Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Created
Jun 29, 2024
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
2,213
Recent readers
560
Threadmarks
254
He was a relatively normal guy, he really was. So, why was it that after his death, unfortunate thing that it was, he woke up once more. And he did so in a similar but also very different world from his own and with a very strange Gamer System… But he had a second chance at life, so that was ok. What wasn't ok was that he had no idea what world he was in. That could be a problem.
Threadmarks Extras
Statistics (252 threadmarks, 1.1m words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Chapter 1 - The End Is Where We Begin
Words 4.8k
Jun 29, 2024
Chapter 2 - What He Don’t Know
Words 6.1k
Jun 29, 2024
New
Chapter 250 - -Fight to Stay Alive-
Words 4.4k
Aug 11, 2026
New
Chapter 251 - -Fight to Raise the Crown-
Words 4.4k
Aug 18, 2026
New
Chapter 252 - -Fight to Take Them Down-
Words 4.5k
Wednesday at 00:08
1
2
3
…
9
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 1 - The End Is Where We Begin
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#1
The End Is Where We Begin

Maybe he shouldn't complain, but Joshua Davis thought he had the smallest bit of bad luck in life.

His early years were good enough. Not great, but good enough. Young Joshua had never been a social boy and hadn't really tried to either. He was fine by himself, staying at home with his family and watching TV, be it cartoons or documentaries. Later on, he found books through a relative and his life spiraled into whatever fictional story he could get his hands on. Eventually, he slowly made his way through other mediums until he ended up with fanfictions.

Later on, during high school, Joshua started to realize that maybe living like that hadn't been a good idea. Most of his friends had ended up going to a different school and he found himself having difficulties when attempting to socialize. He would look around and realize that he had no real friends. His own family felt distant to him and his… close acquaintances that went to the same school as him… there was little to say about those. It was disconcerting at first, and then, it slowly developed into sadness.

It was then that his hobbies became so much more. He didn't delve into the stories for entertainment anymore. Now, Joshua did it to escape a lonely existence. Maybe he should have made an effort to make friends, to connect with his family once more. But after so long, Joshua found himself struggling to socialize in any manner. Interacting felt awkward at first, and then his insides started to tie themselves into knots every time he had to talk to someone.

So, he stopped trying and simply continued on with his life. Letting the fictional worlds wrap around him and forgetting his reality.

However, he knew he couldn't keep up like that. And with a new year, he had decided to try harder. He was so tired of being alone that he would withstand any amount of awkwardness if he could grow closer to other people again.

And so, Joshua started easy, with his parents. At first, little comments here and there. Then he started spending time with his father, helping with certain projects. Or cooking with his mother or simply sitting with her to watch some TV series that she liked.

It was progress.

And this was supposed to be the next step. They were going to visit some relatives and he would try to get better there. After that, it would be going up to strangers at college. That would be a challenge, he had thought.

Joshua wouldn't get to face that situation though.

It was simply not to be.

'Why am I thinking about this now of all times?' The younger Davis wondered as he looked around bitterly while blood drops ran their way down his face from where a glass had cut above his eye.

His expression was surprisingly calm when one considered the absolute chaos that surrounded him. But his mind was numb, he realized as he looked dispassionately around.

His parents sat in the front seats. The crash had left them bruised and with little cuts here and there, but otherwise fine. His mother was screaming hysterically, although it reached the young man's ears barely as background noise. His father, meanwhile, was trying uselessly to push his door open, but the impact on his and Joshua's side of the car had rendered that route impossible, not to mention the effect it had on the Joshua's left side.

His eyes moved towards the broken window on his side. He could see several damaged cars outside, some more and some less than his family's. Screams came from some as the people tried to get survivors out of their now metallic prisons.

Joshua felt the strength leave his body along with his blood, idly wondering which of his wounds was bleeding more, his arm or his leg. Maybe he should have shouted for help, screamed his lungs out, asking for someone to help him.

But he didn't.

An even louder scream made him turn towards his mother and notice that she was looking at him or, more specifically, at his injured limbs. His father quickly turned his efforts into turning and lending him a hand, which was made quite difficult by his seat.

A piece of clothing that he couldn't identify was passed towards him and he tried to use it to put some pressure on his wounds with his right hand. It was all for naught though. It quickly turned red and the blood coming out hadn't diminished in the least.

'Doesn't feel like I have much time to be saved…' Joshua mused detachedly as his sight started blurring and the chaos of sounds muted slowly.

He turned his eyes towards his pale and concerned parents. A last look at their faces, through the mist of unconsciousness.

"No!" His father screamed, in a tone that Joshua had never heard from him. "You don't give up on me, son!" He demanded, the blurry sight of him shuffling around trying to reach his son was the only thing Joshua noticed. "You were trying so hard. It won't end like this!"

"No!" His mother screeched, it was painful to hear for the younger man. To listen to his mother scream with such a broken voice. "No, this can't be happening! You'll be alright, you'll be alright," She turned around in her seat as best she could. She sounded like she was trying to convince herself.

Joshua heard a voice outside the car, it sounded close even if he barely noticed it.

His vision shook.

"I love you," He heard his mother repeat in between sobs.

Someone had moved him, apparently.

He hadn't felt it.

"I love you, son," His father breathed out. He seemed to be closer than before. "I'm proud of you."

He could only feel the cold.

His eyes closed.

And then there was only silence.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua Davis sat up with a start. He was even more surprised by the fact that he was in a bathtub. Looking down, his eyes widened in horror as he saw the water in it filled with blood. Then, all at once, the memories of the cash came back to him.

Breathing faster than he had ever done in his life, he brought his arm up, out of the water, and stared at it. There was no sign of the piece of twisted metal that had pierced it when a car had hit the door next to him. Instead, there were only thin scars on his wrist.

He frowned as he slowly rubbed out the bloody water with his other hand. Joshua blinked again when he saw that there were similar scars on his other wrist.

His hands started trembling.

Shakily, Joshua let out a disbelieving chuckle when he realized that he was in a bathroom that wasn't familiar to him at all. With his whole body trembling uncontrollably, he closed his eyes and started breathing as deeply and slowly as he could. After a moment, he concentrated solely in relaxing his tense muscles. He had practice with that, he had to do similar things often when he was forced to be in social events or when his solitude got to him.

Slightly calmer, Joshua took a moment to decide what to do.

'Keep it simple, stupid,' He reminded himself, wanting to retain his cool. Opening his eyes, he decided that the first thing he should do was get all the blood away from him and if possible, out of view. And thus, he let the bathtub blood-filled water go down the drain and opened the shower to clean himself off. Then, he started filling it again. Water had always made him comfortable. He loved to swim.

Without any red in sight to remind him of… Blood… Metal… Screams… White faces… He closed his eyes again and concentrated again. He was a mess. But he was in a position that allowed for that, he supposed.

'What are these scars? Where are the wounds from the crash?' He wondered as he looked over his arms and legs. 'Where even am I?' He added while looking at the bathroom again. Looking at his body again, dread started filling him. 'This doesn't… why do I feel like something is wrong here?'

With deep breaths that he couldn't quite keep slow, he pulled himself out and stumbled his way towards the mirror. Fortunately for him, he didn't trip due to the water.

His own face looked back at him, although it looked paler than usual, which was saying something. 'All things considered, that makes sense', Joshua thought wryly. With another deep breath in, he looked over his features once more. This time though, he noticed something weird. 'My hair was shorter than this…' He frowned as he passed a hand through his shaggy black hair nervously. The sight of his deep blue eyes calmed him though, although he couldn't point out why.

This time, instead of trying to calm himself, he tried to just get his mind to actually think.

'I was in a car crash. I was… dying…' He started summarizing. 'And then… I woke up here, with slightly longer hair, no sign of the accident's wounds and scars on my wrists that seem like…' His eyes opened and the young man stared at where his forearms met his hands. 'These…' He looked back at the mirror. 'What the hell?'

Shakily taking one of the white towels in the bathroom, he absentmindedly started drying himself. His mind wasn't into that though. It was like his body had went into autopilot while his brain tried to make some sense out of what was happening.

Wrapping the towel around his waist. He walked slowly out of the bathroom.

What welcomed him was a bedroom. A small one, and it was so plain that he got the distinct impression that it was a hotel room of some kind. There was the bed, a desk and, clearing all doubts, the baggage that he had brought for the trip.

'What am I doing here?' The young man asked himself as he looked around, suddenly unsure of what to do. Feeling his body grow cold, he guessed he could at least dress before starting to think on anything. Soon, he stood in the room wearing a simple pair of black jeans, black sneakers and a navy-blue t-shirt.

Absentmindedly, he started pacing around, looking around keeping his mind occupied or maybe distracted was a better word. It was while he was inspecting the desk that he found a piece of paper. A simple, innocent sheet. The content was anything but innocent though.

A suicide letter.

Sitting at the desk and looking at it, he noticed his own name heading the whole thing… Joshua then proceeded to read through it, with growing dread. He read about… himself and how his family died in… 'In the crash? But… they were fine! I remember them being fine! I was the one that…' And, as he continued through it, he read about his other self being… 'Fine? But… my wounds…' His eyes then trailed off towards his left leg and arm, where the scars of the accident should have been. And, at the end, he explained how he had given up. How the death of the only people close to him had been the last straw.

'What the hell?' He thought to himself as he slowly set the paper back on the desk and rested his forehead on his palm. 'I died, I know I did… or should have, at least. I remember the wounds, and all. And my parents were fine, or… mostly fine. If I survived surely they did too…' He tried to rationalize. 'So… why… and why don't I remember…?'

A tear fell down his cheek.

Closing his eyes with a pained expression, he continued taking deep breaths. His mind ran a mile an hour despite his desire to calm down. The contradictions of his memories and the proof around him battling for the right to be real in his brain.

After a long moment, he regained a semblance of tranquility, he opened his eyes.

"What the hell?!!" He pulled back in shock, accidentally falling to the ground together with the chair he had been sitting on. Unfortunately, what surprised him followed right after him. What was it? Well…

[Skill Unlocked: Meditation]

The black text appeared in the middle of a blue square screen. For a long moment, there was silence as Joshua stared in stupefied surprise at the box floating midair in front of his face. Then, surprise morphed into disbelief and ultimately… shocked amusement.

'Sure… things weren't weird enough already, were they?' He thought to himself, trying to add a bit of levity to the unbelievable situation. And then… it hit him.

'I died…' He thought, strangely only listing the fact instead of lamenting it. 'I know I did… and now I wake up in… whatever this is, and read that my parents are the ones that died and not me…' He continued, a focused frown taking over his face as he stood up, and pushed the blue square aside to check the letter again. 'And I somehow… killed myself after surviving? And then, there's this,' His eyes turned to the screen on his side.

'It can't be, can it?' He laughed nervously. 'Status?'

[Joshua Davis

Title: None

Race: Human

Strength: 3

Speed: 5

Dexterity: 3

Vitality: 4

Perception: 2

Magic: 1]

'What the… I… just what… I mean… but it is… what?' He stammered, out loud and in his own mind. His brain was unable to come up with something to say about what appeared in front of him.

A sigh escaped his lips then as his shoulder slumped. 'What happened to me?' He thought to himself dejectedly before his mind came up with the most plausible explications for what happened to him. 'I'm hallucinating, or in a coma because of the accident… or am in a different world where my parents died and I killed myself because of it,' He summarized mentally. 'And I have a Gamer System of some kind, can't forget about that,' He added sardonically.

'Definitely a dream or something,' He nodded, although, he didn't really believe that. He had had dreams. And he knew this wasn't it. Hallucination of some kind it might be, but not a dream.

Slowly, feeling his body go numb, Joshua picked up the chair from the floor and took seat at the desk. With the screen on one side and the letter on the other, he tried to think about what was happening. 'Tried' being the key word there, because his mind seemed to have decided it was done with the insanity around him.

He went over the letter one more time. Now though, he took his time, reading every word carefully. It seemed that everything had ended for the other Joshua. His parents were buried, and he had pushed everyone away. Understandable, really, considering what he was planning on doing.

'It means I'm alone though,' He bitterly realized. Then, his eyes trailed off towards his now scarred wrists. 'What's even the point anymore?'

"You don't give up on me, son!" He shook as his father's words resonated in his mind. Then he laughed hollowly.

'This really was me, wasn't it?' He mused with an empty half-smile as he eyed the letter. 'I really did this,' He finally accepted. 'This was the me from… another reality?'

'And now,' His blue eyes found the blue of the screen, still floating on his other side. 'I got another chance, somehow,' Oddly enough, he wasn't as happy about that as he thought he should have been.

"You were trying so hard. It won't end like this!"

"You'll be alright, you'll be alright."

Joshua closed his eyes. He could almost hear their voices like they were really there. And then, he wept. Wept for the life he had lost, for the parents he would never see again and for lost opportunities.

And from those regrets, a resolution took shape.

He opened his eyes, looking for the first time out the window in front of the desk. His eyes still leaking tears from the sides and a shaky smile on his face, but still determined. He had doubted and feared enough for an entire life, literally.

'No more,' He decided. 'Let's make the best out of this.'

[}-o-{]​

[Language

English – Lvl 45/50

Determines the user's ability to understand English.]


[Meditation – Lvl 1/100

Determines the user's ability to connect with his inner energies.

Increases stamina, health and magic regeneration by 1% while actively meditating.

Increases stamina, health and magic regeneration by 0.1% passively.]

'Well, sorry for not being fucking thesaurus,' Was the man's first thought at seeing that he lacked 5 levels to max English. After that, he settled for taking in what all this meant for him.

'This is a very lame list of skills,' Joshua thought to himself as he sipped from the coffee cup in his hand. After crying his eyes out and mourning his losses for a few hours, he decided that leaving the hotel room for a moment would be good. And thus, he ended up finding a seat in a cozy little café nearby and ordering his favorite drink in the world.

'I can work on that though,' He decided, determinedly ignoring the bitter feeling that pooled in his stomach. It would get some time to get over all that had happened. But he had always been good at pushing aside bad feelings. It had helped him ignore his problems for the longest time, but for once it would actually be useful.

'Perks?'

[Human

Increases the growth speed of all stats and skills by 20%.]

'That's not bad, not bad at all,' He nodded to himself, a small pleased smile making its way to his face before he squashed it. Nobody was looking at him, but he still would need to stop himself from showing anything. Nobody could see the system, it seemed, and he wanted to keep it a secret for as long as possible.

After a moment, he called for his status screen once more.

'No level, HP, MP, no Intelligence, no Wisdom, no Charisma, no Luck… This is one weird Gamer System alright,' He mused to himself before his blue eyes focused on a specific point in the screen. 'Magic though… does that mean that there was magic in my old world? Or is that another alternate reality thing? Something to look into, I guess.'

Blinking, he pulled out his phone and started searching the internet for any of the fictional worlds he was aware of. 'If I can have magic and a Gamer system then anything is possible,' He reasoned. The problem with that was, most magic centric worlds he was aware of had magic be a secret to the public. That made searching confirmation in the internet difficult. He did check for DC and Marvel references just in case. In the end though, he gave up and decided that he would look into it if he ever found anything regarding actual magic. Besides, he didn't want to unknowingly get himself in a tough spot for searching something he had no business even knowing about.

'Let's continue with this,' He decided as he turned to the screens once more. 'Options?... nothing, huh? Inventory?... No inventory? Now, that's a disappointment if I ever saw one. Quests?... I don't know why I'm even surprised anymore.'

'So, this is what I've got,' Joshua thought as he looked at the blue boxes and considered his options. The thought of contacting his family crossed his mind, but it was quickly pushed aside. He had never been very close to them, and it didn't feel like they were really his family, anyway. They were as good as strangers with all the alternative reality bullshit going on around him.

'Might as well just get a job and go from there, right? I don't have enough to last me for long, after all,' He decided idly, his mind focused on short term problems first. Like getting himself an actual place to stay instead of a hotel room. That and food too. Considering how his system was looking, he wasn't holding his breath for not needing to eat or drink or sleep.

Then, he sighed and stood up, going to stand before the man that seemed to be the manager of the café.

Back in his world, he would have been worried sick about talking to a stranger, let alone asking for a job. Now though, either due to his recent death, or resolution or both, he found it laughably easy. Not comfortable, at all, but easy nonetheless. What was the worst that could happen? Him being told no? Big deal, he would ask in every store and business in the city if he had to. Someone was bound to employ him.

'Why didn't I ever think like that back home?' He bitterly asked himself as he explained his desire to the manager (after confirming that his guess was actually right). The man was understandably skeptical about employing someone without experience. However, after answering a question about how he had come to be in that city when he was from elsewhere, the man's eyes quickly softened.

"You know what," He told Joshua. "You work here for a week, we teach you what you need to know and if you do well enough, you get the job. What do you think?"

"That sounds perfect, Mr. Robinson," He replied instantly, giving the man a grateful smile that ended up being little more than a quirk up of his lips. Thankfully, the manager didn't comment on it. Internally though, Joshua told himself that he would have to work on that. It wouldn't help with his job if he couldn't even smile at the customers.

On his way back home, Joshua couldn't help but be relieved that he had acted quickly, less he gave time to his insecurities to come back. Maybe it was pessimistic of him, but he thought there was a good chance of that happening. But that was a problem for future Joshua.

[}-o-{]​

[Cooking – Lvl 3/50

Determines the user's ability to cook.

Increases food preparation speed by 6%.

Increases the quality of cooked goods by 3%.]

'Not bad, I guess,' Joshua thought as he waited for the manager to decide. The week had passed, and he was very surprised that the skill wasn't higher leveled. He wasn't a chef by any stretch of imagination, but he wasn't bad at cooking. Still, nobody had complained and he didn't notice any customer looking particularly bothered by his drinks so, maybe it was something else that he was missing.

Taking a deep breath in, he pulled up the first skill that he unlocked since waking up.

[Meditation – Lvl 2/100

Determines the user's ability to connect with his inner energies.

Increases stamina, health and magic regeneration by 2% while actively meditating.

Increases stamina, health and magic regeneration by 0.2% passively.]

It had leveled even less than Cooking, although it made a lot of sense considering that he spent almost the whole day working at the café and he also cooked for himself, while he only used Meditation before going to bed for half an hour or so.

And that was with a few days grinding the skill like a madman, going to bed late and all. Spoiler: It hadn't been a good idea. At all.

No, he definitely couldn't go about leveling skills and spells like the Gamers of fiction. Those crazy training schedules didn't apply to real people that could actually get tired and needed sleep, food and such things. Which, to his infinite disappointment, applied to him.

During the week, Joshua had also spent most of the money he had renting a cheap small apartment close to the café. If he didn't get the job, he would be in a tight spot, but he had enough to manage for another month if he cut back a little on food and managed to make some money on some odd job here and there. It wouldn't be ideal, but he could deal with it.

He really hoped he did though, and not only for the much needed stability it would bring to his… new life. Joshua had found himself enjoying the rather simple job, if he was being honest. It was… peaceful, and while it did involve talking with people, it was also in a slightly detached manner that made things easier. Which helped a lot, because after his newfound determination wore off a bit, he had found himself with much less confidence, even if he was better than before… the event.

Back to what he had been doing over the week, Joshua had also started making plans. He had looked around the city and found several places of interest. Gyms, to look for a way to increase his stats. Fighting classes, for some useful skills, since he was pretty sure that there would be conflict of some kind in this world. The gamer system had to be there for a reason, after all. He had also looked for a library, a bunch of other places that could provide useful and not so useful skills. He had even noted down two 'magic' stores. He was very sure that most of the stuff in those places was fake. However, there was the smallest chance of finding something genuine there, and thus, he needed to make sure.

'Definitely an anime world,' Joshua mused idly with an amused smirk as he saw yet another person with an odd hair color. The first day, he hadn't noticed those irregularities. The second, he had reasoned that they had just dyed their hair, it wasn't like people doing that was that rare. But by the third day, he had to give up that logic. Especially when he saw a family with the father and the two children having green hair.

A quick search on the internet had confirmed that, indeed, hair color could naturally be just about anything in this version of his world. They were rarer than, say, brown or black, but they weren't that rare. Kind of like redheads.

'That reduces the number of possibilities,' Joshua had reasoned at the time, re-checking for any world that he knew with the same luck. 'Still, it wasn't like I watched every anime in existence, which… is a bit of a problem right now,' He grimaced at the thought. Not knowing anything about the world he was now part of was troublesome, maybe even downright dangerous depending on the world.

"Well, you seem to be learning quick, which is good," Peter said, pulling Joshua from his thoughts before he turned to listen to the manager. "So, I'll happily have you working here. You aren't quite there yet though, so keep on improving."

Joshua smiled, maybe the biggest smile since waking up in that bathroom. It wasn't a big one, nor did it wash away all the other feelings inside him. But it was a start.

"I love you."

"I love you, son."

"I'm proud of you."

He closed his eyes, relishing in the memory.

His smile widened the smallest bit.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

So, this is the first chapter of Game of monsters. I was initially going to write the usual, you know? With the MC waking up in Kuoh with a highschooler's body. But then I thought, there's enough clichés in this shit already, let's put some relatively original stuff there too or try to, at least.

And thus, here we are. Joshua is around twenty something years old, and his location is definitely not Japan. Poor guy doesn't even know in which world he's been dropped in. I think this'll be a lot of fun, if nothing else.

Also, I've already posted more than 140 chapters of this fic in FFN, but I decided to post this here too. FFN, has just been having entirely too many issues as of late and it's starting to wear on me, I guess.

Random Question: How do you think our guy will find out just where he is?

See you.
Last edited: Jun 29, 2024
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Maelstrom183, SethTheCrazed, MasterDrakus and 594 others
Adrian King
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 2 - What He Don’t Know
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#3
What He Don't Know

[Fake Ritual Magic Book

Rank - F]

'Of course,' Joshua thought, sighing and setting the book back on the shelf.

[Appraisal has gone up a level.]

'Bright sides and all that, right?' He added with a small smile, turning and looking around. He had used the skill on everything already, and everything was either fake or real, but not actually magical. 'Well, here's hoping the other shop actually has something.'

Ignoring the annoyed look of the guy behind the counter, Joshua walked right out the door and mulled over the idea of going over to the other magic shop that he had found. As he did so, he also called up Appraisal's screen, just to check.

[Appraisal – Lvl 5/100

Determines the user's ability to appraise objects, creatures and people according to level.

Has 5% chances of finding a weakness.]

'No new effects, huh?' He wasn't that surprised. None of the skills he had gotten and leveled seemed to change as they grew. Which isn't to say that they wouldn't, since they were pretty low still. 'It's no Observe but it's better than nothing, at least,' The man thought as he dismissed the screen. He had gotten the skill while on his first trip to the magic store when he was checking the merchandise.

The first of many trips where he found absolutely nothing. The employee had a reason to be annoyed, after all. Here was hoping he had better luck in the second shop. Which brought him back to that idea…

'Nah, I'll go check tomorrow, I think,' Joshua decided in the end.

As it turned out, being a Gamer wasn't as easy as it was in the original work or in the fanfics he had read. Or, at least, not for him since he had a different system. The man had been in this alternate reality of his world for two weeks and he could safely say that not much had happened. No quests, no random encounters, no strange happenings. Nothing at all, just him, his nerfed system and a pretty… normal life, really.

'Which suits me just fine, not gonna lie,' Joshua admitted in his mind as he made his way back to his apartment. With as slow a progress as his skills and stats had, he didn't want to imagine how badly things would have gone if he had met trouble right from the beginning.

Opening the door to his apartment, he decided to get started with dinner right away. That way he could do a bit of browsing and then go straight into Meditation grinding, as usual. Out of habit, he pulled up the screen for Cooking. Not for any particular reason other than the fact that he always had this little bit of excitement course through him when he interacted with the system.

[Cooking – Lvl 5/50

Determines the user's ability to cook.

Increases food preparation speed by 10%.

Increases the quality of cooked goods by 5%.]

He had recently decided not to take offence with his skill levels. His cooking wasn't bad, as evidenced by his job at the café. With that evidence on his side, Joshua had decided to simply accept his 'skills' as more of a boost over his already existent capabilities. The 'Determines the user's ability to cook' still bugged him a bit, but he already had his theory and he was sticking to it. He had enough headaches as it was trying to find out which of the infinite possibilities of anime he was in.

If he was in one at all and wasn't in some kind of completely unknown world.

'Now, that's a scary thought,' He shuddered as he set his plate on the table and pulled out his phone. It was a sad sight, the one of Joshua sitting alone with a plate of food and a phone in his hand. He realized this fact too, but he didn't care much. He could try to make friends after finding out which kind of messed up world he was in.

It didn't have anything to do with his problems socializing. No, sir.

Evidently, his social improvement back when he had woken up had been a temporary thing.

And so he searched, in the browser of his phone. He really wanted to know where he was. Every second that he remained ignorant was one where shit could be happening without him knowing. Every moment was one where he could end up dead by being in the wrong place at the wrong time.

To his ongoing frustration though, his research came up with nothing. The most he had found were stories extremely similar to those he knew in his old world but with name changes and the like, as if someone was trying to avoid copyrighted names. That was Joshua's biggest clue that this was a world from a work of fiction. Granted, it could still be alternate universe bullshit, but there was no way in hell that was enough to justify Dragon Ball's name changing into Drag So-Ball, Joshua refused to believe that.

At some point during the last week, he had even started searching on other sources too, thinking that maybe his assumption that it was anime might have been hasty. Movies, books, series, cartoons, games, anything that could be remotely related to the world he was now in. Even possibilities that weren't very probable, such as medieval themed plots and such, he had searched, just in case of alternative universe scenarios. That was how much Joshua wanted to know where he was.

'Still nothing,' He lamented as he set down his phone, resigning himself to yet another unsuccessful search.

[}-o-{]​

On another equally peaceful day, Joshua found himself showering while checking over some of his skills.

[Running – Lvl 3/50

Determines the user's ability to run.

Increases Speed while running by 6%.

Decreases exhaustion from running by 3%.]

Running, the very first skill that he had actually set out to get. He had gotten it after a minute or so into a run during a weekend. It had been a particularly good incentive as he set out to do some exercise to try and increase his stats.

Granted, it wasn't much, especially at the moment, but he could see it becoming something very good. Like with all his skills, he had noticed. They had low percentages, but once they were maxed, or even just midway through their levels, they should be very good.

The skill had also been quickly followed by another.

[Physical Conditioning – Lvl 3/50

Determines the user's ability to train their body.

Increases Strength and Vitality growth speed by 6%.

Increases recovery rate from training by 3%.]

He really liked Physical Conditioning. Not only did it increase growth of two stats in general, but it would also, eventually, help deal with the not so pleasant side effects of it too.

From there, he had also gained one more skill. The one Joshua considered his most useful one at the moment, probably.

[Unarmed Combat Mastery – Lvl 3/100

Determines the user's ability to fight without weapons.

Increases damage output when fighting without a weapon by 3%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting without a weapon by 0.75%.

Increases Strength when fighting without a weapon by 0.75%.]

He had gained that one after watching tutorials on the internet about martial arts and copying the stances and such. Officially, it was to save money instead of wasting it on classes, since he had to system to help him out. Unofficially, he hadn't wanted to interact with people even more than he already had to at his job. Never mind the fact that he would have most definitely embarrassed himself in front of everyone by not knowing shit about fighting and being in terrible shape at his age.

Yes, Joshua knew it was unreasonable to expect himself to do well at first, but he had already given up using logic against his social problems. He was proud of his increasing ease while dealing with clients at the café and he was content with just that. He would take what he could.

Nevertheless, Joshua had never been one for sports or physical training of any kind. Which is why he found himself staring at this particular three screens. The visual feedback of his training, almost physical proof that he was achieving something with his efforts, helped a lot to keep his motivation up.

That and his status screen, obviously.

[Joshua Davis

Title: None

Race: Human

Strength: 4

Speed: 6

Dexterity: 4

Vitality: 5

Perception: 3

Magic: 1]

Predictably, Strength, Speed and Vitality had gained a level during his exercises. Perception though, had been a pleasant surprise during one of his scouting at the magic shop. Dexterity, for its part, had also gained a level while he was cooking, which had instantly made Joshua's day. Now he just needed to keep at it and have some luck with a way to increase (and use) his magic. He had tried the manhwa version of magic to… disappointing results. And everything else he tried regarding that had been an equally big failure.

Letting out a long sigh and trying to vanish wishful thoughts from his mind, Joshua stepped out of the shower. He could be meditating instead of just wasting time. The peacefulness of his days was making it easier and easier to lower his guard. But he wouldn't.

He couldn't.

'Dying once was enough, thank you very much.'

[}-o-{]​

And predictably enough, his peaceful and somewhat boring days ended during his third week.

However, it wasn't that he was at the wrong place at the wrong time, or that he found some magic item or another. Neither did he save someone or crash against someone on the street. He didn't even witness something from a distance or watch something happen on the news. Granted, all this is because what happened wasn't anything magically related at all. Or so he thought at first. What had happened?

He found a cat.

Joshua had been just walking back to his apartment, tired after a long day of working, training and searching, just like he usually did. He had, however, had to stop when he heard a pitiful whine coming from the side and turned to see the aforementioned cat. It was truly a sad sight to see, the poor animal lying there, bleeding as everyone else walked by, not that there were many people around.

The thing was, apparently, white with black splashes here and there, one of which was on its head painting an ear and the area around an eye in said color. Now though, there was also it's right hind leg that was covered in dark red blood from an injury that the young man couldn't quite see. Its slit pupils seemingly turned at the attention it was receiving from the young man and amber eyes locked with his blue ones.

Joshua, apparently stunned by the visage, blinked dumbly. A second later, he snapped out of it and his mind, in a flash of concern, tried to remember if there were any vets close by. Sadly, as is often the case in times such as that, he couldn't, for the life of him, remember any such place being close by.

Groaning out loud, he knelt next to the cat, his heart clenching in worry. He had always been a sucker for animals, after all. In a desperate effort, he went on a limb and used Appraisal on the little thing.

[Cat

Title: None

Race: Cat

Gender: Female

Strength: F

Speed: F+

Dexterity: F

Vitality: F

Perception: F+

Magic: -

Perks: 2

Skills: 2

Altered Status: 2]

'It's different,' Was his first thought as he looked over the screen.

'I can actually see things,' Was his second though, since he had tried to use Appraisal on other people and animals before and he would be greeted with a simple 'Human' or 'Dog' or similar things, if he didn't know their names in which case that was what appeared. Besides that, he also got a Rank, just like with objects, which he took now as it being his targets overall stats turned into a letter rank. That was his best guess, at least. And it would be the theory he would stick to until it was proven wrong.

Gulping down, he picked the animal up, silently praying that it wouldn't lash out at him. Fortunately for the man, the creature did little more than squirm futilely and whine. Instead of being a relief, it worried Joshua even more. Was the cat too weak to even do something? Had it lost too much blood?

'I can think about this later,' He told himself as he looked over the screen, lightly holding the cat against his chest, careful not to do even more damage, and walking as quickly as possible towards his apartment. He didn't dare make a run for it and hurt the cat more though. He had a medkit that would hopefully be enough to save the little thing's life. 'Altered Status? That's new,' He noted, mentally pressing on that part and making a new blue box appear.

[Curse of Weakness

Decreases all the user's Stats.]

[Blood Loss

Decreases all the user's Stats.]

Joshua almost tripped on his own feet at the first text. It wasn't detailed, but it told him enough. Enough to bring a million questions to his head, that is. 'Why would anyone curse a cat?' He thought disturbed, his blue eyes darting to the animal in question and back to the screen. 'I'm not getting involved in something by helping it-… her, right?'

That last question kept coming back as his steps quickened and his heart drummed in his chest. He really, really wanted to just drop the cat down back on the sidewalk and just go away. At the same time, his heart twisted and turned, rebelling against the idea. Memories of his mother, playing with cats of neighbors despite not wanting to have a pet of their own and his father and his eternal wish for one but unwilling to go against his wife.

'It can't be that bad,' Joshua reassured himself as he pushed his door open and rushed in, quickly settling the cat on a towel and getting the medkit. He was lying to himself, and he knew it.

With a grimace, he started cleaning the wound, finding out that the poor thing had a rather nasty cut on the upper part of her right hind leg. After he was done with that, he treated the damage as best he could. Which wasn't very fast, unfortunately, since his hands refused to stay put and not tremble like a leaf on the wind.

Throughout the whole thing, the cat kept twitching and snapping its claws at Joshua, hissing and once it literally threw itself at him, biting his arm, before he could catch it. It was unpleasant business, but-

[Physical Resistance – Lvl 1/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand physical damage.

Decreases the damage received by physical attacks by 0.75%.]

Yeah, that helped him keep going without complaining… much. It was also a bit of a letdown though, since it implied that he would at most get it to be a 75% reduction on all physical attacks against him. But he guessed 100% would be too much to ask for. Still, for all the cat's willingness to resist what he was doing, Joshua found himself having little trouble addressing the wound. He chucked it to both Altered Status effects, making the cat barely able to try and put up a fight. It was sad, but at the moment it was also helpful.

Eventually, he was done with it and sitting tiredly on the floor next to the cat.

[Skill Unlocked: Treatment]

[Treatment – Lvl 1/50

Defines the user's ability to treat wounds.

Increases wound treatment speed by 2%.

Increases treated wounds recovery speed by 1%.]

'Good, I guess… Really wish it was higher leveled though,' He thought with a sad smile as he turned to look over the cat. The thing, contrary to how it had behaved through the whole process, was simply sitting and staring at Joshua with its piercing amber eyes.

"Well, we are done here," He offered with a weary smile. The creature simply continued staring without answering, not that Joshua had expected it to. With that said, he pulled up the cat's screen once more, half out of curiosity and half out of desire to evade the thing's eyes

[Cat

Title: None

Race: Cat

Gender: Female

Strength: F

Speed: F+

Dexterity: F

Vitality: F

Perception: F+

Magic: -

Perks: 2

Skills: 2

Altered Status: 2]

'Letter value instead of numerical,' He noted first of all. 'Skills and Perks are part of the screen too, which is also different… Wonder if Altered Status is also separated in my system or if I have that screen at all… Altered Status?'

His answer was an empty but clearly existing screen. He nodded thoughtfully.

'Can I check its Perks and Skills like the Altered Status?' He wondered.

[Superior Senses

Increases the user's Perception.]

[Night Vision

Increases the user's ability to see in the dark.]

'Good to know that Perception is related to senses,' Joshua mused before being surprised as a screen appeared on its own.

[Appraisal has gone up a level.]

'Nice,' He dismissed that screen quickly and called for the cat's Skills.

[Bite – Lvl 1

Defines the damage the user can do with their jaws.]

[Scratch – Lvl 1

Defines the damage the user can do with their claws.]

'No surprises,' He sighed and turned to the animal in question, which continued staring at him. It was starting to unnerve the man, even if he was reticent of showing it. 'Guess I should find something to eat for the poor thing,' He decided and with a groan, he stood up and went looking for food, both for the cat and for himself. 'And I also need to change my clothes, I'm covered in bl-'

[Quest Complete: Rescue the Cursed Cat

Rewards:

+3 Treatment Levels

+3 Healing Magic Levels]

'Wow wow wow, pause!' Joshua sat straight up as he stared at the new screen. 'Quest? But I didn't receive anything of the sort? Is it like… a hidden quest? But it doesn't say so anywhere. Are quests like this with this system?' As usual though, there were no answers for his questions.

'Ok, so… ignoring the random appearance of a quest screen, a few more levels on Treatment is nice and… Healing Magic?!' He did a double take at the last part of the message. 'Healing Magic!'

[Healing Magic - Lvl 3/100

Determines the user's ability to utilize Healing Magic.

Increases magic potency while utilizing Healing Magic by 3%.

Increases magic efficiency while utilizing Healing Magic by 1.5%.

Healing Spells: 0]

'Wait… 0 Spells? I… need to get spells to actually use the magic?... That sucks!' He whined internally. 'I got all excited for a second there, motherfucker!'

And with that, he slumped back against the wall and let out a long, annoyed sigh.

[}-o-{]​

"You are entirely too comfortable here, you know that, right?" Joshua asked the cat a week after finding her. If anyone else had seen them during their days, they would have instantly assumed the pair were master and pet. Especially since the animal would be close by all the time while he was in the apartment, either rubbing herself against him or just sitting on his lap. One time the cat had even climbed on his shoulder, perching herself on it.

'Why do I get the feeling that I'm not gonna be able to get rid of her?' He wondered, although there was a lot less reluctance than he thought there should be at the idea of keeping the cat. The Curse of Weakness still remained on her though, even if Blood Loss had been removed recently. The former was an apparently permanent reminder that there was more to the feline than one would think at first. 'I'm not even sure I'm allowed to have pets in here,' He complained internally.

A mewl of the cat sitting on his lap made him roll his eyes before he started petting her.

"I got myself into this mess, I guess," He muttered under his breath. "I guess I… should give you a name, if you are going to stay here. I'm getting tired of calling you cat."

His only response was the stare of amber eyes. He sighed.

"You know… I was never good at naming things," Joshua admitted with a grimace. And his expression only got worse as he looked down at the cat, who was staring at him once more. Those brilliant eyes never failed to unnerve him a little… "Cheshire. I'll call you Cheshire."

His response was a purr of the newly named Cheshire as he continued petting her.

"Here's hoping I don't get you killed and you don't get me killed, Cheshire," He said wearily.

As if trying to reassure him, the cat pushed her head against his hand affectionately.

He smiled.

[Skill Unlocked: Bond]

[Bond Unlocked: Cheshire]

'Huh?' Joshua thought as he blinked at the new screens. 'Bond?'

[Bond

Cheshire - Lvl 1/10

Determines the user's bond closeness with Cheshire.]

'Huh, kinda reminds me of the Language skill screen,' The man noted interestedly. 'Ten levels maximum though, that's by far the lowest I've seen so far… Wonder what'll happen when I max it.'

Pushing those thoughts aside, he settled for absentmindedly petting Cheshire. He wouldn't have to wait long to find out, he guessed.

[}-o-{]​

[Apprentice's Notes

Rank - ?]

'Well… I had actually given up finding anything in these stores,' Joshua thought while looking at the book in his hands. He had found the thing in the magic store, and it was… very unassuming.

Granted, it looked like something that had actually been used, although it didn't look particularly old. It was a simple notebook with a leather cover and some note-like papers sticking out here and there. The text inside had been written by hand and all. Still, those weren't exactly new things to Joshua. The young man had found several such objects before too and those had turned out to be fakes…

This one though, had to be the real deal. That question mark in the Rank proved it to him. Taking another look inside, he couldn't quite make out what the magic was about, but he knew it was magic. That was enough for him.

'I can't buy just these though,' Even if the store owner didn't know what he was selling, someone else might find out. And he wasn't ready to deal with anything like that just yet.

Thankfully, he had thought about that weeks ago when he had started his search. Keeping his face neutral, he picked up the book and some other rather realistic books he had found. It would hurt his wallet some, to buy useless things, but that was a sacrifice that needed to be made.

For a moment, he lamented his family's economic situation. He also grimaced at the reminder that he had never helped with that, always making half-hearted attempts at studying to avoid working and when he didn't he made excuses. He sighed.

His alternative self hadn't helped matters though, staying in that hotel for as long as he had, letting money just disappear because he didn't care anymore. The only thing that Joshua didn't hate about what his other had done was the fact that he didn't even know what happened with his family's house besides that it had been given to a relative. He really didn't want to see that place again… he didn't know what he would do with himself if he was reminded of what he had lost.

Joshua shook his head and focused on the matter at hand. The magic book he was trying to get for himself and the other items that he wanted to use as covers. Hopefully it would help keep him out of trouble.

"I was starting to wonder if you were actually going to buy anything one of these days," The man behind the counter commented, his tone telling Joshua that he was joking and not genuinely annoyed. That already made this guy much better than the one from the previous shop in Joshua's mind.

"I was just checking," The young man answered. "Wasn't sure if I would buy something myself, but here I am."

"From nothing to all these?"

"Well, they look cool," That wasn't a lie. "And I just got my hands on the cash to actually pay for them," That was a lie.

"Good for you," Joshua was very grateful for the uninterested hint in the man's tone when he said that. A minute later, Joshua was leaving the shop with a heavy bag in hand and a lighter walled in his pocket. Regardless of that last one though, he was very satisfied.

Not long after, the man that hadn't quite been able to die was sitting at his apartment's table with the Apprentice's Notes in front of him. He was disappointed though, when picking it up and trying to interact with it through the system gave very little besides the screen he had seen before. 'It's not a Skill Book, huh? Or are Skill Books not a thing here?'

Regardless of the questions in his head, he opened the notebook and started reading through the content. Apprentice's Notes seemed to be a very accurate name for it, really. The thing was filled with writings that detailed Spatial Magic and a Storage Spell in texts that seemed very similar to notes taken in a class.

Joshua was very grateful for, A, the quality of said notes, and B, the spell itself. It was basically a hammer space, really. A pocket dimension used to store whatever the user wanted through magic. The young man found it very interesting that the spell required a circle, either drawn with magic alone or physically placed on a surface of any kind. The second method was the one that caught his attention the most since the notes said that it would help save up on magical energy.

Since Joshua had a measly Magic level of 1, he very much liked the idea of saving up on it. He really didn't want to find out what happened if his magic energy level was too little to cast the spell. 'It would suck if I died because I didn't have enough energy,' He thought with a grimace. Thankfully, the writing said that the spell didn't require that much to be cast.

[Skill Unlocked: Spatial Magic]

[Spell List Unlocked: Spatial Magic]

[Spell Unlocked: Storage Spell]

'Well, would you look at that?' Joshua thought proudly after a few days of reading through the notebook. It had been much longer than he anticipated, with him having to get through a lot of theory and calculations that the spell required to be cast, not even mentioning the complexity of the circle itself that needed to be perfectly drawn for it to work, which meant that Joshua had memorize the whole circle with all the details. 'Magic is a lot more difficult than I thought.'

'Anyway,' He shook his head, tired but smiling. 'Spells?' He grinned at the screen that appeared, that currently held only one tab dubbed Spatial Magic. 'I probably have to get a Healing Spell for it to actually appear here.' Mentally clicking that tab, it opened to reveal the only spell he knew as of that moment.

[Storage Spell – Lvl 1/50

A Spatial Spell which the user can use to create a pocket dimension to store inanimate objects.

The user can create a storage space of up to 1 square.

Consumption with circle – F

Consumption without circle – D]

'Those consumption values really don't tell me much,' He thought, clicking his tongue in annoyance. For all he knew, F was completely outside his capabilities. Or maybe 1 magic was enough to use it without a physical circle? 'Fuck if I know,' He thought with a groan. '1 is definitely not enough to pay for D though, I'm sure of that,' He guessed dejectedly.

It was a real shame that he hadn't found a way to increase his Magic stat yet. He had had hopes for Meditation to do the trick, but considering how all his stats increased except that one even though it was his lowest… Yeah, Joshua had already given up on that idea. 'It would have been nice though,' He thought wistfully.

'The 1 square thing is weird too,' Joshua noted, going through the description once more. 'What is that even supposed to mean?' He frowned as his mind tried to theorize what the measure unit could be about. In the end, as it was becoming a habit now, he gave up and decided that he didn't have enough clues to actually come up with a solid enough idea.

"What to do, what to do?" Joshua mused out loud, blue eyes fixed on the similarly colored screen. He really didn't want to risk it with the spell. Dying while trying to do just this would suck. On the other hand, when would he come across another spell? He was pretty sure that he would be hard pressed to find another one in that store.

Also, this particular spell sounded especially good after the disappointment of not having an Inventory function in his system. And with it he could pull off the steal under people's noses trick, just like all those other gamers in fiction, if he needed to. Granted, this would be a lot less inconspicuous than those, since it used actual in-universe magic. But it should be useful enough around normal people. And he wouldn't need to empty his wallet everytime he found a book like Apprentice's Notes again since he could just hide them inside the spell, so that was a plus.

'I'm gonna do this, aren't I?' He thought wryly, realizing that even his own thoughts were trying to convince him.

"What do you think, Cheshire? Do I go for it or wait to find a spell with lower consumption?" He asked the cat that was sitting on the table next to where he had been studying the notes. He didn't actually expect an answer, but when he got one, he could only blink stupidly.

Cheshire had decided to reply with a long mewl before she proceeded to nudge his arm with her head.

"I take it that is a 'go for it'?" Joshua asked, smiling awkwardly. When he got the same response, he paused and then frowned down at the notebook. "You know what… Yeah, I'll go for it."

[Bond: Cheshire has gone up a level.]

The man smirked at the screen before mentally nodding.

'Now, let's go about this dumb idea in a smart way at least.'

With that decided, he got to planning.

The first thing Joshua did was decide to try the spell on a weekend. That way, if things went south for whatever reason, he would at least have a few days to set things straight again or… recover if he needed to. The second thing he did was think about how to go about using the spell and things he wanted to try.

He would also have to draw the circle perfectly too…

'This is gonna take time.'

[}-o-{]​

[Drawing has gone up a level.]

'Just in time,' Joshua thought while letting out a tired sigh. Then he looked down at the paper sheet in front of him, the perfectly drawn circle that greeted him back filled him with pride. 'Better not to think of all the sheets I had to throw away,' He added while chuckling to himself.

He was ready now. It was friday, he had the circle ready and he had even had a nap beforehand to be as well rested as possible for the test.

He mentally called for the new skill he had developed for this, his mind trying to buy as much time as possible.

[Drawing – Lvl 5/50

Determines the user's ability to draw.

Increases drawing speed by 10%.

Increases the quality of drawings by 5%.]

'Pretty good,' He noted, although his focus wasn't in that.

He sighed.

'Let's do this.'

"Wish me luck, Cheshire," He said out loud, looking at the cat that sat in her now usual place, on the table next to him. Her response was a simple mewl. "This was your idea, it better go well."

The cat replied with what he assumed was a deadpan and he chuckled weakly.

"Let's do this," Joshua repeated, this time out loud.

Picking up the paper with the circle, he mentally called for the Storage Spell to be cast.

A second later, he felt a previously unnoticed energy inside his body moving through him towards his hands while the circle shone in a dull grey light. His body growing tired by the second as if he had been exercising all day and just now he was noticing the exhaustion. There was even a dull ache of his muscles that slowly increased all over him.

All this filled the young man with dread, but he persevered. He didn't know what cancelling the spell would do, and he had resolved that he wouldn't try that unless he felt true danger coming his way. 'I can handle this much,' He decided.

The weariness though, continued growing on him and his thoughts started feeling sluggish as the spell continued sucking the energy out of him.

Then his eyes registered something. Right over the circle appeared a grey box not unlike his own system screens but with an obviously different color. A corner of his mind noted that it was the same color the circle had shone with.

What called his attention was that in the middle of the pseudo-game box was a smaller, slightly darker square. A second later, an idea struck him and he picked up the pen he had been using to draw the circle. He had decided to test the storage with it anyway. Nervously and with his hand shaking due to how tired he felt, Joshua pushed the pen onto the smaller square and…

It vanished, the square changing to depicture a pen diagonally over it.

'Just like how Inventory should be...' He thought to himself.

And then all turned black.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, there was that. Not a bad chapter, I think. I'm actually quite happy with it but I think there's people that may think the things here are a bit forced, be it the cat part, the magic part, or both.

I took the idea for circle and circleless magic from the series although I don't know if the mechanics are quite as I presented them. There's been shown physically drawn circles in several things (iirc), such as the devil flyers or the teleportation circle drawn in the ORC club room. And if I'm wrong… then I'm still sticking to it because I like the concept.

Fun Fact: I used a randomizer to determine, first, what Joshua would find in the magic store (which resulted in: Magic Book), and second, what type of magic the book would contain.

Fun Fact 2: The Apprentice's Notes thing was inspired by Genshin Impact. I haven't played the game but I watched a friend doing the gatcha thing and thought that I could use some of the item names in my fics.

Random Question: As you saw, the System took the spell and turned it into a pseudo-Inventory. Are there any spells that you think could be adapted by the Game like the Storage Spell was in this chapter? I've already thought of a few myself, but that's for me to know and for you to find out, maybe.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:hipohampus, GMAN1701, Asdercol and 549 others
Adrian King
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 3 - Unstoppable
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#5
Unstoppable

The first thing Joshua felt as he woke up was something wet and rough against his cheek.

The young man blinked groggily and then heard a now familiar sound from next to him.

"Meow."

"Cheshire?" He mumbled almost unintelligible. "What-?" Joshua paused, as his eyes took in the paper under his head that had a magical circle drawn onto it. 'Magical… Magical circle! The spell!'

A second later, the man was sitting ramrod straight on the chair and looking at the paper. Then he turned to Cheshire. Then back at the circle.

"It worked?" He asked, disbelieving.

[Quest Complete: Cast your first spell.

Rewards:

+ 1 Magic Level

+ 3 Spatial Magic Levels

+ 3 Storage Spell Levels]

"It worked," He repeated, this time resolutely and with a grin threatening to split his face. A second later, the smile was wiped off his face as his eyes widened and his hand snapped to his phone that had until now been lying on the table. After thoroughly checking the time and date, he concluded that he had been out for the whole night and a good deal of the Saturday.

"Well… at least I wasn't unconscious for days, I guess," Joshua muttered with a weak chuckle. "But, it worked," He said, once again, as if he was still working on believing what he had done. "Thank you, girl," His hand went to Cheshire's head and started petting her, much to the feline's delight. "If not for you, I might have pushed it for later. This is as much your achievement as it was mine."

[Bond: Cheshire has gone up a level.]

'Nice,' Joshua thought with a smile before turning to the still floating Quest screen. 'Definitely gives an Achievement feeling instead of Quest, but whatever… let's check those rewards.'

Magic was the first one he checked, and while it didn't add anything to his Status screen but the changed 1 into a 2, it still made him feel very proud. 'Now I just need to find a way to increase it some more,' He thought to himself.

[Spatial Magic – Lvl 4/100

Determines the user's ability to utilize Spatial Magic.

Increases magic efficiency while utilizing Spatial Magic by 4%.

Increases magic potency while utilizing Spatial Magic by 2%.

Spatial Spells: 1]

'No surprises here either,' He noted as he finally relaxed a bit and stretched his hurting back. Fainting on the table was definitely not a comfortable way to do so, that was for sure.

[Storage Spell – Lvl 4/50

A Spatial Spell which the user can use to create a pocket dimension to store inanimate objects.

The user can create a storage space of up to 4 squares.

Consumption with circle – F

Consumption without circle – D]

'More squares, huh?' Joshua noted thoughtfully. It still sounded weird, but after thinking back to how his first bout of magic had gone… 'Yeah, I can see how those squares would work...'

Standing up, he grimaced as his body protested mightily, his everything feeling as if it was made of lead and with his energy reserves in the negatives. Dragging his feet, he made his way to the kitchen to prepare himself something to eat, he was positively starving after sleeping through dinner, breakfast and lunch, let alone whatever exhausting his magic had done to him.

"Are you hungry, Cheshire?" He asked distractedly, getting an eager mew in return. He shook his head with a small smile and set something for the cat too.

All this was done almost out of routine though. As he worked on his meal, Joshua couldn't keep his mind from working as hard as it could to come up with theories and experiments regarding the Storage Spell.

How did the squares work? They were obviously somewhat adapted into the game into an inventory of sorts. But what type was it? Did items of the same kind stack or where they were sent into a different square? Were all items put into squares or did bigger objects need more squares? Was weight an issue?

How would it be best to use? He obviously needed the circles in order not to put himself into a coma or outright die, but the physically drawn circles could pose a hindrance. Maybe drawing them on a book? Keep it on him as an inventory. Was there a more practical option? He would have to think about it.

There was also the fact that now that he had an example, he could try to add what he knew about the magic system into his searches for which world he was in now. Sadly, lots of them used circles for their spells, and he didn't think there was anything else to take into account. He had half-given up on it, if he was honest with himself, but he clung to it more out of habit than anything else, at that point.

"Enough thinking, more eating," He told himself. If Cheshire's mew was anything to go by, it was likely she agreed with at least that.

[}-o-{]​

"Ok, this is ridiculous," Joshua grumbled as his shoulder slumped down. His body just refused to cooperate with him. It felt tired to the extreme, and no amount of resting or napping seemed to affect it. On the night after his first use of magic, he realized that something else must have been going on.

'Wait...' He paused, an idea forming in his mind. There was one thing he hadn't checked after waking up. 'Altered Status.'

[Magical Exhaustion

Decreases the rate at which the user regenerates stamina, health and magic.]

'That explains it,' Joshua thought before grimacing. 'The question now is, how do I get rid of this?' Although, he wasn't as worried now. He was pretty sure that an status such as this one would just disappear with time. But he wanted to try and get rid of it quickly. The first thing that came to mind was to continue as he was, resting, eating, sleeping. The second though, sounded much better in his mind.

[Meditation – Lvl 7/100

Determines the user's ability to connect with his inner energies.

Increases stamina, health and magic regeneration by 7% while actively meditating.

Increases stamina, health and magic regeneration by 0.7% passively.]

With a slight smirk, he sat on the floor, legs crossed and hands on his knees. Joshua closed his eyes and set his mind free, doing his best to calm it down, ignore his weary body and just vanish any thoughts that appeared. Meditation's effects basically countered Magical Exhaustion's, which had to mean something. And thus, Joshua set himself to meditate until either it became time to just give up and go to sleep, or he got rid of the altered status.

As time passed though, he felt the sweet taste of victory as energy seemed to come back to his body. It was slow, very slow, so much so that he almost didn't notice. But it eventually became evident that the change was happening. No longer did his body feel like deadweight, instead it felt merely tired. Then it became barely an annoyance. And then it completely disappeared.

Opening his eyes with a smile, he was greeted by several screens. The first of which, made his smile widen. It being the empty screen for Altered Status.

The second made him laugh out loud in pure joy.

[Magic has gone up a level.]

Tripling his Magic stat in one weekend was definitely a win in his book. That was for sure. Grated, it wasn't that big a change really, since it had been a measly 1 at the start. But now he knew a way to increase it. Joshua just had to continue using magic and recovering from it, or that was the conclusion he arrived with what had happened so far.

The third and fourth screens were identical.

[Meditation has gone up a level.]

[Meditation has gone up a level.]

'Seems like it grows faster when I'm actually using it for something,' He noted. 'Now the question is, does this happen with magic only or do stamina and health count too?' And that question was easily solvable, really. He just had to test using the skill after coming back from his exercises.

'If this doesn't count as a productive weekend, I don't know what does,' He thought to himself with a grin as he stood up, picked up Cheshire that had been next to him as usual and hugged her, needing a way to express how happy he was. The cat fought back futilely, and the man couldn't help but wonder if she was actually fighting and the Curse didn't let her do much or if it was a fake struggle. Once he let her go, he got his answer as the cat let out something that sounded like an annoyed mew before rubbing her head against his chest and licking his chin.

'Definitely a fake struggle,' He decided as he settled on petting the felines head instead.

[}-o-{]​

'Experiment Number One,' Joshua noted down on a notebook, his back resting against a tree in a park that was relatively near his apartment. He would have stayed inside, but it was Sunday, it was sunny, there were slightly cold winds that he quite liked and Cheshire had looked a little cooped up, so he had chosen to go out for a bit. 'Test for an object size limit and weight,' He wrote down.

He had checked the notes of the spell he had found, but considering that the Game had adapted it to itself, Joshua wasn't hundred percent sure they would be accurate. Also, if he was honest with himself, he wanted an excuse to toy with the magic he now had available to himself. Also, the notes had said that the spell didn't require much magic, but considering what had happened to him, Joshua didn't much trust the accuracy of it regarding normal people such as himself. 'For a definition of the world normal,' He thought wryly as flashes of blue screens appeared in his mind.

'Experiment Number Two,' He continued. 'See if similar items can be stacked together in squares. Experiment Number Three, check if container type objects can be stored, i.e. boxes, bags, pouches, etc.'

Joshua paused as he saw the black and white shape of Cheshire walk up to him from the side. When he looked up, he noticed that she was carrying something in her mouth. That something became very clear when she stopped and dropped it next to him. He smiled wryly at the dead bird.

"Good job, girl," He said, not entirely sure that was the right thing to say but also without any better ideas. The cat seemed to preen at his words so he counted that as a hit. A second later, she got closer and rubbed herself against his arm. "Feeling better? Maybe you can accompany me when I go exercising… although I think that's more of a dog thing."

She let out a mew that sounded a lot like she agreed with him on that last part. Joshua shook his head, he had been doing that a lot. Interpreting her sounds and movements almost like they were sentences. 'Is that something related to Bond or am I just too lonely?' He decided, for the sake of his sanity, to choose the former answer.

Out of curiosity, he cast Appraisal on Cheshire.

[Cheshire

Title: None

Race: Cat

Gender: Female

Strength: F

Speed: F+

Dexterity: F

Vitality: F

Perception: F+

Magic: -

Perks: 2

Skills: 3

Altered Status: 1]

'New skill, huh?' Joshua thought, slightly surprised as he mentally pressed to see the new information. Expecting one, his surprise grew when he saw two changes.

[Bite – Lvl 2

Defines the damage the user can do with their jaws.]

[Hunt - Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to pursue a target.]

'Guess it was so low level that it went up at the slightest use… Or she did so much of that and Scratch when I was healing her that she left it almost there… No clue, really. Especially since I don't know what she's done before I found her.' Joshua mused. 'She got a new skill though, and… I guess it might come in handy someday… maybe… I would really prefer not to need it though.'

"Hmmm, what else to note?" Joshua mumbled, his focus going back to the notebook on his lap. 'Idea Number One, notebook full of Storage Circles,' He scribbled down on another page before he started scratching his head. Maybe he should visit some stores and see if something else that he could use caught his eye. He also needed to finish browsing through the magic store. Who knows, maybe he would find something else there.

'I can't use the spell again until next weekend though, that's for sure,' He told himself. 'No way I'm risking passing out like that on a weekday. Even if my magic went up to three.'

"Girl," He spoke this time, getting a tilt of Cheshire's head. "Would you mind taking that away from here?" He asked signaling to the bird. His eyes went to a woman that walked by and sent a disgusted look at the bird and a disturbed one to him a second later. It didn't make a pretty picture, he was sure.

To his surprise, the cat actually did as he asked. He had tried, yes, but Joshua hadn't really expected the cat to do so. He hadn't even expected her to understand what he was saying at all. It had been more of a habit of talking to Cheshire. He had been a second away from taking the thing and throwing it on the trash.

[Bond: Cheshire has gone up a level.]

Looking in the direction his cat had gone, Joshua paused and blinked. 'Bond?'

[Bond

Cheshire - Lvl 4/10

Determines the user's bond closeness with Cheshire.]

'What is this thing, really?' Joshua wondered, not for the first time. And yet again, he was left without answers. In the end, he simply sighed, pushing those questions aside for the moment.

'Anyway, Experiment Number Four, check if liquids can be stored without containers,' He noted down on the previous page as he went back to his magic testing ideas.

[}-o-{]​

A week quickly flew by and it was Friday once more. Joshua set on to test his Storage Spell again, this time with much more confidence since he knew he wouldn't… well, die from using it. Still, he made sure to double check everything. After all, he didn't want to be too confident.

This time around though, he didn't use the spell to store a pensil. No, instead, he took the sheet of paper and, once the dull grey light appeared and showed the now four squares of storage space, he pushed the sheet upside down over one of his chairs.

This was to test two things, one if he could push the circle on something instead of the other way around and also if something bigger needed more squares.

A second later, Joshua fell on his butt and panted heavily. 'Didn't pass out this time,' He mused tiredly. 'Ok, so, pushing the circle instead of the object works,' He nodded, his head doing the movement exaggeratedly due to how heavy it felt. A headache made him decide not to move much. 'Gonna have to see about the spaces… but later. Good to see I didn't need to do anything differently for the extra squares though. Now new circle design or anything.'

Taking a deep breath in, he settled in his now usual meditation pose and started working on it. 'Tomorrow, I check how it looks with the objects there,' He mused, as he hadn't been able to see the squares since the sheet was upside down. It wasn't a huge loss, since he could check as soon as the next day. 'Or maybe Sunday… Don't want to test my magic limits overly much.'

[Meditation has gone up a level.]

'Definitely works better when actually using it for something,' Joshua thought then as he looked over the screen in front of him once he felt better. He wasn't hundred percent recovered, but he was feeling hungry, so he put a pause on his meditation. 'Makes me wish I had used it more when I was recovering from the scratches Cheshire gave me.'

Once he was done with his meal, Joshua pulled out a leather covered blank book and a set of cards. The first he had bought in a random store, the second he had gotten in one of the visits he paid to the magic shop. Why there? Because they weren't normal cards, they were blank cards. Their backs looked exactly like normal Poker cards, but the other side was completely white.

He had seen them on display during one of his appraisal visits and an idea had come to him. It would help with two things. It would help test if a smaller circle affected the spell at all and it would come in handy to transport things in a more inconspicuous manner. He had also started making some plans for the Spell if he ever got his hand in some magic theory books, but those were plans for the future that weren't assured to ever happen.

Focusing back to the task at hand, Joshua started drawing circles in the book's pages and the cards'. He could meditate some more in the morning if he didn't feel completely recovered by the next day. The hope was that he could test both things during the weekend, get some more levels in Magic and Meditation and maybe even in Spatial Magic and the Storage Spell… But he would be happy with just the first and one level in any of the previously mentioned options.

[}-o-{]​

Saturday came and Joshua found himself eyeing the array of items on his table. A sheet of paper that held a pen inside, another sheet that held a chair, a book half-full of circles, and a few cards with smaller circles drawn on them. It took a considerable amount of time to draw the circles, so he hadn't been able to finish either the notebook or the cards, but he had enough to start testing. That was enough for him, he could finish both while he recovered from the experimentation or through the week.

Besides the magically affected things were two bottles of water. One to check if containers could be placed inside the circle. Joshua was fairly sure that that one would work. He also had a box and a bag with random things inside to further test that. The second bottle was to check if he could store just the water, as he planned to uncap it and pour the water on the active circle. He also had another pen, just like the one he had inside the storage seal he tested last week. This one to test if similar objects stacked or not.

"Ok, first of all," Joshua said to himself, letting a long breath out to relax his tense shoulders. He could have waited some more to recover from the previous day's magic using, but he was fairly sure that he was fine with the meditation he had done and a night's sleep. If not, then the most he expected to happen was to pass out for a night just like the week before. "let's see how this looks."

Taking the already used circles, he activated the one with the pen. He was somewhat surprised to see it with four squares now instead of one, but it was also expected. With his breath growing weary, he took the new pen and pushed it in. He blinked for a second as he saw it appear in the square next to the other pen picture. 'No stacking then,' He noted mentally before touching the picture again and feeling how the pen appeared on his fingers, and as he pulled it came back out. After placing it on the table, he pulled the other one, leaving the circle empty.

With that done, he leaned back and let out a sigh. Joshua then looked down at his hands, trembling from exhaustion.

"Ok," He said with a tired smirk. "Maybe I was a bit over excited preparing all these when I obviously can't do the spell repeatedly yet," He explained as he pet Cheshire's head, the cat having approached him once he was done. She let out a mew, pressing her head against his palm. "Guess I'll see if I can do the next one in the afternoon."

And that's exactly what he did. After recovering his magic with Meditation and having lunch. He felt ready to go right back to his experimentation. Joshua paused as he heard Cheshire let out a long mew. Turning his blue eyes towards her, he noticed that the cat had her amber ones locked on him.

"Em… something wrong, girl?" He asked, getting the uncomfortable impression that he was being scolded. "I'll, er, be careful. Don't worry. This'll probably be the last one today," He explained, feeling more than a little silly for speaking with his cat as if she could- He blinked. Had Cheshire just nodded at him?

'This is getting really weird,' He thought, slightly unnerved. 'Is this Bond's thing? Is this… something else?'

"Just tell me you are not a person in disguise," Joshua said shakily, getting a tilted head from his cat. "Not like you would tell me, right?" A simple mew was the response he got. At that he slumped and let out a sigh. "Let's just pretend none of that happened, ok Joshua? Let's just blame magic and the system, ok?" He told himself before chuckling. "I'm getting crazier by the second."

Shaking his head, and scary thoughts regarding his cat away, he took the paper that held inside the chair and activated it.

'Huh? Would you look at that? It occupies two squares,' He noticed before pulling out the chair. After leaving the chair on the floor, he felt the now familiar tiredness cover his body.

"Ok, not passed out yet, but I'm definitely worse than before," He noted to himself. He almost jumped when Cheshire came up to him and started rubbing her body against his leg. 'Really hope it's just Bond's thing,' He prayed.

"Gotta test the rest tomorrow, I guess."

His cat responded with a mew and he got the impression that she was glad.

'Really hoping it's Bond...'

[}-o-{]​

Unknown Third Person PoV

It hadn't been a one time thing. Someone was really doing magic close by.

He had felt it, but had quickly dismissed it as little more than a magician traveling through the city. There was little point in getting ahead of himself. It had happened before, after all.

The person had done magic again though.

There were few magicians living in the city, and for good reason too. After all, there was only one group… And everyone else had… mysteriously disappeared.

He grinned.

'Maybe I'll be lucky,' He thought to himself.

He would have to find exactly who this new magic user was. And then, maybe, just maybe, Lady Luck would smile upon him. 'Maybe I'll get to have fun again.'

Hunting was always fun, after all.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ah, the wonders of magic and ignorance, am I right?

This chapter didn't hold much in the shape of progress, what with it being mostly Joshua messing around with his new magic and preparations for that. But, somehow, I'm still quite happy with it.

Random Question: This is unrelated to the story, but do you have a favorite Sacred Gear (outside the Longinus)? I quite like the Blaze Black Flare. Although, all of the Vritra Sacred Gears are pretty cool.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:MasterDrakus, GMAN1701, Asdercol and 523 others
Adrian King
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 4 - This Is It
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#11
This Is It

Sunday was a new day of experiments for Joshua and also one that felt pretty productive too, if someone were to ask him. Through it, he found that the Storage Seal could, indeed, hold containers. Both the water bottle and a box of things were easily put inside the pocket dimension. The young man found it interesting that they still occupied only one square though.

That meant that he could probably put a bunch of things inside a box or bag and have them occupy only one square instead of putting them separated and have them take up several spaces. It would certainly open up some possibilities for the future. To do what? Joshua didn't know at the moment, but having more options couldn't be a bad thing. Especially when he had so few regarding the magical side of the world he now lived in.

Back to the productive part of the day, not that the experiments weren't productive themselves. He gained a few levels too, which left him feeling much more satisfied than the testing had. With an extra level in Magic and Meditation, he had felt bold enough to try a third time during the night. He had felt like shit afterwards, but he hadn't passed out, which he counted as a win.

During that attempt, Joshua found that no, the Storage Spell couldn't hold liquids without a container. A bummer, really, but he took it in stride. It had felt like a longshot from the beginning, anyway. On top of the discovery, he had also gained a level in the spell, which added yet another square to his circles.

On a different note, Cheshire still unnerved him a little. He tried to tell himself that if the cat wanted to do something to him, it would have already done so. It wasn't as much of a reassurance as he wanted it to be though. Who knew what someone could do to him with magic?

His Bond skill ended up being not only an excuse for the cat's intelligence, but also a comforting sight. Why? Because it told him that there was, for lack of a better word, a bond between himself and Cheshire. And that, in his mind, meant that she was on his side, to an extent. Following that thought, the level he gained during that week felt like a bigger reassurance than anything else.

Through the days too, he gained two more levels in Drawing, as he worked through his Storage Notebook and his Storage Cards. It was a lot of circles to be drawn, so he wasn't really surprised.

He really would have liked to use at least one spell during the weekdays, but between work and his physical exercises, he was tired enough as it was. Putting more strain on himself could end up with very bad results, so he decided not to push himself. At least, until he got better Vitality and Magic stats. He was getting there though, it was a matter of time.

[}-o-{]​

"I mean, really, what am I supposed to do if the guy doesn't even know the name of the drink he wants?" Joshua complained as he huffed and sat down once he arrived at his apartment. Cheshire, the listener in this one sided conversation, simply pushed her head against his arm, that was resting on the table.

It had been almost a week since his worries about his… cat? had appeared, and he was now… okay-ish with it. He wasn't over it per se, but he hadn't had the heart to just kick the feline out in his paranoia and he was done being uncomfortable in what was his home at the moment. As such, he had just… decided to go with it. He was getting good at that, Joshua realized.

Once his resolution settled, he started talking with the cat. Cheshire didn't seem to be overly intelligent, since most of the time she would look more confused than anything else. But sometimes it would be clear that she wasn't a normal cat at all. More than once, Joshua found himself calling for the feline's Status screen to see if there was anything new that could explain that. Since there was nothing, he continued chucking that to Bond's effect.

Joshua's easy acceptance of the situation might have had something to do with how lonely he would have been if not for Cheshire's company, but he would never admit that.

"Anyway," He sighed, one of his hands absentmindedly starting to pet the between her ears earning a content purr. "How was your day, girl?"

He received a pitiful whine at that, as the cat cast a forlorn look at the window.

"Wanna go outside, huh?" Joshua guessed, getting another whine in return. "Well, I'm going to go out for a run. You ok with that?"

The cat answered with a meow and a rub of her head against his palm.

"Give me a minute to change and we'll be on our way," He nodded, stretching his arms up and gathering his energies for his daily exercises.

[}-o-{]​

The dull sound of something hitting wood reached Joshua's ears during his break from magic training that Saturday.

[Throwing Weapon Mastery has gone up a level.]

"A pity that I can't store them," He thought out loud as he looked wistfully at the kitchen knife in his hand. The man had taken to speaking out loud instead of just thinking, more to see if his animal companion had anything to, for lack of a better word, 'say' in the matter.

[Throwing Weapon Mastery – Lvl 2/100

Determines the user's ability to fight with throwing weapons.

Increases accuracy when throwing a throwing weapon by 2%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting with a throwing weapon by 0.5%.

Increases damage output when fighting with a throwing weapon by 0.5%.]

The skill had a similar format to Unarmed Combat Mastery, Joshua had realized instantly when he gained the skill. It had led him to believe that all combat masteries would be like that. It wasn't really useful information, but it was an interesting tidbit about the system that he had.

The skill in itself had been the product of one of his experiments. He had wanted to see if items retained movement when they were stored in the spell. The result of that test had been… Negative, sadly. 'No pointing a card at someone and having a knife come out just yet,' He thought dejectedly. He'd kind of been looking forward to having his own Gate of Babylon... 'It's what it is.'

The idea still had merit though, and he shelved it for later. Maybe he'd be able to modify the circle in the future or something of the sort. It would take a while, but it could be done. Unfortunately, it was unlikely that at that point a knife would be a viable weapon. He didn't know if he would find any other spells though, thus the reason he wrote the idea down.

"Ok so," He sighed, pulling the knives that were stuck on a wooden plank he had set as a target. "Back to the spell," Joshua said, cracking his neck and absently petting Cheshire as he sat at the table. He pulled up his storage notebook and started activating the circle again, storing inside a can of food in one of the pages.

With most of his experiments done, he set his training to also prepare for 'just in case' scenarios. Like, for example, storing food and water inside the notebook, in case he needed to run away for whatever reason. He would also buy a tent and a sleeping back, the former of which he was expecting to occupy more than one square. The storage spaces weren't much of a problem though. Five squares per circle meant a hell of a lot of space, he soon realized.

The downsides of the Storage Spell compared to the Inventory that a normal Gamer would have came in the shape of detection, really. Since he used an… in-universe means to store his things, people that knew magic could probably notice if he used it in front of them, Joshua theorized. There was also the fact that the spell didn't stop time inside its pocket dimension, which meant that anything that could spoil in the short term was a bad idea.

A meow distracted the man from his musings as he distractedly traced the outside of the circle with his thumb.

"Yeah, I know," He gave a small smile to Cheshire, who had been staring right at him. "Next one is for your food, girl, I know," Joshua reassured with a growing smirk. "I think I'm spoiling you, honestly."

The feline's response was an affectionate nip at his hand before she rubbed her head against it until he started petting her.

"I'm definitely spoiling you."

[Bond: Cheshire has gone up a level.]

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis

Title: None

Race: Human

Strength: 7

Speed: 8

Dexterity: 6

Vitality: 8

Perception: 4

Magic: 5]

'It's… huh… going, I guess,' Joshua thought wryly as he looked at his Status screen. His progress was a lot less impressive when one considered that it had been a whole month since he had arrived into the world he was now in. 'I need to get myself some weights or something. Magic is going as fast as it can right now, but my physical stats could go faster… I need to get more serious with the Throwing training for Perception too...'

Joshua was worried, he would admit as much easily.

After all, he still had no idea in which world he was now in and what stats would be reasonably high enough for survival. He knew one thing though, if his physical stats were important, he was screwed. He knew they weren't all that. If the world he was in leaned more in favor of magic, he might stand a chance… once he got his hands on something more battle related at least, otherwise he was screwed.

Granted, he had entertained the optimistic thought that he might be in a world where he wouldn't need to fight for his life. However, he wouldn't let him stop being paranoid. Until he saw visible proof that the world wasn't a death trap, he would consider it just that.

Shaking his head, he lazily turned his head towards the side.

[Cheshire

Title: None

Race: Cat

Gender: Female

Strength: F

Speed: F+

Dexterity: F+

Vitality: F

Perception: F+

Magic: -

Perks: 2

Skills: 3

Altered Status: 1]

"Did something change for you, girl?" Joshua wondered out loud with a frown. He was pretty sure there was a stat difference somewhere. He ignored the confused tilt of Cheshire's head and narrowed his eyes at the letters. "Did a stat get a plus somewhere? I should note this down so that I can track it better. I don't get notifications for you."

Out of curiosity, he called for the cat's skills screen.

[Scratch – Lvl 2

Defines the damage the user can do with their claws.]

'Progress is progress, I guess,' He mused as he scratched her behind her ear. 'Now,' I thought, suppressing a groan. 'Let's get started with the knives, shall-'

[}-o-{]​

A splash of water to the face was what woke Joshua up.

"You awake now?" A voice asked, amused. Confusedly, he looked around for it, his mind trying its best to adjust to the situation it was now in. Soon enough, his eyes found a pair of wide, brown ones. "You there, sleeping beauty?"

"What?... What's going on?" Joshua asked, blinking repeatedly as he processed the sight before him.

"Well, you, my little friend, are enjoying my great hospitality, for one," The man standing in front of him said, stepping back and spreading his arms to signal their surroundings. Said surroundings being what seemed to be a basement, if the stairs in a corner and the small window that seemed to be at ground level were any indication.

'What…?' He wondered as he tried to move only to find very clear resistance. Looking down he felt the blood in his veins turn cold as ice.

He was sitting on a metal chair, his arms seemingly cuffed behind the seat's back. Another pull told him that they weren't normal cuffs either. They were firmly holding both his arms to each of the stiles. A desperate movement revealed that his legs were cuffed to the legs of the chair too.

"What's going on?" Joshua repeated, this time with clear fear in his voice. Looking back up to the person in front of him, he saw the man that had spoken before, standing there and looking at him like he was the most entertaining thing he had ever seen. Grinning widely and with his wide brown eyes staring as if he didn't want to miss anything, short brown hair on his head. The man was also wearing simple jeans, a plain white t-shirt and brown boots… Joshua couldn't have told him apart from a crowd if his life had depended on it…

Or that would be the case, if not for that wide smile that spelled nothing good for him.

"Well, you see, I'm a hunter and I am, you know, hunting. Or was, at least," The man explained casually, walking around Joshua until he stood behind him. The young man almost jumped, or would have tried to, when his captor put his hands on his shoulders. "My prey was a bit boring this time though," The man added with a disappointed voice. "So, I guess I'll have to get my fun another way."

"Why are you doing this?" Joshua breathed out. He sounded pitiful, even to his own ears. But he was afraid, so very afraid, that he didn't care for that.

"Because I'm a hunter, and hunting is what we do," The man replied easily, as if that answer should have been obvious. The matter-of-fact way he used to speak didn't help the growing dread in the tied man. "Now, what to do with you?"

"Let me go, please," Joshua pleaded, his face feeling increasingly paler and his expression contorting in desperation. 'I… this can't be happening,' He thought. 'This… out of nowhere… why?' His distraught mind asked.

"No, I don't think I will," The man shot back with an uncaring shrug of his shoulders as he walked away towards…

Joshua almost whimpered as he saw the working table put against one of the walls. On top of it several tools that looked completely normal… if not for the circumstances. A hammer, a saw, pincers, a drill… And their purpose became even more obvious when they sat right next to a series of different knives.

"Please… please don't," Joshua tried again, his voice shaking.

"This is the best part, you know," The man said, ignoring his pleas.

"HEEELP!" He screamed. He knew that it was a futile attempt. But he had to try. "PLEASE! HELP ME! HE'S GOING TO KILL ME!"

"Magicians always think that they are above dying," The man kept on, as if he couldn't hear Joshua's wailing. "Especially by mundane means… So… seeing them bleeding to death from simple cuts… or drowning in a bucket of water… or burning with normal fire… It's just the best. By the way," He added in the end, turning an amused expression towards the captive. "There's a spell keeping all sound from leaving."

"Please..." Joshua whispered, although he wasn't speaking with the man anymore. He wasn't really sure who he was speaking with. But what he did know was that he didn't want to die. He had almost died once. He had lost all that he knew in the process. 'And this is what I get? This is my second chance?' A part of his mind wondered, utterly demoralized.

"Now, back to the question," The man continued talking. "What to do with you?" He wondered out loud, looking through the tools on the table. "You were kind of boring as prey. No defenses, no struggle, no nothing. As boring as a normal human, really. Such a shame. I got excited for nothing."

'What could I even have done to avoid this?' Joshua wondered, only half-listening to his captors mad ramble. The young man's shoulder sagging dejectedly. 'All that training. All that work on skills… But did I even have something that would have stopped him… Did I even stand a chance to begin with...'

'Magician...' His mind finally picked up. 'He found me through the magic? He picked up on the Storage Spells I used?... Was I screwed from the moment I decided to use the spell the first time?'

"But I think I know what to do," The man seemed to conclude after a long series of mutterings that Joshua didn't catch. "If the hunt wasn't fun. Then I'll have to make the kill be fun," He decided, apparently. As if that was the only logical solution to his 'problem'.

Joshua stared at the man, his face falling into a hollow mask. Flashes of metal and blood assaulted his mind. Crashing sounds and broken glasses.

"I love you."

"I love you, son."

"I'm proud of you."

His hand twitched and his eyes regained a bit of life. If he was going to die, he would die trying, at the very least.

"You were trying so hard. It won't end like this!"

"You'll be alright, you'll be alright."

His mind pulled up game screens in front of him. Reading through every skill and stat he had. His limbs moved slowly, searching for a way to break free from their bounds. His Strength was certainly not enough to actually break the things. He could squeeze his hands through the metal rings, much less his feet.

Despair filled his mind as he realized that there was no way out. As much as he looked, as much as he schemed. He just didn't have the tools to escape. His only idea was the Storage Spell. To try and just… make the chair as a whole disappear. But he didn't have a circle on him. The madman had evidently taken the card he always kept in his pocket. He had taken all his cards, if the deck sitting innocently in a corner of the workstation was anything to go by. And without a circle, he was sure to die from the magic consumption.

'Still an idea… better than dying by whatever he's thought up,' Joshua decided, filled with grim determination. The source of all his problems had apparently chosen to use something that he didn't have readily available in the basement. The captor seemed to chuckle at his own idea while climbing basement stairs.

Left alone for the moment, Joshua looked around in a last attempt to find another option. Some path that had eluded him before. No such thing appeared for him though. The chair he was bound to wouldn't move the slightest bit no matter how much he struggled. And nothing was even remotely close to it, even if his limbs hadn't been useless at the moment. Besides the work station, there were a few shelves with random stuff and a sink. The latter of which he had a vague and disturbing idea what its owner could have used it for.

Pulling his eyes away from it, and his mind from its own assumptions, he looked out the small window at the top of one wall. It was right in front of him too. 'He probably wants me to see the outside,' Joshua realized bitterly. And see the outside he did. The stars greeted him from just outside the glass, making him wonder how much time had passed. The last thing he remembered was it being the day. The moon peeked the smallest bit from a corner, almost hidden, much to his dismay. It would have been nice, to at least get a good look at it before...

His appreciation of the night sky was interrupted as the basement door opened. The Hunter, as he called himself, came in holding a small cardboard box in his hands. Joshua's blue eyes couldn't help but lock on the innocent looking object, dread growing back up inside him. The relative calm he had had when by himself disappearing as if it had never been there to begin with.

"Are you curious?" The man asked, and Joshua dragged his eyes back to him. "Are you curious about how you'll die?" The Hunter prodded again. Joshua, for his part, remained silent. "Acting brave, are we? I've already seen how much of a whimp you are, brat. Why don't you cry for me? Maybe if you do I'll end it quickly."

'He won't,' Joshua thought to himself, dissuading the part of him that wanted to do exactly as the man said and beg for his life. He was sure he wouldn't. He had gloated about how he had killed others, which meant that he wouldn't be sparing the young man's life no matter what. And a quick death… was still death. 'Metal. Blood. Broken Glasses. Pale Faces.'

"Just do it already, you crazy bastard," Joshua said instead, drawing an amused expression from his captor and soon to be executioner.

"Right then," The man cheerfully exclaimed as he brought the box up. "Straight to the important stuff, I see. Well, here's the thing. I found this by chance, you see, didn't even need to buy it or anything, a good while ago. I was saving it for a particularly boring prey, which turned out to be you. I thought it would be fitting. I got it without effort and I would use it on someone that turned out to be just as easy."

Joshua would have snarled, but he was more… resigned, than he was angry or afraid. Mentally, he readied himself to use the Storage Spell. If he was lucky, he might stay conscious after it… or die from using too much magic… both were better than the alternative. He just hoped that if neither of those happened, then he wouldn't have to suffer too much.

Just as he was about to use his magic though, both men turned to the door of the basement when they heard the sound of glass breaking from above. 'A window?' Joshua wondered, a flicker of hope coming back to life inside him. 'Did he lie about the silencing spell?'

"HELP!" Apparently, the man didn't think it was much of an issue, since he ignored Joshua and instead moved to the side with a grumble. A dragging sound was followed and soon there was a table set right in front of the captive. So close to him that the wood pressed against his abdomen, just below the chest. Afterwards, two ropes were quickly tied around him. One on Joshua's neck and the other on his abdomen, both keeping him firmly against the chair. The first one even choked him if he did the smallest of movements.

Another glass broke above them.

"I would have loved to see the whole thing. But, apparently, something came up," The Hunter grumbled, clearly displeased that his 'fun' had been interrupted. "But I might get a good look at the later part of the show, if I deal with this quickly. Have fun, buddy," He told Joshua, finishing with a pat on the young man's cheek as he set the box on its side, the open part facing right at the captive.

With that done, the Hunter moved outside the basement once more, the door left slightly open and letting a thin ray of light cut through the shadows on the stairs.

Joshua, left alone once more, tried to peek at the box on the table, barely able to move his head without the rope strangling him. He could see part of the box, yes, but, unfortunately for him, he couldn't see the most important part.

The open part.

He wondered, for a long moment, if he should use the spell now. It was the best chance he would get. But he hesitated, because he knew that it wouldn't work. He would either die or he would fall unconscious. After all, he barely could use the spell with circles. And now…

Now, whatever had caused that glass to break had given him hope he didn't want to give up on.

In the end, the decision was taken from him as he felt something. Something small, very much so, touching the skin of his chest, just above where the table pressed against him. Then something else followed, just like the previous one. And he realized that there was something walking on him.

'But what-' His thoughts froze as he processed his situation. It was obviously going to be something that could kill him. 'Spider or scorpion,' He guessed instantly. The deduction didn't help his panic at all.

"Don't bite me. Don't sting me," Joshua breathed a plea, carefully not taking deep breaths, so that his chest wouldn't move much and make the thing bite or sting him. After that, he went silent again. He couldn't even use the spell now, he realized, because if he did, that thing would still be on him.

And then…

The door was pushed open again.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I know that the kidnapping happening so out of nowhere will be jarring for some people. But I did that on purpose because there was no way for Joshua to even realize that there was someone magical hunting him. Not if they were even remotely competent, at least.

There's little else to comment on, really.

Fun Fact: Someone pointed out to me that the second chapter's title had a 'mistake'. It was on purpose. All the titles for this story are taken from song titles. The songs themselves aren't really related to the chapters though, just that the titles themselves match quite well in my opinion.

Random Question: What type of spell do you think will be the next one to be learned? (Provided that I don't kill Joshua next chapter just because it would be the unexpected thing to do.)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:GMAN1701, Dragonace111, Hinebamm and 440 others
Adrian King
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 5 - This Ain't the End of Me
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#16
This Ain't the End of Me

Joshua didn't even know what he was about to say when he saw the Hunter appeared to be back, but his open mouth clicked shut when he noticed that it wasn't the man that had walked through the door. In his place, a cat jumped in, falling a few steps down the stairs of the basement. A white cat with black splashes of color over its fur. A very familiar cat, actually.

"Cheshire?" Joshua asked in a whisper, barely believing his eyes as the amber eyes locked on his. "Cheshire..." He muttered again, as his brain rebooted and processed the information. However, a second later, the situation he was in surpassed the shock and he started talking again. "Get this bug off me, Cheshire," He implored, hoping against hope that the feline would have one of its strokes of genius and know what he was telling her to do.

The cat blinked at him and, just as dread started coming back to his mind, it jumped a few times. With one, Cheshire stood on the basement floor, with the other, she found her way on top of the table. A third one put her right in front of him and with a swat of her paw, whatever it was that crawled on his chest was sent flying to the side.

The man let out a long breath of relief as he slumped down on the chair, his muscles finally relaxing for the first time in that night. But the rope all but choking him reminded him that he was far from safe there. In an instant, his eyes narrowed.

"Girl, I need you to get me one of my cards from over there," He said, praying to whatever deity was listening that she would understand him one last time. 'Come on, I just need this and I can work something out.' "Cheshire, I'm going to spoil you rotten when we get out of here," Joshua muttered as he saw the cat go for the cards, like it was the most natural thing she could do.

He was further shocked when the cat picked only one up with her mouth and then, instead of going for the table as he expected her to, the feline walked over to his hand, held at the back of the chair. The young man took a mental note to do something very nice for his cat and to never doubt her again. His hand trembled as his fingers found the card that was offered to him, his brain reminding him that no, it wasn't a good idea to hold onto it too tightly.

Tracing the surface with his finger, he found the side with the circle drawn on it and smiled. Quickly, he cast the only spell he knew. He saw the flash of light draw lines with the silhouette of himself and the chair he was strapped to. Twisting his wrist, he pressed the card against the metal seat and he started falling backwards as the thing was absorbed inside the circle.

Joshua wasn't quite sure how the whole thing went inside leaving his arms and legs free. He had half-expected it to go wrong. However, it was his only way out and, at that moment, he wasn't going to question it. 'Magic is magical,' He thought flippantly as he pulled the ropes over his head, the space left by the chair being enough to get them off easily. He had better things to consider than the logic of magic of all things, at least for the moment.

His eyes searched for the thing that would have otherwise ended his life out of their own volition. He gulped as he saw the spider on the floor, a pitch black arachnid barely the size of his thumb. The thing was innocently lying on the floor, walking around as if lost, which it probably was, what with the Hunter bringing it here from wherever it had been before and then being swatted aside by a cat.

Joshua couldn't have cared less though. His mind worked a mile a minute to solve the situation he was now in. His gaze moved towards the stairs, the only way out since the window was too small for him to use. Problem was, that way was also his captor and would-be killer. The young man was almost sure that there was no chance he would win against the other man. After all, it was implied that he had hunted other magicians, and that meant that someone had to have fought back at some point. The Hunter had to know how to fight hand to hand and that was his only way he-

'Wait,' He paused as a thought crossed his mind. Standing up, he immediately moved towards the workstation. His mind pushed all revulsion at the sight of the 'tools' on it and focused on his plan. His fingers wrapped themselves around the handles of two relatively normal looking knives.

"Cheshire," Joshua said, this time being mindful of the volume of his voice. He didn't know how the silencing spell or whatever it was the Hunter had over the basement worked. "I need you to hide yourself and attack the man that'll come down here," He explained hurriedly. Maybe he was being overly optimistic, going for a three for three with his requests for the cat, but he had to try. He needed as much help as he could get to get out of this one alive.

This time though, he could at least afford Cheshire not understanding, which made it that much easier for him to just… hope for the best. He grinned from ear to ear as the cat settled herself at the bottom of the stairs, hidden by the last step. 'I fucking love that cat,' Joshua decided.

With a gulp he prepared himself for what was to come, making a quick dash to close the door just enough to leave it as it had been before. It was a good thing that the thing wasn't facing right at where the chair had been, or the whole thing would have been much more complicated. 'Now… I just need to wait,' He thought as he settled at what he considered to be a blindspot for someone going down the stairs.

He would either succeed and free himself or he would fail and die. No matter how much Joshua had prepared himself mentally, telling himself that the world he was in might be dangerous and fight oriented, it obviously hadn't prepared him for what he was currently living. Suspecting and knowing were two very different things, it seemed. Just like saying and doing. He took a deep breath in, his hold on the knives tightening to stop his hands from trembling. His eyes locked on the basement door.

Blue eyes moved back to the workstation for a moment, trying to memorize where the other knives were. Another deep breath in, sweat started pooling over his brow, drops threatening to fall over his eyes but not quite doing so. Distractedly, he wiped his forehead with the back of his hand.

No sound came down from the house, no clue as to what the man that had tried to kill him was doing. Joshua could make a good guess though, judging by his savior. There was no hint of when the Hunter would come back, leaving him to speculate and worry. His mind torturing Joshua with all the ways things could go wrong now. His eyes moved back to the spider, still crawling on the floor, small, innocent and away from him, but still big, threatening and so very close in his mind. He thought he might have a mild case of arachnophobia after that day.

If he survived.

"Let's continue with our little show, shall we?" Joshua heard as the Hunter took the first step down the stairs. Instantly, he threw a knife at the man. His Throwing Weapons skill wasn't very high, that was true. But he had practiced and he also had time to aim. Thus, the knife hit its target, burying itself right into the madman's thigh. "What the f-?!"

The older man never got to finish that question, as a mass of black and white threw itself at his face. Cheshire screeched as she clawed at the Hunter's face. And Joshua, in the meantime, had already picked another knife to replace the one he had thrown.

He couldn't very well throw another, as much as he wanted to, with his only ally being on top of his target. With that in mind, he charged, running up the stairs and reaching the man just as he got a hold of the cat and threw her away. Anticipating some type of magic from the Hunter, Joshua quickly slashed with the biggest knife, which was on his right hand. He acted without hesitation, lashing out desperately.

A second later, he pierced the madman's abdomen with the knife in his left hand.

And then he did so again, with the one in his right hand.

Joshua pulled back his left hand only to thrust forward again.

And then with his right hand.

And then left hand.

And again.

Again.

...

Eventually, he stopped, letting out a wail that was more pained and fearful than victorious and brave. His trembling hands dropped the weapons as he stared at his handiwork. There laid the Hunter, on the stairs to his own basement, with who knew how many holes on his torso, sending little falls of blood down the steps. A deep slash cut across the man's neck and one of his hands dropped next to it, as he had tried to hold the wound.

Another scream left Joshua's mouth as he pounced on the body, punching the dead man's face repeatedly as he continued shouting curses at the man that had threatened his life. Incoherent words and questions thrown at someone that would never answer. He would later wonder just what he could have possibly said, but his mind had no recollection of it.

In the end, what snapped him out of it was a soft sound, one he had come to hear a lot and would sometimes bring a smile to his face. This time, the only reaction it got was a turned head, but that was enough. As Joshua's blue eyes settled on the black and white cat, he blinked. His tense shoulders relaxed and he stepped away from the corpse with trembling limbs.

He almost threw himself down the stairs as his gaze traveled back to the Hunter, suddenly repulsed by the sight and what it meant.

He had killed him.

He had killed him.

He had killed him.

'He would have killed you,' A voice whispered in his head. And Joshua knew it to be true. The Hunter had fully expected the spider to kill him even without him being there. The man had left him to die consciously and gladly.

And still..

'Why do I feel so bad then?' He asked the voice, which remained silent, unable to come up with an answer for the question. Standing up, he stumbled his way to the sink he had seen before and threw up. His knuckles turned white as he held onto it, his fingers all but burying themselves into the hard material.

Another mew reached his ears, this time followed by a soft touch on his leg. He didn't need to look to know that Cheshire was rubbing herself against him. Probably trying to comfort him, in her own way. And miraculously…

It worked.

Still shaking from head to toe, he slowly used the sink to wash the blood on his hands. He had expected it to be… well, not so easy. He had expected to see the blood there even after cleaning it. But, no, his hands looked just fine. But the pitch in his stomach remained, and his limbs refused to stay still. He splashed water on his face a few times, as if waiting to wake himself up from the nightmare he was living.

No such luck.

He dropped to the floor like a sack of potatoes, turning to rest his back against the wall and giving a small, shaky and empty smile as Cheshire walked between his legs and put her paws on his shoulders. A moment later, the cat draped herself on top of him and his hand regained a semblance of stability as it started petting the feline.

"We are fine," He said, his voice sounding distant to his ears. "We are fine," He repeated. "You saved me," His blue eyes focused on Cheshire, his only companion since he woke up in that bathroom. The one that had come to save him. "Thank you," He muttered, picking the cat up and rubbing his face against hers. "Thank you, Cheshire."

The only response he got was a mew, but at that moment, it felt like the greatest 'you are welcome' and the most comforting 'everything is fine' he had ever heard. He was still deeply disturbed, absolutely terrified and utterly in shock, but he wasn't alone. And that last part was the most important for him right at that moment.

[Quest Complete: Survive the Hunter

Rewards:

+5 levels to all Stats.

+5 levels to Bond: Cheshire.]

[Quest Complete: First Kill (Dagger)

Rewards:

+5 level to all Stats.

+5 levels to Dagger Mastery.

+New Skill: Bloodlust.]

[Skill Maxed: Bond: Cheshire]

Joshua stared at the screens in front of him for a long moment, his arms still embracing Cheshire like his life depended on it. He stared, but he didn't quite read them. The way they just floated there felt insulting, in a way. They were just there, casually, like this hadn't been a near death experience for him. Like this was just another day in his life.

But as his anger bleed out, he realized that might very well be the case. 'Is that the kind of world I now live in?' Joshua wondered, both terrified and incredulous. He didn't have much time to process this though, as his whole body started to hurt. His muscles started to ache, just like that burning sensation one has when they've been exercising too long. His head started to ache, similar to those times he would read on his phone or study for too long.

The only thing that didn't hurt was the energy in him. The magic that he had been able to sense ever since he cast his first spell. It had been spent when he stored the chair, but it was now coming back, as if something was filling up his reserves once again. But those same reserves also felt much larger than before.

Soon enough though, all those receded and he was able to gather enough focus to actually read the screens…

And they made him sick.

Especially the second one. To be rewarded for such a thing. Yes, the Hunter was a madman, a sick, twisted person that would have killed him without a second thought. But the Quest didn't mention the man. It just said 'First Kill'. 'Would it have been the same if I had killed any random man or woman on the streets?' He asked in his mind, and he hated that he would probably never know the answer to that question.

A mew snapped him out of his thoughts, and he locked eyes with Cheshire for a second. Then, the cat gave his chin a lick and he almost smiled. Absently, he started petting the feline affectionately.

"He would have killed me and I killed him," He told himself before sighing. "Just him, no one else. It's fine, everything's fine. I am fine. You are fine."

Cheshire mewed again and this time his lips twitched up for a split second.

Then he grimaced as his eyes flitted to the side, finding the body on the stairs. Swallowing his apprehension, he set Cheshire on the floor next to him and stood up. His limbs felt strange to him, he realized as he took his first step. Everything felt stiff to him, but strangely light too. He guessed it made sense though. After all, he was more than twice as good at… well, everything. He hadn't had any stat over 10, after all, and adding that amount to all his stats was bound to have a very noticeable effect on him.

It was fortunate that the change wasn't so extreme that he wouldn't be able to do stuff without careful movements. Slowly getting used to the improvements, Joshua made his way to the workstation, keeping his eyes firmly locked on his deck. The last thing he wanted to do was to see the instruments of torture that laid on the table.

When his fingers found the cards, he stood there, not quite sure why he had even gone straight to them. Yet another call from Cheshire brought him back to reality as he looked down at her amber eyes. Gulping down, he took a deep breath in to gather his thoughts and gave a resolute nod.

Squaring his shoulders and letting the air out of his longs slowly, he turned and walked towards the Hunter that was still lying on the stairs, bleeding all over the steps. Gulping down again, this time to push his nausea back down, he continued moving forward.

As he brought out one of the cards, he paused.

"Magicians always think that they are above dying."

The statement repeated themselves in the young man's mind.

"You should have known those words applied to you too," Joshua said, not sure if he was mocking the dead man or if he was doing it as a sort of twisted apology. Closing his eyes for a moment, he nodded to himself and activated the Storage Spell on the card. A moment later, the Hunter's body was nowhere to be seen, only a pool of dark red blood remaining as evidence of its existence.

But at least the visage of the dead man wasn't there anymore.

The dead man he had killed-

A tug on his pants brought his attention back to his cat. Cheshire wasn't looking at him though, even as her paw rested on his leg. Instead, her amber eyes were locked off to the side on-

The spider.

Joshua stared at the diminutive arachnid on the ground. The Hunter had wanted him to die by its bite. It would have been the tool of his demise. He stepped towards, intent on just smashing it with the nearest thing. 'I'm a grown man, damnit,' He thought, anger filling his mind. 'I shouldn't be this scared of a fucking insect.'

But he was.

Moments ago, that little black thing could have ended his life, just like that. The smallest of changes on what happened would have led to his death and he was very much aware of that fact. And with just one step. Just the smallest of actions from him and the thing would just stop existing. Just like the Hunter.

"I found this by chance, you see, didn't even need to buy it or anything, a good while ago."

Out of nowhere, the Hunter's words echoed in his mind and Joshua paused.

His eyes still locked on the diminutive creature.

Just one step and-

"I got it without effort-"

"It's not the same," Joshua muttered through clenched teeth. "It's not the fucking same. So… why am I pitying a spider of all things, damnit."

Cheshire's mew got his attention again, and he locked his blue eyes with her amber ones. He stared for a long second, as if waiting for the cat to tell him something. Eventually, he slowly turned to the small spider, still crawling aimlessly on the floor.

"I'm goddamn insane already, I know it," Joshua grumbled as he made his way towards the table and picked up the box where the spider had been previously. With it in hand, he once more approached the arachnid and gently made it walk back inside the box. The last thing he needed was to have it accidentally bit him while he was in the basement.

Although a part of him wanted to just… go back home, he couldn't do that.

He needed to clean the place a bit. Erase as much evidence of his presence there. 'And loot the place, that's for sure,' He thought, feeling particularly vindictive.

This was the house of a true magician, after all. The Hunter was bound to have something he could use. Be it a tome, or a scroll, or some item, something magical was bound to be around for him to pick up. And he would. After what the man had put him through, Joshua felt he more than deserved to get something out of it.

A pit formed in his stomach as his eyes strayed towards the drying blood on the stairs. A part of him not feeling like he deserved anything for what he had done. But the pragmatic side won for the moment.

As he set the box on the table, closed this time. He left the basement, partly to check on the house and look for a bookshelf or something. But mostly… because he wanted to take his mind away from the god forsaken place.

Carefully avoiding the blood, he made his way up towards the house and…

Joshua found himself baffled. Not because it was a particularly strange place or anything. Actually, it was the opposite. The place looked so… normal, that it clashed morbidly with the image of the Hunter in his mind or even with what he had seen in the basement. He wasn't sure what he had expected the house of the madman to be like, but what he found was certainly not it.

A mew from Cheshire brought him back to reality, and he found himself grateful for the cat's presence.

"God knows how lost I would have been on my own here, Cheshire," Joshua said as he walked through the house and looked around. "If I even survived at all," The feline let out a sound that was halfway through a normal call of hers and a screech. It sounded like she was scolding him in his mind, so he took it that way. He was past feeling awkward conversing with the cat. "Yeah, yeah… It's just so raw in my mind though."

He could still feel the cuffs on his limbs and the ropes against his skin.

The Hunter's voice whispering disturbing, unintelligible words in his ears.

Eventually, he focused on what he actually wanted to do. Looking around the first floor of the madman's house. Entrance, kitchen, dining room, living room.

The last one had one of its windows broken, which Joshua guessed was where Cheshire had come in. He crouched down to pet his little companion at the sight, to show how grateful he was. He had plans to show her even more later when he wasn't so out of it.

However, there was another thing that caught his eye in the room.

"This is what I was looking for," He muttered, looking at the bookshelf in front of him. It was in a corner of the room, a bit wider than a door and just as tall as one. Slowly, he dragged his fingers over the tomes' spines. To his dismay though, most of them looked like normal books. History books, encyclopedias and the like. "They can't all be normal though," He mused out loud.

With a sigh, he gave up and pulled another card from his deck.

"This would have felt like a bad idea just yesterday," Joshua said with a wry smile. After all, using the Storage Spell more than once was out of his range by then. Now though, with his magic three times what it had been previously. He guessed he could use the spell three times without problem, which is what he did.

As the bookshelf disappeared in a flash of grey light. He looked at the screen in the card. It occupied four squares, which he guessed was about right.

"Still good to go for a few more spells," He realized, somewhat surprised. 'Does the Magic stat affect more than just my magic reserves?' He wondered as he walked through the house.

Unfortunately, even after using copious amounts of Appraisal on everything that could have been even remotely magical, he found nothing. Everything was as normal as it could get. He had even searched for some concealed Storage circle or something. 'Here's hoping that the bookshelf had some magic tomes concealed as normal books because I'll be angry if I had to go through this and got nothing out of it.'

'Well, not exactly nothing,' A part of his mind whispered, reminding him of the stats and skill levels he got for surviving and killing the Hunter.

Still, he searched. In the end though, he found nothing.

[Appraisal has gone up a level.]

"Look at the bright side and all that, right?" He muttered at the screen. With a sigh, he turned to the stairs to the second floor. "Let's get this over with, yeah?" He asked idly to his cat, receiving only a rub of her head against his leg as a response

Joshua would admit, he wasn't really looking forward to seeing the man's bedroom. Even if it was as normal as everything else had been, it still bothered him. Not to mention that he had noticed something that made him more than a little uncomfortable.

He only had a pair of jeans on him.

This meant only one thing. He would need to take some of the Hunter's clothes to use, which made him almost want to throw up. But alas, he couldn't very well try to go back to his apartment shirtless and without shoes.

"That's the other thing though," He grumbled as he went up the stairs. "I should move, I guess," He realized with a grimace. "Don't want to find out if someone else noticed my use of magic, to be honest."

If the Hunter had found him, there was no telling of someone, or something, else had too. His mind was already running through his options. Moving somewhere else wasn't an easy thing to do though, even if he had added very little in his current apartment, what with how short his stay there had been.

'Something to think about.'

The first door Joshua opened after going up the stairs, led him right where he dreaded. The bedroom. He looked through the place as fast as he possibly could without feeling guilty for the possibility of missing something. Which meant that he didn't go nearly as fast as he would have wanted to, but the night's events had been a wake up call for him.

He needed every little help he could gather.

Unfortunately for him, he found nothing. And so, he left with a red t-shirt, a pair of black boots and the feeling of being cheated.

The next door opened to a bathroom that had nothing he couldn't have bought himself.

The last door was partially open already and inside-

A hiss that definitely didn't come from Cheshire greeted him.

Joshua almost jumped out of his own skin at the sound. The room itself wasn't particularly frightening though. It was a study of sorts, he guessed. There was a desk in the corner that had a few books spread out over it that he definitely wanted to check. On another corner sat a table with two terrariums, one much bigger than the other. The bigger one was broken though, probably by Cheshire, if he had to bet.

He could guess what had been in the small empty glass cage by the webs that were strung inside. The bigger one didn't need much deduction work, really. Not with the hiss that he had heard when he opened the door.

Not with the snake that was in the middle of the room, trapped underneath a laundry basket and a few more books used as deadweight on top of it. He couldn't see it very well behind the blue plastic 'bars' but he could very much tell just what it was. He gulped at the thought that, maybe in another alternative world he would have been faced with that instead of a spider.

Shaking his head, he moved towards the desk to check the books that were on it and also the drawers it had on the side. There didn't seem to be much more of notice around besides-

Joshua froze once more as he came face to face with a board set on one of the walls. The wall next to the desk, a part of his mind realized.

It reminded him of those detective movies and the like, where the character set up a whole display with a map, newspaper clippings, photographs and colored strings connecting stuff all over the place. Slowly, Joshua made his way until he stood in front of the thing and he grew disgusted at what he saw. Each picture was connected to two things: A place in the map of the city and an article of a body found somewhere. That last one was also connected with a string that pointed where the body had been found.

"The Hunter's victims," Joshua whispered slowly as blood left his face and his shaking hand extended towards the disturbing board. His eyes took in every single one of the pictures, older, younger, male, female, with all kinds of skin, eye and hair colors. Nobody was safe from the madman, it seemed.

Something else got his attention though. Over the map were small black crosses drawn here and there, with a black pin each and a black string connecting all of them. The string then shot out and connected with a simple sticky note. An equally simple word written in the small yellow square, although it seemed to be in a foreign language. Either that, or it was written wrong.

But that wasn't the part that concerned Joshua. No, it was the fact that he was sure he had seen the word, written exactly like that, somewhere before that worried him. However, he couldn't, for the life of him, remember just where had read it.

'Khaos'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I find myself… surprisingly happy with this chapter. I like it, and I don't think I did anything wrong.

Wow, that's a first.

There are some parts that I think might not please some people, like how the Hunter was taken down, or the exploration and looting of the place. Or how affected Joshua is by killing. But it is what it is. If you've read Game of Shadows, you know I don't make my characters unstoppable unfeeling killing machines… at least not from the start.

Originally, Joshua was going to be faced with the snake, actually. But then my mind started going over the background of the Hunter, building the character and all, and things started appearing. Things like the spider, which in turn changed how Joshua's 'death' was supposed to go. So… Yeah, I had a case of butterfly effect in my own story before I even wrote it. Ain't that fun?

Random Question: Would you rather have a Holy or a Demonic weapon? As much as my edgy self wants to pick the Demonic one, the life sucking aspect kind of makes it a no-no for me. Even if they are stronger than their counterparts to make up for that (which I'm not sure they are), I'd still prefer not to die faster due to my weapon.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:GMAN1701, Dragonace111, Hinebamm and 477 others
Adrian King
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 6 - Broken Glass
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#26
Broken Glass

The discovery of the map stuck to Joshua's mind as the young man stared at it for a long while, his eyes darting between the black marked places. He wasn't sure if his hunch that it was something he remembered was right, but it was worth keeping in mind. 'I need to keep this… Wish I had my phone with me,' He thought with a grimace, absently placing his hands over his pockets, as if expecting his phone to be there.

Gulping, his grimace became even worse as he realized what he had to do if he wanted to take the map. But he couldn't leave something that could actually be useful here, no matter how much he didn't want to touch the thing. 'I wouldn't want something like this to remain here… and the killer has been already dealt with anyway,' Joshua told himself. 'And... ,' He continued, trying to convince himself. 'It's not like I can come back for it later. I really don't want to-' His train of thought paused when his eyes went to the window on the side and looked outside.

There wasn't a city there. Instead, what greeted him on the other side of the glass was a forest. 'How didn't I see that?' Blinking, he turned to the map once more, searching for just where the house could be located. Unfortunately for him, there was no mark. 'Of course there isn't,' He thought, annoyed. 'I don't have to mark where I live on a map do I?'

"Still… this is good," He spoke out loud in a whisper. "I can… I can come back with this… as much as I don't want to. Nobody should notice he is missing nor me coming and going if he lives- lived out here… unless he didn't live by himself, which doesn't seem to be the case. I should have a day or two at least..."

His eyes then moved back to the map, and the victim's pictures.

"I'll take this down," Joshua muttered, not sure who he was even talking to. "I promise… I just want to take a picture first, just in case." For what he wanted that picture, he wasn't quite sure. But it was better to have the information and not need it than to need it and not have it. He would need to have it safely hidden though. If he was caught with that in his phone… yeah, it wouldn't be good.

Turning around, wanting to put the map out of his mind for the moment, he blinked at Cheshire.

The cat was sitting facing the basket that trapped the snake in the room. She also seemed to be engrossed in a staring contest of some kind, although he couldn't get a good enough look at the reptile to confirm this. In any case, the feline's amber eyes seemed determined to stare a hole on the through the plastic and probably the animal inside too.

"Everything ok, girl?" Joshua asked curiously, momentarily pushing away all thoughts of looting the room. "Cheshire?" He tried again, but the cat continued glaring right at the snake. The young man noted though, that the reptile wasn't hissing anymore. Both animals seemed to be in a staring contest of some kind.

As he started to get worried though, he got a response in the shape of a drawn out meow. His heart almost stopped as the cat put her paw on the basket and started trying to… push it? Joshua took a step forward, intent on telling his companion to leave the animal alone before she got bitten.

Instead, he paused, blinking as he saw Cheshire put her other paw on the thing and tried harder. The snake inside, meanwhile, seemed to be trying to push the thing off too. Joshua couldn't help but stop moving and simply stare as the pair worked together futilely to try and take the basket off. Or, at least, that's what it looked like to him.

"Cheshire, what… are you doing?" He asked, a frown on his face as he tried to make sense of the scene in front of him. Why would his cat try to… free the snake?

The feline's response was to snarl at the basket before she gave up and moved towards the man. With one of her paws, Cheshire clawed at his jeans, as if trying to pull him- 'Towards the snake?' He thought, growing increasingly more confused.

"You want me to… free the snake?" Joshua asked, not believing that he was saying that in the first place. He almost whimpered when he heard the cat let out a short meow that could only be an affirmation. "Cheshire… why?" He voiced, even if he knew there was no possible way for the cat to explain herself.

As an answer, the feline let out a long, low meow that sounded more like a plea.

'No… I'm not doing this,' Joshua told himself, even as he felt his resolution crumble before it could even build. 'Why am I even considering this?' He asked himself, horrified. But he knew the answer.

He owed Cheshire.

She was just a cat, yes. But she was a cat that had somehow found him in a house who knew where and saved him from certain, slow and painful death by spider bite at the hands of a madman. A cat that had been his only friend and company since he arrived in this alternative world. A cat that he shared a bond with if the game was to be believed.

His wide eyes returned to normal and his expression calmed as he remembered something. His eyes turned towards Cheshire. 'Appraisal.'

[Cheshire

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Familiar Cat

Gender: Female

Strength: E

Speed: E+

Dexterity: E+

Vitality: E

Perception: E+

Magic: F

Perks: 3

Skills: 4]

There were lots of things to note on the screen, Joshua knew. But he pushed most of those aside and focused on the Title and Race change. 'Familiar of Joshua Davis and Familiar Cat, huh?' He thought as he deflated and turned his blue eyes towards Cheshire's amber ones.

"If I do this, I don't owe you anything, are we clear?" He asked, because damn it, if he was going to risk his life with this stunt, then he wasn't going to still owe her for saving him. The stupid cat looked entirely too proud of herself at that moment, if anybody asked the man.

"And you," He said to the snake, ignoring the fact that there was no way for the animal to understand him. It didn't even have the benefit of Bond, which would have somewhat explained Cheshire at least. Joshua was pretty sure he was losing it, if at least a bit. "you better not bite me. I'm helping you out here."

The way the snake coiled around itself, as if rearing to attack, didn't reassure him at all.

Slowly, he pulled the books from the basket and paused.

"Couldn't you… you know, push it off now?" Joshua asked, hoping for a way to avoid being close enough to the reptile to be injected with venom. 'I thought I didn't have to worry about stupid venom anymore today,' I whimpered in his mind.

Sure enough, the thing pushed the thing up a bit with its head. He wasn't even surprised that the animal did as he said anymore. Although, maybe it wasn't that it had understood and it had just tried again. Unfortunately, the snake couldn't quite get it off from over it. Instead, it ended up just pushing it to a side on the floor. With a sigh, Joshua moved again, gulping down his fear as he saw the reptile wrap into a bundle again. With his eyes darting back to his cat for a second, he sighed and pushed the thing off in one go before all but jumping back.

Joshua almost called for Cheshire when the cat approached the snake, but ultimately remained silent. Then… they did nothing. The reptile remained coiled on the ground, beady black eyes staring right at the man. The feline, sitting right next to the serpent and he could have sworn she was puffing out her chest.

"Happy now?" Joshua asked, not taking his eyes away from the snake. "Because, if it bites me, so help me I'll-"

[Bond Unlocked: Snake]

'Are you for real?!' He asked in his mind, his eyes growing wide as he processed the screen in front of him. 'I'm… I'm not dealing with this right now,' Joshua decided, finally taking his eyes off the snake as he walked to the desk and took a seat on the chair. He needed a moment to gather his thoughts a bit. The night was proving to be… eventful, that was for sure.

When he lost the battle to keep his eyes away from the animals, he met the amber eyes of his… familiar. The cat then proceeded to turn to look at the snake and then at the man again. Joshua paused for a second before he came to a conclusion.

A very crazy conclusion.

"I'm… I'm not taking it with me, no way. Nope," He muttered to himself, unable to look away from Cheshire and his new bond. Both animals stared right back at him, as his mind tried to regain a semblance of order. The hiss that Cheshire sent his way as a response certainly didn't help. "I'm not," he denied, putting his foot down for once. "We are not taking a possibly very venomous snake with us. Next you'll tell me to take the spider that was about to kill me with us."

He grew concerned when he didn't receive a response besides a steady glare.

"No, Cheshire. No," He shook his head vehemently. "Not just no, but hell no. I love you, girl, I really do. But I'm not going to bring home not one but two very dangerous pets. I don't want to die, you know."

The cat had the gall to whine.

"What's gotten into you?" Joshua asked, resting his elbow on his leg and his forehead on his palm. His fingers grasped at his hair as he let out a shuddering breath.

'Familiar of Joshua Davis,' The words seemed to almost materialize in front of him, even if there was no screen. 'Familiar Cat.'

'Why am I thinking about this at all?' He asked himself, almost whining. 'I… Just…' His eyes moved to the snake, who- which was just there, lying on the floor and looking at him. 'Bond,' His mind pointed out to him. He had trusted Cheshire when the strange things started happening because of Bond.

But a snake? A spider? The spider? 'At least the spider didn't bond with me. That would just be… I don't even know,' Joshua thought to himself with a grimace.

'Might as well check everything, right?' Joshua thought, searching desperately for a reason to deny the cat's request. 'Appraisal. Skills.'

And there it was. The answer to his doubts until that point, plain for him to see. 'I should have checked this as soon as I saw the changes,' Joshua told himself, taking a deep breath in.

[Extrasensory - Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to sense things outside their Perception.

Consumption - F]

'It's horribly vague though,' He complained with a grimace. It did, however, give an answer to Cheshire's strange behavior. He paused for a second as he turned his eyes to the serpent, still coiled on itself and just… lying there on the floor.

"I went insane," Joshua mumbled. "This whole night's driven me insane," He almost snapped as Cheshire sent a questioning meow his way. "Yes!" He exclaimed. "We are taking the snake with us, so-" He was interrupted with another mew. "And the spider… happy now?"

He didn't have the first idea about how he would do that, but that was something for future Joshua to deal with. At the moment, his head was starting to ache and he wanted to be done with the whole night already. While he busied himself thinking about everything and nothing, Cheshire seemed to have made her way over to him and started rubbing herself against one of his legs.

"I hope someday you'll be able to actually explain to me what the hell you saw or felt to… decided to bring these two with us," He told the cat wearily. "Because I would really like an answer, girl," He added before sighing and leaning down to pet his familiar. "And also," Joshua mused, his eyes going to the broken terrarium where the snake probably had lived until that night. "you shouldn't have broken that if you wanted to bring it with us."

He almost laughed when Cheshire turned her head away from him, his mind taking it as the cat being embarrassed. He couldn't quite manage that though, with his mind as scattered as it felt. The night's events had taken its toll once again as his eyes unfocused.

Joshua remembered then, peaceful times. His mind flashing to before… his death, to memories of himself just reading or playing something. After that, it was moments such as his days at the cafe or just sitting in his apartment with Cheshire. 'How did everything become such a mess in just one night?' He asked himself.

He almost jumped when his familiar decided to press her head against his shin. Looking down at her, he sighed and leaned forward to start petting her. 'I really need to stop losing myself like that.'

Standing, Joshua focused his mind on anything but the deal he had just done with his… cat while also avoiding thinking about his near-death experience. Instead, he looked at the books on top of the desk. They were, to his annoyance, normal books. Or, at least, they seemed to be, since after opening them, he found that they were anything but normal. 'Wonder if all the books on the shelves also had fake covers,' He thought with his eyes almost sparkling at the idea.

His good mood soon vanished though, when he remembered what was to come.

"I guess I just need to check on the basement now," Joshua said out loud, hoping it would compel him to ignore the uneasiness that brought him. He didn't want to be there. Didn't want to see the pool of blood that was surely drying on the stops. Didn't want to stand in the room where he had almost died.

A meow snapped him out of it once again and he sighed.

"Let's get this over with," He mumbled under his breath.

Not long afterwards, he stood on the stairs, just above the pool of now drying blood left by the Hunter. Avoiding it wasn't easy. The red liquid seemed to have covered some more space since he had last seen it, leaving barely enough space for him to walk down without touching it. Maybe he was being stupid, contorting his body just to not step on the puddle. But he really didn't want to touch it.

Joshua grimaced through his inspection of the… tools the Hunter kept down there, pushing aside images of just what the madman could have used them for besides their mundane, intended application.

'Now, this… this is what I was looking for,' Joshua thought with a grin that threatened to split his face.

[Magic Revolver

Rank - E]

[Appraisal has gone up a level.]

'Wonder if I can see Rank E due to Appraisal being level 10 or if it's something else...' The young man thought as he dismissed the level up screen and focused on Appraisal's result. 'Some more information would be nice too...'

Setting it on the table, a good distance away from the spider's box, Joshua turned to continue searching, his mind barely able to stay away from his new weapon. 'An actual magical item,' He thought somewhat giddily. It was, at the very least, a nice distraction from what he had found so far in the house. It was also, however, not the last surprise for him.

[Wardstone

Rank - ?]

'Something to look into,' Joshua decided, blinking at the gem-like stones that he had found in a drawer. They varied in colors and sizes, but they were all roughly about the size of an apple. His mind was plagued with thoughts about what they could be used for and, probably more prominently, the new magical things that he would be able to do with them if he could actually find something in the Hunter's books. Those bright thoughts regarding fantasy-like spellcasting came crashing down quickly though. After all…

'I am in this situation because I jumped into casting magic,' A voice chided him in his head and he cringed and grimaced. The phantom feeling of rope and metal binding his flesh flashing through his brain. 'I'll be more careful this time...' He thought to himself.

Once he checked everything though, he stood there, in the middle of the basement. His hands resting on the edge of the table as his eyes stared at the revolver and the wardstones. He wasn't really looking at them though. Instead, he was in his head, his conscious being pulled from all directions.

The Hunter.

The Spider.

Cheshire.

The Kill.

The Snake.

The Magic.

The Items.

Everytime his mind seemed to be about to focus on something, one of the other thoughts pulled it away. Even his familiar couldn't snap him out of it this time, instead choosing to curl up on the table next to his hand. Absently, his finger started softly tracing her fur as his brain warred with everything that had happened in the last few hours.

"What… what am I supposed to do now?" He asked out loud, unsure. He had almost died and now… should he just go back to his normal routine? Go to work at the cafe like nothing had happened? That sounded all kinds of wrong in his head. Especially since he had killed someone. "I can't possibly just… go back… can I?"

Cheshire let out a drawn out meow and Joshua sighed. Not for the first time, he wished he could understand his pe- familiar. Still, he got the faintest idea that she was trying to just… be supportive. A corner of his mind wondered if that was the familiar bond or his half-insane mind making up stuff.

As his eyes drifted off her, the feline stubbornly pressed her head against his forearm, bringing his attention back to her. Another meow was added once she noticed that he was actually listening and he let out a small, weak smile. 'At least I'm not alone,' He thought and, for a split second, he remembered the days after he had woken up in that bathroom, with his family dead, no friends and no connection with the rest of his relatives. Alone.

Shaking his head, Joshua brought himself back to the present.

"One step at a time… sounds about right, doesn't it?" He mumbled, expecting some kind of reassurance from his companion. It was promptly given in the shape of yet another rubbing of the cat's head against his skin. His smile widened the smallest bit. "Ok… Guess I have to find out if time passed since I was… captured," He mused, forcing the last word out. "I can't just… vanish. I don't… want to, either, if I'm honest. Going back to work seems like something I should do even if… it feels weird… wrong."

Joshua thought back to the stories he had often read in his old life. Tales about normal people thrown into crazy situations. About heroes that, despite how unprepared they were to face the odds against them, rose to the occasion. Warriors that, one way or another, would always find in themselves the strength to keep going. Characters that would just go on with their lives no matter what.

He didn't feel like that.

Joshua was deathly afraid of the same happening again. He felt awfully unprepared to go out into the world now that he knew what could lay there waiting for him. He had no strength to speak of, even if he had a Gamer System, even if he had a weapon now. He had no doubt that an actual fighter that wasn't underestimating him or caught off guard would kill him with no problem whatsoever. And most importantly, he couldn't just shrug off what happened. He probably wouldn't in the future either.

'Yeah, no protagonist here,' He thought to himself wryly.

"Let's just… go upstairs, yeah? I don't want to be here right now… We can check on the… snake… too. Maybe eat something," The last thing he wanted was to eat though, he didn't know if he would be able to keep it down. "Maybe just tea," He decided. "And then we can-"

He was interrupted with a meow that drew his eyes back to Cheshire. The cat then tapped something with her paw. Joshua sighed, his attention brought to the small box on the table. The box that contained a very small but very dangerous spider. His blue eyes met with Cheshire's amber ones and he promptly sighed again.

"Fine," He agreed reluctantly. "Happy now?" He asked as his hand held onto the box. Without replying, his familiar jumped down from the table and walked in front of him towards the table. "Why do I put up with you?" He muttered under his breath, but he couldn't keep his lips from quirking up.

[}-o-{]​

"This is the kind of situation that one never thinks they'll be in, that one doesn't even consider, you know?" And it was a testament to how true it was that the question was aimed at a cat of all things. Joshua sat at a table in the house of a man that had tried to literally kill him with a spider. In front of him was a small glass cube with said spider inside, the webs were a mess, probably by the Hunter when he had taken the arachnid out. On his lap sat Cheshire, the cat herself, and on a corner of the room was the snake that he had seemingly created a bond with.

"I can't stop wondering," Joshua continued speaking to himself and to his familiar. 'And to my new pets too, I suppose,' He thought wryly. "When did my life come to this? I really can't stop asking myself that."

"And now I have to get back to the city. Peter is cool but I don't think he'll be too happy if I just… don't go to work," He thought his voice touched with disbelief, mostly at the fact that he could still be even slightly concerned at such a mundane thing. But the point stood, even with what had happened, and even with the knowledge that there was indeed crazy stuff that could happen in the world he now lived in, even with all that… he still needed money to live.

"What I wouldn't give for one of the Hunter's books to have a spell or something to get free food or something of the sort," Joshua mused out loud and Cheshire let out a meow that he took as a sort of 'yeah, that'd be nice'. He was past the point of being worried for his own sanity.

Then a thought struck him.

"How am I gonna get back to the city?"

Almost without thinking, he stood up from the chair and went to look outside. Maybe there would be a bike at least? The Hunter couldn't have just… walked around, could he? Or maybe he had moved through magic? That would suck since Joshua himself didn't know that magic yet and it probably would need circles to even be used without needing lots of energy.

Reaching the window, he saw only one thing outside. An old looking, tan colored car was the only thing outside, stationed in front of a shed-like building that looked like it had seen better days. That's not what his mind focused on though. No, his thoughts were, once again, sent into disarray as they strayed away from what he had been focused on.

Crash. Metal. Blood. Pale Faces.

Joshua knew how to drive a car. It had taken a painfully long time, but he did learn eventually. But… that was before he had been in the accident that changed his life, completely and irrevocably. The sight of the automovil was enough to make him feel faint and his blood ran cold.

He heard Cheshire meow, calling for his attention, but it sounded distant. Instead, he heard his mother and father speaking their last words to him once again. He felt something being pressed against him. His body was moved. He could almost feel the silence that followed.

Something pressing against his leg snapped him out of it and he looked down at his familiar once again. He didn't say anything, but he crouched and then rested his back against the wall, sitting on the ground and letting Cheshire curl up on his lap. He took a deep breath in and started petting her. He pushed away the thoughts that told him he needed to get to the city, urged by the light that was starting to show. The sunrise signaling that the night was over already.

Instead, he focused on calming down before thinking about any of that.

His eyes darted around, looking at everything and nothing in an effort to take his mind away from memories that were better left behind. And find something he did, although…

"I forgot you were there," Joshua said softly, his blue eyes locking with the snake's. The reptile just… lying there next to him, close enough that he could have reached with his arm and touched it, if barely. Definitely close enough that it could have extended its long neck and bitten him. "Guess you were right, eh, girl?" He told Cheshire, feeling like he should have been afraid or confused. But he had so much of both of those emotions that they were starting to become… muted.

He received only the normal meow in response.

"Anyway… Anyway, I should probably eat something… right?" Joshua asked, feeling more than a bit out of it. "Yeah. I… I didn't sleep much last night, if I skip breakfast… I'll faint on the work or something. Yeah..."

And with that, he set Cheshire on his side and stood up, his eyes unconsciously locking on the serpent next to him, which didn't even twitch at his movement. Shaking that out of his mind he went into the Hunter's kitchen and looked around. 'I don't really feel like eating though,' He thought with a grimace, getting flashed of the Hunter's bloody remains everytime he even considered anything to eat.

"Just some tea..." Joshua whispered, praying internally that the beverage would have the usual effect and help him calm down.

In the end, even as he drank the overly sweet drink just as he liked it… It didn't help much. Although, if he was being honest, he was just happy that he hadn't immediately thrown up after the first few sips. He didn't even feel like he would at all, which was a very big win in his book. His eyes then moved to the side.

"I don't know why I'm not more disgusted by this," Joshua mused out loud, looking at that plastic container filled with dead crickets. It hadn't taken long for him to guess for what they were. Next to it sat another one, that held a solitary, very dead rat. With a grimace, he took another sip from his half-empty cup. "The things I do for you, Cheshire."

His familiar let out a soft purring sound as she rubbed herself against his leg.

Joshua let out a long sigh before he took his tea and quickly drank what was left of it. Then, visibly gathering his courage, he opened both plastic containers, picking up the rat by its tail, he steadied his breathing as he walked towards the other side of the room and placed the dead rodent on the floor, close to the snake.

"Enjoy," He muttered, his voice shaky, just like his hands. Walking back to the table, he took one of the crickets and quickly threw it inside the glass cage of the spider before closing it again. Sighing again, he sat back down and looked, half curious and half disturbed as the arachnid slowly approached its… food. "Enjoy you too, I guess," He whispered, more to himself than to the deadly creature.

His eyes moved again, and caught the sight of the snake that was half-way through… gulping the rat that he had given it. Joshua then remembered seeing snakes feeding on documentals and such. It was quite a bit different to watch it with his own two eyes instead of on the TV.

[Bond Unlocked: Spider]

'Of fucking course,' Joshua thought as he looked at the new screen. 'Because why the fucking hell wouldn't this happen, right?'

That wasn't, however, the biggest surprise in store for him at that moment. No, that dubious honor went to the bright light that appeared right in the middle of the table, then and there. It slowly, very slowly dimmed until there was only one thing left. A small, crystal-like lotus right where the light had appeared. When Joshua leaned closer to take a look with a disturbed expression, he noticed that it had a small chain attached to it.

"What the actual fuck?" He asked out loud, and Cheshire, this time, responded with an equally confused meow. Even the snake, still in its corner, had drawn up threateningly and hissed. It looked at the… thing, instead of at him, Joshua noticed with some interest.

It took the young man a second to remember that he had a skill just for a moment like this.

[Charm of ####

Rank - ?]

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I want to say real quick that, if you think that the chapter is a bit all over the place that is pretty much how it actually is. I also want to say that I like that it came out like that too, because that's exactly how I imagine Joshua's mind is at the moment. Now, I understand if some people aren't a fan of this chapter for that reason or for some other, like the addition of the two bonds for Joshua. However, I really really like how this turned out, and that's very rare, so I'll say fuck it and publish it like it is. I don't write nearly enough chapters that I actually think are decently written to turn down one that actually feels like it is.

Random Question: Will our boy, Joshua, lose his job at the cafe? Or will he quit it? Or will he keep it? Keep in mind that this question is for what you think will happen, not what you want to happen.

See you.

Important Note! I wanna add a thank you to everyone that's welcoming me to QQ. I really appreciate it, guys.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:MasterDrakus, GMAN1701, Asdercol and 454 others
Adrian King
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 7 - Back to Life New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#31
Back to Life

"I don't think I can do this, girl," Joshua mumbled as he sat stiffly on the driver's seat of the Hunter's car. Cheshire, meanwhile, had taken her place on the passenger's seat because the young man knew he wouldn't be able to drive without a calming presence. Evidently, he was right, since he couldn't bring himself to drive with one.

With a groan, he leaned forward, resting his forehead against the steering wheel. 'And I don't even have my phone to try and excuse my absence with Peter,' Joshua thought annoyed. It was surreal, in a way. To be worried about something as normal as a job in a cafe when barely hours ago his life had been in danger. 'Maybe I'm focusing on the mundane things to avoid everything else.'

The Hunter.

The Spider.

The Snake.

The Items.

The Charm.

'Yeah… lots of things to try and ignore,' He thought wryly. Not all of them were bad, really. The items and books he had found were great. They would help him a long way with his plans to improve his magic and maybe his chances of survival should someone like the Hunter come for him.

The animals weren't all that bad either, really. Despite the spider almost becoming his executor, it wasn't like the arachnid had been in more control of the situation than he had been. 'I still can't believe a Bond formed with a fucking spider of all things though,' Joshua mused with another groan. A cat made some sense, in his mind at least. A snake… was a bit of a stretch, but not too much… maybe. But a spider? That was pushing it a little too much. Still, the Bond was there, and it had started to be a reassurance, just like it had been with Cheshire.

The Charm… Joshua didn't even want to think about it, if he was honest with himself. He didn't even know what to think about it either. It could be a bad thing or a good thing, but he wouldn't know, since Appraisal didn't tell him anything besides it being a Charm. The young man didn't even have the slightest clue what the 'of ####' could be. The censored part could be someone or something or even someplace. It was more confusing than anything else. Even Cheshire didn't know what to do with the thing, when he asked for her opinion. So he left the thing lying on the center of the table where it had appeared and resolved to not touch it until he had more information. And even that could be dangerous, for all he knew.

"Fuck. This is why I didn't want to think about these," Joshua groaned for the third time. Cheshire apparently decided, at that moment, that if he wasn't going to actually drive, she would sit on his lap. And he was, if he was honest with himself, quite glad that she did. Her mere presence was calming, but when she rubbed herself against him or when she sat on him she was even more so. 'Kind of like a security blanket,' He thought with a grin as he started petting the cat.

Deciding to push supernatural things out of his mind again, Joshua focused on his more immediate and mundane problem. His job. He might be unable to go, even if he wanted to. He also couldn't call either. The Hunter had a phone, obviously, but Joshua didn't have Peter's number memorized which made that phone useless. There was also the chance that he could bullshit his way through the absence for a day, but that was only if he could get back to the city the day after, which wasn't a guarantee.

"Damn, I liked that job," Joshua complained lightly with a bitter smile, his eyes looking down at Cheshire's. "It was… calm… and not as stressful as I thought dealing with people would be."

His familiar let out a soft purr as he continued petting her.

"And it was… normal… but I guess that word hasn't applied to me for a while, has it?" He continued his musings. "But… I can't just… leave, can it? I have to work somewhere, to get money for food and such. I need to… right?"

Cheshire decided then to put her paws on his chest and rub her head against his chin. Joshua, for his part, smiled weakly.

"I… Am I just… clinging to my normal life?" He asked then. This time, the meow he received almost had meaning in his ears. 'Yes, but that's fine,' He could almost hear. And while it would have been nice to have so good an understanding with his familiar, he was sure it was his own mind telling him that.

"What should I do then?" He asked and, this time, neither his familiar nor his mind had an answer. Then followed the silence. And with the silence came the voice. The Hunter, whispering things in his ear. He felt his hands dirty, even if he knew they were perfectly clean.

Joshua smacked his head against the steering wheel while Cheshire let out a surprised noise.

"Fuck it all," The young man growled as he tried to disperse the voice in his head. Then, he leaned back and looked at his hands, they were clean. He knew they were.

He took a deep breath in and closed his eyes.

"Fuck it all," Joshua repeated, not even sure why he was even saying that. "He tried to kill me," He said then, and nodded, as if he was making a point and conceding it himself. "The accident wasn't my fault. It wasn't anyone's fault as far as I'm aware," He continued with another nod. "It was bad luck. Just that."

"Cheshire," He said then, looking down at his familiar, who was staring at him with her amber eyes. "Stay on my lap, would you, girl?" He asked, pleading to her. She gave a meow that he knew was affirmative and he nodded again.

One of his hands moved to the wheel and the other towards the car keys he had found hanging next to the front door. Steeling himself, he kept his breathing long and steady. His mind conjured the memories of his parent's lessons and he followed, as if they had been there with him, whispering the instructions.

Then, Joshua turned the car on.

[}-o-{]​

"I can't believe I managed to get here," Joshua said as he sat in a park near the cafe. He still had a few minutes before he had to get to work since he had left very early and the Hunter's house wasn't quite as far as it would seem. It was just outside the city, actually. Something that Joshua was quite grateful for since it allowed him to get to his apartment, shower and change clothes.

He still felt faint though, after having to drive. Joshua was in awe of the fact that he had managed to drive at all, let alone drive well. But he wouldn't look into that too much and so he had spent the last half an hour or so calming himself and also psyching himself for a day of work were he would have to try and act as normal as possible, all while remembering what had gone on through the night and the memories brought up by the trip in the car. Not to mention the thing that had almost given him a heart attack.

[Piloting

Car - Lvl 1/50

Determines the user's ability to pilot a car.]

'I really would have preferred it if this appeared after stopping the car, and not in the middle of the road,' He grumbled to himself before turning to his companion.

"How I wish you could come with me, girl," He told Cheshire, who probably would have to stay outside the cafe until he was done with work. Steeling his resolve for what seemed the hundredth time that day, Joshua made his way to the cafe.

"You look like shit," Was the first thing Peter told him once he walked through the doors.

"I feel like shit," Joshua admitted easily with a grimace. "I… didn't have a good night," 'Understatement of the century,' He added in his mind.

"Hmmm..." The owner hummed as he looked at the young man thoughtfully. Joshua felt himself grown worried under the man's stare. "You'll stick to the kitchen, we can't have you wait tables with that face."

"Thanks, Peter. I don't think I could have done that anyway."

"Just make sure the food is still good and we are fine, Joshua."

'I still have the job,' He thought with a small smile.

The rest of the day went… surprisingly well for the young man. He prepared orders and stayed out of people's sight. The first helped him keep his mind occupied while the second made it so that he didn't need to force a smile on his face.

Eventually, he found himself making his way back to the apartment.

"So, we make our way back and I'll check on those books I found," He told Cheshire as he walked, the slightest bit of cheer entering his voice. He blinked as the cat stopped and stared at him. "Something the matter, girl?" He received a meow in return that he couldn't quite understand. "Am I forgetting something?" He asked and blinked again as his familiar turned and made her way… somewhere.

In silence, Joshua followed, because there was no reason not to and because he trusted Cheshire. That is, until he saw where she went. Until he saw the cat come to a stop next to the Hunter's car. Then, he knew exactly what Cheshire wanted.

"Cheshire, please," He pleaded, but it was for naught. The feline stared back stubbornly. His blue eyes went to the car once more and he felt dread start building up inside him again. Then his gaze moved back to his familiar. They looked at one another until, eventually, one gave up. "I'm really going insane," Joshua muttered under his breath as he pulled the key that he had kept in his pocket. He smiled bitterly at the small object, his mind telling him that he had kept it because he had seen this coming. That he was just in denial.

It was probably right.

"Guess we are making a stop to buy a terrarium," He said with a deadpan expression. This time, the cat pointedly avoided making eye contact with him. It was a small victory, but he would take what he could.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua almost suffered a heart attack when, opening the door to the Hunter's house, he almost stepped on the Snake. It had been lying right there, in front of the entrance and he had been understandably distracted by the fact that he was willingly coming into the house of his would-be murderer. His mind had been elsewhere. So much so, that he had forgotten that there was a snake slithering freely around the house, even if in his pocket he had a card with a terrarion stored in for that exact animal.

Stopping his walk right there and then, Joshua stared into the reptile's beady eyes for a second. He took a deep breath in, and made his way around the Snake, slowly and with no small amount of fear. His only reassurance was a Lvl 1 Bond, so he felt his fear was very much justified.

"We've got a new terrarium for you," He said, although he wasn't sure why he was talking with the Snake. Granted, he talked with Cheshire a lot, even before she became his familiar. But talking with a cat was less weird than talking with a snake...

Right?

'God, I need human friends,' Joshua thought to himself with a groan.

"How are you doing?" He asked, his tone resigned as he sat at the table and looked at the small glass box that held the Spider. Resting his elbow on the table, he put his forehead on his palm, fingers through his hair, and side-eyed the arachnid.

Distractedly, he pulled out his phone that he had picked up from his apartment when he changed clothes. Like he had done his research before to see if he could find what world he was in, he tried this time to find what particular spider this one was. It became, however, very obvious once he actually took a moment to look at it.

A Black Widow.

'Because of course it's a Black Widow, why wouldn't it be?' Joshua thought to himself. He then looked towards the Snake. That one he didn't recognize, although he didn't know the name of many snakes to begin with. It wasn't a cobra, he knew that much already. And it probably wasn't a constrictor type of snake, since he thought those were supposed to be big. 'Although, that might be wrong, I really don't know.'

And so the search continued. Joshua ignored the reptile creeping its way towards him as he continued reading through pages and pages of snake species. Out of curiosity, he looked up one of the few snakes he did know the name of, even if he thought it was hardly probable that it would be that one. His blood ran cold as he looked at the information before him. 'The mad bastard didn't... ' He trailed off then, since the man totally could have. 'What are the chances…?'

'Coffin-shaped head,' He read, his eyes moving from the phone to the animal in question. 'Length typically ranges from 2 to 3 m (6 ft 7 in to 9 ft 10 in),' He recalled then the length he had seen it have while it slithered on the floor. 'Color varies between olive, yellowish-brown, khaki and gunmetal, rarely black,' He looked at it again, noting the shade of gray that it was, with a bluish purple tinge. '...greyish-white underbellies...' Another check. '...eyes range between greyish-brown and shades of black.'

Everything fit. There was only one detail that he hadn't seen yet, and he wasn't keen on checking that. 'I don't even know if I want to confirm that,' Joshua thought to himself. 'What are the fucking chances…?'

"I really don't feel like dealing with this right now," Joshua groaned. His eyes moved towards the Black Widow. 'I found this by chance, you see.' He remembered the Hunter saying. "I'm sure you thought it was fucking hilarious, didn't you?" The young man asked, as if the dead man could hear him.

Almost grudgingly, he also searched how often he should feed his new… pets, or whatever. Joshua didn't even know what to call them. Then, he paused. 'On that note...'

"Your name will be Morag," He designed after a moment of thought, his eyes on the Spider. A small smile on his face at the reference. "And you'll be Nagini," He said to the Snake. Then, he hummed, pleased with himself. With that out of the way, he turned back to the phone to-

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

Joshua paused and then sighed, a tired expression taking over his face. 'Wonder why with the Snake and not the Spider though,' A corner of his mind mused. 'Maybe it's easier to bond with a snake over a spider? Will her progress be slower than Cheshires because it would be easier with a cat over a snake? Is it something completely different?' Ultimately, he didn't even know why he bothered making the questions, since he knew there wouldn't be an answer.

With another sigh, he continued what he was doing, actively pushing thoughts about the Bonds away. That way laid madness. 'Although,' Joshua thought, his eyes darting towards the snake that lay almost next to his feet. 'I'm not the picture of sanity anyway...'

[}-o-{]​

Joshua's perception of time during the following week was weird.

While on his job, it seemed to fly. His mind disconnected as he went through now very familiar motions. After the first few days, Peter had him back to waiting tables too, which actually cheered him up more than he thought it would. If nothing else, it was good to be able to interact with actual people instead of the three animals he had back at home.

While at the Hunter's house, where he returned for the first few days to get everything he could possibly need or find a use for in his Storage notebook. The Charm, however, had been placed separately on its own card and then taken out on a shelf at his apartment. He had left it there to be checked at a later date with Appraisal.

Once that was done, Joshua did his best to clean the whole place so that there was as little evidence of his presence left there as possible. He was pretty sure nobody would be able to track him, through mundane ways, at least. He had even made sure to never leave the car anywhere near his place or the cafe, just in case. Magic means were another thing altogether, but he didn't know where to even begin to avoid those, so he left it as it was and prayed for the best.

In his apartment, time was… even more weird. Sometimes, time would fly as he read through the Hunter's books, reminding him of his time studying the Storage Spell. Sometimes, it would slow down to a crawl as his mind decided to relieve one of the two particularly unpleasant days of his life. The day he died and the day he almost died again. Others it would seem to stop as he tried to take in how much his life had changed.

Morag and Nagini were the two that most often got that last reaction from him. Moving the spider to the apartment had been easy. Moving the snake less so, but he had managed to get it into a bag and from there it had been much easier. The process of getting it in and out though, left Joshua wondering how many years of his life he had lost.

The new additions to his strange… family of sorts, had also accentuated his need to move to another apartment. After all, he had gotten the one he used at the moment with the thought of living alone, and now he had a cat, a spider and a snake to accommodate too. The latter two didn't occupy much space, especially Morag, but the terrariums they lived in did. So, he was in dire need of more space.

'Having a desk or something to study the books would help too,' Joshua mused as he checked only for places to live. He needed them to be relatively close to the area he was in too, since he wanted to keep his current job. It didn't help matters that his income wasn't… the best. But between a smaller place or trying to get a better job, he preferred the first. He had grown fond of the little cafe and he didn't want to leave it.

With a sigh, he turned off his phone and decided to do something else. 'Looking for a place is a pain in the ass,' He decided. It was something that he had thought he had been done with after getting the apartment he currently had. An annoyance that he thought he wouldn't have to go through until a good deal of time. As it was, he had only been spared a month.

Intent on distracting himself while also being productive. He took one of the Hunter's books and opened it. 'Another on Warding Magic, huh?' Joshua had found it slightly entertaining to not use Appraisal on the books before opening them. Not knowing what was inside was kind of amusing. So far, he had opened three that explained either theory or practice of Warding Magic. He hadn't gotten a skill yet, since he hadn't gone very far in any of them, but it was a matter of time. He wanted to have an idea of what his options were before choosing to focus on anything.

Another book he had opened seemed to be some sort of Greek Mythology encyclopedia. It had been an interesting read, not only because he was a fan of that, but also because it meant that Greek Mythology was, most probably, real. Not a great shocker, considering that he was in a world with magic, but interesting nonetheless. Joshua had to wonder what other myths were real in the world he now lived in.

He had also quickly skimmed over one which explained the magical qualities of plants, many of which were completely normal ones Joshua knew with a few that were clearly magical in nature. The book went in depth explaining the effects some could have in rituals, potions and other similar branches of magic. It even detailed their symbolic meaning and such things.

None of those things were things Joshua absolutely needed though. No, he would have much prefered something offensive that he could use if he got into trouble again… or when he got into trouble again. Preferably something that didn't have the risk of leaving him unconscious or worse, if at all possible.

Turning page after page, barely reading the titles and a word or two in each to see if something caught his eye, he raised the cup of coffee he had on his side to take a sip. Joshua almost choked on his drink as his eyes zeroed on a specific word in one of the pages. 'Concealing Ward,' He read and quickly gulped the beverage, set the cup back down and started reading from the beginning.

'Thank God that it's Friday night today,' Joshua thought to himself as he took in that particular Ward's information. A spell designed to hide a place from outside detection, apparently. Going over more and more of the book pages, he found that what it hid could be set by the caster at will. If one had enough knowledge in the branch to tweak the spell's circle, that is. From simply hiding magic presence, to hiding magic usage, to hiding everything if one was good enough.

"I think I found what I'm going to study now, girl," Joshua muttered, his eyes glued to the book while his fingers ran slowly over Cheshire's fur. The cat that sat on the table next to him purred something and a smile took shape on his face. He blinked when he felt the cat tense under his hand.

Looking at her, he saw Cheshire was staring straight at something. Following her gaze, he saw the bigger terrarium that held Nagini. He was almost afraid to ask, but he knew he had to.

"Something the matter… with Nagini?" Joshua asked, unsure if he actually wanted an answer.

He got one all the same, as his familiar stood up and made her way over to the terrarium. Once next to it, the cat pantomimed pushing the top off. Joshua simply looked at her with a grimace before sighing.

"So, Nagini wants to get out of there?" He asked, praying internally that he would receive a negative answer. His prayers, once more, went unanswered as the cat replied with a very clearly positive meow. 'I wish I had a harder time picking up on her meaning,' Joshua thought to himself as he walked over to the glass box.

"Don't bite me, please," He said as he took off and opened the top of the terrarium. He knew it was a useless effort to do so though. After all, what were the chances of the snake actually picking up on what he meant? Bond was too low level for him to think that it would work.

Quickly, he went back to the table to continue his reading. The last thing Joshua wanted to do was stand next to where the snake was. Once at the table, he caught sight of the grey serpent slithering her way out of the glass box with no small amount of unease, even if he knew he was relatively safe.

Relatively was the key word there, as far as he was concerned.

With another sigh, he turned his eyes back to the book. 'I really need to set one of these wards up here… although I'll probably have to move anyway. Someone else might have already picked up on this location,' He thought to himself as he continued his studies.

There were three requirements to setting up a Ward, he read. One was the knowledge and circle, just like with all other magic. The other was magical energy, which was also something it shared with the spell he already knew. The third though, was something that was probably more type-specific, a Wardstone.

Joshua had to stop and wonder if the stones were exclusively used for Ward Magic. It didn't make much sense to him that they would, but it was in their name so… 'With any luck, there will be a book specifically speaking about the Wardstones,' He thought while shaking his head and focusing on the task at hand. He could let his mind wonder once he was protected from outside dangers. 'There are different types of Wardstones?' He blinked at the passage that said the Concealing Ward needed a Special Type Wardstone, whatever that was supposed to be.

'Ok… I'll need to increase the level of Appraisal to distinguish one type from another...' He noted mentally, since the skill hadn't been able to pick up on anything about the Wardstones besides what they were. That was bad, since he had already been using the Skill on anything that he could excluding the books. After all, he needed the skill to get better.

With yet another sigh, he started his mental list of things to work on for the time being. 'Walk outside using Appraisal on everything and everyone,' He put in first place, since he couldn't do anything without knowing which of the stones he had was Special and which wasn't… 'Scratch that, search to see if there's a book that explains Wardstones,' He added before that. After all, even if his Skill couldn't tell the difference, he could learn it like a normal person… hopefully.

'After that,' He continued, taking a notebook that was laid on the table and deciding to have the list in physical form, just in case. 'learn the Concealing Ward and cast it on the apartment.'

'Step Three, look for a new place and have it magically hidden too,' He noted down. 'Step Four, look for other Wards that might be useful to cast at new locations and do so if there are any. Step Five, learn how to use the Magical Revolver, continue training, especially with Dagger Mastery and Weapon Throwing Mastery.'

Stopping there, he started tapping the paper with the tip of his pencil as he tried to think of anything else. His mind froze though, when he felt something wrap around his left ankle. Looking down, he found exactly what he didn't want to see.

Nagini, coiling around his leg and seemingly trying to creep up.

His eyes moved to the side and looked at his familiar. "Girl?" Joshua asked, unsure of exactly what he expected from the cat. Still, his familiar answered with a soft meow and pushed her head against his arm. Taking a deep breath in, the young man tried to keep his mind away from the snake that was now coiling around his abdomen under his shirt...

'This is your life now, Joshua. Better get used to it,' He thought to himself with a wry smile.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm enjoying writing this story a lot. Mainly because when I'm done with a chapter, I don't feel like I'm doing things wrong.

Originally, I was going to have the Hunter have books on some battle magic. Not sure which I would have gone for, but I would have probably thrown a bunch on a randomizer and see what came out. But, just like with Morag, the Spider, that changed when I was building up the Hunter's character. Mainly about how he could have picked up on Joshua's magic (and all his other victim's). And I decided that Ward Magic was cool enough.

Random Question: I'm gonna blatantly use this question to pick your brains, guys. Do you have any Ward Spell ideas? I have a bunch, but it wouldn't be the first time a reader can come up with something that I didn't.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:MasterDrakus, GMAN1701, Dragonace111 and 422 others
Adrian King
Jun 30, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 8 - Not Alone New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#34
Not Alone

"Much better than expected, right?" Joshua asked Cheshire once he took a look around his new apartment.

He had ended up finding a place before either how to distinguish Wardstones or learning the Concealing Ward. Why? Because he had commented to Peter, the manager at the cafe, that he would be looking for a new place soon. Unbeknownst to the developing magician, that had ended up with the older man finding him a place with a more than reasonable price. Something about a friend he had heard.

He hadn't paid much attention after hearing the number, if he was honest.

Granted, it was so cheap for a reason. There was a club practically next door that would be very loud throughout the night, but that didn't worry Joshua too much. In his studies, he had found something about a soundproofing ward that he could use for that. The apartment also had a very shitty view out of the window, which he didn't care about in the least. The surrounding area was also less than ideal for any normal person, since it was supposed to be quite dangerous.

To him, with his stats being probably higher than average and with Cheshire the superpowered cat always close by? He didn't fear being mugged. Although he supposed a gun would be just as dangerous to him, he should be able to deal with it relatively fine or, in the worst case, survive the encounter. Mundane threats didn't scare as much once he was aware that there were magical ones, he supposed.

Back to the apartment itself though, it was the best he could have gotten, as far as Joshua was aware. It had three bedrooms. Admittedly none were too big, but he was fine with just a bed, a nightstand and enough place for his clothes. One of the others he already had plans to turn into a sort of study that would also hold the terrariums of his new pets. The third, he still didn't know what to do with, but he was sure to come across something that he would need space for. Either that, or Cheshire would decide to adopt something else.

He really hoped that the last one wouldn't come to pass though.

Although he was glad that he could skip one of his Ward setting plans, the fact that he couldn't quite cast the things yet was an inconvenience right then and there. After all, he couldn't risk giving away his new location, which meant not casting magic. Which meant that his Storage Spell was out of the question.

He already regretted using the spell a bunch while moving stuff from the Hunter's house to his old apartment. Joshua blamed that entirely on how scattered his mind had been after his kidnapping. Since then, he had actively avoided casting anything. With any luck, if there was someone that had picked up on that, they would think he left or something since it hadn't happened again. He hoped, at least.

All this meant that, while he could put everything inside his Storage Book since he was leaving, he couldn't pull the things out until he cast the Ward. At least all the storing had increased both his Spell level and the Spatial Magic level twice for the first one and once for the second. Still, without being able to use the spell again in his new location, there were things that he needed to move himself the old fashioned way.

And that was a big problem when it came to Nagini's and Morag's living spaces. Everything else could either be stored and pulled out after setting the Ward or moved physically without much trouble, but those were a bit more troublesome. Even the mysterious Charm hadn't given Joshua too much trouble despite his reticence of touching it but also not wanting to leave it in a storage spell. Joshua had put it into a card and then let it fall inside a little box he used to move it without touching it.

All this meant that with his moving already underway, Joshua really needed to get a hang on his new magic project.

That meant throwing his little game of 'guess the book' out the window and casting Appraisal at all the books he had gotten from the Hunter's house. He had been surprised that some of them seemed to actually be mundane in nature. Half of them were, actually, which was also more than a little bit disappointing. However, he could find use for those too, he supposed. Most of the Hunter's actual magical books were regarding Warding, with the rest being encyclopedias and such from one mythology or another.

Joshua hadn't quite managed to look at all of them quite yet, but he had found the Wardstone book he was looking for, and that was enough for the moment. That and all the Warding ones he already had were all he needed for the time being. Even with those already in hand, he needed more time to get the Spell to work. Time he didn't really have, since every second spent without moving meant more danger of someone like the Hunter coming for him. And now that he had found a place, he didn't want to risk it more than was absolutely necessary.

So, with that in mind, he set the terrariums inside boxes and moved them himself. He had, fortunately, been able to pass them off as lighter than they actually were whenever someone asked, since he seemed to be stronger than the average person now. And so, there he was, standing in a half-empty apartment with his cat next to him and his spider and snake pets looking at him from out of their glass-walled homes.

His familiar, which instead seemed to have been looking around, turned to him and let out what he took as an approving meow. Joshua grinned down at her before sighing and cracking his neck. He needed to go back to studying. He wanted those Wards set as soon as possible.

He was pretty sure he could identify a Special Type Wardstone by himself, but he wanted to finish the book before risking it. He had what he thought was a very healthy amount of respect for the magical arts. Especially after reading about how setting wards with the wrong type of Wardstone tended to go boom.

"Nagini, do you want out? I won't let you out after I've started with my things," He asked, although he wasn't sure if he actually expected an answer. After all, he hadn't quite gotten to have one of the pseudo-conversations he had with Cheshire with either the snake or the spider. But he still talked to them, kind of like how he had before he had any sort of understanding with the cat herself.

Surprisingly, once he walked up to the snake's terrarium and put his hands on the sides, the serpent rose up and touched the top of it with her head. Taking that as a cue, he opened the glass cage and let the snake slither out. Joshua was rather proud of no longer showing his nervousness externally. He still felt on edge whenever the snake was free and nearby, but he didn't show it. Progress was being made.

He chuckled lightly when the snake let out a hissing sound. It probably was just a random sound, but he amused himself thinking it was a 'thank you'. He nodded, still laughing to himself.

"No problem, girl," He 'replied', turning around to take a seat and start studying once more.

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

He paused at that, taking a deep breath in and letting it out as a sigh.

[}-o-{]​

[Skill Unlocked: Ward Magic]

[Spell List Unlocked: Ward Magic]

[Spell Unlocked: Concealing Ward]

'Finally,' Joshua thought with a wide grin and a tired sigh. Absently, he picked up the cup of coffee he had next to the book, his eyes glued to the blue screen. Then, with just a thought, he dismissed those and called for the actual skill and spell screens.

[Ward Magic – Lvl 1/100

Determines the user's ability to utilize Ward Magic.

Increases affected area while utilizing Ward Magic by 1%.

Increases magic potency while utilizing Ward Magic by 0.5%.

Ward Spells: 1]

'The first effect can be troublesome,' Joshua thought with a frown. 'What if I want it to have a smaller area or to be just the size it's supposed to be? Will the effect still take place or it won't according to my desires?' He really hoped it would be that last one. Then, he called for the actual spell and blinked repeatedly.

[Concealing Ward - Lvl 1/50

A Special Ward Spell which the user can cast to hide presences inside an area of their choosing.

Requires a Wardstone of Special Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - F to ∞

Consumption without circle - D to ∞]

'Up to infinite consumption with either, huh?' Joshua mused, impressed but not really surprised. He had read repeatedly that one of the factors that determined the effectiveness of Wards was how much energy was put into them, which explained why he could pour into it as much as he wanted. The only problem was having the energy to reach such heights, which would be nigh impossible.

Though, after reading the whole thing again, he frowned. 'Again with the increased Area? Bigger isn't always better, damnit,' He grumbled internally. 'I have to look for a way to make wards specifically the size I want them to be or I'll have a problem. I don't want to put a Concealing Ward over the city, just my fucking apartment,' He thought to himself.

Then he sighed, preparing himself for what was essentially a search for the piece of information he needed through the Ward Theory books and then more studying.

"I thought I was done studying when I finished school, but here I am, huh? Not even magic gets rid of this pain in the ass," He grumbled to himself, earning what he was sure was an amused meow from Cheshire. "Yeah, laugh it up. I'll buy you standard cat food, let's see how you like that," Instantly, the cat straightened up and glared at him. "Not so smug now, are you?" Joshua smirked.

A hiss from the side distracted him as he turned to look at the gunmetal snake coiled against the wall. Staring into those beady black eyes still sent chills down his spine sometimes, but he was getting used to that. It was much better than when Nagini decided that he was a nice place to rest on. Probably because of the warmth of his body or something of the sort, he guessed.

"Need something, Nagini?" He asked, although he was sure that she wanted something to eat. It was the only reason he could think of for her to call for his attention. Otherwise, the snake usually did and went wherever she wanted.

Still, despite not expecting one, he got a response. Yet another hiss, but this time with the serpent opening her mouth at him. He blinked and let out a self-deprecating smile. 'I knew it… Why did I expect differently?' He wondered as he noted the final detail that sealed the deal for what species of snake Nagini was. 'A Black Mamba. Because why not, right? Did the Hunter have something for black themed animals?'

With a sigh, Joshua turned towards Cheshire.

"Girl, would you?"

The cat tilted her head to the side, as if thinking it over. Unaffected, he raised an eyebrow at her. After all, it had been her idea to bring the snake and the spider. The least she could do was secure the food for at least one of them. He could buy crickets for Morag in a pet shop, but buying animals to feed a snake was a slightly different matter. So, he had started asking Cheshire to hunt down food for Nagini. It wasn't much of a problem, fortunately, since she didn't need to eat often.

With a slight huff, the cat stood up and made her way towards the open window and jumped out. It was one of the reasons why he liked his new apartment so much too. Cheshire could make her way outside by herself through the window, which meant that he didn't need to take her out himself like she was a dog.

Looking towards the piles of books about Wards he had on the side of his desk, Joshua sighed tiredly. He thought he was done with them already and now he found out he had to continue on that path. It was a bit disheartening, really. 'I'll come back to this in a second,' He thought as he leaned back and massaged his tired eyes.

With another sigh, he stood up and stretched a bit his cramped muscles. Sitting at the desk hunched over a book was a lot less fun when the book wasn't entertaining. He once again lamented the fact that reading magic books wasn't as fun as reading fantasy books was. Maybe it had been naive of him to expect that though.

Lazily, he walked towards the terrariums, ignoring the bigger, empty one and looking inside Morag's instead. The black spider wasn't moving, although, to be fair, she didn't move much besides when she was dealing with a meal. Still, those times were interesting nonetheless. Same as watching Nagini eating. It was much better than watching the animals in documentaries, that was for sure.

However, he often found himself wondering…

"How would I go about raising Bond with you, little girl?" He mumbled out loud, getting a twitch of Morag's legs as the only sign that she had heard him. Then, he blinked slowly.

'I didn't use Appraisal in either of them, did I?' He thought to himself as he stood up and his eyes darted between the snake and the spider. 'How did I know that they were female?'

The question stayed in his mind for a while as he simply stood there and watched his pets. Eventually, he was broken from that stunned state by the arrival of Cheshire carrying a bird in her mouth. The cat strutted her way towards Nagini and laid her prey for the serpent without a care for the danger she represented.

Joshua, meanwhile, shook his head and decided that it was better late than never. With but a thought, he cast Appraisal on Nagini first.

[Nagini

Title: None

Race: Snake

Gender: Female

Strength: F

Speed: F

Dexterity: F+

Vitality: F

Perception: F+

Magic: -

Perks: 2

Skills: 1]

Taking the notebook he had used to note down Cheshire's new stats and skills, he wrote down his new pet's information. After all, what was to say that she wouldn't turn into a familiar just like the cat had. 'I wonder why I didn't think of this before,' He thought to himself. 'Then again, I had more pressing matters to deal with, like moving and learning the Ward Magic.'

'Only one skill, huh?' He noted.

[Venomous Bite – Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to damage a target with the venom in their bite.]

'Expected… although I thought it would be higher level,' He mused as he looked at the skill. 'Although, it's a mundane snake. A dangerous one, but still mundane. I guess that makes its venom still be level 1. Although… Cheshire's skills were also level 1 at the start. Does the System affect them once they get into contact with me? Beyond Bond's effect?'

Noting those questions down on a different page, he called for Nagini's Perks.

[Cold Blooded

Increases the user's resistance to heat.

Reduces the user's resistance to cold.]

[Heat Perception

The user can sense the heat of other beings or things.]

'No surprises here. Although, Cold Blooded's effect sounds really nice in the right situation,' He nodded. Then, he turned towards Morag.

[Morag

Title: None

Race: Spider

Gender: Female

Strength: F-

Speed: F-

Dexterity: F-

Vitality: F-

Perception: F

Magic: -

Perks: 1

Skills: 2]

'Lower everything. Although, considering that she's so small and fragile, it's no surprise. I'm actually surprised she isn't a letter or two lower than Nagini,' Nodding as he wrote down the last bit, he called for the spider's Perk.

[Spinneret

The user can produce silk.]

'This has to be the shortest screen I have seen so far,' Joshua thought as he blinked at it. Then, he frowned. 'Why does it note the silk production but not the venom? What's different between the two?' Shaking his head with a sigh, he called for the Skills.

[Venomous Bite – Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to damage a target with the venom in their bite.]

[Silk Weaving - Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to work with silk.]

'No surprises, once again.' He thought. He turned his head as he heard Cheshire give a little call.

"Something the matter, girl?" Joshua asked. The only response he got was the cat rubbing her head against his arm. With a smile, he started absently petting her while looking at the screens he had pulled and the animals themselves.

'There's also the question about why I can see their complete screens but everyone else only has a rank,' Joshua mused curiously. However, it wasn't the first time he came up with a question he couldn't answer, and it probably wouldn't be the last. As such, he just pushed the question to the side.

[Appraisal has gone up a level.]

'Well, that's good,' He smiled weakly before his eyes moved back to the books. Taking a deep breath in, as if gathering the energy he would need, he picked up one of the Warding Theory books and moved towards his seat.

"Back to studying for me, I guess," Joshua mumbled as he took his seat once more. With any luck, he would be ready by the weekend. After all, he needed to use as much energy to power the Ward as he could manage, and that meant he would use all of it, just like the first time he used the Storage Spell, until he passed out. There was no way he was using any less, not when it was his life on the line.

He paused and almost sighed when he felt the now familiar feeling of Nagini wrapping around his ankle. 'She's doing it more and more,' He thought with a grimace as he opened the book.

[}-o-{]​

'Ok, I think I got this,' Joshua thought, biting his lip as he noted down the last bit in a notebook. He had gathered what he thought was everything he needed to make the Concealing Ward just the size and shape he needed it to be. Tiredly, he picked up the cup of coffee on his side before blinking as a blue screen appeared on his face.

[Skill Unlocked: Spell Modification]

'Nice,' He nodded as he called for the actual Skill screen to check it out.

[Spell Modification - Lvl 1/50

Determines the user's ability to modify spells.

Increases efficacy of modified spells by 1%.

Increases efficiency of modified spells by 2%.]

'Nothing to actually help me make the modifications,' Joshua realized instantly with a slight grimace. 'But at least the spells will be better once I get around customizing them.'

As it was becoming a habit for him, Joshua looked under his desk. There, in a corner, sat Morag, innocently hanging on her web. Cheshire had come one day, and much like she had convinced him to let out Nagini from time to time, his familiar had convinced him to let out the spider. Although, this time in a more permanent manner. He had, ever since, been checking that the spider was where he had set it to live and hadn't sneaked away. He certainly wouldn't appreciate a surprise bite when he was putting on his shoes or anything of the sort.

"How's it going, girl?" Joshua asked, still looking at the Black Widow. "Hope the new… home is to your liking," He mused, suppressing a sigh and sitting upright again. Cracking his neck, he made to sit up only to be interrupted by another blue screen.

[Bond: Morag has gone up a level.]

This time, the young man simply shrugged and kept on, making his way towards the kitchen for another cup of coffee. He would need it if he wanted to get the actual modified circle written and ready to cast the Ward.

Midway there though, he had to stop himself and groan.

"I have to wonder why do I even have the terrariums anymore," He muttered to himself before turning towards the reason he stopped. "And you, you could wait until I'm not, you know, walking before doing this stuff," Joshua grumbled, looking as Nagini climbed on him. Surprisingly though, the snake decided to stay out of his clothes this time. He wasn't complaining though, having a snake coiled against his bare skin wasn't somethin he was used to… yet. He had no doubt that he would become indifferent to it eventually.

Just like he had to Nagini's presence.

"Comfy?" He asked with a lazy smile as the snake came to a stop, wrapped around his neck and resting on his shoulders like a living scarf. The snake simply stared at him before giving her head a tilt to the side. 'I should be more worried about this than I really am,' The young man thought to himself, considering his situation. Still, Joshua would have shrugged at that, but… snake on his shoulders and all that. "I'll take that as a yes."

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

"Definitely a yes, huh?" He mused as he continued walking, one of his hands coming up to lightly pet the snake's head. He had to admit, seeing Bond level up did a lot to ease his worries every time it happened, even if they were already on the low side anyway. "Just to let you know, Nagini. You are my favorite of the three," Joshua fake-whispered to the serpent, earning a loud hiss from Cheshire that had been sitting somewhere in the living room "At least you are not too bossy," He explained with a slight smile that widened when he heard something that could only be interpreted as a huff from his familiar cat.

'After the Concealing Ward is done,' Joshua thought to himself as he prepared himself a drink. 'I should-'

[Cooking has gone up a level.]

He paused for a second, earning a look from the snake that was hitching a ride on him. He focused once more, this time calling for the screen. It was always nice to look at his skills, after all. Especially those that grew.

[Cooking - Lvl 12/50

Determines the user's ability to cook.

Increases food preparation speed by 24%.

Increases the quality of cooked goods by 12%.]

'Nice,' Joshua thought to himself with a smile. ''As I was thinking though. Afterwards, I should get that Sound Dampening Ward up. The noise is really getting in the way of my sleep,' He noted mentally. It might have been a little dangerous, to reduce both the sound coming from outside and the sound coming from the inside. But, really, what were his neighbors going to do if someone came for him? There was little a mundane could do that he couldn't, he guessed.

'I should look into other useful Wards,' Joshua continued his train of thought. 'Maybe something to make a training room? Gravity is not good. That would be really bad actually, no matter how much others try to sell that idea. But maybe I can find something that can weigh me down,' He mused.

'I could also set up Detection Wards around the city. Or at least around this building. To keep an eye out for anything dangerous coming my way and all that.' Joshua really needed a way to, at least, not be caught off guard.

Once he had his coffee, he started making his way back to the study, only to pause as he saw Cheshire sitting on the table. The cat didn't otherwise signal anything to the young man, but it did stare very intently at him, which gave away that she wanted something from him. The way her amber eyes moved from his to the snake on his shoulder gave him a guess though.

With a sigh, he positioned his free hand in front of his chest and waited. Predictably, the cat took the invitation and jumped, nestling herself against his chest while he sighed. 'With Morag it would be all of us in one person,' He thought, half amused, half afraid that it would actually happen. He could still feel the spider climbing on his chest and he certainly wasn't looking forward to feeling that again.

Sitting back at his desk Joshua settled Cheshire on his lap and got to work. 'I wonder if I'll get used to this,' He thought, feeling Nagini's weight on his shoulders moving as he used his arms. It was weird. Not good, not bad, just… weird. But he guessed that if it happened enough, it would become normal. 'My life is getting weirder and weirder,' He mused with a wry smile.

The very next day, he sat on that same desk sans the animals. In front of him, in a corner of the piece of furniture was the Special Wardstone he would use for the Concealing Ward. He had gotten it a nice metallic base that would ensure it didn't move if he didn't want to. After all, the Ward required the Wardstone not to move. That made Wards outside of bases a tricky thing to use, but that was a concern for another time.

For that, he could have chosen another place to put the Wardstone, but really, it was a temporary thing. After all, the skill was Lvl 1. He would recast it after he leveled it a bit, that was for sure.

Under the base was the circle he had taken and modified. Joshua had triple checked the thing and even considered doing it again. There was no doubt in his mind though. It had been done well. Now, he just needed to activate it and pour all his magic into the circle once that was done.

And so, he did.

The circle shone with a green light not unlike the color of the Wardstone. Slowly, he felt his magic being drained from him, the pace at which it left him increasing slowly with each second. Soon, he grew tired, losing the feeling in his hands, which were where the energy was being sent out towards the circle. And soon enough, his vision blurred and then came the expected black.

He did all that with pleasure though. Reassured in the fact that the Ward would make it more difficult for another Hunter to find him. Fainting was a low price to pay.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Another chapter that I get out without much trouble and without many worries. Actually, the only concern I have is that I might have somehow lowered my standards and that's why everything looks good now. That would suck, because it would mean that I'm publishing things that aren't actually good enough thinking that they are.

Hopefully, I'm just worrying without a reason.

Random Question: We might be meeting Canon Character in the next chapter or the one after that. Who do you think it will be?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:GMAN1701, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 426 others
Adrian King
Jun 30, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 9 - Voices New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#37
Voices

"You know," Joshua commented idly as he sat at his desk, a cup of coffee to his right and a book between his hands. "When I imagined studying magic, it sounded a lot better than this is turning out to be."

The only response he got was a hiss from Nagini. The snake was, as was now usual, wrapped around his neck and over his shoulders. It seemed she had taken a liking to that spot, because Joshua would be hard pressed to think of a moment when he was at his apartment when she wasn't there.

Granted, he wasn't at his place much, since he had started his physical training back up after getting his Ward situation somewhat under control. He was even out of the city since he now drove the Hunter's car to the forest to have a quiet place to practice with the Magic Revolver. It was a small boon that the thing used his magical energy to form bullets, not only did it mean that he didn't need to buy the ammunition but it also helped deplete his reserves so that he could meditate and increase his Magic.

On a somewhat related note, getting the Hunter's car under his name had been surprisingly easy. It took some rummaging through the dead man's things back at the house and some liberal practice of his Drawing skill to get the signature copied just right, but he was now the actual owner of the car. Joshua had also started planning to put some wards around the actual house too, and see if he could have it on the side as an emergency house… but that was a slightly more complicated matter or so he thought. It had eased some of his worries about driving that car around… although those had been the smaller ones, if he was honest.

Back to the present, Joshua distracted himself from the rather dull explanation of the circle variations needed to affect the sound dampening Ward he was studying now by calling for some System screens. They were always nice to look at, and a great way to motivate himself to continue improving, he had found.

[Throwing Weapon Mastery – Lvl 5/100

Determines the user's ability to fight with a throwing weapon.

Increases accuracy when throwing a throwing weapon by 5%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting with a throwing weapon by 1.25%.

Increases damage output when fighting with a throwing weapon by 1.25%.]

[Revolver Mastery – Lvl 3/100

Determines the user's ability to fight with revolvers.

Increases accuracy when firing a revolver by 3%.

Increases Dexterity when handling a revolver by 0.75%.

Decreases recoil effect of revolvers on the user by 0.75%.]

They weren't all that, but for only a week of training, it was great progress. Or maybe Joshua's expectations were lowered after dealing with his more… 'balanced' System. Either way, he was happy with what he was getting. And that wasn't even mentioning the most unexpected development.

It had come while he was in the forest. Joshua had decided that, while he was there, he might as well get some Running done too. And, since the place was so… less than ideal, he had ended up doing some jumping over fallen trees and some other moves to avoid the natural obstacles around like rocks or low branches.

That had the pleasant side effect of giving him a Jumping and a Maneuvering skill. But it was when he got the last one that the true surprise happened. He could almost see the screens in front of him.

[Skills Updated: Running, Jumping, Maneuvering]

[Skill Unlocked: Parkour]

It opened a new realm of possibilities. Although, if Joshua was honest, he was just happy that he had less skills to keep track of. It had also been both a bummer and a relief when he actually opened the Skill's screen.

[Parkour – Lvl 7/100

Determines the user's ability to free run.

Increases Speed while running by 14%.

Increases Strength while jumping by 14%.

Increases Dexterity while maneuvering by 14%.

Decreases exhaustion from running, jumping and maneuvering by 7%.]

It was a bummer because Running had been Lvl 10 before the update. However, Joshua could only see positives, considering that Jumping and Maneuvering had both been Lvl 1. Three levels wasn't that much of a loss and, truthfully, he wouldn't have been surprised if Parkour had been lower level than it ended up being. He also had to admit, he rather liked doing that compared to simple runni-

A poke on his side brought Joshua back to the present as he turned to regard Nagini who was staring at him from over his shoulder.

"Can't you let me space out and be lazy?" He asked, only to receive another poke with the snake's head. "You spend too much time with Cheshire in here," A more feline hiss from behind him told Joshua that the comment wasn't appreciated, at all. "I guess Morag's been moved to the favorite spot now."

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

[Bond: Morag has gone up a level.]

'Huh?' Joshua thought intelligently. He wasn't really surprised by the levels, since he had somewhat gotten used to them. He was more caught off guard by the fact that they leveled at that particular moment. It didn't feel very… bonding, he guessed. Although, the interaction had been somewhat friendly…

'Does it really matter?' Joshua thought with a shrug that got him a hiss from Nagini.

[Bond

Cheshire - 10/10

Determines the user's bond closeness with Cheshire.

Nagini - 5/10

Determines the user's bond closeness with Snake.

Morag - 3/10

Determines the user's bond closeness with Spider.]

"Half way there to being my familiar, Nagini," Joshua said with a slight smile as he brought a hand up to scratch the snake under her jaw. He didn't receive a response but she leaned against his touch and that told him all he needed.

[}-o-{]​

"Much better, right girl?" Joshua asked Cheshire with a tired smile and as he listened from inside his apartment. No sound reached his ears, and that's exactly what he had gone for. The fact that a minute before his place had been filled with the sound of music and what not coming from the club nearby only served to accentuate his success, at least in his mind.

With a smile, he called for a System screen.

[Sound Dampening Ward - Lvl 1/50

A Special Ward which the user can cast to reduce the amount of sounds that pass through its limits.

Requires a Wardstone of Special Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - G to ∞

Consumption without circle - E to ∞]

It was a nice spell, and he guessed it made sense for it to have lower Consumption, since it was clearly less powerful than the Concealing Ward. He was also pretty happy that he had gotten a level in Ward Magic and Spell Modification while he was at it. It only increased his desire to cast some wards around the area of his apartment and maybe look for some more. They could be useful and they would also work towards leveling his skills. It was a win-win scenario if he ever saw one.

"But for now, I gotta level Concealing Ward the most, maybe increase Magic some more and definitely increase my combat skills," Joshua summarized. While having some useful stuff to work with would have been nice, his priority was in keeping himself alive. For that, he needed a Concealing Ward that was as strong as he could possibly manage. That, and to be able to defend himself, of course.

"You know what that means?" Joshua asked his familiar, earning the cat equivalent of a roll of her eyes. "Yeah, we are going back to the forest. Heard that, Nagini? Cheshire might catch something for you out there, how's that sound?" He called out, trying to bring some cheer onto himself. It was one of those days when he really didn't feel like exercising, but he had to so he would anyway.

The young man was, however, surprised when he didn't get the usual answer from the snake. Usually, she would hiss something and continue lying where she was, if that. Or, when she was on his shoulders like she was right now, she would get off to let him go. This time, instead, she strengthened her hold around her neck. Not enough that he had to worry about his own pet choking the air out of him, fortunately.

"So… you want to come with us?" Joshau asked, hazarding a guess. As time passed, he thought he was coming to understand his animal's signs much better, either because of the bond or just practice. Unnaturally, Nagini gave him a very obvious nod. Before Cheshire, he would have been surprised by that. Now though... "Just want to get out or do you plan on hunting something yourself for once?" He asked as he stood up and looked for the cards that held the Magic Revolver and some knives for throwing.

The snake hissed something at him and, while he couldn't understand what that meant, he nodded along as if he could. It was kind of like one would do with a babbling child, just nod as if you understood and more often than not his pets would be happy with that. At least, he thought that was a safe strategy until they became actual familiars like Cheshire. The cat had become a lot more intelligent after the change, and hadn't taken too kindly to having him ignore what she 'said'.

"So, I can't have you come on my shoulders, girl," Joshua told Nagini once he was done gathering his things. With a regretful smile, he pulled out a backpack and opened it. For a moment, the snake raised her head to give him what he thought was a glare. Eventually though, she let out a soft hiss that he took as a sigh and slithering inside the bag. "Thanks girl, I promise I'll let you out as soon as I can," His only response was a hiss that, this time, he couldn't quite place the meaning for.

"Now..." Joshua carefully slung the backpack over his shoulder and took a deep breath in, just like he always did. Getting in the car and driving still took a toll on him, leaving him tired and stressed. It was, however, a necessary evil. "Let's go, Cheshire," He said softly with a smile that wasn't quite there.

[}-o-{]​

A gunshot echoed through the forest as a light bullet hit right through a tree, slightly off the center of a bullseye carved on its bark. Pulling the Magic Revolver down, Joshua looked at his shot's result and shrugged. 'Not bad. One of the better tries I've made, actually,' He mused before sighing. He wasn't that tired yet, but he could already feel the drain in his magic that using the weapon caused. 'Time to meditate-'

[Revolver Mastery has gone up a level.]

'Nice,' He smiled, feeling much better about stopping now that he knew he had made actual progress. After finding a nice spot to sit down cross legged, he looked around for a moment. None of the two animals he had brought with him were on sight. It didn't worry him too much though, since he knew Cheshire could take care of herself and Nagini even more so. The snake getting lost was a possibility, but the cat should be able to track her down easily enough.

'I feel kind of bad about leaving Morag at home now,' Joshua thought. 'Is that weird?' He thought after a moment. Spiders weren't dogs, after all. On the other hand, Morag wasn't a normal spider anymore. Not with three levels in Bond. It wasn't much, but it was enough that he had considered letting the arachnid walk on his palm or something of the sort. Especially since he had read that Black Widows were actually very unlikely to bite unless they had no way to escape.

The problem was, however, that he wasn't over what had transpired that night in the Hunter's house. Morag was to be his executioner, and that knowledge was firmly engraved in his mind. 'I have to get over it though, if I want to actually have Morag as my familiar. She is bound to touch me eventually...' Joshua thought to himself, not feeling like he meant any of those words really.

The rustling of some leaves to his side got his attention and he turned to see Cheshire walking towards him.

"Hey, girl, how's it going?" Joshua said out of habit, earning a pleased meow. He still didn't know what the cat did when she moved around, but he guessed she was just taking a walk. After all, more often than not she came without any prey to say she went hunting. "Did you see Nagini somewhere?" That got a tilted head to the side before she shook her head. "Hmm… Well, we'll stay here until I finish meditating, so I guess we can leave her be for the moment," He mused. "I was just about to start, actually. Could you keep watch, meanwhile?" He asked and the cat immediately made her way to his lap, where she got a smile and soft petting before he took a deep breath in and closed his eyes.

Meditation was, he had found, not so bad an activity. While every attempt he had made in his old life had been met with boredom only, now that he was aware of his own magic, it was rather enjoyable. Feeling that energy moving inside himself, filling him with a sensation that he couldn't put into words no matter how much he tried. Kind of like trying to explain a color to someone that was blind, all descriptions seemed… lacking.

Joshua had also tried to find a mind aspect for the skill. To see if there was such a thing like Occlumency or the like. After all, the last thing he wanted was to have his mind read or otherwise messed with. His attempts had been met with nothing though, something that didn't reassure him as much as he wanted it to. After all, the Mind Arts were something that was present in almost all magic words in some aspect. Until he found veritable information of the stuff not existing, he would continue trying.

That day, however, he wasn't particularly motivated. Joshua had barely gathered enough will to actually go out to exercise. So, he decided to give himself a break and just enjoy the energy aspect of Meditation. 'That, and Cheshire's presence,' He thought with a small smile feeling the soft fur of the cat under his hand, even as he kept most of his focus on the swirling energy inside himself and-

'What?' Joshua frowned, immediately and unwillingly letting go of the thing that had disturbed him. 'What was that?' He wondered, taking a deep breath in and trying to reach the same state again. There had been something there, besides his magic. Something that he hadn't ever felt before.

Sure enough, when he finally managed to push his eagerness aside to be able to concentrate, he felt it again. It felt… similar to his magic, very much so. It was almost the same. 'Maybe that's why I didn't notice before?' He wondered, but he continued trying to decipher just what that was. It was next to his magic, touching, almost as if the two energies were pressing against one another but never quite fusing together.

And then, the energy moved.

And his hand rose.

When his eyes opened, shocked, he saw Cheshire standing on his lap instead of just lying on it. As if sensing his gaze, the cat turned her amber eyes towards him. With a questioning meow, she broke him from his staring and he blinked repeatedly.

Then he blinked again as a blue screen appeared in front of him.

[Skill Unlocked: Magic Sense]

'Oh, baby, this is awesome!' Joshua thought, as a grin spread over his face. Sensing was, quite possibly, one of his favorite skills… theoretically, that is, since he didn't have any beforehand. Now though, he could finally-

[Quest Complete: Unlock Magic Sense

Rewards:

+ 5 Magic Levels

+ 5 Perception Levels

+ 10 Meditation Levels]

'Wow, why is this a Quest tho-'

[Title Unlocked: Novice Magician]

'Ok, this is great,' Joshua thought, still smiling from ear to ear and half-expecting another screen to appear in front of him. 'Ok, let's take this one step at a time,' He decided then, when it was evident that nothing new would pop up.

'Magic Sense?' He called firstly, to take a look at his new skill that he was already looking forward to training with. He had been toying with the idea of setting up Detection Wards related to magic next around his apartment and maybe even the rest of the city, if he could manage that. Now though, he might not even need that.

[Magic Sense - Lvl 1/100

Determines the user's ability to sense magical energy and spells.

Precision is determined by Skill and Perception Level.

Increases the range of Magic Sense by 3%.]

'Nothing too surprising,' He noted with a slight nod. 'The Perception part is a little unexpected, but not too much. I guess I can see the relation between sensing and perception. Besides, the Quest gave me some levels on that, didn't it?' Joshua's eyes moved to the side, dismissing the skill screen and focusing on the previously mentioned one.

'Why was this even a Quest though,' The young man frowned. 'Was I supposed to get this later? That… sounds kind of possible. Especially with the Meditation levels in the Quest. Was Meditation supposed to unlock it later and I got ahead? Although… I did find the skill while using Meditation, so the levels might be because of that...' Growing tired of theorizing without a real way of confirming anything, Joshua shook his head and continued his little analysis.

'I'm guessing either the Magic levels or the Meditation levels unlocked the Novice Magician title… or maybe that was Magic Sense? Maybe even all of the above,' He shrugged, still wearing a slight, pleased smile on his face. He was quite happy with the unexpected but appreciated developments he had in this exercise session. 'And to think I didn't want to come,' He thought, shaking his head.

'Anyway, Novice Magician,' Joshua called last.

[Novice Magician

Increases the growth speed of Magic by 10%.

Increases the growth speed of all Magical Masteries and Spells by 15%.]

'Sweeeeet,' He decided instantly as his grin grew once more. Without a second thought, he pulled his Status screen, taking a split second to be pleased with his increased Perception and Magic. Especially the second, since it had broken through into the 20s. Then, he equipped his new title. It didn't make him feel any different, but he was just glad he had something to put there, nevermind something so useful.

"Thanks, Cheshire, you are awesome," Joshua praised, grinning at the cat while his hand moved to pet her. His familiar tilted her head to the side, obviously confused since she wasn't privy to Joshua's thoughts (yet, at least) and had no way to see the System screens. A second later, she decided to roll with it, apparently, and settled on my lap, basking on the attention and the compliments he kept giving her.

"Ok, I'll continue meditating now, girl," He told the cat as he closed his eyes. This time though, he had something else to do while he was at it, which was to see if he could practice both, Meditation and Magic Sense at the same time. He soon found out that, yes, he could.

And so, something else was added to his already pretty full list of skills to train.

[}-o-{]​

[Unknown]

The voices had spoken to her and she had listened.

All her life, she had heard them, whispering in her ear. Crazy, more than one had called her. Even her own parents had tried to silence the voices. That was why she now kept their existence to herself. However, that didn't mean that she didn't listen to them. After all, they had never steered her wrong.

Unfortunately, her parents had started to grow wary of her some time ago. She guessed that they suspected her act, seeing through some slip she must have made somewhere. Then both of them began keeping her at arm's length, barely speaking to her. Curt answers followed that. And eventually, harsh reproaches for anything and everything.

She had put up with all that, because she didn't know what else to do and the voices remained silent on the matter.

One day, that changed. The voices finally offered an answer to her predicament. Running away, going to a place that would be better for her. 'Finding her destiny,' The voices had said. Although, she noticed that they sounded strangely unsure, something that had never happened.

'Options,' She had heard once, when the voices were more whispers than actual messages. As if they had been talking between themselves instead of speaking to her. Another unprecedented event, something that seemed to be common those days. 'A variable, an anomaly,' She had heard in that same conversation.

She didn't care much for that though. All she cared about was that she had an out, a way to avoid her current life that seemed to be spiraling downwards really fast. Not that it had ever been sunshine and rainbows, but the point stood. No more hateful parents, no more judging peers, no more crying herself to sleep or hiding who she was.

She didn't know what 'her destiny' was, but she would take her chances with it if it got her away from where she had been.

In hindsight, however, she might have wanted to prepare better for her little self-searching. She had burned through her savings traveling where the voices told her, barely eating already, as she used every bit of cash she had to pay for transport and for a roof over her head when she needed to.

Now, she had nothing. No food, no roof and, more importantly, no money.

She could have used her looks, maybe. She knew she wasn't ugly. She could have easily gotten someone to pay her a meal, maybe even gotten a place to stay the night that wasn't the streets. She would never do that though. She would sooner die than sell herself like that… although, in the situation she was in, that might be a possibility.

It was now her third night without a place to stay already. She had managed to get some money, mostly out of people that had taken pity on her. Her aforementioned looks had helped her there, she knew, but it was better than actively using them, or so her mind told her. That thought might have been helped by the fact that starving wasn't something that she enjoyed, who knew.

However, she was receiving less and less money, as if life decided she had gotten enough. She could almost feel her stomach complaining already, even though there was no reason to be hungry. Her mind had, apparently, decided to conjure the feeling out of thin air to mock her decisions.

It certainly didn't help that, through the days, desperation had started to build up in her. Not only because of her pauper situation, but also because of what the voices had told her. Was she missing out on her destiny because of this? Had she failed to reach it and that's why this was happening? Was she doomed now? Condemned to starve to death or be killed while sleeping out in the open? Something worse than that, maybe?

Anxious thoughts were pushed aside when a black and white shape moved towards her. Her eyes moved to the side and took the sight of the cat, her frowning face softening and her lips curling up the smallest bit. The feline walked up to her and regarded her dirty, probably smelly, self with amber eyes. She didn't know how she could tell, but the cat looked… unimpressed with her.

'Even stray animals think I'm a lost cause,' She thought self-deprecatingly.

"Cheshire?" A voice called out, and the cat perked up, its head turned to the side where the question had come from. "Cheshire?!" The man, she recognized, tried again, louder this time. "Where did you go, girl?"

The cat seemed to respond with a loud meow, almost a screech.

"There you are," Then she saw him. A man in his twenties, she guessed, if not less. Black hair that didn't seem to be styled in any way, instead simply left to its devices without looking bad, even if it didn't look good by any means. His skin seemed pale, almost sickly to her eyes.

But his eyes, blue eyes much like her own, were the most defining feature in her opinion. Where hers were light, sky blue, his were cold, dark blue, resembling sapphires. They left an impression, that was for sure, even before they had looked directly at hers.

"She wasn't bothering you, was she?" The man asked her, nodding towards the cat.

"Hm, er… no, no. Nothing like that," She replied hesitantly. "She just walked up to me just now."

"Hm, she did, huh?" The man mumbled, turning his attention back to the cat and the girl herself relaxed. She hadn't even noticed she had been tense to begin with until those eyes moved away from her. A moment of silence followed, and the girl looked between man and feline as they seemed to stare at one another. Then, the animal looked at her and went back to the man. "No, Cheshire."

"Hm… is something the matter… mister?" She asked, unsure.

"No, don't worry," He reassured her. "Just Cheshire here and her habit of picking up… people," He added after a slight pause, confusing her even more. "We are not bringing her with us. This is different from the last time, Cheshire, she isn't an animal. I can't just pick her up and bring her home," The man exasperatedly denied as he walked up to the cat and picked her up. "I'm very sorry for this whole… thing. Have a nice day," He told her and turned to leave.

And then, the voices spoke.

'The anomaly,' They whispered in her mind and she perked up, her eyes snapping towards the retreating back of the man with renewed intensity.

'My destiny?' She asked, even though the voices rarely answered her questions directly.

'No,' They said, shocking her. 'Destiny is misty, hazy, muddled,' They told her and she grew worried. Was she right? Had she lost her chance? 'The anomaly is important,' They changed the subject back to the man and she stood up, following him. 'Fate… is changing. Ripples all around. An uncertain future...'

"Excuse me," She called out and the man stopped, turning to her with a confused frown. She gulped down her nervousness, looking at the ground and poking it with her right foot. "I… could I come with you?"

The bewildered man opened his mouth to say something, probably questioning why she wanted to go with a complete stranger or something along those lines. Truth was… she was tired of being in the streets. She was also desperate. But, most of all, as was usual in her life, she was listening to the voices.

Something had happened to her destiny, it seemed. It had, apparently, vanished, or at the very least changed. Her reason to roam was gone and she had no path to follow. But the voices had said the man was important. Important and nothing else. No warnings had come regarding him, even after she had taken action. So, she could at least go with him and see what happened. It wasn't like-

'Savior,' A lonely voice whispered in her ear, almost going unheard. But it was, and it made the girl almost perk up and grin. That cleared any doubt that she might have had in an instant.

Meanwhile, she saw the man close his mouth without saying anything, before he turned to the cat still in his arms. They looked at one another and the girl noticed that he seemed to grow annoyed, something that worried her. Had she inconvenienced him?

"Don't look so damn smug," He grumbled, speaking to the cat and unknowingly reassuring the girl. She would have worried about him talking to a cat, but she had voices in her head, so she wasn't one to judge. "And you," She stood straight once more under the judging eyes of the man. Then he sighed. "Sure… You can come," He mumbled resignedly as he turned and started walking again, this time with her walking by his side. "I'm Joshua Davis, by the way. What's your name?"

"Jeanne," She replied with a wide smile, one that she hadn't worn for years. "Just Jeanne, a pleasure to meet you, Joshua."

"Well, I hope you don't mind snakes, Jeanne," The man, Joshua, commented, his right hand patting the backpack he carried, for some reason.

"Snakes?" She asked, blinking.

"And spiders, for that matter."

"Spiders?"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm really, really nervous about the last part. I've gone over it again and again and I feel like it's fine, but at the same time I think it's all wrong. A really weird, unwelcome feeling, that's for sure.

I know that there's no canon for Jeanne hearing voices or anything of the sort, but Joan of Arc supposedly had visions and what not, so I had Jeanne hear voices instead. I quite liked the idea so I ran with it. Canon her would have followed the voices towards her 'destiny' which is to say her place in the original plot, or Khaos Brigade in this case.

Now though, Joshua's there when he shouldn't be, and so she meets him instead.

Really, Jeanne's part is the only one that has me nervous. Everything else feels just fine, although nothing much happened besides Joshua developing more. I enjoy writing that if nobody guessed that yet.

Random Question: Do you think Joshua will pick up another animal or something? What do you think it would be?

See you.
Last edited: Jun 30, 2024
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:GMAN1701, Asdercol, Dragonace111 and 431 others
Adrian King
Jun 30, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10 - Temporary Bliss New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#46
Temporary Bliss

"Eeep!" That was about the reaction Joshua was expecting from Jeanne when he pulled out Nagini from his bag.

"Relax, she is completely harmless." He groaned out loud when the snake gave a hiss in protest. "You could at least fake it, you know?" He directed at the serpent, who looked away from him. "Anyway, she is harmless to you, because she knows she won't have food if she scares you, nevermind bite you."

Joshua purposely ignored the look Nagini shot at him as he finished the sentence. Instead, he focused on the scared, dirty and starving teenager he had picked up. 'I knew I was making a habit of picking up strays, but this is ridiculous,' The young man thought to himself.

He still wondered if the reasons for him following Cheshire's whim were enough for whatever this might lead down to. The first of which was, of course, that Cheshire had brought the idea, and he trusted his familiar with just about anything. The second was because… well, he had taken pity on the poor girl. She looked terrible, honestly, so he had decided that he could, at the least, give the girl some food and a place to stay for a few days.

The third reason was the girl's Appraisal screen and what followed.

[Jeanne

Rank: ?]

[Quest: Help Jeanne.

Reward:

+New Perk: Holy Element]

It was the first time a Quest had appeared to him before it was completed and Joshua had absolutely no idea why it had happened this time. It was also the first time that the screen wasn't blue. Well, the storage spell screen was grey, but this was the only other instance of that happening and the first time it was bright white, almost glowing. He wasn't too sure what that meant though.

The only thing he knew, however, was that the reward sounded very tempting, and really, what was he going to lose?... Well, he could lose quite a bit, he guessed. He didn't know anything about Jeanne and, for all he knew, she could be someone that brought trouble wherever she went. The really bad kind of trouble, that is.

On the other hand, Joshua was sure that he would regret not helping her if he turned his back on the girl. It was the kind of thing that would eat at him everyday afterwards, he was sure. He just really, really hoped this decision wouldn't come back to bite him later.

'What does it say about me that Cheshire is still the most defining factor in my decision making?' Joshua wondered as he scratched Nagini's head. 'I have to wonder though,' He thought then, turning his eyes towards the blond girl in his apartment, who was still looking rather scared of his pet snake. 'Why did she come with me?'

"You hungry? It's a bit early, but I'm feeling like having dinner already," He asked, and immediately felt Nagini wrap around his arm and climb towards his shoulders.

"Hm… er… sure?" The girl replied looking very nervous and out of place. Joshua understood, really, he did, but he still couldn't help but hope that the girl would be a little less awkward about the whole thing. It would really help him feel less… well, awkward himself.

"How about this?" He continued, already moving towards the fridge to see what he had to work with. "You can go ahead and shower, I can lend you some clothes to change into… I'm guessing you have clothes in that bag?" Joshua asked, pointing at the small backpack slung over her shoulder and getting a nod. "I'm also guessing that you need to wash them all?" Joshua continued, his eyes looking over the contents of the fridge, he received an affirmative enough sound from the girl. "I'm sure they aren't much so we'll have to see about buying some more."

"Hm… that… sounds great, actually," Jeanne voiced, sounding like she was still trying to catch up with the conversation. "I can't remember the last time I had a good shower," He heard her say, although by the change in volume, he probably wasn't meant to hear that. "But… I… I don't have money to pay for clothes… or the food… or anything, really..." She admitted, her voice growing more and more weak as she went on.

"Don't worry about that," Joshua waved off as he turned back to look at her. "Cheshire decided to pick you up. So, I'm picking you up. You shouldn't worry about paying for anything at your age… how old are you, by the way?"

"I'm sixteen," The girl protested weakly, but still with enough energy to pout at him, probably for treating her like a child.

"Yeah, the most you should worry about is going to school," Joshua said, rolling his eyes. "How did you end up in the streets?" He asked then. Others could call him shallow, but you just didn't see people as pretty as her on the streets like… ever. So, something must have happened, he was sure.

"I… ran away from home," Jeanne admitted, holding her forearm and looking down and away.

"And you did that… why, if you don't mind me asking?" Joshua added. He felt a little entitled to know, since he was the one that was offering her a roof and food for basically nothing at all, maybe even with cons. However, he also didn't want to pressure her into spilling all her secrets, that would just make him feel bad.

"They… they don't understand," She muttered and just before he continued questioning, she started speaking again. "All my life… I've heard these… voices, in my head," She told him growing more passionate as she went on. "They tell me what to do, and they've always been right! But… nobody understands. My parents thought I was crazy. My classmates would always make fun of me. I… I just wanted to get away. So, when the voices told me to leave..." She trailed off, suddenly losing all her spirit.

"You left," Joshua finished for her softly and she nodded, looking down. Before, he might have thought that someone hearing voices was just some kind of crazy. No necessarily the bad type of crazy, but still.

Now though. Now he knew about magic and mythologies and supernatural stuff. Or, at least, he knew those were real or could be real. So, voices in someone's head weren't so weird. Especially since she said that they were always right. It could be a coincidence, or it could be the real deal. And with that question mark on her screen and the Quest thing? He would bet it was the latter.

'Did whatever those voices were have something to do with the strange white screen?' He wondered then, not sure if he should be worried about that possibility. If his magic could interact with the System, was something else also able to do it?

"I'm guessing..." Joshua started slowly. "That these voices told you something about me?"

"Yes, they said… wait," She stopped then, turning to him with wide eyes. "You believe me?" She asked then, with a somewhat ironic amount of disbelief in her tone.

"Well, I have regular conversations with what people would call animals. Hell, I decided to bring you here on Cheshire's whim," Joshua nodded towards both Nagini and the aforementioned cat, the latter of which chose that moment to rub her head against his leg and purr. "And I'm pretty sure that they can understand me. Also..." With a slight smile, he pulled a card from his pocket and activated the Storage Spell from it to pull out a bottle of water. "I'm kind of a magician."

"Magic is real..." She breathed out, looking at the object with wide eyes. Joshua was actually surprised that she believed that quickly, even with her voices thing. Joshua was pretty sure that he would have been skeptical… but maybe she was just desperate to believe that she wasn't crazy. Maybe the doubt had been there for her too.

"It is," Joshua nodded. "So,... did the voices tell you something about me?" He asked again, patiently.

"They said… They called you an anomaly..." Jeanne mumbled and the young man felt his blood run cold. 'So… I shouldn't be here, huh?' He thought wryly. 'No surprise there… I should be dead.' "And they also said something about… fate… changing, I think," She added and he grew worried. 'So, me being here changed things, huh? Still no idea where here is though.'

"Well, if that's everything-"

"Yeah," She said quickly and he blinked and looked at her. The girl then looked down, wringing her hands together with her face more and more red with every passing second.

"Did the voices say anything else?" He asked curiously, because there was no way that reaction was for no reason.

"They also said… they said..." She hesitated for a moment, looking very nervous. "They said you would help… that's all."

"If that's all..." He replied, not fully believing her. But then again, he didn't have reason to doubt her since Cheshire was still acting like everything was alright. "About that shower?" He asked again.

"Oh! Um… yes… that sounds good," She nodded, a small smile forming on her face. "About those clothes..."

"Oh, right, come and take a pick," He led her to his bedroom where he showed her some clothes that shouldn't look too big on her. "Should be enough while we get your clothes cleaned up," He shrugged.

"You'll really… pay for my clothes too?" She asked in a whisper.

"Sure, but it'll have to be cheap stuff," He warned, spreading his arms to signal the not-so-pretty apartment. "I'm not exactly rich..." Then he paused and looked at the still empty room. "Although, I guess we'll have to see about setting up that room as yours. It's empty now, but I think I can get some stuff."

'I can get a bed from the Hunter's house,' Joshua decided easily. 'Probably some other stuff too… shame, I wanted to set up that one as a training room or something… well, can't be helped, at least for now,' He shrugged again.

"You… would do that for me?" He rolled his eyes at the question. Jeanne's doubts were getting old really quick.

"Jeanne," Joshua said, his tone showing a bit of his annoyance, which the girl obviously noticed of her shoulders tensing was any indication. "Relax. Cheshire would have my hide if I didn't take care of you," The cat meowed, making the teenager jump. Evidently, she hadn't noticed that the feline had followed them into the room. "And I would feel pretty bad too, if I kicked you out or something of the sort. So, yeah, we are together in whatever this is now. Although… I wouldn't say no if you wanted to help around the house," He added with a wry smile.

If he had to pay for another person too, he would like to at least get some help.

"I can cook!" She volunteered quickly. "And clean too..." She added, although she seemed to be quickly deflating. 'God, this girl really has issues,' Joshua thought.

"That would be appreciated," Joshua nodded. "I liked that spirit too," He pointed out, drawing a smile from Jeanne. 'Good,' He internally patted himself on the back. "Well, I'll start with dinner while you do that."

Once he was in the kitchen, Joshua let out a long, tired sigh.

"God, this is weird," He whispered as he took a deep breath in. "Why was all these necessary, Cheshire?" He asked his familiar, even though he knew that no direct answer would be given. With a sigh, Joshua decided to, once again and was becoming custom now, roll with it.

[}-o-{]​

"So… um, Mister Davis?" Jeanne hesitantly called, making the young man cringe. "Did I do something wrong?" The girl asked nervously, clearly picking up on his reaction, not that it had been subtle at all.

"Don't call me that, please. You called me Joshua yesterday," He pointed out, still grimacing. 'Mister Davis was my father,' He thought, blinking a few times to push the tears away. "Just Joshua is fine… actually, I insist, call me just that," He added, mainly because he really didn't want to be reminded of his dead parents every time the girl felt like talking to him.

"I… Ok… I was just thinking," The girl started, unsure but clearly wanting to change subjects as quickly as possible. "Well… if I'm gonna be living with you… your family and friends could ask questions," She pointed out and he cringed again.

The poor girl looked like she had a heart attack when he looked back at her.

"Just," Joshua said with an ugly grimace. "I'd advise against mentioning my family much," He suggested as kindly and patiently as he could. Jeanne didn't, after all, know what had happened to his family. "My parents died in a car crash not so long ago..."

"I'm so sorry!" The girl exclaimed, drawing some curious gazes from people passing by. It was good that they had waited for her to have her own clothes to wear instead of his before going shopping. Otherwise, Joshua didn't want to think what people would have thought.

"Jeanne," He replied softly. "You couldn't have known. Don't worry about it," He reassured, looking ahead instead of at the girl. "I also don't have many friends besides Cheshire, Nagini and Morag. So I don't think you have to worry about that."

"Morag...?" She asked confused and the young man was reminded of the fact that she still hadn't had the… pleasure of meeting his arachnid pet. "Anyway," Jeanne shook her head and Joshua's lip twitched at the picture in his mind of the girl meeting the spider. "I guess it doesn't matter then," She mumbled.

"What is it that you wanted to tell me?" Joshua prodded, feeling a bit bad about basically denying her idea before she could even voice it. Not that it was his fault but still… 'Good to see that I'm still a mess when talking to someone,' He thought sarcastically.

"Well… I just thought… we should think of a way to explain why I'm living with you..." She continued almost whispering, poking her fingers together in a way that Joshua thought people only did in anime and such shows. "But… if it won't be a problem..."

"Well, I guess someone might make a problem out of it if we leave it unexplained," Joshua nodded, suddenly thoughtful of the scenario that she presented. "My family won't be a problem," He scratched from the beginning, feeling his throat close up a bit. "And I don't have friends right now, so that won't either. But neighbors are a thing, so we should still have a cover story of sorts..."

"Hm," Jeanne hummed with a bright smile that almost brought another out of Joshua. As if a switch had been flipped, the nervous girl was replaced with a happy teenager almost skipping along. "Well, maybe I could say I am your girlfriend-"

"Yeah, no," He denied immediately, unimpressed. She was pretty, yes, but she was also a minor, so that was a big, fat 'NO'.

"You don't have to make it sound like that," She pouted, but not looking really annoyed. 'So, she was joking?' Joshua wondered. "Maybe a… a cousin?" She paused to look at him, apparently wary of mentioning family of any kind around him after her blunder from before. He smiled calmly at her.

"It was only my parents, Jeanne," Joshua explained, trying to keep his voice from cracking. "I don't get along with the rest of my relatives too much, so I don't mind you using that one."

"That's good," She nodded, expression brightening in a second. The young man couldn't help but think that this new attitude suited her much better than her previous nervous and afraid disposition. "I guess we can go with that then… Should I go by Jeanne Davis then?" She asked and, once more, her eyes darted to him.

This time, Joshua did stop for a second. His first thought was to reject that idea. It felt… wrong, to let someone else use his family name. He was a moment away from telling Jeanne to just continue using her last name. After all, what were the chances of someone actually figuring out they weren't related because of that? However, there was a slight problem with that.

'She never did tell me her last name, did she?' Joshua realized, eyeing her companion out of the corner of his eyes. From what he got, she seemed to be growing more and more nervous, the happy girl pulling into her shell once more. 'She doesn't want to use her last name?' He wondered. And, after what she had told him, he could kind of understand. 'How badly did her parents really treat her if she is like this?' Despite asking himself that, Joshua didn't think he really wanted to know the answer.

"Sure. I guess we can go with that," He allowed despite his reservations.

"Do you think people would think we are siblings?" Jeanne asked, apparently not picking up on Joshua's reticence. "I mean," She did notice, a bit late perhaps, that it might have been a touchy subject, what with his parents dead. He could forgive that, since she was probably still processing that information. "I don't think so," She started correcting herself quickly in a way that was almost comical for Joshua. "We are nothing alike after all."

"Well, we both have fair skin and blue eyes," He pointed out, letting her know that he had no problem with that particular line of thought. "We are not very similar personality wise though, and we have different hair color, but that isn't so rare, I guess."

"Sorry about that," She still said when he was finished. Evidently, he hadn't hidden his emotions nearly as well as he thought he had. Still, Joshua waved it off, even if he was feeling his chest a little too tight for his heart after so many mentions of his dead family. Despite that, it didn't feel completely awful to talk about it, he found.

"Don't worry," Joshua reassured again. "I… don't think I ever mentioned being an only child to anyone," He mused, mostly to himself. His mind, however, was moving to different but somewhat related matters.

'I'm fairly sure that I only told Peter that my parents died,' He thought idly. 'I wonder if it would be weird for me to suddenly have a sister around… could we say something about her being with relatives when the accident happened?...' He stopped, not only thinking but also walking as he suddenly realized what he was doing. 'Why… Why am I giving this so much thought?' Joshua questioned.

Then, he looked to the side to see a worried Jeanne looking at him but not quite gathering the courage to speak.

"How about we stop at a cafe or something?" He suggested. Even though he didn't quite manage to keep some of his emotions out of his voice, the girl didn't point it out and instead simply nodded. They started walking again, this time with the blonde looking around for a place that looked good enough and the dark haired man trying to make sense out of his own mind.

'The relatives' story would work just fine. It might even be an easier lie to keep,' He told himself. However, a little voice in the back of his mind had a different idea. 'Mum and dad always wanted another child, didn't they? They wanted to have a girl too...' It whispered in his ear and he almost grimaced.

It wasn't that they hadn't wanted a boy, but rather that they had wanted a girl too. For whatever reason, however, they had never quite managed to have one, or even another boy. Joshua himself would have admitted that he would have been happy with a brother or a sister. That might have helped him be more social. Although… it could also have made things worse.

He would never know now.

'Or...' His eyes moved to Jeanne on his side, who couldn't help but take not-so-subtle glances at him. He shook his head. 'She is a lost girl that needs help. Stop thinking about yourself,' Joshua chastised himself, wishing Cheshire was around to smack some sense into him.

"I guess being siblings could work too, by the way," He couldn't stop himself from saying. He managed, at least, to say it without too much enthusiasm, despite the odd eagerness for her to choose that option over simple cousins. He was being selfish and he knew it.

"You think so?" Jeanne asked, looking both happy and afraid. A weird mix , in Joshua's opinion. "I mean, I shouldn't have said that. What with your parents..." She trailed off, giving an awkward wave of her hand in the end. The poor girl didn't seem to find a good enough way to end that sentence.

"Mum and dad always did say that they wanted to have a daughter too," He admitted, looking anywhere but at the girl. "But I guess it would be more difficult to sell that lie, don't you think?" He pointed out, managing a grin to hide his inner turmoil.

"Yeah… I guess..." Jeanne nodded, looking strangely disappointed.

[}-o-{]​

[Unknown]

The man was… strange. That much the deity could tell.

He was plain. Unassuming. Normal. Which were all terms that applied to very few people in the supernatural world. However, the deity couldn't help but remember how he had found himself drawn to one Joshua Davis.

There had been so much of his domains' energy that night. Especially Salvation. There had been so much Salvation energy there, that he had wondered why he hadn't found the man sooner. However, that wasn't all. There had been Hunt there too. Hunt and Wild Animals.

The deity guessed that was what finally got his attention. So many different energies of his domains together, and in so much quantity. He just had to take a look. And he had quite liked what he found.

A man, that despite what he had lived through, hadn't denied the animals help. Even with the particularly unfavourable circumstances regarding the spider. Truly, a Savior. Who else could get the deity's attention if not a Savior?

Even without that, the man was wrapped in so much energy of Salvation that the deity had to be at least curious. So, he had decided to give young Joshua a trinket. A small thing to help him along and to ensure that the deity would always be able to find him. It did require a little tweaking, to ensure that the Davis didn't just leave the thing inside a Storage Spell though. Otherwise, it had been fun to see a young man bumble his way through a world that he knew painfully little about.

And now, the deity was proven right once more. The young man had decided to Save someone else. Granted, it all had come down to that rather likeable familiar of his, again. But in the end, it was still Davis' choice to take the girl in.

'A Savior indeed,' The deity thought, pleased. 'Continue to prove worthy of my attention, young Joshua, and you just might get a reward.'

Now, that was an interesting idea. A reward. What other little trinket could the deity give the young man. Something related to saving, since he was still so wrapped around that Salvation energy? Maybe something related to the Hunt? To guide him further down the path of the deity's domains? Or maybe something related to the animals the young man was so fond of?

'Something worth considering,' The deity thought, entertained by the whole thing. 'In the end though, it all comes down to the same thing, Joshua Davis. Are you worthy?'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I have huge doubts about this chapter, not gonna lie. But I'm also quite happy with it, surprisingly enough. So, I'll take a leap and hope that you guys like it.

I'm particularly happy with the last bit. I'm pretty sure that nobody will guess which god that is, since it's one that even I didn't know until I dived looking for some deities to use in this story. And then I found some mentions of this particular god and it fit so well that I had to add him to the story.

I've also received several comments regarding the pacing of this story. Get used to it. I absolutely hate stories where there's something happening everyday, every chapter. It's not realistic. In life, rarely does stuff happen all at once or one right after another. It can happen, but it's not a usual thing. So, events in this story will be mostly separated by idle time. Time that I enjoy using to develop Joshua's character. We all know that he needs as much of that as he can get, considering what world he is in.

Random Question: There's some stuff hinted at in this chapter, outside the last bit. Did you catch any of them, I wonder...

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:GMAN1701, Asdercol, Dragonace111 and 401 others
Adrian King
Jun 30, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11 - Here I Come New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#49
Here I Come

"Hm, Joshua?" Jeanne called out once they were back and Joshua looked away from the fridge, where he had started to set some purchases he had made on the way back. He gave her a nod indicating that he was paying attention. "Who is… Morag?" She asked and he blinked. "You mentioned her in the shopping mall, remember?"

"I did, yeah. Can't believe I forgot to introduce you to her," He shook his head and turned to Cheshire, who let out a meow that sounded particularly mocking to his ears. "Laugh it up," He snapped without any heat in his voice. "Well, no time like the present, follow me," He told Jeanne as he made his way to the study.

Once he reached the desk, he paused for a second, gulping down his nervousness as he decided to do something in particular. Resting his hand on the edge of the desk, he curled his fingers and pressed them on the underside. As he remained silent, he felt Cheshire press her head against his calf.

"Well, Morag," He called, with more confidence in his voice than he felt. "Why don't you come and say hi to Jeanne? She'll be staying with us for the foreseeable future," He informed the arachnid, turning to a very confused blonde. Her expression was amusing, but not enough to distract him from what he was setting himself up for.

"Hmm, Joshua?" Jeanne mumbled when nothing happened for a moment, clearly not sure if something should be happening. A second later, the man felt the spider's little legs start walking on his hand, as he had predicted he would. He would admit though, that he hadn't been 100% sure the arachnid would follow his unspoken command, or if she would even be smart enough to understand it.

Joshua wasn't thinking about that though. Not when his mind conjured the memory of the night he first met Morag and later Nagini. The night where that little black spider had been a moment away from being the instrument to his death.

He had later read about Black Widows and found that, surprisingly enough, they weren't really all that deadly. However, Joshua was sure that was just because most people would recieve treatment after a bite. And with the Hunter there, he wouldn't have received any type of help, he would probably have gotten the opposite, actually. And that would, he was sure, lead to a very slow and painful death.

All that hadn't helped him gain any sort of reassurance when it came to relaxing around Morag, even if now he was sure he would survive one of her bites.

Joshua had, however, been thinking about actually trying to get closer to his third Bond. This was his first try, and he was unsure if it was the right moment. Maybe he should have waited until he was by himself. 'Too late for that,' He thought as he felt Morag walking around his wrist and heard Jeanne gasp once she saw the spider appear.

Slowly, he pulled his arm up to give her a better view.

"This is Morag," Joshua introduced, not daring to move much with the spider on him. He was grateful for Cheshire's calming presence as the cat continued rubbing herself between his legs. "Morag, this is Jeanne. Say hi," He added jokingly, only to blink, surprised, as he saw the spider raise her front pair of legs, as if she was waving at Jeanne with both 'hands'.

[Bond: Morag has gone up a level.]

"So… is what you meant with spiders, huh? I had hoped it would be just the old apartment or something..." Jeanne mumbled, eyeing the arachnid warily. Joshua didn't blame her, he was still wary of Morag and he was the one that had a Bond with her.

"I'll admit," He replied, forcing his voice to come out as casual as possible, if only to reassure the girl a little. "That I'm surprised you haven't run for the hills yet, what with Nagini and now Morag. I know they are kind of scary."

"They are," The teenager confirmed, her blue eyes still locked on the spider. Then, she gulped before speaking once more. "But the voices are quiet… they've never been when I'm close to danger, even this one time that I went to the zoo and was safely away from the animals. They kept whispering warnings every now and then, but… they are silent right now."

Joshua simply hummed, adding that to his limited knowledge of the voices.

"I just… I won't wake up with one of them next to me, will I?" She asked nervously, making the man chuckle.

"No, Nagini usually does that with me, but you are safe. And Morag usually stays under the desk, so you are good on that side too," Joshua reassured her with a small smile. His eyes turned towards the spider currently pacing on his arm. Slowly, he relaxed as he watched her walk back and forth over his forearm, eventually deciding to go to his hand. "Speaking of, I'll go out in a bit to get you a bed. Fortunately, I don't have to buy one, so my wallet won't suffer even more. Maybe I'll get you some other stuff. Something you would like?"

"Eh… if it's not much trouble...?" She trailed off looking slightly down as her foot poked the floor.

"I can't promise I'll get everything, but if it's within my power I will," He offered as a response. He was planning on raiding the Hunter's house for things for Jeanne's room. He was pretty sure that he wouldn't have much that a teenage girl would want, but he would look anyway. Which is more…

"A wardrobe would be nice… maybe a desk?" She added, her eyes darting to his, and he could almost see her dreading using it after he told her Morag lived under it. "That would be it, I think... A nightstand?"

Joshua smiled wryly as she told him her 'list' of wants. He had expected it to be humble, but he still thought there would be a few more things in there. 'Guess I'll see if I can find anything else myself,' He mused as his eyes turned back to Morag once more.

"I can get that, I'm pretty sure," He told the girl. "I'll see about finding some more things."

"Thanks," He couldn't help but return the wide, beaming grin that she sent his way with a small smile of his own. Maybe having her around wouldn't be so bad.

[}-o-{]​

"How do you understand any of this?" Joshua looked up from his book at Jeanne's question. At that moment, both of them sat at the dining table, him having moved his books from his study so that they could both read together. He hadn't, after all, seen any reason to hide his books on the supernatural from the girl. If the voices were really… well, real then it was better for her to have as much information as possible. Nevermind the fact that the last thing Joshua wanted in his conscience was something happening to Jeanne because he hadn't informed her as much as possible.

Currently, however, the blonde seemed to be absolutely stumped by the book on… He narrowed his eyes, trying to read the cover. One of his books on warding theory, he was pretty sure.

"I mean," Joshua started with a shrug. "They are kind of complicated and abstract, but after some studying they kind of make sense. Did you start from the easy ones?"

"I think? They weren't very easy though," The girl pouted and he rolled his eyes. Making his neck crack, the man stood up, only getting a slight squeeze from Nagini who sat wrapped over his shoulders.

Walking around the table, he took a look at the teenager's piles of books, checking that they were, indeed, what he had used to get started. 'Odd, why would she think this is that difficult?' He wondered, considering what to do. In the end, he sighed and sat next to her.

"What don't you understand then?" He asked, nodding towards the tomes.

"I just… I get lost in all the factors that have to be taken into account," She mumbled defeatedly. Her fingers clutched the book while her eyes seemed to try and burn a hole through the thing.

"It makes sense, doesn't it? Wards can affect a pretty wide area, and everything inside has some kind of energy that would affect it in some way. That's why one has to consider everything that will be inside. Like, if it's a forest, or a shore, or a desert. Will there be many people inside regularly? Do they have low magic levels or high ones? Are they from any particular species? After all, some of them are more magically attuned or magically resistant and that might mess up with the ward. There's also the fact that some random insect or animal might..."

Joshua trailed off at the lost look on Jeanne and sighed.

"I just… I get it… kind of," She said once he stopped talking, losing confidence as she went on. "But I can't get the right values for all that? How am I supposed to determine the number that should be applied for a highly dense forest? What even is the difference between highly dense and just dense?" She asked, looking like she was a step away from tearing her hair out.

"Well, that's… I think it's explained in one of these," He mused, picking up a few. "Yeah, this one," Joshua nodded as he held up the correct tome. "It explains pretty well how to know those things."

The man blinked when he received no thanks or any other positive answer. Instead, Jeanne looked absolutely defeated. He raised an eyebrow.

"I've already read that one..." The girl mumbled, looking away from him. "It just… it doesn't make any sense to me. Any of these," She all but whined as her hands signaled the entire collection of books.

"I don't know what to tell you, Jeanne," Joshua said, grimacing all the while. Internally, he cursed his social ineptitude. Was he supposed to keep encouraging her? Comfort her?

"Doesn't matter," The girl replied, slumping down. "I guess magic is not my thing." After those words, she rested her elbow on the table, putting her cheek on her hand and picking at one book in particular as she spoke again. "Maybe I'll be lucky and I'll have a Sacred Gear."

"A what?" Joshua asked, his voice giving away his confusion as he tilted his head.

"A Sacred Gear, haven't you read this one yet?" She asked, pulling on the book she had been poking and showing it to him. 'Artifacts of God I,' The cover read. "They are, supposedly, God's literal gift to humans. Some of us may be born with one of these artifacts and manifest it through our lives. Once a holder dies, the artifact is 'sent'," She explained, making the '' with her fingers. "to another newborn being with human blood in them."

"Sounds pretty cool," Joshua admitted, taking the book that she offered him and skimming over the first few pages. Just the first thing he read about, which seemed to be considered a 'Low Tier Sacred Gear' doubled the user's power for a certain time. Which was pretty damn insane if anyone asked him. "Really cool, actually. But what are the chances of that?" He asked the girl, only receiving a shrug as her expression remained dejected.

"I don't know?" She muttered, looking down. "The book says it's not very common, and I believe it. The supernatural wouldn't remain very hidden if everyone had a Sacred Gear… but I have the voices right? I'm not nor… mal..." She trailed off and her eyes unfocused. 'The voices?' Joshua wondered.

The man took that moment of distraction from his companion to wonder about those voices. He was still pretty sure they were the real deal, and that they were somehow related to the weird glowy screen that he had seen when he met Jeanne. They also made for a curious tool to have, although they hadn't proved very useful so far. Hell, this was the first time that week that he had seen Jeanne do that, which meant that they didn't speak very often, or at all.

On the topic of the screen though, Joshua still had no idea what the real requirements for that Quest were. After all, he had picked up Jeanne, he had given her a place to stay, food and clothes, he was even kind of teaching her about the supernatural, even if it was more like learning with her. And still, the Quest remained uncompleted.

"Did the voices say anything?" He asked, as the girl's blue eyes regained their focus on reality.

"I don't know," She frowned, looking at nowhere in particular with a scowl on his face. "They said something about holy creation and blades and power gifted from the past… I'm not sure what all that was about."

"Well, they said that right after we talked about Sacred Gears, maybe they are giving you clues?" He guessed, unsure. It wasn't even like he was lying to her to cheer her up. Joshua really thought that might be a possibility. However, his knowledge on Jeanne's voices was next to non-existent, so he didn't have much to base his theories on.

"You think so?" The girl asked, turning a hopeful expression towards him and making him curse his mouth for not remaining shut. Now he would feel awful if she found that she didn't have a Sacred Gear. "No, you are right!" She replied to herself, turning towards the book with a determined expression and all but tearing it out of Joshua's hands as she started reading.

The man watched the teenager for a moment with an awkward smile before his gaze moved to the serpent on his shoulders. Nagini gave him her equivalent of a shrug, giving her head a curt wiggle and he shrugged right after her. At least Jeanne wasn't depressed anymore.

'Still,' Joshua thought, his eyes narrowing as he moved back to his seat. 'Sacred Gears… That sounds like something that would play an important part in a story...' He made a mental note to take a look through the book to see if it stirred something in his memory. 'Why do I feel like I should remember something? Kind of like with the Khaos thing back in the Hunter's house...' With a sigh, he focused back on his book.

It was, predictably enough, a book about Wards. Detection Wards, to be exact. The whole thing was about that, actually, which was what had initially got Joshua's attention. After all, most of the books he had seen so far either detailed several of them or went on a tangent regarding some general aspects of warding. But a book that was actually all about one ward? And one as thick as this one? That was a first and he had to see the reason for that.

As it turned out, Detection Wards could be used with a variety of purposes. The first was the obvious one, of course, to detect if something or someone entered the perimeter of the ward. Then came the ones he had expected a bit less, like monitoring where inside the ward something or someone was, or seeing how something or someone inside was. They could even detect certain specific or not-so-specific spells being cast inside or targeting the inside of the ward. Those were just a few uses he had found so far.

Joshua was particularly curious about the function he had found that tied the Ward to the caster or even someone else, being able to show them in the shape of a circle and display for them if something happened. Some even involved the tied person being able to call on the ward's circle to show the current state of it. Joshua would admit that a part of him was curious to see if that would be applied into a System screen like the Storage Spell had been or not, but that didn't mean that he wasn't interested in the Ward per se, because he certainly was.

Call him paranoid, but Joshua very much wanted to be aware if someone was inside his apartment and, once he really started thinking about it, inside the Hunter's house. He had, so far, assumed that the crazy bastard had been a lonely son of a bitch without friends, but, if in some sort of twisted mockery of life he did have like minded people around him, Joshua wanted to know. Especially having been at the place several times, the last thing he wanted was someone going there and somehow following some trail Joshua was unaware of towards his home.

For that matter, he could ward the area in the forest where he trained. He was already regularly casting a barely powered Concealing Ward over there to train the spell. He could add that to his practice. It would leave him even more tired than he normally started, but that just meant that he would go straight into Meditation practice after casting both wards.

'Chore as it is to study wards, they are pretty interesting,' Joshua had to acknowledge as a small smile spread over his face. Maybe it was because he had already gotten used to it, or maybe it was because he enjoyed coming up with ways to use his spells, or maybe it was just that wards were the only real type of magic he had access to, spatial not counting since he only had one spell for that one. Regardless of any of that, he was quickly coming to enjoy both learning about it and putting it into practice.

'Now, if I could use it in a fight that would be great,' He thought wryly. Wards were a great way to avoid a fight, which Joshua was all for, if he was honest. However, there was no denying that they were also next to useless when the confrontation was inevitable. 'Or… are they?' Joshua paused as the gears in his mind started turning.

[}-o-{]​

"You do this… every day?" Jeanne asked and Joshua had to stop himself from rolling his eyes. The girl always said the same thing after running through the forest during his workouts. He didn't say anything to her complaining since, at first, he understood and, once a week had passed, he just accepted it as part of his routine. If the teenager still came with him, then she didn't really have a problem with the exercise.

"Less complaining more working," He replied instead, a small half-smile on his face as Jeanne whined loudly. "What'll you do today? Meditation or target practice?" He asked, pulling out the revolver. The girl, herself, looked at the gun with wary eyes.

"I still don't get why you practice with that… or the knives for that matter," She voiced and he hesitated for a moment. Joshua didn't precisely want to hide his encounter with the Hunter… but he still didn't want to just… spill all that on Jeanne either. He was saved from having to answer though, because as he opened his mouth, to say what even he didn't know, her eyes unfocused.

'The voices again, huh?' Joshua recognized. It was the second time it happened now, or at least the second time he was aware of. It was also still weird to witness, if he was honest.

"What… What is that supposed to mean?" Jeanne asked out loud, although she didn't look at him. When she turned, she was met with a raised eyebrow from her older companion. "They said something about monsters and hunters lurking around all the time," She explained and Joshua tensed up.

"They are not wrong," He nodded slowly. "I've seen some dangerous stuff and I've only been aware of this side of the world for like… a few months now."

"Really? What did you see?" The girl asked, curious and eager to learn. Joshua, for his part, grimaced.

"I met another magician… he was fond of hunting other magicians," He explained, keeping it short and simple. The last thing he wanted to do was go into detail about that story. However, he also couldn't just hide that from Jeanne, the girl needed to know the kind of stuff that she could find herself against. Especially since she seemed adamant in diving head first into that world and abandoning the mundane one.

"Hunting... " She said slowly, as if she couldn't understand what he was referring to. After a second and maybe a look at his grim expression, her face paled and her eyes flew wide open. "You don't mean-"

"I want to be prepared if there's a next time," Joshua replied, cutting her off as he gripped the revolver in his hand. 'When, not if,' He corrected in his mind. After all, he knew the odds of finding himself against something bad were higher than he would have liked them to be.

"Hm… I'll… I think I'll meditate. The book said it's a common way to awaken Sacred Gears anyway..." Jeanne's voice reached him weakly, not at all like the bubbly personality he had found to be her normal one. Still, it made sense to him that she would so usually devolve into that hesitant and afraid mindset. He would have been too, if he had run away by himself and found himself facing a completely different world than what he knew.

'I would know,' He thought wryly as he started setting a Soundproofing Ward so that he wouldn't disturb the girl's exercise. 'I'm going through the same thing, after all,' He added, thinking about how he had woken up in that hotel bathroom.

"Joshua?" He heard Jeanne call out and he turned to face her. He expected to see her still hesitant, or afraid. He expected her to maybe tell him that she would go back to the apartment, having lost her determination after that rather off-putting conversation. However, what he found was a smile. Small, but resolute. "Thank you… for taking me in… I know it isn't easy for you… and also, for helping me with… all this stuff."

"Don't worry," He tried to reassure her, but it was his turn to be cut off.

"No… I know that it's a lot of trouble for you to take me in," She told him, frowning and pouting. "So… thank you, for still helping me."

"Don't mention it," He nodded, a smile on his face as she relaxed.

"Still," She continued, and he turned towards her once more. "I would like to help out. Since I'm not going to school… Do you think I could get a job?" She asked, all her determination leaving her as she went back to nervous teenager mode.

'Why did she have to ask me though? It's not like I can actually tell her not to do something,' Joshua thought to himself.

"Sure. I can ask Peter if he would like to hire my 'cousin'," The man replied, making the '' with his fingers, drawing a grin from the girl herself. "And if not we can ask around. I found a job a lot easier than one would think, honestly."

"Great," Jeanne nodded, still beaming.

That was a relief, if Joshua was honest with himself. He could support them both with his job at the cafe, especially since he was starting to get more and more tips, probably due to his increasingly high Cooking level. It was, however, still a difficult enough situation that had him thinking how to resolve it. Jeanne deciding to help out was certainly a welcome solution.

"We haven't seen either of you around here. Are you new?" Joshua tensed and turned towards the new voice in the clearing in the forest.

His hand, still holding the revolver, tightening its grip. The other moved quickly towards his back pocket where his cards sat at the ready. Not only was this person coming out of nowhere in the middle of a forest but they had also found them inside a Concealing Ward. They were, at the very least, supernaturally aware, that much Joshua knew.

His eyes found three people. One big, hulking man with an armour piece covering his chest. Another man, average in height and wearing robes. And the last one with a bow, arrow already placed and string drawn, pointing straight at him.

"It's not very nice, to come into someone else's territory without even saying hi," The robbed man continued speaking. Joshua had to hold back a grimace as the voice instantly reminded him of the Hunter. That same fake, amused tone that he had been mocked with. "We are from Khaos Brigade, by the way, nice to meet you."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I'm sure people will complain about me leaving it at that, but I've found myself growing more and more fond of cliffhangers as I continue writing. Maybe it's because they usually get some kind of reaction from readers.

Regardless of that though, there's another pretty big thing that happened in this chapter and that's us finding out that Joshua doesn't remember the DxD world. I was originally going to have him do so, but I really like this slowly learning more and more about the world. It is very entertaining for me and it seems to be for some of you guys in the audience, so I'll continue with it. As far as Joshua knows, he is in a completely new world for him.

Random Question: If you could choose one of Joshua's pets for yourself, which one would you take?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:GMAN1701, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 381 others
Adrian King
Jun 30, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12 - Chaos New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#53
Chaos

"Territory?" Joshua asked, feigning confusion as his mind instantly went to the map that he had taken a picture of. 'So much for staying hidden, huh?' He thought sarcastically.

"Oh, you don't know?" The armored one asked, looking clearly amused. "How did a magician get inside our territory without knowing?"

"I'm… kind of new?" Joshua tried. "I only started learning magic from a book I found a few months ago."

"Oh, a baby, huh?" The robed one mocked with a grin that still reminded Joshua entirely too much of the Hunter.

"He lied," The one with the bow pointed out and he felt his shoulders tense up. "He knew it was our territory. Everything else was true though," He said and Joshua had to stop and wonder how he had even known.

"Oh?" The bigger one tilted his head curiously. "How'd that happen?"

"Does it matter?" The robed one asked with a crazed chuckle. "He clearly isn't from one of the associations. Nobody will miss him."

Joshua felt a chill run down his spine at those words. 'Please, be normal people,' He pleaded in his mind as he looked at the other two. To his horror, the others looked simply annoyed. No disgust, no reproach, no sympathy.

"Wh-What do you mean?" Jeanne asked. By her voice, it was clear that she had a very good idea of what they meant, but her brain refused to believe that. Joshua didn't blame her at all. He had already been through something similar and he still couldn't believe this was happening right at that moment.

"You see, little lady," The guy started speaking. Meanwhile, Joshua looked around, his eyes darting left and right taking in everything. "The supernatural world is a dangerous place, full of crazy people," The man lectured.

'It's just the three of them,' Joshua noted. 'Tank type, Rogue type and Mage type, if I have to guess,' He added, looking at the strangers. At least, that's what he got from just one look, although he took that with a grain of salt, since appearances could be deceiving. 'The Rogue lowered the bow though,' He saw. 'Probably doesn't see us as a threat and wants to leave us to his crazy partner?'

"And that's why one has to be able to defend themselves," The robed one took a step forward as he spoke, raised a hand and a bright red circle appeared in front of it. "Because if you don't-"

He was interrupted by an empty bookshelf appearing right in front of the girl. Joshua had thrown a card right there with a piece of furniture taken from the Hunter's house that he had stored for that specific purpose, to act as a barrier. It did it's job marvelously, the fireball the man had sent Jeanne's way hitting it instead.

"Run, Jeanne!" Joshua shouted, pulling up the revolver. Mentally, he called for his Bloodlust skill. It was still Lvl 1, so it probably wouldn't do much, but he could hope. The other Magician moved his hand towards him and this time a blue circle appeared.

"You think you can just take me like th-"

He was interrupted again by a gunshot. Silence followed and then a loud thud of a body hitting the floor. The magician's eyes looked at Joshua wide open, while the archer looked at the fallen armored man. Two things happened in a second then, the first one was that Jeanne started running away and the second was that Joshua pointed his weapon towards the stunned magician.

He was disappointed though, when the man was clearly not shocked enough to not put another shield up. Joshua would have gone for another shot then, but the man with the bow pulled it up and put an arrow pointed right at him immediately. With that, he could only do one thing and that was throw himself aside to avoid the projectile.

"You are so, so dead," The robed man growled at him and he rolled aside just as a fireball hit the spot he had been in. Without aiming at all, he shot the revolver again, if only to annoy the other two and buy himself a second to breathe. It didn't work out too well, because an arrow grazed his shoulder then.

'Fuck, should have gone for the archer,' Joshua thought as he felt the burning sensation on his arm.

He shot another two magical bullets. He didn't want to though, he really didn't, because every single one was energy he was spending, tiring himself and exhausting a resource that he would need when he actually could aim. However, he couldn't afford to not shoot either, since that would mean his enemies would get that time to aim too.

He hated the situation too, because he was clearly at a disadvantage in several ways. Joshua wasn't only in the side with less people, but also in the one that had less firepower and less experience. With another two shots from his revolver, one of which hit close enough to the magician that it not only interrupted his spell but it also sent the man to the floor.

There wasn't a second for him to celebrate that small victory though, as he jumped once again, to dodge another arrow. 'Where does he even get them fr-'

"Fuck!" He screamed. He had been too slow. The projectile hadn't embedded itself on his leg, but it left a clear, deep and very painful cut on his calf. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" He repeated with a snarl. His hand raised the revolver once more as the other moved to take a card from his pocket. He fired without stopping as he tried to get the archer with one of his attacks. Joshua didn't even want to take him out, he would have been happy with a wound of any kind.

No such luck, however. The man was clearly much better at dodging than he was as he moved gracefully around, avoiding all his attacks like they were nothing. What is more, he did so while also readying one of his own.

'At least I had enough time,' Joshua thought, his breath growing ragged, both because of the situation and his growing weariness due to the magic being sucked from him by his own weapon. He felt yet another bit of his energy leave him as he activated the storage circle on the card he pulled out, a bunch of knives coming out. They were the knives he used for practicing in the forest. This time, they would be used in a real situation.

Joshua threw himself to the ground as the archer took another shot. He darted to see the magician scrambling to his feet, any second now it would be back to him being overwhelmed by numbers alone, let alone skill. He couldn't afford that.

Pushing himself to his feet with all the strength he could muster and picking two knives at the same time, he threw them straight at the magician. The man screamed when they both hit him, Joshua internally sighing in relief. One had even buried itself right on the magician's back while the other cut his leg. All this sent him back to the ground.

His inner celebration was cut short by a shot of pain coming right from his left shoulder, where there was now the back end of an arrow peeking out. He screamed no words this time, simply announcing his pain for everyone to know as his legs gave out from under him and he fell to his knees.

Joshua's right hand shot towards the wound, stopping short of touching it because he knew that would hurt even more. His attention though, was taken completely from the fight as his brain focused only on the pain and the wound he had just suffered. He wasn't even aware enough to realize how big a mistake that was.

He was brought back to the present by a hiss that cut through the entire scene of what was happening. His eyes moved to the side, idly noticing that the archer did the same thing, bow still pointed at him. Joshua was shocked at the sight that greeted him. Over where the magician had fallen, there was something else now. A grey creature with beady black eyes loomed over the man that was still twitching on the ground, trying to reach for the knife that had embedded itself on his back.

'Nagini?!' Joshua recognized easily just as the snake snapped forward, fangs almost shining as she lunged for the magician. The man let out a pitiful cry as she bit his neck and proceeded to wrap herself around his neck. Then and there, there was none of the tenderness that the Black Mamba would show Joshua, no, there was only aggression.

"What the fuck?" The archer exclaimed, clearly surprised by the turn of events. "Where the fuck did that snake come from?!" He screamed.

That was enough time for Joshua to regain his bearings, at least a little. Gritting his teeth, he forced his body to move despite the arrow on his shoulder. He groaned as he leaned down to pick up another knife, or the revolver, whatever was closest.

"Oh no, you don't," The archer shouted and Joshua inwardly cursed, preparing himself to feel another arrow hit him, maybe even worse. Flashes of loud noises, bent metal and gushing blood appeared in his mind. The pale faces and the last words of his parents echoed in him again.

As if to mock him, at that moment, his hand wrapped around the handle of the revolver. It was as if reality had told him that yes, another second and he could have fought for his life some more. Maybe he would have even survived, with just another moment…

The arrow never came. There was no pain and no silence. Instead, a screech echoed through the forest. Just like it had happened some time ago in the Hunter's house, Joshua saw a mass of black and white fly in the air towards the archer. 'Cheshire,' He recognized instantly, this time not even surprised anymore.

With a shaky hand, he brought up the revolver, trying his best to aim at the thrashing archer as the man tried to get the feline off of his face. His teeth all but grind together as he tried to force the weapon to remain steady with no success.

"Get out of there, Cheshire!" He called out, because there was no way in hell he was shooting with his familiar there, even if he managed it. 'Come on,' He told himself, taking a deep breath in through his nose. His fingers almost dug into the handle of the gun and then, he finally reached his goal just as the feline jumped away.

"No, wait!" The archer tried, but the gunshot silenced him, making his body snap back.

Then, silence fell on the forest. The birds didn't sing, probably scared away by the fight. Not even the leaves on the trees moved as the wind seemed to suddenly die, just like his enemies. His eyes looked at the magician, who laid just as still as his comrades, Nagini still wrapped around his neck. Then, he looked at the ones that he had killed. The armored one and the one with the bow.

Then, a blue screen appeared in front of him.

[Quest Complete: Kill a member of Khaos Brigade (x3).

Rewards:

+ Random Stat (x3).]

For a long moment, he stared at the screen, as if his mind couldn't process it. Then, detachedly, he called for his Status screen. 'Two points to Speed and one to Vitality, huh?' He thought neutrally. Before he could even snap out of his stunned state, several screens appeared in front of him.

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

[Throwing Weapon Mastery has gone up a level.]

[Revolver Mastery has gone up a level.]

[Bloodlust has gone up a level.]

[Bloodlust has gone up a level.]

[Bloodlust has gone up a level.]

[Physical Resistance has gone up a level.]

'Huh, fighting is productive,' Joshua thought then, his mind feeling sluggish. A meow distracted him as he turned to meet Cheshire's amber eyes while the feline started making her way towards him. Blinking, he looked towards Nagini then, the snake following the cat's example and slithering her way towards him. 'Why do I get the impression that they are… worried?' He thought then, slightly confused.

'Oh,' He blinked again as he remembered that he still had an arrow on his shoulder.

The pain immediately returned to the forefront of his mind.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne]

"Run!" The voices had screamed in her mind and, like she had done for years, she listened. Her brain didn't even have to process what they said, especially not when it was delivered with such urgency and strength. Her legs started moving before she even finished processing the order.

'I'm never complaining about Joshua's running training,' She thought when her mind finally caught up, only to almost freeze mid dash and stumble forward. 'Joshua?' She looked around, expecting to find the dark haired man around, hear the branches and leaves under his feet.

Instead, she heard the familiar sound of his revolver, something that she had gotten used to through the days of training they did together. The sound breaking through the Sound Dampening Ward Joshua had placed around the place and reaching her in a much lower volume than it would have otherwise. 'He… stayed?' She asked herself, unable to understand the concept. Why would he tell her to run if he was going to follow his own order?

"Savior," The voices whispered, just like they had when she first met Joshua and a pit formed in her stomach. When another shot echoed in the forest, she almost turned around. "Run," The voices told her, and she froze. They hadn't shouted this time, but there was just as much power in the word.

'And just… leave him there with them?... With… him?' Jeanne asked herself and her disembodied advisers, feeling a shudder travel down her body as she remembered the robed man's words and overall disposition. 'Creepy bas-'

Two more gunshots reached her ears, making her twitch.

There was a short pause before more shots followed, each followed by another, with barely a moment between each of them. 'I should help-' She started to think, only to be interrupted by the voices. They seemed to grow… she would have said angry, or annoyed, but that wasn't it. They sounded more… authoritative, in a way.

"No," They told her. "Run," They repeated stubbornly. A few stray voices separated from the group and added. "Or wait," They whispered softly, as if trying to be understanding. Jeanne paused and turned, only to see a flash of light accompanied by another shot. She couldn't see the actual fight though, she had run too far for that.

'But I could-'

"No, you can't," The voices denied her even the thought and she flinched. "Not ready. Not trained. Not armed. Not accompanied by the Holy."

'What is that last thing even supposed to mean?' She thought.

"I've seen some dangerous stuff and I've only been aware of this side of the world for like… a few months now." Joshua's words echoed in her mind.

It was almost cliche, how just after that conversation they were attacked like they were. One second he and the voices were explaining to her that the world they lived in was dangerous and the second… She paused… the voices had told her something about needing the training Joshua was having her do. Then she complained and then he told her… but…

'You knew this would happen?' She asked, for the first time in a long while wondering just what the voices were and how they worked. It was a question that she had stopped going back to long ago, tired of receiving no answers. However, the voices had never actually predicted anything. It was always advice, warnings, information even, but no predictions.

"Chaos is everywhere. Infinity grows impatient."

'I hate it when you give me non-answers,' Jeanne complained internally, only to be distracted by yet another gunshot. This one though, was followed by silence. The girl waited with a bated breath for something to happen.

She didn't even know what she wanted to happen. Did she want to hear Joshua still struggling in a fight for his life? At least that meant he was alive, right? Or did she want the fight to be over? But what if that meant Joshua had died?

He was alone with the robed man and the archer. At least he had…

He had killed the other man.

Jeanne's brain finally stopped ignoring what she had just witnessed before running. She was more confused and scared than she was disgusted, if she was honest with herself. How was she even supposed to feel about the death of a man that would have just watched as Joshua and herself were killed? How was she supposed to feel about Joshua killing him?

Joshua, the same man that she regularly saw playing with Cheshire, Nagini and even Morag, on occasion. A man playing with a snake and a spider had no right to be as wholesome as he always looked when he was with his pets. He would even, sometimes, let out this small smile that Jeanne quite liked to see. A smile that she knew came from his very heart.

Joshua, the same man that would try to teach her Ward Magic and his Storage Spell only to hit the wall that was her apparent inability to understand magic calculations. The man that, even with that, still sat next to her and studied with her, be it magic or something else about the supernatural. Patiently explaining things that more often than not went over her head, although he didn't seem to care much about that last part.

Joshua, the same man that had taken a girl from the streets, used his hard earned money to buy her clothes and even gave her a room full of furniture. He had even gone out of his way to put even more stuff in her bedroom than what she had told him. She had a feeling that he hadn't exactly paid for any of that, but she didn't care at the time.

He had no reason to help her. No reason to go through the trouble and hardship that it would be to maintain her. He wasn't related to her, he didn't even know her before that day and still did so anyway.

And now, he was fighting.

"For you as much as for himself," The voices confirmed her suspicions. Another thing to add to the list of things she owed him for. Next to picking her up, buying her things and accepting her without asking for anything in return.

'Am I just going to stand here?' Jeanne asked herself, hating the fact that, as much as she wanted to be brave and go help Joshua, she was too afraid to move. 'Move!' She demanded of her legs, but her own body seemed to ignore her.

"Safe," Many voices whispered in her head, making her head snap up. "Most probably," Some others agreed. "Be careful," They all adviced and she nodded hesitantly.

Slowly, she started moving back to where it all started, being careful to hide herself behind trees all the while, just in case. She felt silly, really. There she was, tiptoeing around the forest, hiding behind trees like a little girl playing hide and seek. However, she did not dare to just walk there without a care. She didn't want to be seen if those people were still around.

"Careful where you step," The voices whispered and almost fell on her face due to the surprise.

'You are really chatty today,' Jeanne pointed out, not receiving a reply this time. She so wanted to roll her eyes at that.

"Eeep!" The girl shrieked when a screech caught her off guard. She turned then, wide eyed and shaking only to see Cheshire standing there. Jeanne almost expected the cat to give her an amused look or something of the sort, all of Joshua's pets were entirely too intelligent and, more often than not, smug too. Well, familiar, in the cat's case, or so she had been told.

Instead of that, or any other reaction she might have seen coming from Cheshire, she dashed towards Jeanne, bit into her pants and started pulling her towards the clearing. Slightly out of it, she started walking at the cat's insistence, unsure of what could have put her in such a state. Then a thought crossed her mind and she paled.

"Probably," The voices said, not reassuring her in the slightest.

'No… Joshua is fine,' Jeanne told herself as she started jogging and then running. 'He's fine,' She repeated.

Joshua was not fine. At. All.

When she arrived back at the clearing, she was met with four men down on the ground. The ones that had attacked Joshua and her didn't move, and she knew exactly what that meant. However, all her attention focused solely on the man that had helped her when she most needed.

Joshua laid propped against a tree, his leg was bleeding and his right hand was on his left shoulder, holding it while… While an arrow peeked out of it. Jeanne gulped at the sight. He was pale, his eyes unfocused as he looked at himself. Nagini was wrapped softly around his left hand that laid limply on the ground next to him, seemingly hissing something at him in a soft noise that Jeanne had never heard from the snake.

Cheshire gave an equally soft meow and approached her master looking nothing like the proud feline that she always was.

"Cheshire?" Joshua called, wearily turning his head to look at the cat. The girl saw the corner of his mouth twitching up. "Jeanne?" He asked this time, noticing that she was there too. She hated the note of surprise in his voice. Did he think she would just leave? She could understand that, but at the same time…

"What do I do? How can I help?" She asked, desperately fidgeting with her hands, as if that would give her an answer.

"Treatment" The voices whispered unhelpfully.

"I know that!" She shouted, unknowingly responding out loud instead of in her head.

"My backpack," Joshua said weakly and she almost appeared next to the thing by how fast she moved. "There's a card… I drew a red cross on a corner... out of the circle... Can you bring it here?" He explained, seemingly unable to get through a whole sentence without pausing.

The pit in her stomach grew as she frantically looked for the thing. 'It's here somewhere, just look,' Jeanne told herself, growing more and more nervous as the seconds seemed to pass by.

"Here!" She screamed, letting out a short, relieved laugh as she smiled and turned to look at Joshua. Her victory died a quick death as she saw his head had fallen to the side. Cheshire looked at her, giving a mournful plea. "Nonono, Joshua!" She called as she stumbled her way over to him. "What do I do now? How do I take this out? Please, tell me!"

She had never hated her inability to understand magic as much as she did at that moment. He had tried time and time again to teach her the Storage Spell if not Wards. It was a very useful skill, he had told her. Instead, she had given up, focusing on finding a Sacred Gear that she wasn't even sure was actually there.

'What do I do? Please!' She begged the voices this time, when Joshua didn't show any signs of being awake at all. She became very aware of how much his shoulder was bleeding and that was nothing compared to his leg. At least his shoulder had the arrow there still, holding some blood back. His leg was …

Desperately, she picked up one of Joshua's knives from the ground, cutting off the sleeve of her shirt to use as a bandage or whatever. She just wanted to stop the bleeding if she could. Maybe use the other sleeve for his shoulder? 'That sounds like a good idea,' She told herself.

"Useless," The voices told her, full of sympathy contradictorily enough. She would have prefered it if they had been mocking. At least then it would have been easier for her to ignore.

As she wrapped the sleeve around Joshua's calf, she saw Nagini lay her head down, wrapping on herself. Cheshire let out a soft noise that Jeanne couldn't even name and rubbed her head against her master's side. Jeanne, herself, looked on, a single tear falling from her eye.

'Why is everyone acting like there's nothing to do? We can still save him...' She thought.

Her hands fell as the strength seemed to leave her.

'We can still save him, right?' She sounded even less sure the second time, even in her head.

"Sure… You can come," She remembered Joshua's words when they met. It felt like a lifetime ago for her, now that she stopped to think about it.

"You can't die," She mumbled as she looked at his closed eyes. "You… you said you would help me find a job, remember?" She asked, receiving nothing but silence in return. "Remember?" She repeated in a whisper that only she could have heard.

Was that it?

Was she going to be alone again?

After finally finding someone that accepted her, voices and all.

After finding something that could have been called a home, something that she had never realized she was looking for…

No.

'No,' She thought, her eyes growing determined. 'This can't be it… This isn't it...'

Without her even noticing, her hands were shining.

And then, a sword appeared in them. She looked at it, light colors all around, the blade almost looking white while the guard was golden and simple. Jeanne noted, however, that the thing didn't have an edge.

"A healing blade, born of Gratitude," The voices told her.

Without hesitation, she brought the tip of it towards Joshua's shoulder. She felt her energy being sucked through the guard of the sword, a feeling that was both foreign and still familiar. She was sure this was what Joshua meant when he explained how using magic felt.

The arrow still in the wound broke off right in front of her eyes. She could see the hole in his skin closing, leaving a single completely clean dot of smooth skin in the middle of the blood that had come out of the wound. Without stopping there, she pointed the sword at his leg this time. The sleeve she had wrapped around it was quickly turning red, but it stopped as soon as she started healing the limb. She knew the wound wouldn't be there if she looked for it.

A meow got her attention as she went to slump down to the ground. When she turned, Cheshire pointed to a relatively harmless looking cut on Joshua's shoulder. At least, it was compared to the other wounds the man had suffered. Jeanne gave the cat a small smile. 'Might as well,' She shrugged.

When that was healed too, she sat down on the ground, feeling absolutely exhausted. She gave the cat a smile as she walked over to her and sat on his lap. Jeanne looked as Nagini wrapped herself around Joshua and turned to look at her before giving her a hiss that she was almost sure was a 'thank you'.

"You are welcome..." She paused when Cheshire rubbed her head against her. "... Both of you," She added, earning herself a pleased meow.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I have some doubts about this chapter. I've said repeatedly that I'm not very confident in my fight scenes. However, this time, I don't care much about it. I know that there are mistakes in this fight. Most of them, however, are on purpose. After all, this is Joshua's first real fight and thus, he made many mistakes during it.

Besides that, I don't have anything else to say here. I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Fact: I didn't get to reveal it during the chapter and I probably won't in the future either, so I'll say it here. The archer had a Sacred Gear that let him know when someone lied or told the truth.

Random Question: So… What do you think will happen now?

See you.
Last edited: Jul 3, 2024
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:GMAN1701, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 415 others
Adrian King
Jul 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13 - Oh Well, Oh Well New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#59
Oh Well, Oh Well

When Joshua woke up, he found himself in the back seat of "his" car. For a second, he blinked repeatedly, wondering just why he was there and not back at his apartment. Then, his eyes caught sight of the trees out the window and his eyes widened, flashes of the fight he had coming to his mind.

With a gasp, he sat up instantly, one of his hands flying to his shoulder and his eyes darting towards his leg. The latter of which had proved to be much more dangerous than the arrow that had embedded itself in him. After all, the one that had cut him had been the reason for his passing out, having lost too much blood through it and his other wound. 'Almost died because of an arrow to the leg. Who am I? Achilles?'

There was nothing now, though. He frowned as he looked over his leg, where there was an obvious rip on his pants and they were stained with red. However, his skin was perfectly fine, no sign of a wound anywhere on his limb. Same with his shoulder and even the graze that one of the arrows had left on his arm was gone too.

"I unlocked my Sacred Gear."

Joshua almost hit his head against the ceiling of the car when he jumped, surprised by Jeanne's voice. Gulping down the fear, he turned to look at the girl that sat on the passenger's seat. He twitched when he felt something come in contact with his hand. However, there was no fear this time, because it was the familiar feeling of Nagini's smooth scales.

"So you did..." Joshua mumbled, his voice barely above a whisper. 'I almost died… again...' He thought and it angered him more than it scared him. "Do you know which it is?" He asked, trying to keep his thoughts away from what had happened, from what had almost happened and from what he had done… again. His hand absently scratched under Nagini's head.

He almost smiled when Cheshire appeared from the front seat and jumped on his lap.

"I… don't. I'll have to check the books when we get back," Jeanne replied.

Then, confused, Joshua blinked and turned towards the teenager. The blonde was staring straight ahead through the windshield and the man had a hard time reading her guarded expression. A meow made him turn towards Cheshire, only to see the cat staring at their mutual friend too.

"Jeanne? Everything ok?" He asked, wanting to kick himself a second later. After what had happened, after what she had seen, it was obvious that she wouldn't be fine. The girl seemed to be a second away from telling him just how stupid that question was, but she closed her mouth at the last second and her eyes unfocused.

'What are they telling you, Jeanne?' Joshua wondered.

"You almost died," The blonde said instead of whatever she had wanted to before. He smiled wryly as his hand petted Cheshire.

"Yeah, well, wouldn't be the first time," He commented with false cheer. Evidently, Jeanne didn't appreciate the attempt, and neither did his familiar, who gave him a light bite on his thumb. Even Nagini gave him a smack with her tail.

"Why did you stay, Joshua?" Jeanne asked and he could see tears in the corner of her eyes. He hoped she wouldn't cry though, he was awful dealing with crying people. "Why didn't you run too?"

"They would have gotten us if we ran, Jeanne. That's what I believe, at least," He answered honestly.

"So you played the stupid hero? Why?! You don't know me!"

"I don't know you well," Joshua corrected with the smallest of smiles as he turned his gaze down to Cheshire. "But that doesn't mean I want something bad to happen to you, Jeanne. I'm not like that."

"Are you suicidal?" She asked out of the blue, completely serious. It caught Joshua off guard, if nothing else.

"Why would you even-?"

"I saw the scars, Joshua," She interrupted him.

He blinked repeatedly, not really catching her meaning. Then it dawned on him as his eyes moved towards his wrists. He, more often than not, forgot about those scars, if he was honest. He hadn't made those cuts, he hadn't even suffered through them.

Now that he thought about it, it was good that he wore long sleeves often. However, he would need to see about covering them. A watch would work for one of them, but what to use on the other? He shook his head then, focusing back on the conversation at hand.

"And I know you lost your family," Jeanne continued listing off, this time earning a flinch from Joshua. "You don't get along with your relatives. You don't even have friends outside of Cheshire, Nagini, Morag and me. So… be honest with me, Joshua, are you suicidal?"

"I'm not suicidal, Jeanne," He reassured softly before sighing. "This is just..." He waved his right hand over his left wrist. "It's in the past, Jeanne."

It was better to go with that, Joshua guessed. He couldn't exactly tell Jeanne that he was from another dimension and he was just stuck with those scars. The world they lived in was weird, but he was pretty sure that it wasn't that weird… Or maybe that was just what he hoped.

"I'm not suicidal. It was a decision taken in the moment, it's not like I had time to think of a strategy or anything. I'm the one that can actually fight between the two of us, so I did," He explained as best he could.

Once more, Jeanne opened her mouth to speak only to close it as the voices whispered something that only she could hear. 'God, I really wish I could know what they tell her.' His wish was repeated with more intensity when he saw her cheeks grow slightly pink. He raised an eyebrow as the girl coughed in her hand.

"Anyway… I just… I wanted to say… thank you," She said, barely in a whisper as her blue eyes locked on her fidgeting hands. "For risking your life for me."

"Don't mention it," Joshua reassured softly.

"I'll train," She announced out of nowhere, making him blink in surprise. "I'll see what my Sacred Gear can do and I'll train, just like you. You won't have to fight alone next time, Joshua."

"I would prefer if there wasn't a next time at all," He replied wryly. "But that would be appreciated," He nodded, and this time it was her time to blink owlishly.

"Just like that?"

"What? You thought that I wouldn't want you to fight?" Joshua raised an eyebrow at her. "That would be stupid. Especially since I can't fight all your fights. I think today proved I'm not that good of a fighter," He added self-deprecatingly. "You have to learn to defend yourself in case… In case anything happens," He shrugged, and this time he had a good idea what the voices were telling her when her eyes drifted off. Confirming his words or something, he was sure.

Evidently, he was wrong, because Jeanne turned a dark shade of red all the way down her neck. Joshua was almost concerned for her. Blushing that hard couldn't be healthy. He was, also, very curious about what had been said.

However, he was more curious about something else and his somewhat good mood flew out the car's window.

"I'm surprised though," He said, his tone forlorn as he gazed down at Cheshire, one of his hands moving to play with her soft fur. "I didn't think you would come back… or stay."

He knew that he shouldn't have said that, even before he did. Cheshire seemed to agree with that, because she gave him a glare at the same time that she scratched him with her claws. However, he felt like he needed to voice it anyway, like not doing so would be… wrong, in some way.

"I guessed as much," Jeanne replied, and from the corner of his eyes he could see her turning back towards the windshield, away from him. "You seemed surprised when I arrived back at the clearing."

That had happened? He could barely remember what had happened after he fell to the ground due to his wounds. Still, he guessed she wouldn't lie about that and it sounded plausible enough to him.

"I just… What I did..." He trailed off, unable to find the right words to express what he wanted to say. His eyes found his hand, still with Cheshire's hairs between his fingers. He could almost see the blood in them, even though this time he hadn't actually gotten any on him. 'This time' A corner of his mind repeated.

"It matters," Jeanne voiced, and Joshua turned away from her, even though he knew she wasn't looking at him. "But it doesn't change anything."

That wasn't the answer he had been expecting. At all.

"You've done a lot for me, Joshua. And it sounds stupid, but you are closer to me than any friend I ever had. Closer than even my family. What does it say about me? That someone I met two weeks ago is closer to me than the people that share my blood or shared years of life with me," She added, with a wet chuckle that belied her tears.

He would have liked to say something, to reassure her, to comfort her. However, Joshua had never been good at dealing with people, much less emotional people. Moreover, this was something that directly involved him, which made it even harder to decide what to do or say.

"But… you know me, you accept me. My friends didn't know anything about me, they knew a mask that I used in public. And my family didn't accept me, rejecting what I was," She continued and Joshua could hear the strength coming back to her voice. "That's why… that's why I know you aren't just a… a killer. You are more than that."

They sat inside the car for a moment in silence. It wasn't uncomfortable though, Joshua noticed. It was more like… both of them needed a pause in the conversation, a moment of rest.

"Just..." Jeanne was the first to break the silence. "Don't become like him."

Joshua knew who she meant. She meant the robbed man. However, in his own mind, Joshua pictured the Hunter. He had been, as far as the Davis knew, far worse.

"I won't," He promised. "You won't let me, will you?" He asked, as much to Jeanne as he did Cheshire and Nagini, who he locked eyes with. Both animals gave him a nod, while the girl in the front seat hummed affirmatively. "Now… I guess I'll change clothes and we can go back to the apartment, huh?" He asked, a small smile as he picked up his backpack, which he found on the floor of the car.

Opening it, he rummaged without any energy, searching for his cards. It seemed that Jeanne had made a mess searching for the one he had his first aid stuff in, because they were all over the place. Eventually, he found one where he had spare sets of clothes. Pulling it out and looking up, he locked eyes with Jeanne.

"You'll teach me the Storage Spell, won't you? Please?" She asked, and he was surprised by the weakness in her voice. For the most part, she had sounded stronger and more determined than he had ever heard her. The girl almost sounded like she was pleading.

"Em… sure," He nodded, unsure of where that was coming from. Then he looked at his card and realized the reason. 'She couldn't take out the things from the card I told her to look for...' A sad smile came to his face. "I'll teach you, Jeanne, don't worry. Even if your magic comprehension is abysmal," He tried again, at the end, to bring some cheer to the conversation. This time, he was pleased to see that he succeeded, and he couldn't help but laugh as Jeanne pouted childishly at him.

He almost choked though, when a shining white screen appeared in front of him all of a sudden.

[Quest Complete: Help Jeanne.

Reward:

+New Perk: Holy Element]

"Well, I gotta, you know, change clothes so… I'll go over there," He pointed towards the forest.

"Oh, um, sure, I'll wait here," Jeanne nodded, but he could see her face starting to burn red, embarrassed. He chuckled to himself as he got out of the car and checked his new perk. Interestingly enough, that particular screen was shining white just like the quest one had been.

[Holy Element

Allows the use of Holy Artifacts.]

'Well, another thing to look into,' Joshua thought with a sigh as he walked through the forest a bit until he found a good enough place to change. 'Right next to more Wards and how to use Wards in battle… I'll have to train extra hard too, but, most importantly, I need to get better at hiding, because goddamnit, if someone else finds me like this I'm gonna lose my shit… and probably my life too.'

Evidently, either his Concealing Ward sucked or he had overlooked something. The first one was the most probable, in his opinion, what with how low-level it was. There was also the fact that he didn't put that much magic into the spell when he was setting up for training. However, the second option was equally valid. After all, Joshua would be the first one to admit that he didn't know much about the supernatural.

He had no idea if someone could track him while he was out of his wards, even if he didn't use magic outside of them. 'Can someone find me with just my magical presence or something like that? Or could they track Jeanne's Sacred Gear, maybe? I need more information.'

Which meant more studying…

'I need more hours in a day,' Joshua thought with a drawn out sigh. Then, his eyes moved to his shoulder, now without the shirt with a hole and covered in blood, he could almost forget about the wound he had suffered. He rolled his shoulder, almost being able to feel the arrow that had pierced it.

Blue eyes looked down when he felt something touch his clean jeans. Joshua found Cheshire there, staring at him with that look that usually helped him calm down. Crouching down, he petted her lightly, trying to get his mind away from plans and worries.

"You think Morag will be angry that she missed the action?" He asked jokingly, earning a roll of the feline's eyes.

[}-o-{]​

He wasn't sure about being angry, but the spider definitely felt something for not being there that day, because after that, the small arachnid wouldn't get off Joshua's arm unless he had to leave the apartment. He was slightly unnerved by Morag's new clingy attitude, but he guessed that it would go the same way Nagini's had and he would get over it quickly. A part of him though, couldn't help but find it slightly endearing.

'I miss the days where I was a normal person,' Joshua thought to himself, more amused than anything else as he looked at the black arachnid peeking at him from the back of his hand. With a small smile, he brought a finger slowly towards the spider, who responded by meeting it with one of her small legs.

"Well, break's over, I think," He announced with a sigh, cracking his neck and preparing to go back to his studies. He had three books in front of him. One about Holy weapons, which he guessed would have information about his new Perk's use. Another had, as far as he knew, a variety of Wards that had very niche uses, but he wanted to see if he could find something that he could spin to have an offensive or defensive application in battle. It was a stretch, but he needed something more than normal weapons.

The third, however, differed from the others in the fact that it was more oriented to avoiding fights than helping in them. The book that held the most information about the Concealing Ward he had managed to find. After he was done with that, he would look at any other piece of information he could get his hands on. Nobody would find them if he didn't want them to, that Joshua swore.

One of his hands opened the book regarding the various Wards, just to start preparing for battle. There was no guarantee that he could improve his 'defenses' before someone else found them. Especially now that he had made an enemy of the so-called Khaos Brigade.

"You sure there's nothing we can do?" Jeanne asked from behind him, where she sat on an armchair that he had brought from the Hunter's house and set inside the study of their apartment.

"Like what? I don't have enough money to just leave the city and move somewhere else. And I would also need to find somewhere else to work. It's not so easy to just… move away," He explained patiently, his eyes already scanning the Ward names and usages.

"We could… I don't know..." Jeanne mumbled, sounding like she was trying to come up with something. "I just… I don't like being here when I know these people are out there."

"I don't see any other alternative besides moving or attacking first. And we can't do the second one. Not only are we the ones that know the least about the Supernatural, but we also don't have the power for such a thing," He continued, clicking his tongue. "Also… I don't want to go looking for trouble. Maybe I'm a coward, but I don't want to go after them like that."

"I… don't know what I think about that either… I just don't like doing nothing."

"We aren't doing nothing," He denied instantly. "We are preparing, so that if anything comes our way, we'll be ready."

"I know, sorry, I just..."

"I know," He nodded, understanding. "I'm uneasy too, but there's nothing we can do. We are the ones at a complete disadvantage here… If your enemy is secure in strength, avoid them."

"That's a quote, right?" She asked, curiously tilting her head.

"Yep, The Art of War," Joshua confirmed.

"You've read it?" He could almost see Jeanne perking up as she spoke. He chuckled.

"Nah, but I should. For now, the quotes alone hold lots of wisdom," He explained. "Like, if your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for them."

"Are they though?"

"We don't know, do we? So we have to assume they are," Joshua shrugged.

"If you say..." He blinked as she trailed off and turned slightly, careful not to disturb Nagini on his shoulders, or Morag on his hand, or Cheshire on his lap. 'When did I become the seat for everyone? Who's next, Jeanne?' He wondered slightly amused.

"The voices tell you something?" Joshua asked, already getting used to Jeanne trailing off due to some advice or answer her invisible advisors gave her. When he looked at her though, he realized that he was wrong. Her eyes weren't unfocused as they usually were in such cases. Instead, she was intently looking at the book on her lap. "Did you find your Sacred Gear?" He tried again, only to share a look with Nagini and then Cheshire when the girl remained silent, seemingly having her whole focus solely on the pages.

"Blade Blacksmith," Jeanne replied, as if that was a proper response, going silent immediately after.

Rolling his eyes, Joshua pushed his chair back and went to stand up. Cheshire smoothly jumped on the floor and readily waited to start walking next to him. Morag wasn't the only one that was more clingy after the forest incident, evidently. Nagini was the one that least showed it, but that was because she had always been wrapped around him at every chance she got to begin with.

Making his way towards the blond girl, he peeked over her shoulder to read together with her.

Blade Blacksmith seemed like a good guess for Jeanne's Sacred Gear, in Joshua's opinion. A Mid Tier one, according to the book, that let her create Holy Swords with whatever effect that she wanted so long as it was within her power to make. This last part was important, because it stopped her from making something like a sword that could cut through anything, since something more powerful than Jeanne herself and the energy that she put into the sword wouldn't be damaged by such a sword.

It was, as stated, as good a guess as any other. However, Joshua wasn't entirely sold on that. After all, the only thing that they had to go with was that she had made a sword that could heal appear. For all they knew, it could just be a healing Sacred Gear or something of the sort. If she was sure though, he would trust her on that. After all, she had been the one that had focused more on Sacred Gears while he studied magic and besides, she also had the voices too, which probably would confirm her guess and such.

'Didn't the voices say something about swords and holy?' Joshua tried to recall, but ultimately shook his head. If it came to that, they would only need to test the theory and that would be it. 'The created swords behave like normal Holy Artifacts. However, this aspect of the Sacred Gear is also affected by the user's strength and energy,' He read only to blink a few times. 'What does it even mean with 'like normal Holy Artifacts'?' He wondered. He did, however, make the connection with his new Perk. Now he wanted to know about Holy Artifacts even more.

"This is my Sacred Gear," Jeanne announced with such certainty that Joshua himself was convinced almost instantly. "I can feel it," She added, as if that explained everything. Something must have shown on his face though, because she continued. "And… well, the voices confirmed it too," She said, looking to the side. The girl was still uncomfortable when talking about the voices evidently.

"Ok… Guess you have something to train with now," Joshua nodded, already trying to think of something for her to do with her Gear. 'Maybe she could go all Gate of Babylon on people?' He wondered, having to hold back an amused grin.

"This is amazing, Joshua!" Jeanne exclaimed, snapping out of the laser focus she had been in. Turning towards him with a beaming smile. "Imagine all the swords I could make!"

"It does sound great, yeah," He nodded, being infected with her cheer, his lips twitching up. "Guess you'll have to learn how to fight with a sword," He added and she nodded enthusiastically.

"You too, you could use the swords I make too," She suggested, and in the blink of an eye her confidence was shot down. Joshua almost groaned as he saw it happen. After all, he much preferred when the girl was happy instead of that shy attitude she usually had. The bright side was that she was letting out that joyous side of her more often too. He just hoped the event they had just gone through wouldn't set her back on that.

"I guess. I like my knives, but holy swords sound much more useful," He agreed. He also regretted that the levels he had on Dagger Mastery would be wasted, but it was what it was.

"Hmmmm," She hummed before snapping her head back towards the book, furiously going through the words on the tome. "Aha!" She exclaimed and he raised an eyebrow at her before she explained herself without even looking towards him. What the 'Aha!' was for, Joshua wouldn't know, because Jeanne immediately snapped the book closed and set it down on her lap as she furrowed her brows.

Curious and confused, Joshua traded another glance with his pets, before waiting for something to happen. Evidently, Jeanne had found something that she wanted to show him… Unless she was suddenly adding another quirk to her character besides sudden shyness, voices in her head and spontaneous sword creation. That it was a possibility was both amusing and slightly concerning, truth be told.

In a slight flash of light that curiously enough didn't feel blinding in the end despite how bright it was, a knife appeared in Jeanne's hand. Joshua gazed at it, unable to understand how that had happened. 'Didn't the book say only swords? I'm pretty sure it did.'

"The book said some other things could be made too, with the right mindset. Like, say… a knife being a very short sword?" Jeanne asked innocently and Joshua gave her a wide grin.

"Smart girl," He praised using one hand to mess with her hair. "Really good thinking there."

Instead of complaining or shouting at him for what many would think an annoying gesture, she simply hummed and nodded, a wide, pleased grin on her face.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, in this chapter we deal with the aftermath of Joshua and Jeanne's encounter with Khaos Brigade. The interaction during the first half of the chapter has me a little worried, but not overly so, really. Hopefully, my little bit of confidence isn't unfounded.

Random Question: If you had Blade Blacksmith, what type of sword would you make? I would probably make one that fought by itself… because I'm lazy like that and because a bunch of swords floating around and fighting while I just watch from a distance sounds very satisfying.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:GMAN1701, Asdercol, Dragonace111 and 405 others
Adrian King
Jul 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14 - Push New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#67
Push

[Dagger Mastery has gone up a level.]

'The difference definitely shows,' Joshua thought to himself as he blocked another sword slash directed at him with the daggers Jeanne had made for him. His opponent was unrelenting though, directing another attack at him. The man didn't just stand there, however, and while he raised one of his daggers to block the second attack, his other hand sent a slash of his own.

Joshua's opponent received the hit right on his arm, staggered back, and charged back in as if nothing had happened. If there was anything he hated about his training 'partner' it was that it didn't feel pain and thus, wouldn't stop until Jeanne told him to. It was kind of the point though.

Who was he fighting against? Nobody, really. Or maybe it was more accurate to say that he was fighting just a sword. It was a weird creation, the one his 'cousin' had created, but a very useful one nonetheless.

[Training Flying Holy Sword

Rank - E]

That's what he had gotten when he had cast Appraisal on the thing. It was basically a blunted sword that fought by itself and created the illusion of a wielder. Joshua compared it to shadowboxing, but his opponent could actually hit him. It was a good thing that Jeanne had made it so that getting hit by it was like getting hit with a stick and not an actual blade, or Joshua would have sported many cuts from his training.

It still had a very dumb name though.

Still, he had gained two levels in Physical Resistance as he got used to actually fighting with his daggers. There was, after all, quite a bit of difference between practicing stances that he found on the internet and actually fighting someone. There was also, apparently, quite a bit of difference on how the skills developed when they were used in actual fights and just practices, because Dagger Mastery had gone from measly level 5 to 15 in just over a week.

[Dagger Mastery – Lvl 15/100

Determines the user's ability to fight with a dagger.

Increases damage output when fighting with a dagger by 7.5%.

Increases Speed when fighting with a dagger by 7.5%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting with a dagger by 7.5%.]

The numbers made it seem like small progress, but Joshua knew the truth. He had advanced a lot, it was just that the skills were deceiving. He had a theory that said they didn't actually symbolize his mastery over the given skill, but they were more along the lines of buffs over his natural capabilities. Granted, that first line in the descriptions still clashed a little with this idea of his, but it was the best he could manage at the moment.

Joshua blocked another attack with his daggers, pushing off the sword and going in for a double stab to the illusion of his opponent's body. He blinked when, after the attack was dealt, the projection of a body shimmered in and out of existence. His blue eyes moved to the side, where Jeanne sat in a meditative position, beads of sweat trailing down her forehead.

"Enough for today, huh?" He asked, making the girl release an exhausted breath out. "I told you to just stop if you were feeling tired," He chastised lightly as the sword he had been fighting fell to the ground, the illusion of an opponent disappearing, this time for real.

"I know, I just… I don't want to hinder your training," The girl admitted, looking to the side, ashamed. Joshua let out a long exasperated sigh.

"Jeanne, if it weren't for you, I would still be training only with stances. You couldn't possibly slow me down, get that out of that pretty head of yours," He said with a roll of his eyes. "Now, continue meditating, it should help you regain your energy. I'll go practice throwing now, I guess."

"I know, I know," Jeanne grumbled, even though there was a pleased smile on her face. God knew Joshua would have a hard time beating those confidence issues out of her, but he would do it, that much he swore.

"How are you doing, girl?" He asked then, turning his head to a tree next to him. The question was aimed at Nagini, who was wrapped around a low branch, squeezing as much as she could with her whole body.

Why, some may ask. Well, that had been the result of a somewhat amusing afternoon where he got to have a lengthy conversation with his pets. And by lengthy he meant complicated, since he had struggled to understand what the animals had been trying to tell him. In the end, after much guessing and many snickers from Jeanne as he played charades with his animals, he managed to catch what they wanted.

They wanted to train too.

So far, they had 'improved' if one could call it that, by being themselves, hunting for food and exploring and all that. Now, however, they seemed to have developed a desire to be stronger, probably for the same reasons as Joshua himself did, to survive. Thus, he had done his best to give each of the animals, even Morag, something to do to improve skills that they had or try to find some new ones.

Cheshire, for example, wouldn't change what she did much. After all, she could train basically all her skills while hunting in the forest. Bite, Scratch, Hunt, Extrasensory, all of them benefited from her searching for something and attacking it. He did have her using her claws on tree trunks and biting branches too, but she mostly ran around looking for stuff to kill. She was also very useful for the training of both of the other animals though.

Nagini, as stated, had started using a skill that he had found in her Status screen one day. In hindsight, he shouldn't have been surprised by its appearance, but he was. It was such an obvious thing though, that afterwards he hadn't been able to stop himself from smacking his own forehead.

[Wrap – Lvl 5

Defines the power of the user's constriction when coiled around something.]

It had been an easy enough skill to train, both with branches and actual living targets that Cheshire would provide now and then. That didn't mean that the snake didn't hunt her own prey from time to time, since she had unlocked the Hunt skill too. For the time being, however, Cheshire was the huntress of the group, he would see about training Nagini on that after she got good enough on her Bite and Wrap.

Speaking about Bite, Joshua had trouble finding a way to train that one with both, the snake and the spider. After all, they weren't the same as with Cheshire, since they had Venomous Bite, instead of just Bite, meaning that the Venomous part was the important one. He'd had the idea of letting Morag bite him so that he may gain a Poison or Venom Resistance skill, especially since he now knew that it wouldn't be fatal, but there were a bunch of problems with that.

One such problem was that while a Black Widow's bite wouldn't lead to death, it would be very painful. Moreover, the symptoms were supposed to last between three days and seven, which was a big no-no since he had a job to attend to. Joshua could, maybe, lean on the fact that his System would help reduce that, but still, if he was unlucky he could very well lose several days of work. Peter might be a very reasonable man but Joshua didn't like the idea of taking advantage of his good will.

There was also the fact that… Joshua didn't feel ready to let the spider bite him. He might have gotten a lot better with Morag, no longer fearing having the spider touch him and all. However, letting her bite him was another thing entirely.

So, the spider was mainly training against insects that Cheshire would bring or flies that Joshua lured to her. Morag practiced two things with such 'targets' one was her Venomous Bite and the other was Silk Weaving. The latter though, wasn't in the way that some might think.

Joshua got the arachnid to create a web between her two front legs and then snap forward to trap the insects. He'd gotten that idea researching some types of spiders on the internet and finding one called Net Casting Spiders. Interesting afternoon, that one had been. He'd expected that to create a new skill for Morag, but the system didn't seem to agree with him, simply taking it as Silk Weaving. He'd admit to being a little disappointed with that, but it was still training for his pet and he would take what he could.

He was brought back to the present as his snake pet hissed something at him, clearly focusing more on her exercise than him.

"Don't push yourself too hard, girl," He reminded the snake, who seemed to relax a little. It was kind of funny, how he had to remind all of them, human and animal alike, when they needed to rest. Mainly because they had to remind him of the same more often than not.

Clearing his head of all thoughts, he walked away from that clearing for a bit, carefully staying inside the ward he had set, even if he didn't feel particularly safe there anymore. At least now he had increased the security slightly.

First of all, Joshua had taken to layering several Concealing Wards over their training place, which he had changed locations for, not only because the previous one had been found already, but also because he didn't want to be anywhere near where he had essentially killed three people. He'd read that it was an effective practice, usually used on bases, since it meant that he would need to place the Wards over the span of several days. They interfered with each other though, which meant that putting two Concealing Wards wasn't double the effect, but it still added extra security that Joshua would very gladly take.

Second of all, he'd placed Concealing Wards around the forest and their apartment, mainly on the paths they took, to hide their movements as much as possible. He was pretty sure that someone sufficiently skilled could track their movements with just their magic potential or Jeanne's Sacred Gear. That was his working theory at least and since nobody else had approached them, he liked to think he was right. Which meant that he was doing his damndest to hide both of them at all times, even when they weren't actively doing anything.

Taking a deep breath in, he gripped his knives as he closed his eyes. A second later, he opened them and his arm snapped to one side. A thud sound came from the tree that he'd made one of his targets for the day.

[Holy Throwing Knife

Rank - D]

He didn't know if it was the effect of his training showing more than he expected, or if it was an effect added to the knives by Jeanne's Sacred Gear, but Joshua thought he'd gotten to be much more accurate with his throws as of late. He'd also upped the difficulty of his training, to see if that affected how fast the skill developed and he was reasonably sure that he had been right. Now, instead of just throwing them at a single target, he'd started picking a bunch of trees all around and trying to hit them at random.

Joshua also planned to, maybe, add Jeanne to the equation, painting circles on the trees with different colors and having her call out them at random so that he wouldn't have time to aim and such. After all, he wouldn't always have time to think, much less prepare his attacks, as it had been shown in his fight against Khaos Brigade. Another thing to prepare for was throwing while moving, which he would get to work on once he managed to hit more trees than he missed with his current training. He wanted to be able to hit anything without even having to think about it, only with instinct.

Granted, what he wanted and what he could do were very far away from each other, but he would get there. He just needed time…

He threw a knife harder, splintering the wood of the tree it hit, more because it went a little wide and hit the trunk's side than because of the strength he had put behind it. 'Focus,' He told himself harshly. He didn't have time to get distracted.

They didn't have time, he was aware. That kind of thinking didn't help though, and thus, Joshua had decided to do as much as he could and hope for the best. There was no point in worrying for things that he had no control over.

However, saying and doing were different things. Joshua couldn't stop himself from worrying. Everytime he was outside, he worried that the Khaos Brigade may be able to find him just because he had magic. Everytime he was at his apartment or in the forest, he worried that his Wards may not be strong enough to hide them. Everytime he was training, he worried that he wouldn't be strong enough the next time they were attacked.

The sound of a sword hitting another reached his ears and he felt fear grip at his heart for a split second. His mind found ease when he turned and saw Jeanne fighting a Training Flying Sword with a blade of her own, just like he had been a moment before. He wondered if he'd been so distracted that she'd had time to recover her energy or if she had just decided to keep pushing herself.

It could be either, really.

For a second, he considered asking and maybe telling her to rest some more. However, he couldn't coddle her too much. That would jeopardize her development and that could mean the chances of her dying in a future confrontation being higher.

Besides, Joshua didn't want to be a hypocrite, telling her to train less when he was pushing himself to his limits everyday.

So, instead, he looked at her training for a moment. In her hands was a sword that wasn't actually designed for combat. Jeanne had named it Healing Gratitude, which gave it the privilege of being the only one of her creations to actually have a name. Although, if Joshua was honest, he wasn't too surprised.

[Healing Gratitude

Rank - ?]

If was her highest ranked sword as of yet, being the only one he couldn't see. If he had to guess, it was a C rank, just outside of the scope of Appraisal. Although, he could easily be wrong.

The girl had explained, red faced and stuttering all the way through the conversation, that it had been born of her gratitude to him. That, combined with the Sacred Gear book saying that often the will of the holder affected its performance made it pretty clear that, since there was much more emotional investment on that sword, it was much better than the others. It was also very flattering for Joshua, if he was honest with himself.

With a sigh and a slight smile, he turned back to his training.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne]

"So, how was your first day at work?" Joshua asked with a slight smirk on his face, as if he hadn't been right there through it all. The glare that Jeanne sent his way only made him grin wider before she sighed loudly.

"It looks so much easier than it is," The girl complained even louder. She wasn't really angry though, mostly exhausted. Being a waiter at a cafe looked much easier from the outside, that was for sure. It had been especially tiring when a bunch of customers arrived all at once. It was like having to prepare for several tests at the same time, if Jeanne had to compare it to something. All of them required attention, but she felt like she didn't have enough time for any of them.

Thank whatever god was out there (probably several if her readings held true) that Joshua had been there to tell her to simply serve them one at a time. He'd even helped her out with some of her tables, which was very much appreciated. In his words, he'd have liked to have someone help him during his first few days too, but he wasn't one to complain.

"Are we going to train today?" She asked then, dreading the answer for a moment. She wasn't particularly tired physically, but mentally, she didn't think she had it in her, especially to meditate.

"Nah, I don't think so," Joshua shook his head knowingly and she sighed again, this time in relief. "At least, not in the forest. I guess I'll just do some reading, maybe practice some Wards. I've been meaning to start with the Detection Wards, but… well, I'm kind of like you with your tables," He joked, making her pout.

It hadn't been that bad. She'd confused one order, but it already seemed like she wouldn't ever live it down. Joshua was mean.

"I think I'll do some brainstorming for my swords then," She decided, feeling incredibly lame in comparison to Joshua.

Here she was, with a Sacred Gear that was considered pretty good altogether, being Mid Tier and all, and all she could do was practice swordsmanship and think about what type of swords to make. It sounded much better than it actually was, no matter how much Joshua praised her creations. After all, the more complicated the sword, the weaker they were, to the point where they could break being parried by mundane knives. Not that simpler swords were much better, really. Evidently, she was too weak to make strong swords, it was that simple.

On the other hand there was Joshua, who was always reading, always practicing Wards, throwing knives, fighting with said knives. He was even taking time to train his animals for gods' sake. Jeanne didn't remember the last time she had seen him do anything that wasn't training related besides a moment or two shared with his pets or familiar.

She was honestly getting a little worried. However, it wasn't like she couldn't understand. Jeanne had been there in the forest, after all. She knew what had him worried. She was worried too. It was just… there wasn't much she could do besides what she was already doing and that frustrated her.

She wasn't even making progress with the stupid Storage Spell!

She yelped when something hit her nose, making it sting.

"Joshua!"

"What? You were making that face again," He said, as if that excused anything, the big meanie. "Stop worrying too much."

"Like you are one to talk," She grumbled.

"I know," Joshua admitted, running a hand through his black hair. It was getting a little long, Jeanne mused as she looked at him. Even the man himself had said as much. "It's just… I'm the adult here, you know. I'm supposed to be the one that takes care of you."

She glared at him, and it seemed to be enough for him to reply to her unspoken message.

"I know," He repeated with a sigh. "It's just… I don't want you to feel like you aren't doing enough, ok?" He explained. "Just training with your swords sounds like very little, I bet," And he would be right, Jeanne knew. "But that's not the case," He added.

"What?"

"Your Sacred Gear has a lot of possibilities, Jeanne. It's not as little as you think it is, training with it," He reassured with a slight smile. "You'll be able to make as many types of swords as you want to, one day."

"Doesn't seem like it."

"Jeanne," He deadpanned at her muttered words. "It'll take time, like with everything. Look at me, my Wards are shit. I fail more throws than I hit and that training sword of yours is kicking my butt on a daily basis."

It wasn't true, Jeanne knew. He was exaggerating for her benefit… but she would take it. She knew what he meant, at least.

"Fine," She sighed. "It's just..."

"Don't worry, Jeanne," He put a reassuring hand on her shoulder and she hated how effective that was on her. When was the last time someone had done that for her? "It'll be ok. We just have to do the best we can and it'll be enough."

"He speaks true," The voices agreed, making her deflate as she realized that she really was the one that worried too much. At least, the one that worried about unnecessary stuff. "The Blades of Holy will be enough," The voices told her, and she could only hope that they were right.

"Now, let's go home ok? You know how Nagini gets when we are late," Joshua urged her with a roll of his eyes. A half-smile formed on his face as she giggled. The snake could certainly be pissy if they left her alone for too long, nevermind the fact that Morag was there too.

"Excuse me, sir?" A woman in a uniform that Jeanne couldn't remember seeing before approached them, giving a bemused Joshua a flier before he could even begin to process her sudden appearance. And just like she had approached them, she left, looking for someone else.

Jeanne followed her for a moment with her eyes, but the woman seemed to ignore most others. A few thoughts crossed the blonde's mind and it irked and worried her that maybe she was right. Had she approached Joshua for some reason?

Irked because… that woman wasn't… interested in Joshua, was she? No, surely not. No, Jeanne was just being silly. That wasn't how you approached someone for that, she was sure.

Worried because… because their last and her first encounter with the supernatural people was still raw in her mind. She really wasn't looking forward to another, much less when she had just started preparing herself for real. No, it couldn't be.

"The flier," Several voices sharply told her and her eyes snapped to the piece of paper. "An offer," They whispered, and Jeanne had a hard time telling if they were apprehensive or interested.

"Huh?" Joshua exclaimed, still surprised, although this time it seemed to be more because of what he had been given instead of the woman from before. "It doesn't have a number or an address or anything," He mused, turning the paper around curiously. "'We will grant your wish' and how would they do that?" Joshua asked her with a confused and somewhat amused smile. "I can't even contact them."

"A Devil," A voice told her and she felt her shoulders tense. "A surprisingly equal exchange," They told her and she frowned confused. "Not as dangerous as one might think..."

"Depending, that is," Different voices replied to the first. "Not all Devils are the same."

"Something I should know?" Joshua asked with a raised eyebrow. Jeanne took a moment to relish the fact that there was no apprehension, no awkwardness, no discrimination against her… condition, or whatever it was. He seemed to be genuinely curious about what the voices were telling her.

"They say," She looked around for a second, making sure that nobody was too close. "They say it's an offer… from a Devil," She informed him and she saw him react just like her. Concern creeped into his eyes and she hurried to reassure him. "They said… that not all Devils are the same… that it wasn't as dangerous as it seemed."

This time, his expression turned to disbelief.

"That's what they said," She shrugged, looking down and to the side.

"I… see..."

"They said," She rushed to add, almost forgetting already. "That it depended on the Devil, that not all of them are the same."

"Ok..." Joshua nodded slowly, eyeing the flier on his hand for a moment before pocketing it. "I don't suppose you came across a book about Devils from our little library, did you?"

She shook her head as they started walking once more.

"I guessed as much," He grimaced. "Let's search to see if there's anything about that. If not, we'll have to see if we find anything on the internet."

Jeanne joined him with a grimace of her own. The internet wasn't the kind of thing she wanted to leave her fate to, if she was perfectly honest. Joshua seemed to be of the same mind because he nodded at her and continued speaking.

"If it comes to that, we won't be using this… whatever it is," He decided, patting his pocket. The girl could only agree. The voices only said that they might not be as bad as they thought, not that they wouldn't be. It wasn't good enough to risk it, for either of them.

At least not yet, that is.

With how things had been as of late and how worried they were. Jeanne feared that they would have to do it even if they didn't want to. If it came to that…

"The Blades of Holy shall smite them then," A voice exclaimed rashly. "Holy, the bane of Devils, we shall punish their daring."

She blinked then.

"Of course," Jeanne whispered, almost smacking herself in the face.

"What?"

"My swords, they are Holy," She mumbled. "They are effective against creatures of Darkness."

"Like Devils," Joshua caught on quickly, nodding as he kept walking. Now looking much more confident than a second before. "And you thought your swords weren't all that."

"Shut up," She grumbled, smacking his arm as he chuckled.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, this was a fun chapter to write. I know many people aren't fans of these Training Montage chapters, but I quite enjoy them. Hopefully, I didn't bore you to death.

The emotions-affect-the-swords thing isn't a canon part of Blade Blacksmith nor Sword Birth as far as I'm aware, but since Sacred Gears in general seem to be heavily affected by these things, I thought it would be a nice way to show that. Especially since I can show that there is a difference through Appraisal, which is nice with this type of thing. I think, at least.

Random Question: Which Devil do you think the flier belongs to? (Those who read this in FFN, please don't spoil it for the new readers)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dragonace111, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 390 others
Adrian King
Jul 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15 - Monster in Your Mind New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#68
Monster in Your Mind

"Well… this is… something," Joshua commented, looking at the flier he had received again, uncertain. Jeanne had helped him look through the books he had gotten from the Hunter's house twice over and they hadn't been able to find anything regarding Devils. He was sure there might be mentions in some of the other books, but they needed much more specific knowledge if they wanted to call on this… offer.

"So…" Jeanne started, looking as apprehensive as he felt.

"So, I'll see if I find anything on the internet," He decided, grimacing as he took another look at the flier. This time focusing on the circle drawn in the back of it. It was the only detail it had, after all, besides the words written on the other side. "We are definitely not using it though. I wouldn't trust the internet for anything."

"Ok… I'll be over here, I want to see if I find anything more about Holy Swords and all that. Might come in useful," She told him, and Joshua noticed that on the pile she signaled was also the book he had read after getting the Holy Element perk. He'd have to read it over again. He had focused a lot more on the objects themselves than their effects on creatures of Darkness and all that.

Nodding, he let out a sigh as he started looking through pages with his phone. He idly recalled those times where he would search for clues about which world he was now in. With new information at hand, he was pretty sure he was either in a world that hadn't been present in fiction back where he came from or he hadn't seen it. After all, Sacred Gears and all that was something that was pretty unique and sounded recognizable enough.

He couldn't shake the feeling that he should know about that. 'Khaos Brigade… Sacred Gears… Mythology...' He mused with a frown before shaking his head and focusing on the task at hand. Before that, however, he cast Appraisal on the flier once more, as if willing it to give him more information.

[Devil Flier

Rank - ?]

Sighing once more, he felt Nagini rub her head to his cheek and gave a slight smile. Absently scratching the snake on the underside of her head, he used his other hand to start searching on his phone. The first thing he did was check the demons mentioned on the Lesser Key of Solomon, especially after seeing that each had a special sigil. That looked like the kind of thing that could give a clue considering the circle on the flier.

Joshua decided to go from the last to the first, since they were in order of importance. After all, what could a Devil from the higher levels want to do with either of them? Moreover, the flier had been given to him, that while having a Gamer System, was still a normal human. Jeanne at least had a Sacred Gear going for her. 'Then again, could something in the world sense the System?' He had to wonder for a moment. There had been that instance of the shining screen that remained in the shape of his Holy Element perk.

So he searched, which took time, considering that there were 72 of them and he had to look carefully at the sigils and compare them with the symbols in the circle. Besides that, he took a moment to read the scarce information that he could find there too, in case it became relevant later on for some other reason.

Hours and a cup of coffee later, he wanted to kick himself.

'Bael,' Joshua recognized in between the several symbols of the circle. The sigil matched with what he had found almost perfectly. His eye twitched repeatedly as he all but growled. The reason for his annoyance? Bael was the very first demon mentioned!

He'd gone through the whole fucking list before finding it.

'I'm a fucking idiot,' Joshua thought, smacking his head against the table, drawing curious glances from his pets and Jeanne. Sighing for what felt like the hundredth time that day, he started reading the information on that Devil. It mentioned that Bael seemed to be a pretty important demon. There was a bit describing it as having simultaneously the head of a man, a cat and a toad. There was even a very bizarre drawing of a creature that seemed to be entirely made of the aforementioned three heads on top of what seemed to be spider legs, there wasn't even a body in between or anything of the sort.

The part about how important Bael was, Joshua took special note of. The description though, he took with a grain of salt. It would be strange, if the Devil was like that, but at least he wouldn't be surprised if it was. What drew the man's attention the most though, was the bit about the demon's powers.

One part said invisibility, science and love. Another said invisibility (again), science (again) and controlling legions of spirits. The last then spoke about invisibility (yet again) and popularity.

'Invisibility seems to be a consensus,' Joshua decided and while he still doubted that information a lot, the fact that it seemed to mention the same thing in multiple sources was also not to be ignored.

"Found something?" Jeanne asked, breaking him from his thoughts.

"It seems to be connected to Bael," Joshua replied, with the bit that he was the most sure about. "I don't guess you or the voices know something?"

"I don't but..." The girl then paused and he turned fully towards her, waiting for any bit of wisdom that his friend's advisors could tell them. He also started moving his left hand a bit, feeling Morag walking around his hand. It was almost a soothing feeling, curiously enough. "The House of the Great King."

Well, that wasn't very helpful, was it? Joshua already had found that they were important. It was, however, nice to have confirmation of it.

"Power of Destruction," The Jeanne mumbled then, making him blink and look back at his findings. There was no mention of that whatsoever. 'Good to know… even if I don't know what this Power of Destruction really is all about...' "Purple eyes," Jeanne added, before staying silent.

"Ok..." Joshua replied, nodding slowly. "Good to know… I don't guess they said anything about how safe it would be to contact this Devil?" He asked. Not the kind of question he had ever expected to ask, but he still had in mind what Jeanne had told him when they had been given the flier. 'Not as dangerous as it seemed,' He recalled.

'God, what has the world come to?' Joshua wondered. 'I'm considering making a literal deal with the Devil,' He realized with a slight chuckle.

"Joshua?" Jeanne asked curiously, making him shake his head.

"We are not using this… not yet, at least."

"But you are thinking about it. Really thinking about it," Jeanne said more than asked.

"I am," He admitted with a grimace. "I… We don't have the time we would need to be able to defend ourselves," He explained, although he wasn't sure if he was doing so to Jeanne or to himself. "And I'm very confident that there's much worse stuff in the supernatural than what we've met."

As scary as that thought was, Joshua was sure he was right regarding that. The stuff he'd read in the books pointed towards the people they had faced so far being of little notice at best. That wasn't comforting at all and neither was it helping his fear and worry.

"The voices said it should be fine to meet them," Jeanne told him and he turned back towards her, really looking at her. The girl looked… nervous, yes, but not overly so. Joshua couldn't fathom why she was as calm as she was. "They said Devils can be deceiving though, so it would be best to not make a deal carelessly."

He nodded slowly, still staring at her.

"Why are you so calm?" He asked.

"I trust the voices and I trust you," She replied confidently. Joshua could only stare in awe at the simple, honest and blunt answer. 'When was the last time someone said they trusted me?' He thought then. It wasn't that his family didn't trust him, he knew. However, they'd never have something to trust him with let alone a reason to say that.

He wasn't sure how to take that, if he was honest.

"Ok… ok..." He nodded trying to make a plan of some sort. "We have to prepare for this though. Even if what the voices said makes it seem like they won't be a danger without a deal, I still have my doubts. We have to prepare for a worst case scenario. Could you work on an extra Holy sword or something of the sort? Something even more tailored against Devils?" He questioned, frowning and already trying to form plans in his head.

"I can," She nodded, a small smile on her face. "The voices agree with you," She added then.

Joshua had to wonder then, when the voices had started being a comfort for him as much as for Jeanne. Regardless of that, knowing that his friend's advisors agreed took some of the weight off of his shoulders. He had to think more though.

"I'll see if I find any Wards specific for Devils. Even if they aren't particularly useful for what we want them for, I should be able to find something that I can modify into being like that too," He mused, his eyes moving towards his phone even if the information in it wasn't useful for his planning. His eyes weren't even really looking at it in the first place. "Knowing that's Devils we are preparing for helps a lot. I can make this place or wherever we decide to call them as anti-Devil as possible for me. Throw a bunch of different wards, overlap several of the same ones. We have the time for that," He continued, almost feeling excited.

This could apply to their current problem too. Could he make an anti-Human ward array that excluded himself and Jeanne? The Khaos Brigade members they had met were humans. Granted, they had been only three so there were no guarantees, but… Maybe?

"You are sounding like a mad scientist, Joshua," Jeanne pointed out to him, even though she looked more amused than afraid.

"I'm not mad if it works," He shot back with a grin. Then he looked at the hour. "Oh, fuck."

"What?" She asked then, before looking at the hour too. "Oh..."

[}-o-{]​

"You think it worked?" Jeanne asked, clearly nervous while Joshua observed the sword she had made.

[Sacred Holy Sword

Rank - D]

"Well, it does seem to shine more than the others," The man answered carefully. He was pretty sure she had succeeded, even if the fact that the sword was named both sacred and holy was slightly amusing. It did mean that she had achieved what she wanted, if even slightly. "Did the voices say anything?" He asked then, drawing a shrug from the girl.

"I think they agree," She offered as an answer, not looking very sure. "They are very vague sometimes, it's kind of annoying," She added when she saw his confused gaze.

Joshua nodded then, looking back at the sword.

"Well, we'll take this as a success then," He said, turning back towards the books in front of him. The Detection Ward had been his first step into the Devil-specialized Wards, as it turned out. After all, that specific one had many, many specializations regarding it considering what it was used for. From there, Joshua was sure he could apply that information onto other ward schemes.

Now, he just needed to see if he had the required wardstones for the wards he was planning on using and how to modify the circles. It was possible though, that much he knew, and that meant that he would do it. At least, he would if the information he had was enough for that to happen. Motivation wasn't something he was short on, that was for sure.

Joshua would have preferred to work on the Human Wards first, considering that he was more worried about Khaos Brigade than the Devil that wouldn't come unless they called. The problem with that was that he had to make exclusions for things that said Wards would normally target, namely Jeanne and himself. That wasn't something that he was looking forward to doing, if he was honest. After all, the more little details one added to a circle, the less effective whatever you were trying to do would be. In this case, that meant that he would have to pour more magic into it for it to work as it should.

Joshua took a deep breath in and let it out slowly, as a sort of drawn out sigh. His lips twitched up as he felt Nagini rub herself against the side of his face. Absently, he started scratching her jaw, something that he often realized would terrify others but to him it was calming.

"I'm sort of… burning out, I think," He mumbled, his eyes moving to see Morag starting to climb his left arm, leaving her usual spot at the back of his hand. He followed her slow trip until she stopped before reaching his shoulder, where Nagini was wrapped. A second later, she continued, climbing over the serpent and getting past it making her way all the way towards his cheek. "Something the matter, Morag?" He asked then, since this was the first time the spider did that.

Joshua had to wonder when he had stopped being terrified of the arachnid and started smiling at her actions and contact. Whatever was up with the little one, he wouldn't find out. Instead, after a moment, Morag continued moving, this time into his hair, where he felt her walking around seemingly without a destination. It was a weird feeling, but he ignored it with practiced ease.

His eyes moved back to his books. 'I need a break,' Joshua thought to himself, stopping himself from letting out another sigh. He was overworking himself, he realized. He just needed...

Cheshire meowed from where she laid on the table. Looking over at her, Joshua let out a soft snort when he saw her mimic sleeping. Tiredly, he put his left elbow on the table and rested his cheek on his palm. His right hand, meanwhile, holding the pencil he used to take notes, started doodling meaningless shapes and little things on the edges of the notebook's sheets.

Then he paused, grimacing as he looked at them. Joshua would much prefer for his pages to only have what he needed. That helped him concentrate on what he wanted to read. Erasing the drawings, he blinked a few times.

It was then that, with a small smile, he pulled a notebook that was still completely blank from a card. He'd taken to putting everything inside cards or his storage notebook, mostly to keep practicing the Storage Spell. Regardless of that though, he looked at the blank page for a moment, his eyes then darted towards Cheshire, who had taken her own advice and was now napping.

A half-smile tugged at the corner of his mouth and the pencil in his hand started moving. Slowly, he started working on a simple drawing of Cheshire. He chuckled as Nagini hissed something in his ear. Somewhere in his hair, he would swear that he felt Morag tugging at it.

"I'll make one for each of you two later, ok?" Joshua promised, not taking his eyes off the paper. The spider didn't reply to that but the serpent did with a gentle squeeze of his neck. He was pretty sure that she meant that as a 'you better'. "You are all beautiful. Of course I'll draw you. Sorry if the drawings aren't very good though," he offered.

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

[Bond: Morag has gone up a level.]

Joshua's smile grew wider at the sight of those screens. 'One more level with Nagini,' He thought to himself, remembering that now the snake's Bond should sit at level 9. He wondered, not for the first time, if she would become another familiar of his upon maxing the skill or if something different would happen. After all, he didn't know if there was a limit to how many familiars one could have.

Still mostly focused on his drawing, he wondered if this was a peek into the kind of life he could lead once he reached some kind of peace in his life. Was this what his everyday life could be like if he didn't have to worry about someone attacking him? Working in a job that he liked, spending time with his pets/familiars and his new friend, having no concern besides mundane things and studying something as interesting as magic?

It was nice.

'I can definitely get used to this,' He thought to himself.

[Drawing has gone up a level.]

'Why didn't I do this before?' Joshua wondered then, blinking in slight surprise. 'Huh… this would have been a nice, relaxing practice for the drawing of the magic circles,' He noted, still with most of his focus on the sheet of paper. 'Well, better late than never,' He decided with a shrug. Better this than actually drawing the circles and such things, which felt more like doing homework than it ever did a leisure activity.

"Joshua!" He jumped on his seat, feeling Nagini tensing on his shoulders. Jeanne all but appeared on his side, looking more excited than she had ever seen her. She was positively vibrating, a sight that made him blink bemusedly.

"Jeanne?" He replied with a confused smile.

"I was trying to come up with ideas for my swords, you know how that goes," Jeanne started, stumbling through her words trying to get them out as fast as possible. Joshua could only nod, trying to see where she was going. He'd participated in one of those brainstorming sessions, after all. That was before the girl decided that it was better for him to use his time to improve himself instead of her and that she would take care of that herself. "So, I was thinking about something other than the Flying Training Sword and I thought: What if I tried to make something that literally makes us learn faster?"

Joshua blinked.

Then he blinked again.

"That… That's awesome, Jeanne," He breathed out, too stunned by the prospect to show that he was just as excited as she looked. "Have you tried?" He asked, eagerly looking around for any sword or knife.

"Um, no," Jeanne answered, suddenly looking sheepish. "I just… I had to tell you as soon as the idea occurred to me."

"Ok… Give it a shot," He urged her with an encouraging smile. The girl herself nodded, sticking her hands out and frowning in concentration. Joshua, meanwhile, waited expectantly, his mind already running through ideas and dreams about how that could change everything for the both of them. If Jeanne could really make something that would help him max out his skills faster…

In a flash of light, a sword appeared, just like they'd both seen many times. Now, however, both of them looked at the sword just like they had the first one. This could be the answer to all their worries…

Then, when Jeanne tried to move it, the weapon crumbled to dust instantly, just like their hopes. Joshua's lips thinned in disappointment. He should have expected that, anyway. The book said that when a weak user tried to make something outside their capabilities the weapon would weaken itself to try and make it work. This was, however, the first time they'd tried something resulting in a sword that couldn't even support the slightest of movements.

When his eyes looked at Jeanne, Joshua was struck by how crushed the girl looked. He sighed. He could almost see what she was thinking then and there. Her confidence was that low and she was probably already thinking how she was useless or something of the sort.

"Jeanne," He said softly as he put a hand on her shoulder. When her blue eyes, now dulled by whatever her doubts were whispering to her, turned towards him, he spoke again. "It's ok. It was a good idea, but your swords aren't all powerful. There's a reason your Sacred Gear is Mid Tier and not High or Longinus. You can't expect to be able to make everything."

"I know it's just..." She whined loudly, even though Joshua would never say it with those words. Then, she deflated. "I just… I feel so useless."

"You are far from useless, Jeanne," He refuted instantly, meaning every word. Blinking, he paused and frowned. "Why does it matter if you are useful though?" He asked then, and his suspicions were all but confirmed by her expression. "Jeanne?" He prodded when the girl remained silent.

"I just… I don't want you to regret taking me in," The teenager mumbled, looking down at her hands which were fidgeting nervously. "I know it's stupid but I just… I can't stop thinking about that. I… I like being here, Joshua. I don't want to leave."

"Well, so long as you don't want to, then you don't have to," He reassured her, smiling sadly when that didn't seem to cheer the girl hup at all. "I mean, who's going to help me deal with these three if you leave? They are menaces, I tell you."

He ignored the light bit Cheshire gave to his arm, the swat of Nagini's tail and the pulling of his hair courtesy of Morag. Really, it wasn't even like he was lying.

He considered Jeanne's weak chuckle a small victory.

"I barely interact with them, idiot," She countered then with her lips twitching up. "But thanks for that."

"I can't promise you anything, Jeanne, mostly because you won't believe that. I can only prove you wrong with my actions, but that would take time. Please, give me a chance to demonstrate that I won't kick you out," He said, putting another hand on her shoulders, now holding her from both sides.

"Thanks," She mumbled then, looking anywhere but at him. "Really, I..." Then the girl seemed to choke on her emotions.

"It's fine," He told her, squeezing her shoulders before letting go. "I get it," He added as he turned away. In his mind, he remembered all those times he had felt alone, when he had distanced himself from reality. All that time he had spent becoming more and more of a loner.

Joshua also remembered how his parents had helped him start getting better. Jeanne didn't have that, but he could help her, just like his parents had done for him. It felt nice to do so too, like a way to honor them, now that he had lost them.

"You'll be alright, you'll be alright," His mother's voice whispered, strangely devoid of the desperation she had had when she had told him those words. Now, in his mind, she sounded almost casual. Would she be happy for him, Joshua wondered.

"I'm proud of you," His father had told him, and his brain seemed to conjure it sounding actually proud instead of broken. With all that he had lived through, and all that he had done. Would he be proud of his son still, Joshua wondered.

"Well," He started again, as he went back to what he was doing. Although, he started by considering if he should continue drawing or study some more. "Any other new ideas that you want to try?"

"Hmm..." The girl hummed thoughtfully. Joshua could still hear her fidgeting but he ignored that, waiting patiently. "I might have some. Maybe I could do something that makes fighting easier instead of improving learning? That would be almost the same, right? Or maybe something that makes the user faster, or stronger, or more agile..."

As Jeanne got lost in her plans, Joshua smiled, starting to draw once again as he listened to her ramble. Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw Cheshire go towards a Jeanne that was now sitting next to him. The girl started petting the cat and he felt like the previous gloom had left, for the moment.

Now, if only this type of thing were the only ones he had to worry about...

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, this was a fun chapter to write, actually. Although, not much happened and I'm kind of worried about that. Still, it's something that happens often in my writing, and I'm starting to like that, really. Too many stories try to have shit happening every chapter.

Maybe that's just my own opinion though.

Regardless, I guess I'm just writing what I want to read and that's great. It means that I haven't forgotten what got me started on this writing thing.

Random Question: I'm changing this from what it original was to something else, might do it again later down the line too. In this case, the quesiton is, are you reading this story for the first time here?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dragonace111, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 368 others
Adrian King
Jul 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16 - I’ll Be Ok New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#77
I'll Be Ok

"Are you sure about this, Joshua?" Jeanne asked, looking very nervous. Her hand held a now very familiar shining sword. Healing Gratitude pointed to the ground, as its wielder stared at her companion in disbelief. They'd talked about it through the week. She'd known that he wanted to do it, that he was trying to convince himself to do it. However, she'd never expected that he would actually go through with the idea.

He wanted to let Morag bite him.

"Yes," Joshua nodded, his expression the very definition of seriousness. He'd made excuses for long enough. Everything that could be done would be done, that was what he had decided long ago. He would survive, and that was his only goal. He wanted to reach a point where he would be able to enjoy life without worrying.

"Why?" She asked, and while he'd already answered that question some times, he'd never given her a direct answer. He felt like she deserved one though, so he paused to think.

"Jeanne," He started, his mind working on how to express why he wanted to do something so crazy. The System wasn't going to be mentioned though. For as crazy as the world they lived in was, he thought that was a touch too far. Although, maybe that was just him. "I have an ability of my own," He said instead. "It lets me improve myself faster, in training and several other things. I also think it extends to these three," He added, signaling towards his pets.

"So you want to, what? Develop resistance to venom?" Jeanne asked, brows furrowed in concern. Joshua wondered if that concern was for his physical health or his metal one.

"That and train Morag's venom," He answered with a nod. "I wouldn't do it though, if not for your sword. I've shown it to you. Black Widow bites don't actually kill and with your sword you can heal me whenever you want."

"I just..." The girl struggled for a moment, seemingly failing to find the correct words to express herself. "This is crazy, Joshua."

"It really isn't, at least not from my perspective. This is just like training. We get hurt, but we get stronger by doing so. This is just another way," He explained to her, although it was also for himself. He was still pretty apprehensive towards the whole thing.

"Joshua..." He saw her look at him. Her eyes flashing as if she was seeing him for the first time. The Davis couldn't help but wonder what she was finding in him now. What had she realized about him? Then, she sighed. "How do you want to do this?" Jeanne asked then, looking resigned.

"She bites me, and then you'll wait. I'm supposed to be fine, after all. I just need the healing to speed up the recovery. I can't be out of commission for days," Joshua told her, grimacing at the way she looked at him, like all the progress he had made was immediately undone. "I'll be fine, Jeanne."

"I… You will be fine, won't you?" She asked then, more like pleading, really. "You have to be fine, you hear me?" She demanded, her expression more cute than menacing, but he refrained from telling her that.

"I will, I promise," Joshua reassured her, and took a deep breath in. "Did the voices comment anything regarding this?"

"Some say that you are a fool," She told him bluntly, clearly agreeing with them. "Others say that your determination is admirable," It wasn't hard to see that she didn't agree with those. "Most agree that if what you say is true, then developing resistance to venom could be useful," She said after a long pause, letting out a long breath.

"I don't like it either, Jeanne," He told her softly. "I wouldn't do this if I didn't think I needed to."

"I know… I just hate that I also think we need to," She admitted then, looking away from him. "Everything was much simpler before, you know?"

"It was, wasn't it?" He agreed then with a wry smile. He wondered sometimes, if he would have gone through with his learning of magic if he had known it would lead to all this. Ultimately… "I wouldn't change anything though. I like where delving in this world has taken me."

"..." Jeanne looked at him, opening her mouth and then closing it. Then, she smiled an unreadable smile. "I like it too," She nodded. "Ok, let's do this then."

"Morag," Joshua said, turning to the spider that now stood on his shin. "Go ahead."

The arachnid stood motionless for a moment and the Davis was pretty sure that she was hesitating, as uncomfortable with the whole thing as the humans were. Nagini was glaring at him from the side of his head, expressing her displeasure and he had scratches on his arms that demonstrated Cheshire's. Now though, the cat was simply sitting on his lap, offering comfort.

Then, Morag bit him.

For a long moment, nothing happened, he barely felt anything, really. Then, the pain started making itself known. At first, it was very little, but it increased rapidly and within minutes, he was biting on a piece of wood that he'd procured beforehand specifically for that. He screamed against the thing, his hands gripping at the sheets of his bed.

He'd read that the bite of a Black Widow was painful, he was prepared for it. Regardless, it couldn't be ignored and so, he suffered. In no time at all, sweat started pouring from him. He was sure he'd never sweated like that, no matter how hard he trained or how hot the day was. Regardless of that, his skin seemed determined to be a contradiction, because goosebumps spread over it like he was freezing.

"Joshua, do you want me to-?" Jeanne spoke, and he knew where she was going, but he had to stop her. If she actually said it, he'd be tempted.

"No," He spat out, together with the piece of wood he'd been biting. He groaned, his hand twitching towards his leg. "No, I'll be fine… Just, can you keep talking, please?" He wasn't sure if he was talking, whispering or screaming, really.

He felt Nagini squeeze him slightly, as if reminding him that she was there, which was nice, because he had actually forgotten. His mind almost entirely focused on his leg, that now burned as if he had stuck it into a fire. For a split second, he wondered where Morag was, he didn't feel her on his leg, but that might have been because she was nothing in comparison with what was going on in his limb.

"It'll be fine, Joshua," Jeanne said softly, grimacing when he bristled. "You told me it'll be fine, remember? You just did. It'll go away soon."

She paused again when he let out a long, pained groan.

"Don't mind me," Joshua told her then. "I… Keep going," he pleaded. Anything that gave me something to focus on besides the pain was welcome. He felt his heart beating uncontrollably inside his chest, as if it were bouncing around, trying to escape.

"I… Ok… It'll be fine, Joshua," Jeanne repeated, her tone belying her nervousness but still just as soft as before. He felt her hands on his tense shoulders, gently guiding him down to the side, where she was seated. He would have asked what she was doing, but he honestly didn't have the energy or the focus.

A moment later, he was resting his head on her lap, looking up at her blond hair and blue eyes. Nagini had moved until she was resting, coiled on his chest. The girl then helped him bring his feet up on the bed. 'Why didn't I lie on the bed from the beginning?' He wondered idly, in the middle of his painfilled mind.

"This was a terrible idea," Joshua mumbled as he felt his leg spasm, which made the whole ordeal even worse when it happened. "I can't believe you convinced me to do this."

"Idiot," She chuckled weakly. "I told you so."

"Wow, you have great bedside manners," He breathed out, making her laugh.

"Do you want me to heal you?" She asked then, momentarily serious. He shook his head, forcing away thoughts of agreeing. He couldn't give up just yet. At the very least, he wanted to get a poison or venom resistance skill. The whole thing had to be worth something, or what would have been the point?

"Not yet..." He forced out. "How long has it even been?" He asked then, although he was sure that the answer wouldn't be to his liking regardless.

"Fifteen minutes," The teen answered after a brief pause while she checked.

He wanted to groan again and did so. It felt like so much longer than that and, at the same time, much less too. Then he blinked, a blue screen having appeared in front of him. He used all his momentarily limited brain power to read it.

[Skill Unlocked: Poison Resistance]

Joshua was tempted to tell Jeanne to just get it over with, but he'd just refused. Also, it had only been fifteen minutes, he could resist some more. Maybe get a level or two more. Maybe just an hour… or just a half...? He'd have to see if he could wait that long.

Maybe his increased stats would help? Did Vitality help with that? Maybe. These were things he'd considered before, of course, but he needed to distract himself. He felt something soft on his hand and he immediately knew it was Cheshire. His fingers started slowly petting her.

Joshua blinked repeatedly, taking in his surroundings instead of focusing on his own body. His familiar was under his hand and completely calm. He felt almost as if she were projecting her peace at him. Nagini's weight rested on his chest, her tongue occasionally coming out and touching his chin. Morag…

"Where's Morag?" He asked feverously, interrupting Jeanne as she whispered things to him. The man was almost sure she had been in the middle of explaining some of her sword ideas to him, he barely had enough consciousness to process the softness of her voice, let alone the meaning behind her words.

"She is walking over Nagini," Jeanne told him, not at all bothered that he'd rudely cut into her speech. "She's still going, I think she wants to get on your hair again."

"What does she look like?" Joshua asked this time.

"Like a spider?" The girl answered, understanbly unsure. He was aware that he was probably the only one that could pick up anything from his familiar and pets most of the time. Probably the Bond shining through or something… "She's… moving slower than she usually does?" Jeanne added hesitantly.

"Morag," He breathed out, a ghost of a smile forming on his face. "Nobody is angry at you, Morag," He reassured his little spider. Was she afraid he'd blame her or something? He'd asked her to bite him for god's sake. "Nothing to worry about, girl."

[Bond: Morag has gone up a level.]

"I think she kinda… like, sagged?" Jeanne narrated for him.

"Relief, huh? So Jeanne isn't the only dum-dum that gets nervous for stupid stuff, huh?" He asked out loud with a chuckle that turned into a groan.

"Hey!" The girl protested, although the man wasn't sure if it was because he called her dum-dum or because he compared her to a spider… Or both.

Probably both.

"I still have to beat those insecurities out of Jeane. I don't need you getting all nervous too, Morag," Joshua continued talking, afraid he'd pass out or the pain would increase if he got distracted. "So, none of that, yeah?"

"Idiot," Jeanne said, shaking her head.

"Yeah, she is."

"I was talking about you dum-dum," The girl rolled her eyes at him.

"Oh."

"Idiot."

"Yeah, I feel like an idiot right now," Joshua admitted with a cough instead of a laugh as he'd wanted to. "An idiot in pain."

"An idiot in pain and half out of it," Jeanne corrected and this time he did manage to chuckle.

"Yeah. Yeah, I am," He mumbled looking at the ceiling. "Jeanne…?"

"Yes?"

"Could you make me a cup of tea, I think… Nevermind," He interrupted himself, starting to feel nauseous.

"How about I read you something?" Jeanne kindly offered and he felt his lips tug up despite the pained grimace he was wearing.

"That would be great, thanks," Joshua answered, groaning as she got up, carefully laying him on the bed. "Jeanne?"

"Yes?" She replied once more.

"I'm glad you decided to come with me that day," He told her, his eyes closed now as he took deep breaths in.

"..." The girl remained silent for a moment, but Joshau didn't hear her move. "I'm happy I decided to come too, Joshua."

Then, the sound of her steps reached his ears.

[Poison Resistance has gone up a level.]

'That's fine,' The man thought to himself as he eyed the reminder of the ordeal he was going through. 'I have good reasons for doing this,' He added in his mind, focusing on his pets around him and Jeanne who he could hear looking for a book.

[}-o-{]​

"You are an absolute madman," Jeanne scolded him after she healed him that night. Apparently, all that caring attitude flew out the window once he was ok. He guessed it made sense.

"I know," Joshua replied with a wry smile as he looked down at the cup of tea between his hands. He hadn't enjoyed his new 'training', that was for sure. Still, it was necessary. Not only to train Morag and later Nagini, but also because he wanted to be prepared in case someone decided to try poisoning him at some point. It was a very specific situation, but it was best to be prepared for everything, especially in case Jeanne was otherwise occupied and couldn't heal him like just now.

The man fidgeted with the drink in his hands for a bit, keenly aware of the glare that he was receiving not only from Jeanne but from Nagini as well. The snake was also, to be honest, much more intimidating and that wasn't even taking into account that she was wrapped around his neck. Those black eyes were certainly something to be afraid of, if anyone asked him.

"Stop glaring at me, would you, Nagini?" He asked after a while. "I apologised for worrying you already, girl. It was necessary."

He received what he was sure was the snake equivalent to a huff and he sighed. A wry smile pulled at his lips when he heard Jeanne giggling at his predicament. At least one of the glares had let up. Almost sighing again, Joshua called for the new skill he'd gained, if only to get his mind off the burning stare of his serpent.

[Poison Resistance – Lvl 4/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand poisons.

Decreases the effectiveness of poisons by 4%.]

Joshua almost sighed in relief when he first saw that screen. He'd been quite worried that the skill would go in the same direction that Language, Bond and Piloting had gone and specify which poisons it would work against. That would have made things quite hard for Joshua. This worked perfectly with his plans though.

He was also quite happy with how much it had progressed in a single day. Four levels was a lot for the time he'd been 'working' on it. He didn't remember if he had any skill that had gone up that fast, if he was honest. Although, the fact that he had started with something like Black Widow venom might have something to do with that. He wondered how it would go when he finally got around working with Nagini.

It would be a while for him to do that though. Even with Jeanne around, he didn't want to try that, in case her sword wasn't enough for him to recover. Maybe when the skill was level 10 or 20… Maybe. He certainly wasn't looking forward to convincing the girl to help with that.

"When are you going to do that again?" Jeanne asked after a moment of silence and, although she wasn't showing it, Joshua knew she was grimacing inside. He knew he was, at least.

"I was thinking about doing it once a week. I definitely don't want to do it more than that," He mused, and he could tell that the girl was somewhere in between being reassured and not. "Should get better soon enough," He added with a small smile as he gently scratched Morag's body, the spider in her usual spot on the back of his left hand.

He was sure he was right too. If he continued training, his Vitality would rise, which he was sure had something to do with how well he could resist the poison without the skill. That, combined with how fast the skill was leveling, made him feel pretty good about his development on that side.

'The problem is that I still need more than just resistance and such. I need something to fight with,' He thought grimly. After all, knife throwing and fighting was all well and good, but that wasn't that good when he knew there were people with battle magic out there. It didn't help that the one magic he had the most access to was practically useless in battle situations unless they had home advantage.

Which isn't to say that he wasn't working on Wards that could help with that though. He'd been toying with some ideas regarding both Devils and Humans alike. The Devil related ones were much easier, he knew, since he could just target any Devil that approached their apartment. That and the Hunter's house too, since he was warding it to keep it a back-up place.

On that note, it had been two months since his 'encounter' with the Hunter and Joshua wasn't aware of anyone approaching the place. That made him wonder if the place was completely outside the knowledge and reach of the mundane people or if his new Wards were enough to conceal it from them. It was a possibility, he supposed, and that was a good thing, in this instance at least.

Back on the topic of the Wards, making defenses against Humans was a bit trickier. After all, Jeanne and him were Humans too, which meant that he'd have to make exceptions for the two of them. That messed with the whole circle, really, making it so that the spell would require much more energy to reach the same results. That combined with the fact that he didn't have that much magic and his Ward Magic skill wasn't that high, would make whichever of those Wards he used practically useless.

"No, Cheshire, don't touch that!" The scream snapped Joshua from his thoughts. He looked up and he blinked as he saw the cat poking a sword that was laid on the table. "Cheshire!" Jeanne shouted when the cat did it again, snatching the weapon from the feline.

"What's the matter?" Joshua asked, confused.

"It's an elemental sword. One of my new experiments, you could say. This one is supposed to give electric shocks," Jeanne explained, cradling the blade between her arms as if holding a baby. "I want to make ones that burn or freeze, stuff like that."

"Huh, good idea," Joshau replied with a nod before blinking again. "Did you get that from games?" The man was very amused when, just as he finished the question, the girl started blushing up a storm. "Been hitting the internet for ideas, huh?" He kept poking then, earning himself a huff as the teen slapped the sword back on the table and stomped away back to her room.

"I was just worried about your stupid familiar!" She shouted, her voice muffled by the door she had just shut behind her.

He was left chuckling and sharing a look with said familiar. Or, he would have, because Cheshire seemed to have her attention focused solely on the sword. Intrigued, and slightly concerned, Joshua leaned forward.

"Cheshire?" He called softly, and the cat seemed to snap out of a trance as her head sharply turned towards him. "Everything ok, girl?" He asked, his eyes slowly looking between the feline and the weapon. Joshua was almost reassured by the fact that Nagini seemed just as puzzled as he felt, what with the way she tilted her head next to his.

Almost as if it was a response of some kind, Cheshire poked the sword once more. This time, the man almost jumped from his seat as a spark of electricity came alive, zapping the air between the paw and the blade. Wide-eyed, he looked at his familiar, who twitched painfully but remained where she was, not jumping away.

"Cheshire?" He called again, this time his voice lazed with obvious worry and surprise. "Why'd you do that, girl?" He questioned and the feline simply turned to stare at him. For a long moment, he wondered what she was staring at him for. Then, it clicked in his mind. "Are you… trying to do the same thing I did?" Joshua asked, slightly concerned.

'Is this how everyone else felt when I decided to poison myself?' He wondered with a grimace when the cat electrocuted herself once more.

"Cheshire, please," He pleaded then. He almost wanted to make his way around the table and pick up the feline. Joshua knew, however, that if she didn't want him to, he'd be unable to stop here. The look he received from the cat made him lean back. "A little help, Nagi...ni...?" He tried, only to trail off when he saw the intense look the snake was giving the cat.

'Oh no,' He thought to himself, realizing what was going on.

Joshua almost whimpered when Nagini slithered her way off his shoulders and on the table, ending up wrapped around another sword. If the head he felt rose and the way the sword lit up with red light was any indication, it was the one that was meant to burn. Where she still stood, Cheshire zapped herself once more.

The man, meanwhile, grimaced.

"You won't do that, will you?" He asked Morag, with a painsed, resigned expression. When the spider replied with a negative turn of her body to the sides, he sighed. He was sure the little arachnid would have died if she tried any of the swords. She was a lot more fragile than the snake and the cat, after all. "Thank you, girl," He mumbled as he scratched her, wincing as he heard the sound of electricity cackling once more.

"Joshua, why are you letting them do that?!" Jeanne all but screeched, evidently having decided to come back.

"Because, what am I going to tell them? Not to do what I'm doing?" He asked with a grimace. Expression that twisted even more when I saw Nagini shudder and Cheshire poke her sword again. "I'm so sorry," Joshua whispered, horrified by the sight of them but unable to stop them.

"At least you understand," Jeanne told him, almost accusatory. He understood, indeed. "They really are your pets."

He opened his mouth then, almost agreeing. At any other moment, he would have. Now though, with the memory of his time under Morag's venom still fresh in his mind, and with the sight in front of him as it was… That didn't feel right.

Almost without thinking, he cast Appraisal on the two animals. His mind searched for the information he wanted inside the screens that flashed in front of his blue eyes. Eventually, he found what he was looking for.

Cheshire, now had a Electric Resistance Skill.

Nagini, to his slight surprise, had two new skills. The one he expected was there, obviously, in the shape of Heat Resistance. The other was Leer, a skill that seemed to help her be more intimidating. Joshua wondered, for a moment, if she had just gotten it while glaring at him.

Amusing as that thought was, his mind wasn't focused on that. It came back to what Jeanne had just said and he closed his eyes for a moment. He remembered picking up Cheshire when she had been bleeding out on the street. His first, terrifying encounter with Morag. Finding Nagini trapped inside the Hunter's house.

He remembered all that had happened since then...

Calling them his pets sounded… wrong.

"Familiars," He corrected her softly with a smile that held both fondness and sadness. "They are my familiars."

Because that's what they were, really.

[Skill Maxed: Bond: Morag]

[Skill Maxed: Bond: Nagini]

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Not much really happened in this chapter. I'm even hesitant to call it another training montage chapter, really. I mean, there's new training going in here but… I don't know. And there doesn't seem to be enough interactions to call it that type of chapter either. Maybe a bit of both, I guess.

Still, despite how little actually happens in this chapter, I had lots of fun writing it, honestly. I hope you guys enjoyed reading it too.

Random Question: Would you be able to grind resistance skills, despite the pain that it would obviously mean (also considering that Joshua doesn't have Gamer's Body)? I… Don't know if I could. Maybe I would, but I certainly wouldn't start with getting bitten by a Black Widow, really. I've read about what that thing does and it certainly doesn't sound fun… Although, if I had a Morag of my own… Hm, dunno.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 375 others
Adrian King
Jul 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17 - Speak of the Devil New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#80
Speak of the Devil

"I hate your Wards, Joshua," Jeanne complained through her harsh breathing. The young man, himself, chuckled weakly, not even bothering trying to argue with her. He hated his Wards too, at that moment.

Or, maybe it was more accurate to say that he hated the new Ward he'd been working with and started casting.

[Weighting Ward - Lvl 1/50

An Offensive Ward which the user can cast to place weight over beings inside.

Requires a Wardstone of Offensive Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - G to ∞

Consumption without circle - E to ∞]

It was basically weight training but without weights and on their whole bodies. It was perfect and Joshua had jumped at the idea of it. Although, he'd had to make a lot of modifications to the spell, since Morag couldn't very well be expected to deal with the same weight that everyone else did, or even Cheshire and Nagini couldn't deal with the same weight that Jeanne did and the same could be said about the girl and Joshua himself.

In the end, he'd found a sort of middle ground between all that. A Weighting Ward specifically for humans that held just enough weight to challenge Jeanne and give him something to work with. Then, he'd made another tied to animals with a very small amount for his familiars to work with.

It wasn't perfect, of course, but at least it was adding something to their workouts.

And the effects showed, a lot. Obviously, it didn't help with everything, but it did give a very much appreciated push in things like Strength and Vitality and even Speed. That, and all physical skills gained a nice boost in their leveling too, such as Physical Conditioning, Parkour and Dagger Mastery.

"Come on, let's go again, ok?" Joshua urged the still resting girl, who groaned very loudly at that. Even then, she still stood up from where she had been lying.

"You damn slave driver," The teen grumbled as she went to pick up her own Training Flying Sword. Joshua had one for himself, and he was glad that the girl had managed to make one that didn't feed off her energy while he was the one training and used his instead. Not only did it free time for her to work more, but it also helped him drain his reserves so that he could work on both his Magic and Meditation.

It wasn't the best set up for him, since he would have prefered to do that with spells so that he could level them, same with the type magics. However, Jeanne needed to train too, so he'd gladly give some of his time so that she could do so. The last thing Joshua needed in his mind was guilt over having an underprepared Jeanne facing a situation she wasn't ready for.

Fortunately, a bit over a month had passed already and there was no sign of Khaos Brigade or any other maniac coming after them. Joshua wasn't very keen on lowering his guard even with that, but it was nice to know that maybe, just maybe, there wouldn't be another life or death situation in the near future. He could hope so, at least.

His increasingly better Concealing Wards certainly helped his peace of mind.

"On the count of three-" Joshua started with a nod.

"Three," Jeanne interrupted and he could almost feel the roll of her eyes. With a sigh, he poured his energy inside his own sword and it came alive, the illusion of an opponent taking it and going for a swing at him instantly. Quickly passing one of the daggers he had been holding on his left hand to the right one and engaged it.

'I still wonder why I don't have a Dual Wield skill or something,' Joshua couldn't help but think. Although, he had a running theory that Dagger Mastery worked no matter how many daggers he used. Once that idea had formed, he had wondered if he could have pulled off a Zoro with three swords and all. Still, considering that fighting with two daggers was harder for him than with just the one, he guessed that was accounted for somewhere in his System. A shame that, it would have been cool, if nothing else.

A loud meow, bordering on a screech, pulled his attention almost completely from his spar. Joshua's eyes darted to the side, catching Cheshire looking from one of the sides of the clearing. Blocking the incoming strike from the illusion, he gave more attention to his feline familiar, who turned and stared at Jeanne.

Understanding her meaning, Joshua then looked at the girl, who seemed to be on her last legs.

"That's enough, Jeanne," He called out, continuing his fight.

"I can continue though," She replied, her weary voice giving away her exhaustion entirely too much.

"Stop now," He told her, putting more pressure on his tone. "We don't want another piggyback incident, do we?" He asked then, earning a petulant whine from the teenager. That time had been, apparently, embarrassing enough for her to listen to him.

Joshua almost focused back on his spar, since he had still a good bit of energy to spare. However, an idea struck him and he grinned from ear to ear. After all, if he still had more than enough energy, why not challenge himself? It seemed that the Game certainly favoured challenges over simple training.

"Oh no, I know that look," Jeanne voiced, clearly reading from his expression that something like the Poison Resistance training was coming. She wasn't entirely wrong, even if his idea was nowhere near that bad.

"Throw me your training sword, please," Joshua told her, the dagger on his left hand on his mouth as he fenced off his illusion's attacks. He wasn't nearly focused enough to attack, that much he knew.

"Oh, you've got to be kidding me," The teen groaned, but still did as he wanted. "Catch!"

And catch he did, immediately pouring magic into the sword and making it come alive. 'Ok so, let's see how I do against two of them,' Joshua thought then. After all, one of the training swords was challenging, yes, but he still could deal with it well enough if he focused. Two of them should be like just at the beginning of his training, if not harder.

Maybe he was trying to do too much too quickly. Actually, Joshua was pretty sure that he was. However, it was also true that the world they lived in was unlikely to wait for them to train at a reasonable pace. That and the fact that he had already had to deal with a group of people made him want to be ready in case he had to fight several opponents at once.

'Maybe I can ask Jeanne to make Training Flying Daggers and Spears and the like?' He mused as he tried to block the attacks from his now two training partners. More often than not, he barely managed to divert the attack's direction instead of actually blocking.

[Dagger Mastery has gone up a level.]

'Nice-' Joshua almost celebrated, his words interrupted by one of the swords smacking against his left arm. As his body twisted, he saw another attack coming, barely managing to block it with both daggers. A second later, he felt another hit on his back.

[Physical Resistance has gone up a level.]

'That isn't the kind of progress I wanted to make,' He grumbled internally as he stopped supplying the swords with magic. Dropping his knives, he put his hands on his knees and breathed harshly. 'Ok… let's leave that training for the beginning and not the end of the session next time...'

"Happy now?" Jeanne asked, clearly annoyed and he gave her a weak chuckle. "I really don't like you doing this, Joshua… I know it's kind of necessary but..."

"I get it..." He replied before she could find the words to continue. "I get how you feel Jeanne. I felt the same when Cheshire and Nagini started the resistance training with me but… We have to do this. Once we are strong enough, we won't have to worry about anything."

"I know..." She nodded, still looking conflicted. With a soft smile, he walked up to her, pushing through the weariness of his limbs, and put a hand on her shoulder.

"I get it, and I really appreciate that you worry and still help me, Jeanne, I do. Thank you," He told her, his words supported by Cheshire affectionately rubbing herself against the girl's legs. "Now, let's get meditation out of the way and get home, yeah?"

"Ok," The girl nodded, a sad smile on her face.

A moment later, both of them sat on the forest ground in front of each other, feeling the energies inside them. Joshua had tried to kickstart something like Magic Sense with Jeanne, but it seemed that it was more difficult to do than anticipated. So, for the time being, they'd decided to leave it for later.

It didn't mean that he wasn't training with it though. Now, everytime he sat to meditate, or when he had a moment to concentrate, he tried using the skill. So far, however, the only thing he'd managed to pick up were Cheshire and Jeanne, followed by Morag and Nagini once they became familiars and unlocked their magic stat. While disappointing, it was nice to know that there weren't magic users around them without their knowledge… although, there was always the concerning thought that there might be, and he just couldn't feel them for some reason.

He tried to focus on the first thought and not the second, most of the time.

[Magic has gone up a level.]

'Wow, a great day to train, it seems,' Joshua thought, surprised by the progress. Usually he got one or two levels through a training session, if that. So, having three, especially so closely followed, was actually pretty nice. 'I could have done without the smacking though,' He added, grimacing as he felt the stinging pain on his arm and back.

Closing his eyes, he continued with the exercise, he still needed some more energy and especially magic, before he was back to full. A small smile formed on his lips as he felt the small amount of magic that came from Morag, who seemed to be moving on the ground towards him. Apparently, now that he wasn't training anymore, she had decided to go back to standing on his hand or head. Probably the former, since his hair was now damp with sweat.

'I really should cut my hair,' He thought then, reminded of the length that it was starting to reach. Joshua had had that thought several times already, but was, amusingly enough, too lazy to take time off his training and just go and have it cut. He liked keeping his routine, that was for sure.

'Nagini is done hunting, huh?' Joshua picked up then, at the edge of his sense, which was roughly the size of the clearing at that point. The snake's magic seemed sluggish, barely moving, something that the man had started to associate with her having eaten something.

When he opened his eyes to look at her, he was met with another screen.

[Magic Sense has gone up a level.]

'A really good day to train,' He noted with a grin on his face. 'Maybe we can have a mini celebration for this? Some take out, do something relaxing instead of more training or studying? Yeah, that sounds nice, actually. It would be nice to just draw and laze around for a bit...'

His smile widened, if that was even possible, when Cheshire climbed on his lap. Morag finally made it to him and started climbing his arm when he put his hand on the ground next to her. And, finally, Nagini went to her usual spot, which was coiled around his neck.

'Yeah, let's relax for the rest of the day.'

[}-o-{]​

"All I'm saying is that if you pick up one more animal, you'll have to turn it into a room for them," Jeanne pointed out with a roll of her eyes. "I mean, it's not like we use the study for much, really. We study and work in the dining room anyway, remember?"

"I know," Joshua admitted with a grimace. "It's just that I liked the idea of having a space just for that. I'd like to leave the dining room for relaxing and such."

"Well, that's not the case right now."

"I know," He repeated with a sigh. "Turned out that it was too small for the two of us. The apartment in general is kind of small for all of us," He commented, bringing up a hand to massage his forehead. "And I thought it was big when I moved in."

"Picking up strays does that," Jeanne nodded, apparently proud that she had made her point.

"Says the last stray I picked up," Joshua said, trying to contain a smirk and failing.

"Hey!"

"I was sure they were over here, how did they just vanish?" A voice complained and Joshua stopped walking. After a pause, he looked down as if he had seen something on the floor.

"Maybe they sensed us?" Another voice asked. "Magicians don't just vanish, much less Sacred Gear holders."

Where he stood, Joshua heard Jeanne gasp and he almost cursed out loud at that. The last thing he needed was whoever those people were to realize that the people they were searching for were right there. It was a good thing that he'd set some Concealing Wards for just the two of them around the city where they usually traveled through. Hiding just them took a lot of the power from the Wards, but it was the best option to hide them in public spaces. He'd put up as many as he could overlapping each other and hoped that would work. Evidently, it did, if not as well as he'd wished it did.

Still, Joshua wasn't quite happy, even if his security measures had worked. 'That was very fucking close,' He thought, concerned.

"You ok, Joshua?" Jeanne asked, even if she knew the reason for his pause. It told him that he'd stopped for a bit too long.

"Yeah, I'm just not feeling very well," He replied, closing his eyes and acting the part as well as he could. It wasn't very difficult considering that he was sure his face had paled considerably.

Using that moment to focus as much as he could, he tried to use his Magic Sense to find those people without having to use his eyes. Sure enough, there were two presences besides Jeanne and his familiars to their side. Consciously keeping his eyes away from them, he took a deep breath in and nodded.

"Let's go," He told Jeanne as they continued walking. He did his best to keep an "eye" on the pair, just in case they followed them or something. Concentrating on his Magic Sense while doing stuff was difficult, but he had a very good motivator. 'I'm upping that training though. Being able to have a third eye out for threats would be great.'

"You think they were with the other three?" Jeanne asked, and Joshua was grateful that she didn't mention Khaos Brigade at all, keeping it as vague as possible. There was no way for the two of them to know if they were really in the clear, even if they were getting away.

"I don't think it matters," Joshua replied, feeling a headache coming his way. "I've yet to meet someone that's actually nice, you know?"

"I don't think we've met enough people to judge, really… Although you make a good point anyway," Jeanne said with a wry smile. He could tell that she was on edge though, and he couldn't blame her for that. Really, just when things were looking well for the two of them…

"Nothing happened this time, at least."

"There's that," Jeanne nodded and he saw her shoulders relax. Then, she grimaced. "They sounded a little too annoyed at missing us, didn't they?" She asked and he considered her question for a moment. Had they? He'd focused more on what they were saying than on how they were saying it.

"Did they?" He asked no one in particular. Cheshire, next to his feet, let out a meow that he took as a confirmation. "Ok… Ok..." He mumbled then, considering that new information. "That definitely doesn't sound like they were very friendly even if they weren't with those three."

"I guess," Jeanne nodded again, this time looking at him curiously. He didn't pay her much attention though, his mind was racing, processing what had just happened, the implications and their options. They could continue on as they had so far. He could set up more Wards to try and hide them, of course. However…

What if that wasn't enough? What if whoever was looking for them also improved their methods? He couldn't possibly compete with an entire group of people that seemed to be hunting him, even if they weren't all working together. Sooner or later someone would find them. Even with his skills improving, all his time studying and all his plan making… It wouldn't be enough. They needed more than that.

So, if they couldn't avoid confrontation… What could they do?

'We can control how the confrontation happens,' His mind decided instantly as his eyes narrowed.

There were a bunch of options on that route. They could decide to turn the tables on their hunters and hunt them instead. They could set up traps for them or look for them and attack them. Maybe even both.

Taking the fight to their hunters sounded like a terrible idea though. Honestly, that was the last thing Joshua wanted to do. If they stood little chance of being able to hide from these people, then the chances of them being able to fight them was around the same, really.

'There's another option though, isn't there?' He thought.

"What do we do, then?" Jeanne asked and he was brought back to reality, his eyes hardening.

"I think it's time we call for some help," He commented, grimacing at the very thought.

"Help? But I thought you didn't know… anyone… oh..." Jeanne started, trailing off as she realized where he was going with that. "Are you sure?"

"I am."

"So… we have to prepare for this."

"Yes."

They were gonna make a deal with a Devil.

[}-o-{]​

The following week was a tense one.

The first decision they'd made was to call while at the Hunter's house instead of the apartment, just in case. Chances were that there wouldn't be any way to come back after crossing that bridge, but Joshua wanted there to at least be a semblance of a chance. So, he started making preparations.

Instead of training, he started setting up the wards he'd been preparing for just that purpose. There were only two of those, but they were as good as he could manage to make them. He'd just have to pray that they would be enough.

Everyday, they went there instead of to their usual spot to train. Jeanne and his familiars would do some light training while he concentrated on draining all his magic into Wards and meditating. It certainly helped spike his growth on those fronts, if nothing else.

[Joshua Davis

Title: Novice Magician

Race: Human

Strength: 21

Speed: 23

Dexterity: 22

Vitality: 24

Perception: 22

Magic: 31]

For one, his magic was slowly but surely leaving behind his other stats, that was for sure. Although, he was grateful for that. After all, the new Wards demanded a little more energy than the other ones, a fact that was quickly verified by the spell screens he got once he'd set them up at least once.

[Draining Ward - Lvl 4/50

An Offensive Ward which the user can cast to drain energy from targets to power itself or other Wards.

Requires a Wardstone of Offensive Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - E to ∞

Consumption without circle - D to ∞]


[Weakening Ward - Lvl 1/50

An Offensive Ward which the user can cast to weaken targets.

Requires a Wardstone of Offensive Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - E to ∞

Consumption without circle - D to ∞]

The Draining Ward certainly sounded good. The unfortunate part was that the draining part of it relied a lot on how much magic he could feed it when he set it up. He knew, since he'd tested it. To make things worse was the fact that the part about feeding energy to other wards or itself was deceiving.

It did that, yes, but much energy was wasted on the way. If he tried to put a number on it, he guesstimated that if the Ward took 5 units of energy, only 1 would be fed onto whatever was connected to the Ward. Still, Joshua had time and determination going for him, at the very least.

As such, he had set up two arrays of Draining Wards connected to each other, each one powering the next so that they would eventually drain a whole lot of energy, or so he hoped. He wasn't sure how effective that strategy would be in this case, but that was a little more dangerous to test and he didn't want to risk it, even with just two Draining Wards which was a lot less than what he had arranged in the house. He didn't want to accidentally kill himself or Jeanne or one of his familiars by creating something that was actually broken or some such.

On one of the arrays, the last Draining Ward connected with a Weakening Ward. On the other, it connected with a Weighing Ward. If his plan worked well, the power fed into those last ones would be so big that they would work like a charm and effectively bring down the fight power of whatever Devil he ended up summoning. Or, that was the theory at least. From there, it would be up to them to battle it with the Sacred Holy weapons Jeanne made if the Wards weren't enough.

While he didn't have specific information about Devils in any of his books, the ones detailing Wards had some spread here and there while speaking about how to make Wards that targeted that species, just like they did with others. Between that and some vague sentences from Jeanne's voices, he had some idea of what they were up against… He hoped.

Devils, actually, seemed to not be the all powerful creatures that he imagined them as. While the Satans, as the voices referred to power figures in Devil society, were like that, Joshua very much doubted he'd be unlucky enough to summon one of those. After all, why would such a being give him a flier?

"Are we doing this?" Jeanne asked next to him, breaking him out of his thoughts, and he gulped.

If he'd had any doubt about calling, it had vanished through that week. Now much more on edge, he'd managed to pick up magical signatures roaming the spots outside his Concealing Wards. They were running out time and, one day, they would step out of his controlled zones at a bad time. They couldn't risk that.

They had to do something.

"Yes, we are doing this." Joshua nodded, flipping a card between his left hand's fingers. His right hand, meanwhile, tapped nervously against the table they were sitting at. The card had a Storage Circle on it containing a bunch of Sacred Holy Daggers. Jeanne had pointed out, rightly so, that it would be a bad idea to have such weapons out in the open when trying to make a deal peacefully.

So, he had to be prepared to act in a split second. Almost everything would rely on him, after all. Jeanne, for all her determination, still struggled a lot with the Storage Space even if she had learned to cast it. That meant that the only thing she could summon from her own card was her sword, since that was as much as she could store for the moment. He would have to bring his own weapons out while also triggering all the Wards if it came to that.

"Ready?" He asked, taking a deep breath in and picking up the flier with his right hand.

"Ready," Jeanne said.

'I want to make a deal,' Joshua called with his mind, concentrating and, just in case, channeling a bit of his magic towards that particular hand. For a moment, he thought he might have done something wrong when nothing happened. Maybe he'd done it wrong? Did he have to call out loud? Do some sort of ritual? He doubted it, since the flier didn't come with instructions or anything but-

And then, the room lit up and a circle appeared across the table.

The magic circle formed on the ground and moved up as a person appeared, standing opposite to them. The first thing Joshua noticed was that she was beautiful. She had long flowing blonde hair tied in a ponytail and fair skin. The form-fitting outfit she wore certainly emphasized her attributes well too.

If Joshua hadn't been so absolutely terrified of what they were doing and what she actually was, he probably would have been distracted by how attractive she was.

As it was, his eyes went straight to her blue ones and prepared himself.

"I'm Kuisha Abaddon, a servant of the Bael Clan," She introduced herself, taking her time to eye both of them as she did so. Regardless of that, she gave them a smile that almost seemed genuine. "It's a pleasure to meet you both. What is your wish?"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that was fun. I almost left it at the moment when the circle appeared, actually. It even fit with the average length of my chapters too. However, I thought that would be a little too mean of me so I stretched it a little and revealed who it was.

I just realized that it's been a while since I've last updated you guys on Joshua's Status screen. Or, I think it has, at least. Well, there it is. It's not that impressive, I know, but humans are considered the weakest species in the DxD world unless mad levels of training, a Longinus or something along those lines is involved. And while Joshua's training is on the mad level, or I think so at least, he just hasn't been at it for long enough. It's barely been 3 months and a half in this fic's timeline, actually, if anyone was curious about that.

Random Fact: So far, all chapter titles have been song titles, as I've mentioned before already. This one though, was taken from a song lyrics (although, let's be honest, there must be a thousand with those words in them, right?). Regardless, in this case, they came from "Through The Ghost" by Shinedown. No specific reason though, the words just fit with the chapter and I used them. I might start using lyric pieces from now on though.

Random Question: Which of the Young Devil's is your favorite? Mine is a tie between Sairaorg and Sona, honestly. They feel like the most deserving of respect, really. The ultimate brawn and the ultimate brain, or so I like to think of them as. (If it weren't for the plot armor, at least.)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dragonace111, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 380 others
Adrian King
Jul 2, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18 - A Deal That Seems Worth Taking New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#90
A Deal That Seems Worth Taking

For a moment, both Joshua and Jeanne stared a the new arrival, Kuisha, in silence. The first of them, only slightly so, however, since he was also looking at the result of Appraisal in front of him. A result that was… not what he would have wanted.

[Kuisha Abaddon

Rank: ?]

'Because God forbid I can actually see something on these screens when it matters, right?' Joshau thought, withholding a grimace. He should have seen that one coming, after all if he couldn't see Jeanne's- 'I haven't actually checked that in a while, right? I should,' He decided with a mental note before focusing back on the present. The Devil seemed more amused than annoyed at their continued silence, so that was a plus. Maybe this was a common occurrence? Joshua supposed it probably was.

"You are not familiar with Devils," She voiced, maybe to fill the silence or break the ice or maybe for some other reason. Regardless, the man squared his shoulders and prepared himself. For what, he didn't know, but that was half the reason he was nervous to begin with.

"We aren't," He answered, even if that hadn't actually been a question. "Until a while ago, we didn't even know Devils existed."

That got a tilted head from Kuisha as if that bit of information puzzled her for some reason. Joshua, meanwhile, hoped that their ignorance would play in their favor. That she would think them less of a threat if they knew less and so she would underestimate them. The Hunter and the Khaos members had taught him that an enemy that underestimated you was the best kind of enemy, except maybe one weaker than oneself, that is.

"How did you get your hands on a flier then?" Kuisha asked, properly this time. To Joshua's relief, she didn't sound angry that they had, but curious.

"I don't know, some woman approached us and gave it to me some time ago, that's all I know," Joshua answered again, nervous and unsure if refusing to answer would end badly for them. Not that there was reason for them to do so, for the moment at least.

"Hm, our familiars are instructed to pass fliers only to magicians. That's why I'm confused," The woman explained, something that the man very much appreciated.

"Well, I am a magician," He commented, feeling a little proud of that. Maybe he wasn't the strongest or the most offensive magician, but he thought he deserved to feel like that with how much he'd advanced with his Wards in so little time. "I'm self taught though. I've gotten my hands on magic books here and there."

"Oh, interesting," Kuisha said, blinking and looking genuinely surprised.

"But, where are my manners. I'm Joshua and she's Jeanne," He introduced, purposely leaving out last names. His because he didn't want to reveal too much information and Jeanne's because he still didn't know it. It was a shame that he didn't dare outright lie to the devil, just in case. "You can take a seat if you want to," He added, waving towards the chair on her side of the table and forcing as natural a smile as he could manage.

"Thank you," She replied, nodding gracefully and then taking the offered seat. Meanwhile, Joshua took a deep breath in. An effort to calm his nerves that was, unfortunately, only partly successful.

"So, about that wish," He started, making an effort not to react at the way Kuisha seemed to turn all business in an instant. "We've been having trouble with a group of… supernatural people." He decided to go with that, since he didn't know if Khaos Brigade was a magician group or something else. "And we wanted to know if you could help us out."

"Help you how?" Kuisha asked. "This place seemed pretty well protected with the Wards placed here."

'She can sense the Wards?' Joshua thought, internally panicking. 'Can she sense the ones that would target her or is she only sensing the active Concealing and Detecting Wards?' He pushed thoughts questions aside though, since he couldn't very well ask the devil.

"We aren't as safe outside the Wards I've set up," He answered, taking another calming breath in. "I was hoping that you could help either place similar protections through the city or..."

"Or deal with this group for you?" Kuisha asked, raising an eyebrow. To Joshua's chagrin, she didn't seem too inclined to agree with that option. "What'd you do to get them to go after you?"

"Nothing," He replied instantly, his hands balling into fists. "They just attacked us one day because we "were in their territory". Is that something I should have known and don't because I'm self taught?" He asked back.

At that, Kuisha frowned. Joshua, for his part, didn't know if that was a good or a bad response. Had he said something to annoy her or was that directed towards the group he was explaining about? He really hoped for the latter.

"No group that I know of reacts like that… unless… Do you know what they are called?" She asked then, her entire expression turning from almost indifferent to serious in an instant. She demanded an answer more than she asked for one this time.

"They called themselves Khaos Brigade," Joshua replied quickly, afraid that he'd screwed them over somehow. Next to him, Jeanne tensed up and he was sure she was gripping the card with her sword under the table.

This was only made worse when Kuisha's face twisted, almost snarling at the name. The air around them grew thick and, soon, Joshua could see small pitch-black dots forming in the air behind the devil. He was acutely aware of the card between his fingers and the Wards ready to be activated at a moment's notice.

"Tell me everything," She demanded this time and he complied instantly.

"We met them in the forest nearby. They just… There were three of them, a warrior, an archer and a magician. They just approached us and immediately told us the territory thing before this guy, the magician, attacked us. We barely survived that encounter."

"How did you survive?" Kuisha asked, for a moment letting go of her anger, making the hostility in the room recede a little.

"I killed them," Joshua replied, trying to make it clear that it had been him. At least, if there was trouble because of that, it would only be on him. Fortunately, there didn't seem to be one, since Kuisha simply blinked and tilted her head.

"Huh. Self taught magicians usually don't… achieve much by themselves," She said, clearly confused and surprised by Joshua's apparent skill. "No offense."

"None taken," He replied, easily shrugging off the comment. After all, from what he knew, it was no surprise that she thought that. Besides... "I survived mostly on luck anyway."

"Hmm," Kuisha hummed, looking at him as if she was doing so for the first time. He didn't know if changing how she saw him was good or bad. "Anyway, you were saying that there are more around this city?" She asked and Joshua allowed himself to hope that she would help them.

"Yes."

"Great," She nodded, smiling a smile that made him almost pity Khaos Brigade. Almost. He certainly didn't envy their position, not one bit. "We'll deal with them for you. For free, even."

Joshua opened his mouth to ask why before closing. Maybe it was better that he didn't know about that. It was none of his business, really. However, on the other hand…

"You don't like them, I take it?"

"No, we don't," She confirmed for him and his mind started racing even as she continued speaking. "My group doesn't have the best of relationships with them. My King, the Devil I serve, left it clear that we were to look into any lead on Khaos Brigade. So, if you have any more information about them, we will trade for it, actually."

That had been exactly what he had been thinking, actually. He'd been ready to pay them to deal with the group, but if they were so eager maybe he could get the opposite. It was, for all intents and purposes, a great thing for him. However…

"Why are you telling me that?" Joshua asked, feeling foolish. Regardless, he didn't want to walk into a trap of some kind. She could have asked for the information and he'd have given it to her for free. He wanted Khaos Brigade out of his life anyway, so why tell him that they would pay for it?

Kuisha's smile told him that he'd asked the right question.

"There's an easy answer for that. Because I want to keep in contact with you, both of you," She admitted, addressing Jeanne for the first time. "There's a reason why Devils trade with Humans. One is for the riches, treasures and such that we can obtain through the deals, sometimes even favors."

"I'm sensing a but here," Joshua pointed out with a wry smile.

"But," Kuisha confirmed with a smile of her own, looking quite pleased instead. "There's other reasons for them. Devils obtain power through the deals, more power depending on how big the deal is."

"Is this a big deal?" Joshua asked, frowning. He couldn't say the deal was small but still… Was she trying to say that it benefitted her to make it a bigger deal than it actually was? Because that didn't sound right in his mind.

"No, I'm not doing this because of that," Kuisha shook her head. "Another reason is because deals are a good way to make contacts with the human world. My group, for example, looks specifically for magicians. Devils usually make specialized long term contracts with magicians."

"And you look for magicians to make these contracts with, so you are offering me a deal which is entirely leaning in my favor to earn some goodwill," Joshua pieced together then with narrowed eyes. The Devil across from him beamed at him. 'My life keeps getting weirder and weirder.' "How do these long term contracts work anyway?"

"I think we can have that conversation at another time. Back to Khaos Brigade?" Kuisha asked with a raised eyebrow. At that, Joshua nodded, deflating a little. He'd let himself get carried away, he realized. However, with how little he knew of Devils, he wanted to know more. Especially seeing as they seemed rather… human like, from what he was seeing. Then again, this could all be a set up to ultimately steal his soul. How would he be able to tell?

"Right..." He replied before pausing and eyeing Kuisha, who stared back. Flipping the card in his hand, he activated the Storage Circle on it and brought out the map he'd put inside. It was the only thing that he had stored there that wasn't a Sacred Holy Dagger. "Everything marked with a black circle is a Khaos Brigade base, or at least a spot that involves them, as far as I'm aware. I got this information from another magician… one that wasn't all that friendly, to be honest."

Kuisha, with her eyebrows raised, looked over it and Joshua saw as a grin slowly spread over her face. Then, the Devil turned towards them.

"Perfect," Was all she said, looking between them and the map for a moment. "You have preparations in place for this meeting, am I right?" She asked and both Joshua and Jeanne tensed, which unfortunately revealed the truth of her statement. "That's fine, but I want to know what they were."

"I set up a Ward array," He replied, trying not to show that it wasn't the complete truth. She already knew there were Wards in place, and he didn't know how much she knew about that, so it seemed like a better alternative than revealing the Holy weapons. "A bunch of Draining Wards with a Weakening Ward and a Weighing Ward."

"Oh," Kuisha blinked, tilting her head. "Would you activate them?"

"What?" Joshua blurted out instantly at the question. 'Did she really just say-'

"Activate them. I want to see how good the Wards are," She said and it was his turn to blink. For a moment, the man considered just doing that and being done with it. After all, surely a Devil could withstand his Wards without dying, right? Especially when she sounded so sure of herself, at least.

However, the fact was that he didn't know how strong the arrays were, or dangerous for that matter. That meant that he couldn't know if Kuisha would be alright. And while he wasn't that concerned with her life - she was a Devil, after all -, he was worried about what her people would do if something happened to her.

"I don't know how effective they will be. I haven't tested them," Joshua explained hesitantly. "They were a contingency, in case you were… well, like the Devils I imagined."

"Hmm… I must insist. I want to see how strong a magician you are."

"For this... contract thing?" He asked with a grimace. Joshua didn't want to know what would happen if he insisted on not doing as she said and he also didn't fancy his chances if something did happen to her because of him. 'Between a rock and a hard place...'

"Indeed," Kuisha nodded. "Go ahead," She urged, straightening her posture.

With a deep breath in, Joshua concentrated on the connection he'd made with his Wards so that he could activate them at will. He'd set them as a chain reaction with the first Draining Ward of the array so that he didn't have to switch all of them on separately. It probably wouldn't take more time either way, but it was easier for him to focus on just one for each array than to focus on all Wards.

"3… 2… 1… Go," He said softly before triggering his "trap".

At first, nothing happened besides Kuisha's eyes narrowing ever so slightly. Then, both Joshua and Jeanne could see the change slowly grow. After a second, her brows furrowed. After another, her body tensed.

By the third, she was slouching on her seat. 'Not as effective as I hoped, but certainly more than I expected,' Joshua noted, trying to discern if Kuisha wanted him to stop or if she had changed her mind about them. He would openly admit that he was waiting for the other shoe to drop at any moment. This meeting had gone entirely too smoothly in his opinion.

"That's enough," She said and he instantly turned the Wards off.

He'd definitely be doing all Devil dealings in the Hunter's House from then on. Now that all the Wards had been charged like that, they would only be more effective next time and only grow stronger. There was the problem of them getting too strong for the Wardstones he'd used though. He'd have to check that so that he could disable the Draining Wards before the Weakening and Weighing Wards overloaded.

"I don't believe you told me how long you've been a magician," Kuisha asked without actually doing so.

"Four months," He answered truthfully. Of all the questions she'd made, it sounded like one that he shouldn't have worried too much about. Evidently, he was wrong, since instantly her eyes flew wide open.

"Four months, are you certain?" She said, narrowing her eyes suspiciously.

"Maybe a week less or so," Joshua replied, uncertain. He was keeping count of the time since he'd woken up in this new world more than anything else and he'd found magic pretty quick, all things considered so he was confident that number couldn't be too wrong. 'It hasn't been that long for me to start forgetting, right?'

"If that's the truth, then it's impressive progress. You must be very talented," The Devil commented and the man wasn't sure how to react to a compliment for her. It did make him proud, of course, but he was still wary of anything that Kuisha said or did. "We'd definitely like to keep in touch with you, Joshua."

Once more, he didn't know what to feel about that. On one hand, it would be nice to have someone on his corner besides his familiars and Jeanne. Someone that seemed to have more information than he had. One the other, how could he possibly know if a Devil was really on his side or he was just being played? He hated the situation he was in, that was for sure.

"I'm fine with that," Joshua voiced, trying to keep his apprehension in check. "I'm interested in those contracts you mentioned before."

He was being truthful on that too. At first, it worried him, after all the deal with the devil phrase was on the forefront of his mind throughout the last few weeks. However, he could reserve judgement until he had more information on the matter. Maybe it wouldn't be for him, maybe it would. He'd definitely take a look though.

He had a feeling he would need as much help as he could get if he wanted to survive.

"Now, regarding your payment?" Kuisha asked, after nodding at his words and Joshua blinked for a moment.

'Oh, right, she said they would pay for the info, right?' He mused as his mind immediately started thinking on what he could ask for. He could think of lots of things, that was for sure.

First of all was the obvious choice, money. With money, he wouldn't need to work and he could keep himself and those he cared about in the Hunter's House and put up so many Wards that he probably wouldn't ever need to worry. However, he wanted to enjoy his life and being trapped inside his home was certainly not the way to do that.

That also ruled out most material things too, he guessed.

No, what he needed was a way to better protect himself, which was the same as saying he needed more magic. Combat spells were the first thing that came to mind, of course. The problem with that was that he'd have to start from zero. He'd have to study a new type of magic, probably fine tune a lot of the spells he would use and level a whole new magic branch and the spells in it.

The safe bet would be to get even more books about Wards, maybe ask for high quality Wardstones while he was at it. He could make his defenses nigh impenetrable, so that he would never have to worry about anyone passing through or going unnoticed. He really wanted to do that. Joshua wasn't a fighter and he knew it. He didn't enjoy fights, he didn't want to fight, he wanted to stay far, far away from fights of any kind.

That wasn't a possibility though.

"Could you provide me with books about battle magic? Something to get me started in that field, you know?" Joshua asked, still hesitant. He wasn't sure if the information he was giving was that important, he didn't know how much it was worth. Honestly, he hadn't known how much he could be charged for dealing with Khaos Brigade when he called either.

He lacked a lot of information.

For a second, he was tempted to ask for that. Information regarding the supernatural world he was now a part of. However, increasing his fighting capabilities was more important than that. He could, possibly, do another deal altogether to get information, it should probably not be all that expensive. He didn't think it would be, at least.

"That's doable," Kuisha agreed with a nod. "Any particular type of combat magic that you'd prefer?"

'Just like that?' Joshua thought, trying to hide his surprise. It was getting a little annoying, the number of times his paranoia told him that something would go South only for the Devil to destroy that notion. Was he really in a world where something like a Devil could be reasonable?

"Is there something like… neutral magic? Does it have a disadvantage over other types or something?" He asked, his mind racing in order to not waste any time. Jeanne could cover most elements with her swords, after all, so they didn't need an element. Maybe demonic combat magic or something. However, Joshua didn't want to risk that magic having a side-effect or something like that.

"As good a choice as any," Kuisha mused with another nod. "Neutral Magic can do just about anything elemental magic can do, besides the obvious elemental benefits and such," She explained. "It actually can do more with less, since it doesn't need to apply any type of "effect" as it were."

Joshua took that in and processed it as fast as he could. It made sense, he supposed. Since he wouldn't need to apply, say, fire to the magic, he could just focus on what he was doing, be it fire a beam or creating a barrier. He nodded slowly, trying not to get his hopes up. 'She doesn't need to lie about this, right?...'

'Is this what being Batman feels like?' He wondered for a split second. 'Because it sucks...'

"Then I'd like some books about neutral combat magic, if possible," Joshua agreed, keeping his thoughts to himself.

"Anything else?" Kuisha asked with a raised eyebrow.

"I wouldn't say no to more Wardstones," He added then. 'Because if she's offering I won't say no. But I'm getting serious "too good to be true" vibes from this,' He thought, wary. 'Something's going on here and I really don't like not knowing.'

"We'll see what we can do," Kuisha agreed easily before standing up. "Keep the flier. We'll contact you through it once we've confirmed the information you provided." 'And deal with Khaos Brigade, I'm guessing,' Joshua added in his mind. "When that happens, we'll message you and then uphold our end of the deal."

He nodded slowly at that.

"I also hope I can prove that we aren't what you think we are, Joshua," Kuisha continued, an understanding smile appearing on her face even if it looked a little strained. Joshua himself wasn't sure how to take that. Of course he couldn't act well enough to hide how suspicious he was of her, it had been almost a given, really, even if he'd still tried. "As it is, I think this is the start of a relationship that will greatly benefit both our sides."

"I hope so," He replied with a nod, taking a deep breath in as he stood up. He made a show of letting go of the card in his hand and placing it on the table. Then, he looked straight into her blue eyes. "I really want to trust that you are reasonable and all," He voiced, forcing the words even though his mind screamed at him that it was a bad idea. "But I just can't."

"Don't worry," Kuisha waved off. "We deal with this often. If you give us a chance, you won't regret it." Joshua stared at her then before turning to look intently at Jeanne. Catching on to what he was asking of her, the younger girl looked back at him and nodded.

"Cheshire, could you come, please?" He called then, earning a tilt of the Devil's head. "Just… have to do a little something. Could go a long way to making this a lot more… easy on both of us," Joshua explained as the cat strutted inside the room and made her way to the top of the table. "What do you think, girl?" He asked his familiar, who walked on the piece of furniture, not taking her eyes off the Devil.

Kuisha herself simply looked on, interested and curious.

Then, Cheshire approached her and meowed, turning back and nodding to Joshua.

"Great," He said, sighing in relief, finally feeling able to relax. "Pleasure doing business with you, Kuisha," He added, extending his arm forward and earning a more honest smile from the woman.

Joshua and Kuisha shook hands then and he made a deal with a Devil.

Somehow, he didn't feel like it was a mistake.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Wow, I didn't think the deal would take the whole chapter. At most, I thought it would be, like, three quarters or something. But, it is what it is, I guess.

Regardless, this was a fun chapter to write.

I know it sounds really paranoid of Joshua most of the time, but I like to think that's realistic. After all, he's contacting a Devil and if someone told me that's what I was going to do, I would be pretty fucking suspicious too. Not all Devils are "nice" like the ones in DxD, after all.

Random Question: What type of battle magic would you go for? I would actually go for neutral, despite my love for all things lightning. After all, elemental magics and such usually have counters and things like that. Neutral magic, I imagine, wouldn't have those, even if it would also lack strengths that elemental magic would have.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dragonace111, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 399 others
Adrian King
Jul 2, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 19 - When Everything’s Alright New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#95
When Everything's Alright

"That went better than expected," Jeanne commented, deflating on her seat as Kuisha teleported away. Joshua found himself agreeing completely, sighing in relief. For the moment, he ignored the screen that floated next to his head.

Despite all that he'd gathered from books and Jeanne's voices, he couldn't help but expect an eldritch abomination of some kind to appear from the flier. That, or someone that would manipulate the both of them into giving up their souls. A master of deception that would play them like toys on the palm of their hands and ruin their whole lives.

Instead, he'd gotten a young woman that had been professional and agreeable, even friendly.

'The world keeps on getting weirder and weirder,' Joshua mused as he slumped on his seat, suddenly feeling like the weight of the world had been lifted from his shoulders. 'Still...'

"Let's hope this ended as well as we think it did," He voiced. Maybe it was the paranoid side that he'd started showing as of late, but Joshua was pretty sure that a deal with a Devil wasn't supposed to be as simple as the one they'd just made. Especially with as serious as dealing with a whole magical group was.

"The voices say it's likely the case, unless she was a really good actress," Jeanne told him reassuringly. 'The problem is that we don't know about that last part,' He thought to himself before feeling Cheshire rubbing her head against his hand on the table. 'Right, everything's fine.' "What now?" The girl added then, looking unsure.

Joshua understood. What were they supposed to do now? Khaos Brigade's threat would probably hang over their heads for a while still, but after that? He didn't know. He'd been preparing for something to go wrong ever since the Hunter, so...

"Keep training and relax, I guess," He decided, a soft smile spreading over his face. They wouldn't be able to stop training, probably ever, because they both knew that Khaos Brigade wasn't the only bad thing in the world. However, without a direct, immediate threat to deal with, they could afford a measure of calm.

"I can get behind the relax part," Jeanne agreed with a sigh and a tired smile. "Does that mean no more resistance training?" She asked hopefully. After a moment, she got her answer in the form of a silence and an apologetic half-smile.

"We don't know when we'll need it. It's best to be prepared. Especially against poison, since we don't know when it could be used against us without us knowing a thing," He explained apologetically. Seeing her deflate, resigned, made him feel bad, it really did, but their situation was as it was. There were no guarantees of any kind and they had to act accordingly.

With a sigh, he started petting Cheshire and finally turned towards the screen floating on the side of his vision, pulling it back in front of himself.

[Quest Complete: Make your first deal with a Devil

Rewards:

+3 Magic Levels

+3 Random Magic Levels]

'So, three more for my Magic stat? That's neat, I guess. What does it mean with Random Magic?' Joshua wondered before he started pulling up some skills, having a hunch of what it was referring to.

Sure enough, Healing Magic had gained three levels. Of all three Magic skills he had, he just had to gain some for the one he didn't even have spells for. Just his luck, he supposed.

'Maybe I can make another deal to get some spells from that branch?' He wondered. He had barely even considered the idea, really. After all, they had Jeanne's sword for healing. One could argue that they could need to heal mid-battle at some point, but if they needed that, chances were that a healing spell wouldn't make that much of a difference. It would be nice to have another option besides relying on Jeanne though, just in case.

"Can you go and tell the others that we are done here, that they can come now?" Joshua asked Cheshire, feeling so drained that he didn't even want to stand up from his chair. With that simple command, the cat ran up the stairs to the room where he'd set Morag and Nagini to wait. He'd chosen a different room from the one he'd found their glass cages that fateful day though.

"Do you want a cup of tea?" Joshua heard Jeanne ask and he turned towards her. How bad did he look when she offered that while showing so much concern in her expression? Pretty bad, he supposed. He just felt so tired all of a sudden.

"Yeah, that'd be great. Thanks, Jeanne," He accepted tiredly.

"Don't mention it," She waved off, a small smile appearing on her face telling him that he'd made the right choice.

As she left, Joshua looked around the house for a moment. Through all the work, and even the months prior, he'd often considered just moving to live in that place. After all, it was way bigger than any apartment he could get for them, at least with the income they had. It was also so out of the way that he could probably make it invisible to mundane people. He had to wonder how that would go though and that brought some doubts.

The biggest deterrent, however, were his experiences on his first… visit to the house, that was for sure.

'Maybe I can get a place through a deal?' He wondered.

Then he paused.

'Why am I even thinking about making more deals? Now I'm planning for deals for everything. What the hell?' Joshua thought to himself. His eyes then moved towards the flier sitting on the table. 'Does it have a compulsion of some kind? Or am I just realizing how convenient this could be if there are really no problems with the deals?' He hoped it was just the latter, but if it was the former… 'If there's something to counter mind magic, which is surely a thing here, I really need to get my hands on that.'

He was snapped from his thoughts as Cheshire jumped on the table once more. On top of her head stood Morag, evidently having decided that riding the cat was much faster than coming by herself. A moment later, he felt Nagini start to slither her way up his leg.

With a content smile, he leaned back on his chair, allowed himself to relax and waited for Jeanne.

After what felt like ages, they had no imminent threat to their lives, better to enjoy it while it lasted.

[}-o-{]​

[Sairaorg Bael]

"Kuisha?" He asked, blinking as his Queen placed a map on his desk. Looking it over, he recognized it as one of the cities in his territory they'd had their familiars look for magicians to make deals with and hopefully contract. The Bael had little interest in the first part, but a contract with magicians had the potential to help the magic users in his peerage get stronger and Sairaorg would be damned if he didn't give them all the tools to improve.

"These are locations where I suspect Khaos Brigade is at," Kuisha replied, looking intently at him. He sat up straight and looked at the map once more, this time actually studying it.

"How certain are you?" He asked, frowning at the piece of paper.

"Pretty certain, since the man I made a deal with called on us to help him deal with Khaos Brigade. He didn't even know we were after them," Kuisha explained.

"That so?" Sairaorg asked, his eyes still locked on the map, his mind running through ways to deal with these people.

"Indeed. And he seems like a remarkable magician too, self-taught, which is rarer," His Queen continued informing him.

That was interesting enough to get his focus back on her instead of the paper on his desk. Self-taught magicians rarely reached far before either dying or being taken into one of the Associations. After all, theirs was a dangerous world to live in when one was involved in the supernatural, even more so when one barely knew what they were doing. That Kuisha said he was "remarkable" only added to this individual's potential, since his Queen wasn't exactly easy to impress.

"Tell me more about him," Sairaorg urged with a wave of his hand.

"Seems like he's got his hands on Ward Magic and, more specifically, wardstones to go with that," She started.

That was surprising in its own right. Wardstones weren't exactly cheap. Nothing for a Devil such as himself, disgraced as he was for his lack of the family Trait, but for a normal human? Even if said human was rich, even finding someone to buy them from would be hard if they didn't have connections of some kind, which self-taught magicians usually didn't have.

"He'd made a ward array specifically tied to Devils for the meeting, apparently," Kuisha continued. "On top of some other wards that I guess are to either hide or protect the location, maybe some monitoring wards too. I asked him to activate them on me to see how good he was."

In any other situation, Sairaorg would have been worried. Good as his Queen was, there was no telling when they would meet someone stronger, since he knew they were far from being the strongest people in the world. The last thing he wanted was for one of his peerage members to be in danger, at least while alone.

The Bael had to remind himself that this was a self-taught magician. Remarkable or not, it was unlikely that the human would have enough power to threaten Kuisha of all people.

"At first they weren't much, but it didn't take long for the Draining wards to power up the Weighing and Weakening wards to considerable levels." That made Sairaorg's eyebrows raise. "Considerable" for Kuisha would be quite something in human equivalents.

However, that wasn't all. Weighing and Weakening wards… 'Hmm, there's an idea,' He mused, his mind racing as a thought formed. After all, he'd already been considering similar plans when he found out about one of his peerage member's Sacred Gear, but it had proved to have limitations that made such a method less than ideal.

"So, you think he's a good option for a contract with someone?" The Bael asked after taking in that information.

"I believe so, yes," Kuisha nodded. "That's why I offered to pay for the information on Khaos Brigade instead of just taking it as part of the deal to take care of them for him."

"Hm, and what shall we give him?"

"He asked for books on neutral battle magic and wardstones," Kuisha answered and he felt a grin form on his face. He had a feeling that he would like this human. Judging by his Queen's amused expression, she agreed with him.

An enemy of Khaos Brigade and someone that wanted to improve themselves. Yes, this human was sounding better and better as he heard about him. His wards only added to that, really.

"Sounds like your deal went better than expected," He mused. "I don't believe you've said the name of this human though," He added, raising a questioning eyebrow.

"That's an understatement and no, I haven't," Kuisha nodded. "He said his name was Joshua. He had someone with him too, a girl named Jeanne. A relative, is my guess. She didn't speak at all though. Either she is learning under him and was there to watch, or she was more of a battler and was there as back up in case a fight started."

That was amusing and somewhat annoying. Amusing because humans would be hard pressed to stand in the way of his Queen, especially ones that seemed to be somewhat disconnected from the supernatural, despite being inhabitants of it. Annoying because each time they had to go make a deal only to be met with suspicion and fear got more tiresome.

He understood, really he did. After all, they had good reason to act that way, what with their culture and Devilkind's old way of dealing, but even people that dealt with him more than once continued to act that way for Satan's sake. It had been one of the reasons that had made him decide to just make deals to search for a magician to contract and leave it at that.

As much as deals made him stronger, they weren't good enough to deal with that bother.

He got more out of simple training anyway.

"That's enough of that, I suppose. For now though, we have something else to focus on," Sairaorg said, his eyes turning back to the map and his expression turning to apathy.

Khaos Brigade had made an enemy of him when they attacked one of his prospects for peerage members. They killed a friend of his. Fortunately, at least Regulus had survived them, but Sairaorg wouldn't let such a thing stand.

No, he might not have the Power of Destruction but they would be destroyed anyway.

Khaos Brigade would learn not to mess in Sairaorg Bael's territory. How they had gotten inside said territory in the first place, more than once at that, he didn't know. He would find out though.

No one would get in his way.

[}-o-{]​

A week passed after their deal and Joshua had yet to hear from Kuisha or any other Devil. That was to be expected, he supposed, since he didn't think they'd be able to make Khaos Brigade disappear in just a day or anything like that. The only problem he had with the delay was that Jeanne and him had a few more close calls with people looking for them.

It was fortunate that his growing Warding skill and spells meant that his wards covered more and more ground as time passed. It wasn't enough to think they could elude Khaos forever, else he wouldn't even have made the deal to begin with, but it was enough for their hiding zones to fool their persuers for the time being. That and changing the paths they followed often were the only thing they had going for themselves, which wasn't enough for Joshua, that was for sure.

Fortunately, they hadn't heard or felt anyone besides themselves for a few days now. That was Joshua's only clue that his deal was actually working. Still, he didn't want to let his guard down until the Devils contacted him and told him that they had dealt with the problem. Even then, he doubted he would fully relax for a while, just in case.

As it was, Jeanne and he had decided to forgo training for a day. Not only would it help them get some rest but it would also mess with whoever was looking for them, if they were still out there. Thus, they had taken a small trip around the city, gone shopping around places that were under his Concealing Wards and then stopped at a cafe, other than the one they worked in, that is.

It had been a nice change of pace, one that Jeanne had demanded happened more often. Joshua would have been hard pressed to say no to her, even if he had wanted to. He hadn't, however, since he wanted to find some more joy out of life. It was something he was becoming aware of ever since he'd taken a moment to just draw a few weeks back.

From there, they had gone back to the apartment, where Jeanne was continuing to work on her Storage Spell. She had reached the point where she could draw a sword from one of her circles, but she wanted to have some more space for things that could be needed. She didn't want to rely on Joshua to store everything in case he wasn't around if needed. He fully agreed with that sentiment and, thus, tried to help her out as much as possible.

For the most part though, Jeanne worked on her own after she had gotten the spell to work, and he was fine with that. That meant he had more time to work on his own skills and spells, which he did. In hopes of keeping with the relaxing theme of that day, he settled for just studying and meditating for the rest of the day instead of doing something more strenuous.

As it was, he was sitting at the table with his eyes closed. While he meditated though, he kept using Magic Sense. Joshua tried to use that skill as much as possible and it was becoming increasingly easier to keep it up. He hoped at some point it would become second nature to have it activated and he wouldn't even need to think about it to be aware of magic around him.

As it was, he could now easily feel his familiars… which wasn't much of a feat, since they were all literally on him. Cheshire was curled up on his lap, Nagini was coiled around his neck, resting on his shoulders, and Morag roamed on his head, occasionally pulling his hair. A bit more challenging, but not much, was sensing Jeanne, who was currently in the study by herself.

He'd also started to feel the wardstones, which made him wonder if that's how Kuisha had known there were wards around the Hunter's house. That was unlikely though, since he could also sense the creations of Jeanne's Sacred Gear, the revolver and even the still mysterious charm. This discovery and subsequent questions though, made Joshua wonder if maybe he would be able to feel Wards later on.

With a sigh, he opened his eyes, interrupting his mediation and trying to keep his sensing going even if he wasn't very successful. He blinked at the screen before him before his eyes widened. The first surprise was that there were three of them. Two of them could happen, if not often. After all, sometimes he would level both skills roughly at the same time and only notice after opening his eyes, but... it wasn't about both Meditation and Magic Sense leveling at the same time.

[Meditation has gone up a level.]

[Skill Unlocked: Mind Resistance]

[Skill Updated: Mind Resistance]

'Mind Resistance,' He called instantly, making the screens disappear and a new one flash in front of his face.

[Mind Resistance – Lvl 10/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand attacks to the mind.

Decreases the effectiveness of attacks to the mind by 10%.]

A disbelieving chuckle escaped his mouth as he looked at the skill. 'It instantly gained ten levels? Is that because Meditation reached level 25?' Joshua wondered, before pulling up that skill screen too.

[Meditation - Lvl 25/100

Determines the user's ability to connect with his inner energies.

Increases stamina, health and magic regeneration by 25% while actively meditating.

Increases stamina, health and magic regeneration by 2.5% passively.]

'I guess it's likely that's the reason,' He mused thoughtfully as he looked between them. 'Regardless, it's an amazing skill to have, especially if it comes already leveled like this, since I don't even know how I would go about training tha-' Then he blinked before almost smacking himself in the head.

'Jeanne,' He realized exasperatedly. 'Jeanne could make a sword that affects the mind and I could train this. It sounds like something much more important than even Poison Resistance.'

He'd definitely be talking with the girl about that later.

"For now," He started out loud, dismissing the screens and reaching with one hand to pet Cheshire. "Who wants to pose for a bit?" He got his answer in the shape of Morag pulling at his hair.

Of all three of his familiars, she was the one that liked posing for his drawings the most. Nagini would do it, but she mostly just prefered to rest coiled onto something more than actually posing. Cheshire would occasionally agree too, but she didn't like staying still for long periods very much if she wasn't resting, really.

Morag though, she reveled on that. She would actively look to put on an artistic view for him. Sometimes she would make a web specially for a drawing in this or that way. The little spider would even gladly look for a location and all. Thus, Morag had become his favorite model.

He blinked when Nagini hissed something at him and gave his neck a light squeeze.

"Huh..." He turned to her, scratching under the snake's jaw. "You want to join too? Well, I'm sure we can find something that makes you both stand out."

And so, the search for a place and a pose started and the training was momentarily pushed to the side.

Or, that was the plan, at least.

[Perk Acquired: Minor Blessing of ####]

The screen made him pause. At this point in his life, Joshua was quite used to the pop ups, really. However, this one had no reason to be there whatsoever, and that was the first reason for his surprise. The second, however, was the most important.

This one was different from the usual, much like the shiny one he'd received with Jeanne's Quest and the Holy Element Perk. This time though, it was a tan color, much like the slabs of stone from ancient Egypt. There was a reason why he made that specific comparison too.

There was a symbol in the background of the screen. He didn't remember the exact name of it, but he knew it was Egyptian. A cross of some kind with a teardrop shape on the top part.

Blinking at it for a moment, he called for that Perk's information, hoping for some more detailed information about this strange being that had apparently blessed him. With that censored bit though, Joshua had to wonder if it was the same that had given him the lotus Charm.

[Minor Blessing of ####

Increases the capability of the user to connect with Animals.]

'Well, that's not the information I wanted, but-' Joshua's thoughts paused then, as he stared at that description. 'Animals? Why is that written with capital A? What does it mean with "potential to connect with-"... Wait… That's not what I think it is… is it?... Bonds?' He called after a moment, both nervous and eager.

[Bond

Cheshire - 10/25

Determines the user's bond closeness with Cheshire.

Nagini - 10/25

Determines the user's bond closeness with Nagini.

Morag - 11/25

Determines the user's bond closeness with Morag.]

'Those numbers can change?' He asked himself, eyes wide in disbelief.

[}-o-{]​

[Deity]

Yes, that should be enough of a reward.

That's what he thought, at least. Joshua Davis was proving to be very entertaining to watch, after all. And the energies that surrounded him, they weren't diminishing. Stranger still, they seemed to be growing. Especially the one regarding the Animals, which made some sense, he supposed. Saving wasn't left behind though, which was strange. He hadn't saved anyone for a while so… where did that massive amount of Salvation energy come from?

The Deity didn't know, but he was very curious.

Joshua Davis was proving to be an interesting human. Especially now though. That deal he'd made with the Devils was very intriguing. Especially how it made his Hunt energy spike, which wasn't surprising but was impressive. After all, hunting wasn't just chasing prey, no. It could be everything, from that, to fishing, to setting up traps.

Or, in this case, making someone else do the hunting for one.

The fact that he had gone against Khaos Brigade was a plus, that was for sure. Every pantheon was hearing whispers about the organization here and there, few of them good, if any at all. The problem was that gods weren't supposed to interfere unless they or their pantheons were directly attacked, otherwise there would be chaos on Earth. They could actually do very little when unprovoked…

Now, if someone - say, someone named Joshua, for example - decided to target them, and some deity just so happened to decide to give a little blessing to them. Well, that was just a fortunate coincidence, wasn't it? Not that it would make things different, really, since the job was basically done already.

That Bael kid had a stupidly strong group, it seemed.

The Deity's prefered human seemed to have made a rather powerful ally without even trying. Joshua kept getting more and more interesting as time passed. The Deity could hardly wait to see what he would do next. Although, maybe he could push things here and there…

Something to think about.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I really enjoyed writing this chapter. Maybe it's because of the different PoV, that's something that I haven't done much in this series so far. Or, maybe it's just that the chapter was fun, despite not much happening. Hopefully you'll like it too.

So, we get to see a bit of what's going on in Sairaorg's side. I think it makes sense for him to look for magicians to contract, to help the magic users in his peerage get stronger. Regarding Regulus, I also think it makes sense that Sairaorg and Regulus' previous holder knew each other.

And we get another peek at the Deity that's stalk- I mean, watching over Joshua. Wonder if anyone has new theories about that. Sadly, I can't comment on previous ones or I would risk spoiling things. It'll have to stay as it is.

Random Question: Which would you rather have? Boosted Gear or Divine Dividing? I'd choose Dividing. It looks better, allows one to fly without Balance Breaker and I like the idea of weakening my opponents at the same time that I make myself stronger.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 375 others
Adrian King
Jul 2, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20 - If I Could Just See It All (Plus Character Sheet) New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#103
If I Could Just See It All

[Bond: Morag has gone up a level.]

'I thought I would never see this kind of screen again,' Joshua mused as he continued his drawing. Nagini seemed to be especially motivated this time, having decided to do something more than just lie there coiled around herself. The snake raised her neck in the air, curving to one side as the spider made a web for herself with Nagini's body as support. It was quite the picture, really.

[Bond

Cheshire - 10/25

Determines the user's bond closeness with Cheshire.

Nagini - 10/25

Determines the user's bond closeness with Nagini.

Morag - 11/25

Determines the user's bond closeness with Morag.]

'That's still weird to look at,' Joshua thought. The game changing just like that had taken him off guard, he'd admit. He'd always assumed that maxing a skill was it, that there was nothing after that. However, this literally changed the game. Maybe there were some other things that he wasn't aware could be altered too. Who was to say? It was both intriguing and frightening. Who was to say that one of these changes wouldn't screw him over?

"We are done here, girls," Joshua told them, his tone subdued by the topic that occupied his mind. Still, he managed to give both of his familiars a smile as he showed them the drawing.

Nagini let out a pleased hiss as she looked it over, tilting her head from side to side as if trying to get every detail. Morag, meanwhile, was almost bouncing on her little legs. He was just happy that they liked it, really.

"Ok, Morag, get those webs off Nagini and let's go back to the table, yeah? I want to look up some stuff," He told his smallest familiar, who seemed to sag at that. He just rolled his eyes together with Cheshire as they both started moving, not waiting for the other two.

Joshua really needed to do some research.

He was grateful for the blessing, he really was. And while he wasn't sure about what the Charm did, he thought it wasn't anything bad either. Still, not knowing was eating at him. He wanted more information.

Thus, Joshua stopped by the shelf that housed the Charm and picked it up, bringing it with him to the table. There he took out his phone too, intent on searching for information about Egyptian gods and creatures and anything else. Although, he was pretty sure that what he was dealing with had to be a deity or something similar.

He also took out the notebook with his familiars' stats and skills, to note down their progress and such. It seemed like a good time, really, what with this bringing his attention back to the Bond skill. The man wondered, as he often did when thinking about his familiars' training, if they'd ever be strong enough for some of the stuff he knew lived in the supernatural world. He rather doubted it, but he couldn't help but hope. After all, the thought of fighting without them made him feel… lonely, he supposed.

'Ok. First things first,' He decided, shaking his head. His blue eyes looked at the crystal lotus charm for a moment before he actually activated Appraisal.

[Charm of ####

Rank - C]

'Huh, I can see the Rank of it now,' Joshua realized instantly. 'I can see Rank C now? What changed? Appraisal level? Am I a higher rank now and thus can see it? It would be nice to know my own rank, that's for sure. Shame I can't…'

'... Can I?'

Pausing, he slowly brought his own hand in front of his face. His eyes narrowed and he activated the skill once more. He hadn't expected it to do anything, so imagine his surprise when a blue screen actually appeared in front of his face.

[Joshua Davis

Rank - D]

'Well, that's kind of sad,' He thought with a slight grimace. He'd almost expected to be Rank C or something like that. Don't get him wrong, Joshua knew he wasn't much, but seeing the screen acknowledge him as rank D made him feel even worse.

Still, continuing with that line of thought, he turned to his familiars. Could he see their general Rank instead of their full screens? That question was answered rather quickly.

[Cheshire

Rank - D-]

[Nagini

Rank - E+]

[Morag

Rank - E]

'Huh, so - and + are a thing outside of their stats too? Good to know,' He noted, adding that information in the pages that he would dedicate to their progress. With that, he decided to get their check up out of the way before diving into research. He supposed he could let them do whatever they wanted afterwards, so better to get it over with as fast as possible.

'I wonder though, are Ranks based on species? Cheshire is awesome, yes, but she's not on the same level as I am. Even if she has a D- Rank, still...' Joshua mused, frowning. That was interesting, but also a bit confusing. That was nothing new though, so he quickly shook his head and continued.

[Cheshire

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Familiar Cat

Gender: Female

Strength: E+

Speed: D+

Dexterity: D+

Vitality: E+

Perception: D

Magic: E

Perks: 3

Skills: 5]

She was coming along nicely, but that was nothing new either, Joshua noted as he wrote down the changes from the last time he'd checked on her. He wondered, not for the first time, how his stats would translate into letter ranks. Maybe he could make a bit of a study out of it with some calculations taking his average Rank into account? Something to think about.

For now, he wanted to check Cheshire's skills progress.

[Bite – Lvl 11]

[Scratch – Lvl 13]

[Hunt - Lvl 9]

[Extrasensory - Lvl 7]

[Electric Resistance - Lvl 4]

'Nice,' He thought, smiling at the screen while his hand reached towards the cat and started scratching her head. The feline purred contently, leaning her head against his hand. He wondered if he looked weird to the animals right at that moment. He was kind of staring at the screens a little too much, something that he tended to avoid most of the time, since he was usually at least in Jeanne's company.

They didn't seem to take notice of it, or if they did, then they didn't care. 'Maybe they get a general idea through Bond like I do with their thoughts and such?' Joshua wondered, tilting his head. It was a possibility, he supposed.

'Next one.'

[Nagini

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Familiar Snake

Gender: Female

Strength: D+

Speed: D

Dexterity: E+

Vitality: D-

Perception: E+

Magic: F+

Perks: 3

Skills: 5]

'Ok then,' Joshua nodded, once more, his pencil scratching the page. It filled him with pride, to see the difference between the past and the present. Same as it did when he checked over his own skills and how their levels increased. He still remembered those first few days with few and underleveled skills and stats.

[Venomous Bite – Lvl 4]

[Hunt - Lvl 8]

[Wrap - Lvl 11]

[Leer - Lvl 4]

[Heat Resistance - Lvl 4]

'Her Venomous Bite is really falling behind,' Joshua thought with a grimace. It was a real shame that he didn't think he was quite there with his Poison Resistance skill to withstand Black Mamba venom. Evidently, using it against her prey wasn't working quite as well as they had hoped, probably because it wasn't really a challenge or anything to kill them. She didn't even need to use it, really, with how strong her Wrap was. Did the Game take that into account? He was pretty sure it did.

'Maybe there's another way to go about it?' Joshua wondered, making a note on the side of Nagini's page to look into that some more. 'Now, last but not least.'

Blue eyes turned towards the small, black spider on the table.

[Morag

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Familiar Spider

Gender: Female

Strength: E

Speed: E+

Dexterity: D-

Vitality: E+

Perception: E+

Magic: F

Perks: 2

Skills: 2]

[Venomous Bite – Lvl 8]

[Silk Weaving - Lvl 10]

'She has few skills,' He noticed instantly. This wasn't new information though, but it always bothered him when he checked the arachnid. 'Look into getting Morag some new skills,' He thought, noting that down on the side of her page, much like he had done with Nagini. The Hunting spider idea had been a bust, but maybe there were some other spiders they could try to emulate to get skills?

Finding something that Morag could use her magic with would be nice too. Cheshire had her Extrasensory, the spider having something of her own would be nice. It would be a waste to leave her now unlocked Magic stat unused, after all. Same for Nagini, really.

'Thoughts for later,' Joshua decided, closing the notebook and unlocking his phone. Time to research some mythologies. That was the idea, at least. However, the man found himself growing more and more frustrated the more he read.

Most, if not all, Egyptian gods and such were connected to one or a few specific animals, yes, but none of them seemed to be about animals in general. The closest he could find were Hathor, who seemed to be the goddess of cattle, which didn't really apply much to his case, and Osiris, who was, apparently, the god of life in general. Those were flimsy connections though, but he noted them down regardless. There was Neith too, but that was even more of a stretch, to him at least.

'So, it's either more of a broad connection, or this could just have been done by any Egyptian god...' He frowned at that last possibility. That would mean that there was no way for him to find out who seemed to have taken an interest in him. 'That, or I just haven't found the right information or the right god yet...'

That was an even more frustrating possibility, really. After all, he would be the first to say that the internet was an unreliable source of information at best. Who was to say that what he'd been reading so far had been right in any way? If it wasn't a book directly connected to the supernatural, it was best to think it was completely incorrect, as far as he knew. Even if that was the case, he still didn't think tales of gods and such would be entirely accurate.

Joshua sighed, leaning back on his seat. His eyes flickered between the Charm resting on the table and the screen that showed his newly gained Blessing. It wasn't like he was worried per se. This was a good thing, as far as he could tell, but he just didn't like the fact that he seemed to have gained the attention of a deity and he had no idea who it was. It meant that he had no idea who else could be looking at him or just what this deity could do to him.

Joshua sighed again.

'Better focus on something else, yeah?' He thought with a wry smile as he heard Jeanne move inside the study. Apparently, she was done with her stuff too. Once the girl walked into the room, he cast Appraisal on her. He'd just remembered that he wanted to do that while casting it on his familiars.

[Jeanne

Rank - C]

'Someone up there really hates me,' He thought, deflating a bit.

[}-o-{]​

"Come on, girl, just do it. It doesn't have to be anything epic, just give it your all and that'll be enough," Joshua encouraged. Next to him, Cheshire let out a meow that he was sure was agreeing with him, or maybe giving her own cheers for the little spider. Nagini, for her part, simply looked on from a little further away.

"You can do it, Morag," Jeanne cheered and the man couldn't help but be surprised. It wasn't that the girl didn't usually get along with his more… scary or creepy familiars, but it was at that moment that he realized that she did. Joshua still remembered when she'd first arrived and was supremely uncomfortable in the presence of the spider and the snake.

'It's either a testament of how good Jeanne is or of how easy humans can adapt,' He thought with a grin. 'Maybe both.'

His focus quickly returned to Morag though. This was one of the training exercises he'd thought up for the spider. Although, to be fair, he hadn't thought about many, really, with only one day to do so. Still, he quite liked the plans he'd made. If they worked, they would work well for Morag's mobility. Nothing out there, but it would be something, at least.

If they worked.

Still, he looked on as the spider tensed up, and bent her legs, lowering her body as much as she could. Then, she pushed up as hard as she could. Her body stopped touching the table under her for a split second before she fell back on the wooden surface.

Her whole body sagged, disappointed.

"Hey, hey, none of that," He chided, slightly shaking his finger at her. Joshua could feel the pitiful look she was shooting at him, like a child tearing up because they failed at something. "You jumped, Morag, that's what matters. You actually went up in the air."

He wasn't even just saying that to cheer her up, really. He'd pulled up her information screen to check up in case it worked. It had, indeed, gained her a new skill.

[Jumping - Lvl 1

Determines the user's ability to jump.]

'Wonder if she can get Parkour too… although, that's weird,' Joshua mused with a frown. 'Cheshire should have this, at least. I've seen her jump a bunch of times… Are the skills only related to special things? But then why would things like Bite and Slash appear? God, this is weird...'

"This is what training is for, remember? To get better," He continued, extending a hand and gently petting the spider's body with his finger. "Now you have something else to work with while we start working out, huh?"

That seemed to cheer the spider up some. Joshua had noticed, with some time since even with Bond it wasn't easy to pick up stuff from something like a spider or a snake, that the spider felt a little… left behind. After all, the only thing she had to really work on was her Silk Weaving. Her Venomous Bite was trained with normal "hunting" and biting him, the last of which made things worse instead of better.

"Ok, that's one thing taken care of. I just wanted you to try it, really. We'll work on it from now on, yeah?" Joshua asked with a smile, to which Morag gave her awkward leaning forward, a gesture that was her version of a nod. "Great. The second idea I had was regarding walking on water..."

From there, the man went on explaining what he'd found about the Raft Spider, or Dolomedes fimbriatus, if one wanted to be technical. A species of spider that walked/floated on water and sensed prey through the vibrations on said liquid. It was a really interesting read, if nothing else.

To try that out, Joshua had decided to start small. Not with a pot of water but simply taking a plate and "filling" it with water. That would give Morag a surface to work on without risking accidentally drowning. After all, if it worked, it wouldn't matter the depth of the water, and if it didn't, then the less water under her, the better.

For a long minute, the spider tentatively touched the liquid from the edge of the plate, not really stepping on it. Joshua and the rest simply let her be, simply watching from the sidelines. The man imagined that it must have been a little frightening or at least uncomfortable for the spider. After all, he was pretty sure that most spiders wouldn't approach water much, let alone try to walk on it.

Thus, he simply watched her try, keeping an eye on her skill list.

Eventually, when Morag was half-standing on the water, the screen expanded a little and added a new entrance. Joshua remained silent as he read it though. His spider familiar didn't seem to need reassurances this time. He would even go as far as saying that she had gotten over her awkwardness and was rather enjoying the exercise. That, or she was at least intrigued by it.

[Water Walking - Lvl 1

Determines the user's ability to walk on water.]

"You are doing great, Morag," Jeanne half-whispered, looking awed by the spider's progress as she slowly but surely started standing more and more on the water, successfully if it needs to be said.

Cheshire chose that moment to call for his attention, tapping his arm with her paw. Turning towards her, Joshua noted that both the cat and Nagini were pretty much huddled together, the latter of which staring intently at him. He blinked then, wondering if he'd missed something.

"Do you need something, Cheshire, Nagini?" He asked, looking between the two of them. He blinked again when both animals looked between each other and then back at him. "Ok? I need you to give me something to work with, gir-"

He never finished that sentence though. Joshua's mouth and tongue stopped moving, frozen where they were and his eyes would have widened if he could. However, he couldn't, all his body seemed to have stopped listening to him, stopping locking in place as if someone had hit the pause button on him.

Surprised, he tried to get a hold of himself and move, which he did, fortunately. He didn't want to know how it would have felt if he hadn't been able to do that. His eyes ten darted between his two familiars, who were trading another look. Eyes narrowing, Joshua called for their screens once more, immediately finding what he was looking for in Nagini's skill list.

[Disable - Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to stop a target with a look.

Consumption - F]

'Well, I won't have to think up a way for her to use her magic, at least,' Joshua mused, taking a deep breath in. His eye twitched at the proud preen that Nagini did at him.

"Never do that again without warning, am I clear?" He told her, with a tone that he was sure he'd never used any of his familiars yet. All three animals froze where they were, even Jeanne seemed to straighten. "Nagini?" He urged, raising an eyebrow while the snake wilted under his stare.

A second later, the snake hissed something that he understood as an apology.

"Ok," Joshua accepted then with a nod, sighing as he deflated. "How did you even manage that, girl?" He asked, noticing how everyone else seemed to have relaxed too. 'That was weird,' He mused, somewhat surprised. He'd never been too imposing a figure. Although, to be fair, he'd never interacted much with people to begin with.

Nagini answered the question with a hesitant pointing of her tail.

"Cheshire?" He blinked at the cat. How had she…? "Oh, you explained to her how you use your magic, I imagine?" He guessed then. His first familiar nodded, the cat looking at him curiously. "But how'd you make it like that?" He returned to questioning the serpent.

Her reply was a glare, which confused him for a second. 'Oh, so she combined Leer with her magic and it created Disable?' He theorized to himself. His eyes then moved to Morag, now the only familiar of his that couldn't use her magic. 'This opens possibilities. Maybe we can make more magical skills? Would something like that work for me?...'

He'd tried to make skills like that before though and it hadn't worked. 'Why can they and not me?' He wondered, more curious than annoyed. He'd admit to being a bit jealous, yes, but now that he, apparently, had a chance to learn more magic with his deal and had already much to study with his Wards. If this had happened before finding his first book, or even before looting the Hunter's house, he might have reacted worse.

"I think I get it," He voiced after a moment. "We'll have to work with it some more and see if you guys can learn anything else… That, and teach Morag, so that she can do stuff like that too."

"Stuff like what?" Jeanne asked, clearly lost in the conversation. Joshua turned to her, blinking as he realized that, obviously, the girl had no idea what was going on. He'd been the only one affected by Nagini's nea skill and it hadn't had any visual tells. 'Which might come in handy if we have to use that at some point.'

"Nagini?" Joshua called, when he saw the snake turn towards Jeanne, just in case the serpent thought it was a good idea to show the girl instead of just telling her.

Apparently, he had assumed wrong, as Nagini turned back towards him and all but pouted at him, which was a weird thing on its own. He'd yet to get used to how expressive his familiars could be sometimes. He hadn't even known snakes could pout.

"Anyway, she apparently learned a new trick," He explained to Jeanne, who was looking between man and animal trying to make sense of the situation. "She seems to have learned to use her magic to freeze people with a glare."

"Oh? How'd that feel?" She asked then, once more looking between them, now excited instead of confused.

"I guess she can show you, if you want to," He offered instead. "I'm just warning her not to do so without permission from us or at least asking."

"Hm, sure?" Jeanne accepted, only to blink as Nagini, once more, faced her. The girl opened her mouth to say something only to freeze, evidently falling prey to the snake's new skill. A second later, she regained control of her body. "Wow, that was weird."

"Yeah," Joshua nodded, extending a hand towards Nagini and scratching between her eyes. "Don't get me wrong, you did great, girl. Just don't do stuff like that without warning, yeah? It was an unpleasant surprise when it shouldn't have been."

The snake hissed something at him, a low sound that, accompanied with the way she looked slightly down, told him it was an apology. He sighed, picking the snake up and placing her around his shoulders. It was the best way he could think of to tell her everything was alright. Once there, Nagini gave him a slight squeeze.

Joshua wondered, not for the first time, when he'd stopped feeling the slightest bit afraid with such interactions. Instead, he was only comforted by the snake's actions. 'Who would have thought my life would turn this weird in just a few months?'

'Then again,' He mused as he looked around. 'I died and came back to life. How much more weird can things be?'

"So, you feel like continuing, Morag?" Joshua asked the spider, who was still standing over the water on the plate. His fingers continued lightly scratching Nagini's scales as he relaxed even more. Suddenly freezing without knowing what was going on had been a slight scare, he would admit. He felt silly though, thinking he had overreacted to the snake's new skill.

'Getting some more information about magical creatures would be nice,' He mused, grimacing as he realized that his only way to do so was through the Devils. Joshua really wished he had some other way to get stuff related to the supernatural. Then again, he wasn't sure he would trust some other magical being or person more than he did the demons. After all, it wasn't like he'd had any good interactions with that side of his world.

"Ok then, let's continue some other time," He replied when he saw Morag get out of the plate, evidently done for the moment. "I feel like just sitting around and reading something, wanna come?" He asked, offering his hand to the spider to climb on, which she eagerly did.

'Well, haven't had any good encounters until now, that is,' Joshua thought before letting out a wry smile. What did it say about his world that he's best encounter with the supernatural had been with a Devil of all things? He really wished that wouldn't continue to be the case.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Not much happens during this chapter, but, oddly enough, I really liked writing this. It was training and it had interactions, which are things that I like writing. Hopefully you like reading that too. If you don't… I have to question why you read my stuff, honestly. Those two things are often the focus of my stories, after all.

Random Question: What's your favorite Egyptian god? I don't have strong opinions regarding this, really, but being the edgy guy that I am, I'll have to go for Set or Anubis.

See you.

PS: I'll add a general view of how Joshua's stats and skills are coming along now.

Spoiler: General Character Sheet
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 358 others
Adrian King
Jul 3, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21 - Just Keep Diving Down The Hole New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#108
Just Keep Diving Down The Hole

It was one week from that day that Joshua received word from the Devils something that he'd started to doubt would happen. Not that he had any problems with that outcome, really. He'd been ready to pay for their service, so he wasn't overly concerned with losing his payment, honestly.

Regardless of his expectations, it happened. The flier lit up one day, and he'd almost missed it, if not for Nagini squeezing his neck and pointing with her tail. Picking up the piece of paper, he noticed that the text in it had changed. Instead of the 'We will grant your wish' he knew had been there before, there was a message for him, a time, to be exact.

"Well, good thing I was already upping the security in the Hunter's house," He mused, his eyes locked on the flier. Nagini, on his shoulders, hissed softly in what he was sure was her version of a noncommittal hum. She was probably not looking forward to that, Joshua guessed. After all, she'd have to stay away from them while they were at the meeting, much like they'd had during the first. She wasn't a fan of that, he knew. Neither was Morag, for that matter.

"Do you think it'll go well?" Jeanne asked, apparently having joined him in the room at some point.

"I don't know. Last time went well enough though, I have hopes that it'll go the same way this time," He replied with a shrug. "Do the voices have anything to say?"

"Not much," She answered, her lips twitching in a smile, like they always did when he casually mentioned the voices to her. Joshua guessed having such a part of her be easily accepted was a big deal for the girl, so he made an effort to try and bring it up often. "Just to stay on our guard. We know that you've put up even better protections this time. It should be fine, or so they say."

"That's a relief," Joshua nodded. It really was, at that. He was kind of on the fence about the Devils himself. After all, they were Devils but Kuisha had seemed perfectly reasonable. That left the man not knowing how to take her existence. Having something else, something that had proved to be reliable like the voices and Cheshire, making that decision for him was a small comfort. He'd have his doubts, but at least he had something to help him keep his paranoia under control.

"Will you try to make more deals with them though?" Jeanne asked this time and he grimaced. "Kuisha mentioned something about a contract with magicians. Contracts that were long term… You seemed pretty interested in them too, and said as much."

She was worried, Joshua realized almost instantly. He couldn't even blame her. He was too, if he was honest with himself. Making one deal with them had been nerve wracking. Now, thinking about making more was even worse, let alone singing a long term contract.

And yet… Joshua couldn't help but be curious. First, because he wanted to learn more about the Devils as a whole and second, because he'd, as he read through his books, realized that he was the smallest of small fries in the supernatural. Everything was stronger than he was, and while his Wards offered him an edge in his own territory, a place that he had no intention of leaving anytime soon, they didn't reassure him nearly as much as he would have liked.

The Devils could be his ticket to gaining enough power to protect himself, Jeane and his familiars. If not that, then they could certainly provide the ridiculously high number of Wardstones he wanted instead. With that, he'd put so many Wards over his city and around his place, that if someone, anyone, so much as tried to harm him and his, they would be dealt with swiftly and without mercy.

This was his second chance at life and nobody would disturb it if he had any say in it. He'd achieve a peaceful, happy life, that he vowed to himself and to Jeanne.

"I probably will make more deals. Although, I still don't know what I could offer them specifically," Joshua admitted, snapping himself from his thoughts. "I don't know about that contract thing. I'll look into it, probably ask lots of questions but… I don't think I'll do that. I'm curious but I won't be betting my life on something I don't know about. Less even if my only source of information is from the people on the other side of the contract."

"Good," Jeanne sighed, clearly relieved. A second later, she bit her lip nervously. "The voices agree too. They say you should be very careful, even if they seem trustworthy," She added, rubbing her left arm and looking to the side.

"I know," Joshua nodded. "This is our only connection to the supernatural that hasn't instantly been hostile though. We need that. Otherwise, we'll be stumbling around without knowing what we are doing. Sooner or later, that could lead to our deaths if we come across something dangerous that we know nothing about."

"That's… wise," Jeanne replied, sounding like she wanted to say something completely different. The man wondered then if that was something the voices had told her or if it was something that she admitted reluctantly. Maybe both?

"Is there something you'd like to make a deal for?" Joshua asked then, curious. After all, they hadn't talked much about things like that. It was always him that brought up the topic, saying how it would be good to have more information and such. Jeanne always commented on his ideas but never on things she'd like to get herself. Now that the topic had come back, he grew curious.

"Well, hm… I don't have much that I want, really," The girl answered, but the way she went back to looking away from him and rubbing her arm gave away the lie. Joshua shared a look with Nagini.

"Jeanne," He called, making her look at him and giving her a reassuring smile. "It's ok if there's something you want. It's been more than two months since we met each other and I think we've grown quite close. Just tell me. I'm sure it can't be that bad."

"I'd just… like to change my name," The girl said, slowly moving to take a seat at the table, her head stubbornly facing down at the wood. "There's been no trouble with my… past life," She continued and Joshua had to stop himself from flinching at those last two words. "But I don't want to risk it. I want to be free from that."

"I'm sure they can do that," Joshua offered with a smile that she couldn't see as he sat in front of her. "We'll just have to pay the price, but we can make that happen."

"Thanks," Jeanne replied with a smile that didn't reach her eyes.

"Is there something you aren't telling me?" Joshua prodded again, keeping his tone soft and sympathetic.

"I just… I don't like them, but they were my family," She said, her voice barely more than a whisper. Her shoulders hunched and she drew into herself, as if trying to make herself as small as possible. The sight made Joshua's insides twist painfully. "If I take that part of me away I'll be… alone."

"You'll never be alone, Jeanne," Joshua reassured, extending a hand and taking hers. "You have us," He added, Nagini offering a soft hiss of her own that was obviously an agreement.

"I know, it's just..." Jeanne struggled, as if looking for a way to explain herself. Joshua thought he had a pretty good idea of what she wanted to get at. After all, he felt alone sometimes too, even with his familiars and Jeanne. It happened every time he remembered the family that he had lost.

"Remember back when we met?" He asked, clearly taking the girl off guard with the random question. He smiled at her, his mind focusing more on the memories of that day. "You asked if people would think you were my sister."

At that, Jeanne's breath hitched and she went still.

"It's fine if that's not what you want," He continued speaking, smile still in place. "I just… I feel closer to you than I ever did with any of my other relatives. I care about you, Jeanne, my familiars care about you. You are already part of the family, to us at least."

His smile turned sad as he heard her sob and saw a tear draw a line downwards on her face.

"I wanted… You have no idea how much I wanted to hear that," Jeanne said, looking up. Her eyes bright and gleaming, a wide smile on her face. It took off a weight that Joshua hadn't realized had been resting on his shoulders. "I… I'd like to make that official, if that's what you are saying."

"It is," He confirmed, grinning back at her. 'You got that daughter that you wanted in the end, huh, mum, dad?' The young man thought to himself. 'Wonder what you'd think of all this.' He shook his head then, pushing away those thoughts before they ruined his good mood. "So, guess I'll bring this up with Kuisha when we have our meeting."

"Hm," The girl hummed, rubbing her eyes with the back of her hand still smiling from ear to ear. "Thank you."

"You have nothing to thank me for, Jeanne," He waved off. "So, I'm feeling in a good mood. What do you say we eat out today, huh?"

"I… Actually, I want to eat here. Would that be ok?" She asked shyly and he raised an eyebrow at her. "I just… I want to be with you, all of you. Cheshire, Nagini and Morag included."

He smiled at her, in a way that he assumed was very similar to how she smiled when he spoke of the voices.

"That sounds great to me," He nodded and the snake on his shoulders hissed her agreement. "Guess I'll have to see what I prepare to celebrate then."

[}-o-{]​

"Well, everything's ready and it's almost time," Joshua mused, as he sat once more at the table of the Hunter's house. Jeanne sat at his side and Cheshire, who had joined them this time, had laid herself on the table. They had already revealed the cat's presence to Kuisha before the end of the last meeting and so, they had decided it was better to have her with them for the meeting. Cheshire could be one more pair of eyes to keep eyes on Kuisha, just in case.

That would have been it but Nagini and Morag had both vehemently refused to be left back once more. Thus, the snake was, as usual, wrapped around the man's neck. Morag, on the other hand, had decided to change things up and was now standing on the back of Jeanne's right hand instead of his.

"Are you sure we shouldn't ask about something else?" Jeanne asked, suddenly worried and trying to play it off by scratching the spider's body with one finger. Joshua held back a roll of his eyes at the question. The girl had started to get progressively more unsure about asking for her identity change as time passed.

"Did you change your mind?" He asked, only being half serious. Joshua was pretty sure that she hadn't, but he just had to get the answer right then and there.

"No," Jeanne replied instantly, palling slightly and turning to look at him. "No, it's just. It's a bit of a waste, isn't it? To make a deal for something like that?"

"I don't think it's a waste. Do you?" He questioned this time and the girl's mouth immediately closed shut. "We are just asking, Jeanne," He continued, this time with a much softer tone. "If we can pay the price, we will and that'll be that. If we can't, then we'll just look for another way to do it. Ok?"

For a second, Jeanne looked like she was about to reply, but all she let out was a watery sob. Then, halfway between smiling and crying, she nodded. Joshua simply returned the grin and squeezed her shoulder. There was a moment of silence, as the girl composed herself and the man simply waited for both her and the Devils that were about to appear.

Sure enough, barely a minute after Jeanne recomposed herself, the flier on the table lit up and the circle that symbolized the Devil's teleporting flashed into existence. Joshua could only look wide-eyed, not because that was an unexpected development, but because instead of one Devil, two appeared in the room. One of them was, of course, Kuisha. The other, however, was a tall, muscular man.

Joshua instantly narrowed his eyes at him, not because he disliked him for any reason, but because the last thing he wanted at the moment was a surprise. He stood over a head taller than the woman next to him and likely would be a few inches taller than Joshua himself. His hair seemed to be kept short and not very well cared for. Not that Joshua himself was anyone to talk about that, what with how long his hair was getting just because he was too lazy to go and get it cut.

"Joshua, Jeanne, it's good to see you in good health," Kuisha greeted them with a professional smile. "I know it's a surprise, but let me introduce you to Sairaorg Bael, the King I serve and part of Bael House."

'King, but only "part" of Bael House? What's up with that?' Joshua noted instantly. Then he frowned as he continued staring at the man for a moment. 'Why do I feel like… I should know this guy? Sairaorg isn't a common name, why do I feel like I heard that somewhere?' He racked his brain for a little, trying to find out where he had heard such a name and why this guy felt familiar. 'It's almost like-'

[Mem0r& 8!.#+!]

'What the he-' Then he paused, blinked and shook his head. 'That was nothing,' Joshua decided. 'Yes, probably nothing.'

"I'm Joshua Davis, pleasure to meet you," He replied, putting on the same smile he would use at the cafe. "These are Jeanne, Cheshire, Nagini and Morag," He added, waving at each of them. The man was pleasantly surprised that neither seemed to bat an eye at the animals' introductions, let alone mock him for that. "Please, feel free to take a seat," He also offered, signaling the chairs on the other side of the table, suddenly thankful that they had left all of them in place.

"A pleasure," The man, Sairaorg said with a smile that was less professional and more true joy, taking the humans by surprise. "Kuisha has said good things about you two, especially you, Joshua. I have to say, if how useful your information proved to be is anything to go by, then I'm tempted to believe her too."

"Hopefully I can prove her right," Joshua replied, unsure of what else to say.

"Well, to get business out of the way," Sairaorg continued, seemingly not noticing how uncomfortable the two humans were with his unexpected appearance. "Kuisha, if you would?"

The woman simply waved her hand at the question. At the gesture, two pitch black circles appeared in the room, one on an empty corner and the other over the table. From them came out a few things. A few books stacked themselves in front of them and a wooden crate on the one that was apart. Joshua could only blink before he snapped himself out of his surprise. He'd expected to see something similar to his Storage circles. Evidently, that assumption had been wrong.

'Wait, if the books are the magic I asked for then that crate...' Joshua's eyes widened as he realized what that meant. 'What the actual fuck?' If that box was actually full of wardstones then that'd mean that he had just about tripled his stock of them, at the least.

"You weren't very specific with your payment requirements, so we decided to just bring equal quantities of all three types of Wardstones and from various qualities," Sairaorg started speaking, even with Joshua seemingly hypnotized by the crate. "Hopefully it's enough for the information you provided."

Even Kuisha was looking at the guy weird. Granted, she was probably doing that because Joshua's expression should be enough to go by, but still. 'I get the impression that he might be a bit… dense,' The human man thought to himself.

"It's more than enough, don't worry," Joshua replied, coughing behind his fist as he tried to gather himself. "It was a pleasure doing business with you," He added, unable to stop himself from eyeing the crate and the books on the table. 'Method of Neutrality,' He read on the one that was on top.

"That's great to hear," Sairaorg said, sounding genuinely happy as he grinned at him. "Now, I wanted to say that we are very interested in doing more business with you, Mr. Davis."

"Please call me Joshua," The man replied instantly, almost in reflex before his mind could even process what had been said. Then, his back straightened. That hadn't been expected either, but he could work with that. He had a deal he wanted to make himself, after all. "And what can I do for you?" He asked curiously.

"You see, ward-focused Magicians aren't common. Most people learn to make a few wards to monitor over their territories, but that's about it in most cases. True Warders are rare and from what I've heard from Kuisha, despite being self-taught, you are not only one but you are also good," Sairaorg explained, making Joshua blink.

'Warders aren't common?'

"That said, I'd prefer to test how good you are. I trust Kuisha's opinion, but I'd like to see what you can do for myself," The male Devil continued with an easy smile. "So, if you would activate your Wards on us, please?"

Joshua stared at him for a moment before sighing. He didn't even feel like having the same argument he'd had with Kuisha before. It was a good thing that he'd checked the Wardstones beforehand. If he'd pulled the same trick as before, those would have blown up for overcharging with the Draining Wards. As it was, he'd disconnected the latters and left the Weakening and Weighing Wards on their own.

Which isn't to say that he'd left it at that. He'd set up new arrays just like before. Which, in turn, meant that the Hunter's House was even more protected against Devils than it was before. And, with the new amounts of Wardstones he was receiving, he'd make it even more so. If he had any say in it, there wouldn't be a Devil in the world that would be able to do anything to him… or that was the plan, at least.

'Let's see how this goes, yeah?' Joshua thought to himself as he triggered his Wards. He saw Kuisha tense up instantly, which was expected. She'd looked like she was struggling already back when they'd tested the Wards on her and this time it was at the peak of back then plus the new arrays. That made it unsurprising the fact that she was fighting with what seemed to be all her being to remain upright.

Then, his eyes moved to Sairaorg. To his credit, Joshua could barely see the Wards having any effect on him. At first, he could see the other man's muscles tensing, but it was much less visible than with Kuisha. That fact remained unchanged. 'The Wards aren't enough for this one, it seems,' Joshua mused as he stopped the wards before the new arrays' Wardstones blew themselves up.

"Yes, I definitely want you to make Wards for us," Sairaorg proclaimed after a moment, looking very excited. "We'd love it if you could-"

He was interrupted by Kuisha clearing her throat. The woman sent the other Devil a look that Joshua recognized from when Jeanne had to remind him that he was getting a little too carried away when training or babbling about magic. The human could only sympathise with the other man for that. It was a terrible thing to experience, truly.

"Right, em," The man coughed on his hand with a nervous smile. "I don't know if Kuisha mentioned this in her last visit but this city is in our territory, mainly. Magicians and other people can come in but if anyone causes trouble then it's our responsibility."

That was news to him, but Joshua wondered what the Devils got out of that. If anyone could come in and do whatever so long as they behaved, what was there for them to gain? Maybe it was just that they decided what was acceptable inside their territory? And that they could really do whatever they wanted. Maybe there was something else he was unaware of too.

"It's why we really appreciate you bringing the information about Khaos Brigade. They caused trouble for our people and we'd been wanting to deal with them for a while now," Sairaorg explained with a slight grimace, as if he didn't want to admit what he was saying. "Regardless, we'd like to avoid that happening again. That's where you come in. We'd like you to set up Wards around the cities inside our territories."

As soon as he heard that, Joshua's mind raced to try and see how difficult that would be. The first and more important problem was the one regarding the range. His skills were nowhere near the point of letting him cast something like that. He could probably achieve that with careful design of the circle so that it would cover whatever he wanted. The problem with that was that he'd be sacrificing a lot of power to extend the Ward like that, power that would have made the spell more effective.

"Does it sound like something within your capabilities, Joshua?" Sairaorg asked, leaning back against his chair, obviously seeing that he was already thinking about it. The man didn't immediately reply though, as he went over his options to make such a request possible.

"I definitely can craft a ward circle that would be able to do what you want. I can probably draw some redundant circles in case anyone tries to hide from the first one and other such contingencies… The problem is that I'm not powerful enough to cast wards that big and have them be as good as you surely want them to be," Joshua replied, grimacing at having to admit as much. It was a shame, since it would have given him something to negotiate with. Unfortunately, lying would have been worse, especially since he wouldn't be able to get good enough for that soon.

"That is unfortunate," Sairaorg mused, his excitement receding, making the human man deflate a bit. He just wasn't powerful enough though.

"Maybe there's a way though," Joshua started again, instantly making both Devils' eyes lock onto him. Resisting the urge to squirm under their stares, he continued. "I'm not powerful enough to power such wards, but you are. I can draw the ward circles and set them, after that, I can set up Draining Wards to feed them with your power until they are as strong as you want them."

Not the ideal bargaining chip that he wanted, but it was something he supposed. He wouldn't be able to ask for as much as he would have been if he did all the work, but Joshua supposed it was better than having nothing to trade with. He'd just have to get better so that something like this didn't happen again.

"Oh, I like the sound of that," Sairaorg's grin immediately returned as he said that. "Now, we can provide you with all the details you'll need later. I have several cities such as this one under my territory and I want them all to be Warded. I'm curious now though, what would you want for such a service?"

That was, fortunately, something that he'd already been thinking too, as soon as Sairaorg started talking.

"First of all," Joshua started, a smile tugging at his lips. "Jeanne ran away from home some time ago and has since been living with me. I'd like to have her be part of my family. We could do it through mundane means, of course but..."

"But that approach can be too troublesome sometimes," Kuisha finished for him with a nod. "We can certainly do that. It wouldn't even be that hard, really."

"That's great," Joshua nodded, thankful for their honesty. Although, he had already had suspicions regarding that being too easy for them, he would have been fine overpaying for something that important. "Other than that, I'd like more magic books such as these ones for each city that I cover."

"Oh?" Sairaorg leaned forward. "More Neutral Magic books?"

"No, I'd prefer other types of magic. I'm interested in Healing Magic and Spatial Magic, if you can find books about them," Joshua replied. It was time to finally put all those levels he had in Healing to use, and use Spatial Magic for more than just Storage Spells.

"I think I like you, Joshua. If you are interested, I'd like to discuss a long term contract with you in the future," Sairaorg said, grinning from ear to ear. Joshua was sure he should have been worried about having a Devil sound and look so interested in him. For the moment though, that was good. It meant he had a sort-of ally in the supernatural, and that reassured him a fair deal.

'Let's hope I'm not making a mistake getting involved with these two.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, more interactions and another deal with the Devils. Several deals in one, really. Joshua seems to be moving up in the world, huh?

And yes, Joshua and Jeanne are gonna have a sibling relationship. By the way, I don't think I've explicitly told it like this but Joshua is an adult in his twenties and Jeanne is a teenager. There was no way I was going to write their relationship as an actual one without years passing by and even then it could be weird.

Even without that reason, I like this path I'm taking better. Both Joshua and Jeanne are alone in the world, and they latched onto each other. Them growing into a family feels more natural to me, honestly. I also like the fact that this is a DxD fic and everyone expects Joshua to get romantically involved with every woman that appears in the story. I can tell you that isn't going to be the case. Chances are that there'll be a harem or at least several love interests though, so don't worry too much.

That's it for the notes today, thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you prefer eating out or homemade food? Most of the time I prefer eating out, since we rarely prepare complicated stuff at home, but when we do it's much better than what people sell. So, it depends, I guess.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dragonace111, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 370 others
Adrian King
Jul 3, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22 - Above The Earth I Am Transformed New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#113
Above The Earth I Am Transformed

The meeting with the Devils went surprisingly well after that. Joshua was sure that he'd finally be able to relax if he could go through the bunch of deals that involved making Wards for their territories without trouble. Granted, a part of him didn't know if that was good or bad, really. What if they were only trying to give him a false sense of security? It sounded a little elaborate even to himself, but these were Devils he was dealing with, literally, and he knew next to nothing about them, so there was that.

Regardless of his paranoia being guaranteed or not, the general deal had been made already, so he would be hard pressed to go back on his word. He was too afraid of the other party to even try. And even if he wasn't, he really wanted the whole deal with Jeanne to be done smoothly and hopefully without having to bother too much with that. Joshua didn't know how complicated that would be, but he was fairly sure that he didn't want to bother if he could get supernatural beings to take care of that.

'God, that sounds lazy,' Joshua thought with a grimace. It wasn't entirely that though. Jeanne wanted to avoid her past life as much as possible and adopting her into his family was sure to bring up all sorts of questions that would be hard to answer. Not to mention the possibility of having mundane eyes scrutinizing his life. With it being so supernaturally oriented as of late, that was the last thing he wanted to deal with.

So, deal with the Devils it was.

"I really don't know how you manage that, Joshua," Jeanne commented from where she sat on the other side of the table. For once, he could understand where she was coming from. He was currently occupying half of the table completely with the information Sairaorg had provided him for his job. For one of the cities, at that. The one they were currently in, for more detail.

He was going over it to make sure that he wasn't missing any little detail that would mess with his wards. The bits about supernatural beings were interesting, but Joshua had sworn that he wouldn't use that information for anything, not even to talk with those people. After all, they had given Sairaorg their information in good faith since he was the owner of the territory, basically, but it would be bad for him if it came out that he freely shared that information.

So, Joshua would do his job and that would be it. He might not be the smartest, but he certainly knew not to piss off a Devil. Especially one that could apparently shrug off his most powerful wards. It was better to stay on the Bael Devil's good side.

Still, Sairaorg himself had admitted that it was best not to rely on that information too much regarding those matters. After all, Joshua himself knew first hand that things could… slip by. Hell, the whole matter with the wards was because Sairaorg didn't know all that went on in his territories.

"I just do, I guess," Joshua replied with a shrug, his eyes glued to the circle he was currently working on. His fingers absently rubbed the Charm between his fingers.

He'd grown less worried about the little thing after the Blessing. After all, if this being had given him such a boon, it couldn't be that bad, right? Also, after months of being close to it nothing had happened, so he felt like he could at least give this being the benefit of the doubt. Joshua had even taken to carrying the thing around just in case it had some unknown good effect that he hadn't been taking advantage of.

At the moment though, the man was too focused on his task. Yes, a Detection Ward would be the first thing he would set up. Well, several, really. After all, one of those could be fooled easily enough. That's why one had to place redundant circles that did basically the same thing but from different approaches.

After all, if he placed one that detected magical beings, a human magician could slip by fooling the ward making it think he was just a mundane man or woman. Such examples could be made for basically any and all wards, really. So, Joshua's job was basically to make a rule and then find any and all loopholes imaginable to make sure they couldn't be used.

It was not an easy task, that he would tell anyone that would listen.

Fortunately, his new, tentative Devil allies had been kind enough to provide him with some more books he would need for the job. It had cost him, of course. The first city would be basically paid with exactly those books and the little favor of Jeanne's matters. He wouldn't get anything more until the next one.

Joshua was fine with that thought. He'd positively devoured those books as soon as he'd gotten them. Almost forsaking a few days of training. Almost. Besides, he'd barely had time to skim through the books he'd gotten on battle spells for Neutral Magic. He wanted to start with that, yes, but he also wanted to do these deals as soon as possible. Generating good rapport with the Devils could end up being very beneficial and he wasn't keen on leaving them waiting.

It was frustrating, honestly. More than once he wished his days were twice as long.

"I think this one is done…" Joshua decided, sighing, leaning back and wearily looking at the circle he'd just finished designing. "Gotta leave this on the side."

"-And come back to it later," Jeanne finished for him with a slightly teasing tone. "We know, Josh."

"Josh, huh?" He noted with a half-smile. "I don't think anyone's called me that in a while."

"Do you like it?" The girl asked, all but bouncing on her seat, the notebook she used to brainstorm ideas for her swords lying on her side of the table now.

"I think I do, lil' sis," He shot back and if it was possible, the girl's grin widened even more. She was really happy with how things had gone regarding that, apparently. Not that he could blame her. It was nice to have it be… official, in a way, even if nothing had been done yet. It would be soon enough, Joshua would make sure of that. "How are the sword ideas coming along?" He asked curiously.

"Well… I've been trying to get one that alters the mind, like you said but…" The girl then drew onto herself and bit her lip. "I… I don't like using them."

"It's alright, Jeanne," Joshua reassured quickly, already having half expected something like that. After all, affecting someone's mind was, in some ways, much worse than damaging their bodies and such. It was more… disturbing, would be the word, he supposed. "How about just for training, yeah? Just to make sure that nobody uses something like that with us?"

"I guess… I really don't want that to happen," Jeanne nodded slowly, her eyes locked on the notebook in front of her. She was avoiding looking at him, he realized quickly.

"We can just avoid it if you want to, Jeanne. I won't be angry," Joshua told her. It would be a real shame, but he wouldn't be angry with her. She was just a teenager, she shouldn't be dealing with any of this, really. She had to, however. Not only because she was stubbornly remaining beside him but also because she had a Sacred Gear.

"No, I… I can help, if it's just training… Just… not often, ok? I used it once, with Cheshire, and… I didn't like how it felt. It was… wrong. The voices didn't like it very much either," She explained hesitantly, the last part said in a rush, as if trying to add more justification. What was said was enough for him though.

"It's fine. We can do it slowly. It's not like there's immediate danger of that happening," Joshua told her. There were the Devils, but there were several reasons for not counting them much. First, it was already a little late for that, really. Second, his Mind Resistance skill wasn't leveling or seemingly picking up on anything, so he guessed he was safe for the moment. "Wait, you used it on Cheshire?"

His eyes then moved to the cat in question, who was watching them curiously.

Sure enough, there it was.

[Mind Resistance - Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to resist attacks to the mind.]

"I'm sorry," Jeanne whispered, her voice coming out in this painful sound that Joshua instantly hated.

"Don't apologize. It's fine. I was just surprised," He reassured, putting a hand on her shoulder. "This whole thing was to be used in exactly that way. Don't worry. I just didn't expect you to start without me," He offered with a half-smile.

"I just… She seemed to want that, so… and I wanted to try it out… I didn't know how it would feel, for her or for me," The teen said, still hesitant but no longer looking ready to bolt, at least. 'Progress,' Joshua thought to himself, withholding a sigh. Jeanne was getting better, but she still occasionally looked about to freak out for one thing or another. This Mind thing had truly affected her, it seemed. 'Maybe we can put it off for a bit,' He mused.

"Girl, how was it for you?" The man asked, curiously, then he blinked and almost cursed. That was the worst question he could have picked for that exact moment. If the answer was bad, Jeanne would-

The cat tilted her head at him and he took in her body language. She didn't seem tense, or anything of the sort. She looked calm, curious even. The feline meowed and the man internally sighed in relief.

"See, Cheshire's fine," Joshua told Jeanne calmly, as if that whole thing had been planned. He really needed to watch what he said though. The teenager, for her part, deflated a little on her chair.

"Um… Joshua?" Jeanne started speaking, making him blink curiously. He'd expected the conversation to end there, both of them turning back to their tasks. That topic was closed, after all, and neither he nor she, he guessed, wanted to keep talking about something that made her so uncomfortable. "Do you mind if I cook tonight?"

He blinked again at that.

"Eh, no, go ahead," He allowed easily enough, unsure of why she looked so serious when asking the question. The smile that spread on her face didn't make much sense either. "Do you need help?" Like that, Jeanne chuckled nervously, but not overly so, thankfully.

"I've… never actually cooked much," She admitted, fidgeting a little. That was… actually true, Joshua supposed. She mostly waited tables at the cafe, and he was always the one to prepare meals at home so… 'Huh, I hadn't noticed.'

"Well, guess I'll have to teach you," Joshua said, smiling softly at her as he remembered times when his mother taught him how to cook. He'd had the time, back then, when he avoided the world and its people. He'd had the time and his mother.

"Josh?" Jeanne called as his mind drifted and he shook his head slightly.

"Sorry, just got lost in thought," He excused, his smile growing slightly sad. "So, what did you have in mind for your first lesson?" He asked, his grin reaching his eyes once more.

"Well…" Jeanne started, wearing a smile of her own.

[}-o-{]​

"God, that was terrible," Joshua said through his chuckles. Distractedly, he set down his fork on the plate in front of him. The cooking had been… interesting, to say the least. He'd barely managed to salvage the food so that it was at least somewhat edible, which was a relief.

"It wasn't that bad," Jeanne weakly defended herself. That was a lie if Joshua had ever heard one. Every possible mistake she could have made, she had, he was sure. It had been a little nerve wracking for him at the moment, but he was having a great time laughing about it now.

Cheshire meowed from the side.

"It wasn't!" Jeanne protested against that accusation.

Nagini hissed something, a sound that started and stopped repeatedly, like she was-

"Stop laughing!" Jeanne whined. "You are on my side, right, Morag?" She asked at last, using her last resort.

The spider in question made herself as small as possible and took a hesitant step away from the girl.

"Not you too!" Jeanne lamented, deflating on her chair.

[Bond: Cheshire has gone up a level.]

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

[Bond: Morag has gone up a level.]

'At least that disaster was good for something,' Joshua thought as he continued laughing. 'Here's hoping she gets better with time though. This won't be so funny if it keeps on… Maybe…'

[}-o-{]​

'I'm a fucking genius,' Joshua thought to himself, unable to stop grinning. He'd been like that for almost the whole week, really. He'd finally done it, after all, and that was enough to keep his mood up for a while.

What had he done? Well, finished with a new ward array idea, of course.

The idea had started sounding rather easy, but had turned out to be a lot more complicated than he expected. It was rather simple too, at least when said out loud. He'd wondered one day, shortly after he'd started making Weighing Wards to train, if he could make one that would put on just the right weight on the target.

Of course, he'd run into problems back then, like how that weight would be constantly changing and thus the ward would have to be updated every so often. That in itself wasn't a huge problem, really, but when coupled with the fact that making a ward that would target one specific being would drastically increase the amount of magic needed to achieve the same results as a more general one… Well, that certainly put blocks on his path.

Until now, that is. Joshua had started revising that idea after his talk with the Devils and his realization that he could drain the magic away from other people to power his wards. As such, the issue of powering the wards became more along the lines of 'can I cast the ward and then get the power elsewhere?' instead of just 'can I power the ward?'. It had drastically changed his view of how warding could be done.

From there, when he wasn't working in the Devils' wards, he was working on this new-old idea of his. Jeanne hadn't been happy with how much he worked when he wasn't… well, working at the cafe, but she'd understood that it probably counted as him relaxing. Joshua had found that he rather enjoyed tinkering with magic circles. Was that what people that tinkered with vehicles and such things felt like?

Back to the point, he'd finally managed to make his idea a reality during the last week and he'd set out to put it into practice. First, obviously, he tested it on himself and it worked wonders. Jeanne hadn't been a fan of it, but then again, she always complained about training, even if she never said a word about stopping doing it.

What he'd come up with was a ward array rather than a simple Weighing Ward. It still had one of those, obviously, one that targeted only one person in their group rather than several or all of them. There was also a Draining Ward that absorbed magic from that one target and powered the whole array. It was a slow thing, for sure, but that was fine, since there was no need for rapid increases in the Weighing Ward when it came to training.

From there he'd put two Monitoring Wards, a new ward that he'd learned specifically for this. They were actually very similar to the Detection Ward, except that they watched for changes in things inside the wards and not just the things themselves. He'd already been looking into those to add them to the ward arrays for the Devils too, so it worked rather well for Joshua.

Anyway, the Monitoring Wards kept up with two things. One watched the target and checked how they were doing against the strain of the Weighing Ward. When it started becoming too much for the target, they would trigger and stop the Draining Ward. The second Monitoring Ward watched the magic levels of the target and did much the same when their reserves started running low.

Thus, he created a training ward array that was pretty damn good, if he did say so himself. He had some plans to add a Weakening Ward to it, or maybe some other ones, he'd found some rather interesting wards through his studies after all. As it was, he was rather proud of his work results and felt no need to change much about it for the moment. He didn't have all the time in the world, after all.

'And… done,' Joshua thought as he finished setting the last ward of the array, the Draining Ward. With it, the whole thing could finally start working properly. Next to him, Morag sagged a little.

"You are all set up, girl," The man said softly, with an understanding smile on his face. He guessed she was the most affected because even the powered down ward would be quite heavy on her from the start, rather than the slow increase everyone else had had to deal with. "Take your time to get used to it, yeah? No pressure."

"Hm, Josh?" He heard Jeanne call hesitantly. "Something's up with Cheshire."

Instantly he grew worried. Had he messed up one of the wards? Had he miscalculated the one of the Monitoring Wards? He was sure he had done it right. He was alright, Jeanne was alright too. What could have-?

Then Joshua felt two things through his Magic Sense. First was the erratic nature of Cheshire's reserves. They weren't low, as he'd feared, and she was moving somewhat fine, so the weight wasn't the issue either. The second thing was the Charm, which was drawing on his magic and extending a… chord, for lack of a better term, towards the feline.

For a split second, he grew worried that the Charm was affecting his familiar, but that couldn't be it. The magic hadn't reached her yet. This was something else going on.

Cheshire, for her part, approached him then, hesitantly, as if walking was a strange act for her all of a sudden. Hesitant, for a whole other reason, Joshua stepped towards her too, once and then twice, until he was decisively moving towards the cat.

Then the magic string finally reached her and Joshua felt his magic go to the Charm and then to Cheshire. All three of them "shone" in his Magic Sense, but neither of them stopped moving. Eventually, Joshua drew the feline into his arms and held onto her. Their magic drew together with the Charm acting as a link of sorts between man and animal.

It was at that moment that Joshua felt something else, this time not through his Skill though. He felt Cheshire change in his arms. She started… growing, he realized. Her tail shortened, tufts of hair growing on the tips of her ears. Only her meow let Joshua know that what was happening wasn't necessarily bad, since she sounded more confused than in pain or anything like that.

Eventually, she stopped changing.

[Bond: Cheshire has gone up a level.]

Wide-eyed, Joshua looked down to see… something completely different from the Cheshire he knew. Almost on instinct, he used Appraisal on her.

[Cheshire

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Magical Lynx

Gender: Female

Strength: D-

Speed: D+

Dexterity: D+

Vitality: D-

Perception: D+

Magic: E+

Perks: 4

Skills: 6]

'What the actual fuck?' Joshua thought, unable to recover from the shock. 'Did she… evolve, Pokemon-style? What the hell?' Trying to grasp at… something, the man called for his familiar's Skills and Perks, wanting to check if there was anything else that had changed. Sure enough, he was right. There was an additional Perk on her list.

[Lesser Shapeshifting.

The user can change their body within restricted forms.

List of Forms:

-Cat

-Lynx]

He hadn't even finished reading the screen when Cheshire changed shapes in his arms, much quicker than before. One moment, she looked like what he was pretty sure was a lynx, and the other she was back to the cat form she had always been in. 'She changed forms,' He thought numbly.

"Joshua?" He heard Jeanne behind him. "What the fuck?"

He was pretty sure that was the first time he'd heard her curse like that. He didn't, however, have it in him to do the mature thing and chastise her for her language. He fully agreed with her sentiment, after all.

Almost an hour later, Joshua and Jeanne sat side to side, looking on as Cheshire bounced around the forest. The man absently played with the Charm between his fingers. 'Is this a good thing?' He wondered to himself as his eyes followed his first familiar. 'It feels like I should be… but why am I nervous?'

He supposed he was nervous because he didn't understand and humans feared what they didn't understand. He'd only regained a semblance of calm after finding a possible reason for what had happened.

[Cheshire

Rank - D]

His familiar had stepped fully into the Rank D, which he supposed had triggered the… evolution, as it were. He still had no idea how it had happened. He couldn't wait to get his hands on some books regarding magical creatures. Was this normal? He was pretty sure the answer to that question was no. After all, if whatever happened had needed his magic and the Charm, then it certainly wasn't something that could happen enough to be normal.

'How I wish I could talk with the one that gave me the Charm,' Joshua lamented.

"So, that's a thing," Jeanne said, still not fully over what she had witnessed.

In a way, it was funny, Joshua supposed, how they couldn't wrap their minds around Cheshire going from a cat to a lynx when they lived in a world of magic where religions and mythologies were real.

"Yeah," Joshua replied with a nod.

"You think the others will change too?" She asked then and the man felt his eye twitch.

"Probably."

"Well, at least nothing too weird should happen anytime soon, right?" Jeanne said jokingly. Joshua, meanwhile, winced.

"I really, really hope you didn't just jinx us, Jeanne," He all but prayed.

"Oh, come on! What could possibly-" Then she stopped talking as they both saw Cheshire and Nagini turn their attention to Morag, who was currently training and enjoying herself at the same time by weaving a web on the low branch of a tree. Then, they saw the small arachnide raise her front legs in a position that would have looked vaguely threatening if she wasn't so tiny.

Then she shot purple liquid in front of her. It was just a few drops, but Joshua and Jeanne were just close enough to see it. Both humans looked at the spot in the trunk that had been hit. After a second, the area around the drops turned slightly darker and dry, like it was rotting the tree at a rapid pace. It was a small area, but as Joshua stood up and got closer to have a better view, he could clearly see the effects.

"This is hundred percent not my fault," Jeanne defended herself before anyone could express anything.

"Sure it isn't, Jeanne, sure it isn't."

"You can't blame me for that!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Everyone and their mothers saw that coming, right? I mean, people have been talking about the familiars evolving pretty much since Cheshire was introduced in the second chapter, so I would be surprised if anyone else was surprised with this. Regardless, I hope you liked it.

And, of course, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: How do you think the evolutions will go from here?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 368 others
Adrian King
Jul 3, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23 - I’d Rather Fail Than Not Know New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#116
I'd Rather Fail Than Not Know

"This is fun," Joshua commented while grinning. He could see, off to the side, how both Jeanne and Nagini shook their heads at him. He ignored them though, because he was having the time of his life.

A spear came straight at him from the side. Now, normally, he would have used his daggers to block. That day wasn't a normal day though. His smile widened as a dim, grayish blue circle appeared between him and the tip of the weapon, stopping it before it could reach its target.

[Magic Shield has gone up a level.]

'Absolutely amazing,' He thought to himself, parrying as another one of Jeanne's training sword-dummies, this one with an actual sword, attacked him from the front. Behind him, he could hear the one that had daggers still struggling on the ground against his Magic Rope.

As he attacked the swordsman with his daggers, he summoned another circle pointing towards the spearman. This one much smaller than the last one, shooting a flash of energy and hitting it straight in its illusory chest.

Those were the three spells he'd decided to focus on from the Neutral Magic books that the Devils have given him.

Magic Bolt, Magic Shield and Magic Rope.

And he was very much enjoying putting them to the test. They'd already doubled his combat capabilities, as he could fight four of Jeanne's dummies at the same time. 'Speaking of, there's one mis- Oh, there it is,' He thought, noticing another swordsman sneaking behind his back, its attack stopped by another barrier.

[Perception has gone up a level.]

'Neat.'

"And, enough," Joshua determined then. Fun as it was to fight with magic, it drained his reserves a lot, since he couldn't very well use drawn circles in the middle of combat… Well, he could, but that would require at least one of his hands to be dedicated to holding cards or a book and that would just make things more complicated than it was worth.

"Good to see you are enjoying yourself," Jeanne said with a supremely unimpressed expression as she handed him a towel, which he gratefully took to dry his sweating forehead. "Your familiars are following your example too," She added then. She meant that as a critic but Joshua took it as a compliment, really.

"I know, right?" He replied, looking positively proud of them.

Nagini was "resting", if it could be called that. Most of the training session, the snake would be coiled around a tree branch, squeezing it for all she was worth with Wrap. Also, from time to time, the serpent would hit unsuspecting victims - read, the rest of them - with either a Leer or a Disable.

On the other side of the clearing was Morag, who had been greatly motivated by her increasing number of skills. She was especially proud of the two she'd created that consumed magic, which he guessed made sense. She was very happy to have gone from being the one with the lowest number of skills to being the one with the highest. At least if one didn't count the Resistance skills.

First was the Skill she had made to shoot poison around.

[Poison Shot - Lvl 2

Determines the user's ability to spit poison.

Consumption - F]

And then, there was the one she'd made most recently, which she was practicing at the moment. Being that she was doing so by simply weaving a web of silk like she usually did, it could almost pass as just her working on her Silk Weaving and nothing else. However, if one looked closely, they would notice that the threads had a slight purple shine to them.

That was her new skill at work.

[Poison Web - Lvl 2

Determines the user's ability to create silk threads covered in poison.

Consumption - F]

The Consumption of the skill was probably calculated by an amount of silk or something, because Joshua couldn't otherwise explain how Morag could tailor so much of that webbing in one session otherwise.

Then, there was his first familiar, darting around as she trained a new skill too. Cheshire had taken offense to Morag developing a new skill right when she… evolved, for a lack of a better term. Thus, the feline had worked until she made a new skill of her own too.

[Agility - Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to increase their Speed and Dexterity.

Consumption - F]

Cheshire loved that skill too, apparently, because she would usually have the dim light blue shine of the skill around her anytime she could run around freely. Joshua almost felt bad for whatever animal in the forest his familiar set herself to hunt. At this point, he was sure it was positively unfair for her to go after normal animals, especially if they were smaller than her.

"Besides," He started, turning towards Jeanne again. "You've been training a lot too, don't think I haven't seen you."

At that, the girl pouted, crossed her arms and looked away. Then, she kicked the ground and grumbled something that he thought sounded like "left behind". He shook his head at ther.

"Jeanne, you don't have to train as much as we do," He told her with a soft smile as he ran a hand through his increasingly longer hair, the sweat in it helping to keep it out of his face. "I told you to train so that you would have a fighting chance if something happened. We train more than we need to, honestly. I kind of like it, and I'm sure my familiars do too," He explained, said animals giving their agreement. At least Nagini and Cheshire did, but he was sure Morag did too, just unnoticeably so. "You don't need to push yourself too hard."

"I know," The teenager mumbled. "I just… I worry that you are working too hard, Josh."

That… was a valid point, he supposed.

"I guess we can afford to take it easy for a bit," Joshua agreed slowly. "Anything you want to do then?"

It was kind of sad, he supposed, but Joshua really didn't know what to do with his free time. He could draw, of course, but that was more something he enjoyed while on short breaks at home, really. He could do what he would have back before he died and look for something to read or see, but the man didn't see the appeal anymore when he now lived in a world of magic.

"I was thinking, maybe we can spend the day in the city? Now that we don't have Khaos Brigade to worry about?" Jeanne asked hesitantly, as if she hadn't expected him to give in that easily. Which… she probably didn't.

"Sure, sounds good," Joshua nodded. "Let's drop these bunch back in the apartment and go, yeah?"

"Yeah," Jeanne replied with a wide smile that he happily returned.

[}-o-{]​

He was an idiot.

Joshua had come to that conclusion just a few moments before. Why did he think this? Well, it was rather simple, really.

[Magic Bolt - Lvl 4/50

A Neutral Spell which the user can cast to create a bolt of energy.

Consumption with circle – G

Consumption without circle – E]

He'd been using the Magic Bolt a lot during training lately, but he'd stupidly ignored a rather important part of the screen that described the Spell. The Consumption values, to be precise. He'd grown used to just looking at the cost with the use of the circle. After all, he'd struggled doing that, what was the point of looking at the without-circle one?

And with this one, he'd barely glanced at it, making sure that he could cast it without circles, since that had been the whole point.

Joshua had forgotten that his other spells also could be used without circles.

Thus, he was an idiot.

[Storage Spell – Lvl 13/50

A Spatial Spell which the user can cast to create a pocket dimension to store inanimate objects.

The user can create a storage space of up to 13 squares.

Consumption with circle – F

Consumption without circle – D]

'Considering the number of times I've been using spells with a Consumption of E and that the system classifies me as Rank D with my highest stat being Magic… I'm fairly sure that I should be able to cast this without circles… I might pass out though, but I don't think that's likely.'

As his internal monologue went on, he felt someone pinch his cheek.

"Rude," Jeanne grumbled while pouting. "You are supposed to be helping me, Josh."

"Jeanne," Joshua sighed. "I think we've established that you are good at picking clothes that make you look even better than you usually do. I don't see why you need my opinion on this."

Seriously, of all things they could do to relax… shopping hadn't been in his list, that's for sure. He was fairly sure that he could be excused for letting his mind drift off, really. He wasn't even her boyfriend, he was her brother. Why must he suffer through this?

"Meanie," Jeanne said, her pout, against all odds, got even worse.

"Come on, let's get you that outfit, yeah? I think it's the best so far," He told her with a smile. That was a small lie, really, because she'd looked pretty good with basically everything she'd tried, but if they waited for her to find something better then they would never leave, he was sure. Thus, he settled for that and a little trick he'd picked up. "Then we can go and get some ice-cream, how does that sound?"

"Fine," She huffed and turned away. Joshua could still see the corners of her mouth twitching up though.

'I'm definitely trying the Storage Spell without circles,' He thought, before giving his sister his full attention. Last thing he wanted was to get on her bad side. Jeanne, meek and nervous as she usually got, could be a true terror when she wanted to be.

[}-o-{]​

"So, this is where you want to set up the wards?" Joshua asked, looking around a bit.

"Yes," Sairaorg nodded, grinning as always. The human had come to realize that was how he always looked. "How goes the circle creation?"

"It goes well," Joshua nodded. "If you only want detection and such, I can already start setting up some, as I told you. If you want defensive and offensive wards though, it'll take a while."

Once upon a time, he'd been worried about making such a statement to a Devil for fear of disappointing or something. He was beginning to think that there really wasn't more than met the eye regarding Kuisha and Sairaorg. Jeanne certainly had started to relax, the girl happily chatting with the Devil woman off to the side.

"Detection is fine," Sairaorg reassured. "We can do the rest by ourselves." Considering that they had taken out Khaos Brigade in a matter of weeks, Joshua was inclined to believe him.

"Then I only need the wardstones and I can get started," He replied with a grin that he hoped looked as friendly as the Devil's. If it did or not, he didn't know, but Sairaorg certainly grew even more cheerful at that.

"I knew I was right about you, Joshua." The bigger, and certainly stronger man clapped a hand on his back, almost making him stumble. "Have you thought about that contract, by the way?" He added as he signaled something to Kuisha, who made a series of wardstones appear on the table. Joshua needed only a skimming look to know that they were exactly what he'd asked for.

"I have," The man admitted, suddenly nervous. Much as he was coming to like the Devils - something that he never would have expected to think - he wasn't about to bet on that for a long term contract. It sounded simple enough when they explained it to him. They got his skills as a magician, particularly his wards, and he got an ally in them. Joshua wasn't sure there wasn't something else going on there though, which was why he was hesitant to just sign the thing.

Then again, he'd been thinking about something as of late.

"Is it really necessary? Why can't we continue making deals like this?" Joshua asked, trying his best to keep the question sounding friendly. No need to accidentally insult the really powerful Devil. At least the look Sairaorg gave him wasn't an angry one. He seemed more confused than anything, really.

"Most Magicians aren't fond of using their magic and knowledge for Devils," The Devil spoke slowly, as if still trying to process something. Joshua was struck by the fact that he was explaining this at all, since it clearly worked against what he was trying to do. "Most of them are envious of our own system magic."

Joshua could only blink at that bit of information.

"Why though?"

"Because humans have many more restrictions in the use of magic. Devils, on the other hand, can make anything they want, since our magic is based on imagination alone," Sairaorg explained.

That revelation floored Joshua for a whole second. That is, until he realized that there was something more going on there. If Devils could really make anything they thought up happen, then there wouldn't be a need for Magicians' magic. Moreover, Sairaorg wouldn't have needed his help at all either.

"But…?" The man tried, asking if the Devil would tell more than that without really doing so. After all, that felt like asking for a weakness, and he didn't think that was a good idea.

"But we spend a lot more energy "filling the blanks" as it were. It's why Devils still use magic circles, albeit, simpler ones. It reduces the toll on our reservers," The "lesson" for lack of a better term continued. "Human Magicians resent us for having a much easier time at it. They take great pleasure at rejecting any of our requests. Thus, why Devils try to formalize any long term arrangement with Magicians."

Once more, Joshua took a moment to process that. It could very well all be a lie and there was a much more valid reason for Humans not to help the Devils. Or, that's what the paranoid corner of his mind told him, at least. He was increasingly more inclined to not listen to that part of his mind though. Sairaorg and Kuisha had been… alright, so far. It was surprising, shocking even, honestly.

Joshua still was reluctant to sign anything, especially a long term contract with Devils.

However…

"Can I be honest with you, Sairaorg?" The man asked then. With a raised eyebrow, the Devil nodded slowly. "I want to trust you, I really do. I can't, however," That got the other man grimacing, but Joshua continued on. "I want to try this long term thing though, so why don't we do that, but without the contract part?"

That made Sairaorg straighten and narrow his eyes. The human could almost see what was going on in his mind. So, he spoke again before the other could.

"I'll make wards for you, as soon as I have the ward circles drawn," Joshua told him. "I don't know if you have to gather the books you give me or if you already have them in a library of your own. Regardless, I'll make them. The ones we agreed for our deal and any other you want me to make. You can pay me whenever you want."

After that came silence, but Joshua expected as much.

With his piece said, he turned back to what he had come here for. Flipping a card between his fingers, he pulled a notebook out of his Storage Spell along with everything that he would need to set up the wards, except the wardstones, since those would be provided by the Devils.

Then, he started setting the array. There were a lot of Detection and Monitoring Wards. It was a relief that he'd made the wards specially weaker, at least at the start, so that they drained less from his magic, especially considering that they were to be city wide wards too. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to set up one of them let alone the amount he was casting then and there.

[Detection Ward has gone up a level.]

[Monitoring Ward has gone up a level.]

'Unsurprising, really,' He thought, feeling the strain even with how weakened the wards were.

"So, which of you will power the wards?"

"Kuisha," Sairaorg replied. A short response, but not curt. Joshua nodded.

To finish the whole thing, he connected the whole array, the biggest he'd created by far, to a Draining Ward. With the complete set ready, he only had one last thing to do. Give control of the wards to the Devils.

"Should I pass control to you?" He asked Sairaorg, who promptly shook his head.

"No, Kuisha will take care of that."

'Odd,' Joshua noted mentally, but quickly pushed that aside. It wasn't his place to ask and he certainly wouldn't after how tense things seemed to be. He'd all but rejected their request for a long term contract, really. What he was offering wasn't good for them, he knew that. After all, he could back away from it at any time, even with what he'd said. He wouldn't, but the Devils didn't know that.

It was odd, being on the other side of the distrust.

Regardless of all that, he did what he had to. Kuisha gave little reaction to the wards suddenly keying to her, except for a frown that slowly deepened. Joshua grew increasingly more nervous as the silence persisted now. The wards weren't fully powered yet, surely they weren't disappointed already, without even letting them reach their full potential…

Ultimately, the woman sighed.

"It'll take time to get used to them. They are more complex than what I'm used to. It will take time to learn to process all the information they give," Kuisha said and Joshua blinked.

'Oh, of course,' He realized, almost smacking himself in the face. He could understand the information alright because he was the one that knew how they worked. Others, however, couldn't do that nearly as easily, he supposed. 'Still, I don't see how I could make that easier for them.'

"I suppose that's to be expected. It just means that the wards are as good as we wanted them to be. Just that we aren't prepared for them," Sairaorg mused, apparently pushing the contract thing aside for the moment.

As he spoke, however, Joshua's mind raced. Was there any way for him to simplify that information intake? Not just for the Devils but for Jeanne too, now that he thought about it. She couldn't always rely on him for the ward information, after all. Then his eyes took in the screen that had merely been pushed aside before and an idea formed in his mind. 'That could work…'

"If I had access to some kind of Illusory Magic," He started, instantly earning back the attention of both Devils. "I could maybe make a display that processes the information for you and gives you a simpler way to understand what they are reading. It would be a simple addition to the array, since it wouldn't really interfere with what the wards do, merely give them another target to send the information to. I should be able to do that without having to set everything up again."

"Hm, that can be arranged," Sairaorg replied, but his tone was nothing like the friendly voice he'd used beforehand. "About those wards you mentioned, I do have an idea of what you could do for us outside of what was already arranged."

Joshua straightened then, despite his weariness. After a long moment of silence, the Devil sighed, as if preparing himself for something bad to happen. It made the human worry about what the request would be.

"Do you have any ward or arrays that could be used for training?" Sairaorg asked and Joshua's eyes narrowed. "And I mean combat training, be it magical, physical and everything in between. They would also need to be placed-"

"Sairaorg," Kuisha interrupted with a warning tone, her expression turning into what Joshua would almost consider concern.

"In our home," The man finished regardless, staring straight at the human. "In the Underworld."

'Figured,' Joshua thought with a grimace. He'd guessed as much once he said "home" but still, hearing the clarification somehow made it worse. 'Hell, he wants me to set up wards in hell…'

There was an easy way out. He could just tell him that he didn't have the kind of wards he wanted, but that would be a lie. Joshua didn't know if the man could tell if he was lying either.

'Sign a contract or go to literal hell with them,' He thought, summarizing his options. After all, Joshua was sure that if he denied this request, his chances of having a good relationship with the Devils would be significantly lower. Which of those was the worst one though?

He didn't know what signing a contract would force him to do, after all. He could try to read and edit the contract if he thought there was something that could be used against him, of course. However, he wasn't confident enough to think he could outsmart a Devil of all things in such a thing.

On the other hand, going to hell could be just as bad, he supposed. 'At least this wouldn't drag Jeanne with me, would it?' He mused. After all, a contract could force him to do God knows what, which could include Jeanne and his familiars. Going to hell though, would only put Joshua himself in danger…

His blue eyes met Cheshire's amber ones and the feline instantly understood him. Blinking, the cat turned lynx eyed the Devils, who seemed to be paying close attention to Joshua. Still, the magical animal eventually nodded. It wasn't as reassuring as it would have been with anything else, but Joshua would take what he could.

"Sure," He agreed, speaking through the knot that was forming in his throat, threatening to stop him from talking. "I have an array for physical training I could set up."

That earned him a beaming smile from the Devil, which wasn't very reassuring either. It looked like one that came from genuine joy, but Joshua could hardly expect a Devil to be that obvious, right? A glance towards his feline familiar told him that the other man was still in the clear.

"Oh, please, do tell me more," Sairaorg urged him. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Kuisha sigh, although it didn't seem to be entirely out of relief. 'Am I missing something?' Joshua wondered.

"Well, you see. I set up an array with a Weighing Ward that puts just the right weight the one under it needs to develop. It drains magical energy to slowly increase the effect when needed. It's been doing wonders for our own training," Joshua explained. He was still unsure about his decision, but it was a bit late to back down already and talking about his wards was something that he was comfortable with. He welcomed the sensation with open arms, at that very moment.

"Oh," The subdued reception of his ward array wasn't something that he was expecting though, which made Joshua worry. "Does it require the person it is linked to to do anything?"

"Not really? It just needs to suck their magical energy, so as long as they have that, I just have to set everything up," Joshua replied confused. As far as he had read, most beings had magic. He hadn't read anything that would lead to any problem on that side. Was that assumption wrong?

"Oh, that's reassuring. I'll admit that I'm more physically oriented. I've never dabbled too much in magic," Sairaorg said, surprising Joshua in no small measure. A race that seemed to have such an easy time with magic and he went the physical route? That was more than a little shocking, really. It also irked the human, since he had to struggle so much and here was this man dismissing his advantage.

"Well, nothing to worry about there, Sairaorg," Joshua replied instead. After all, it didn't annoy him enough to antagonize the Devils, that was for sure.

'But dammit, I want to smack him,' His mind added.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Not much to say today, really.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Which spells of Neutral Magic can you think of that you would have taken instead of Joshua's choices?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 368 others
Adrian King
Jul 3, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24 - I Bring You Hell
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#122
I Bring You Hell

"This isn't what I had expected the Underworld to look like," Joshua mumbled as he walked through the state Sairaorg had said was his. The place looked… exactly like Earth, really. Buildings had a more antique appearance, but they didn't look like something in another world at all. There was, however, a single detail that stood out like a sore thumb.

The sky was purple.

Joshua seemed unable to look away from it for more than a few seconds a time. If not for Cheshire's company, he was sure he might have walked right into a wall or something. It was just so mesmerizing and disturbing at the same time…

The feline, for what felt like the hundredth time, pressed against his leg. It was her way of reminding him that he needed to look where he was going. 'God bless her,' He thought as he adjusted his path to not walk into a lamppost.

Sairaorg and Kuisha seemed mostly amused by his reaction, really. They smiled but otherwise remained silent. Although, if he didn't know better, Joshua would have sworn that the man was excited at the prospect of the wards he'd promised them. 'Then again, didn't he seem a little too eager when asking about that?' Joshua mused to himself.

He remained mostly silent as he was guided through the place though. According to the Devils, they were giving him the scenic route, which he didn't know how to feel about. For one, it was kind of impressive and amazing. For another, he had to spend more time in the Underworld.

He hadn't refused their offer though, mostly because he didn't want to offend them somehow. Part of him was curious anyway. He couldn't deny that, if he was honest.

Joshua noted that Sairaorg seemed to be crazy rich though. First they walked him through a city that apparently was inside Bael's territory. Contrary to how he simply looked over certain cities in the human world, he actually owned that one, and a bunch more if Kuisha was to be believed. Furthermore, the place they were taking him to was a huge mansion, so there was more proof that he was loaded right there.

'Maybe I could get money if I run out of books to ask for?' Joshua wondered as he eyed what seemed to be genuine gold pieces all around. It wasn't like the place shone yellow, but there were gold details everywhere. A quick Appraisal or two told him that they were indeed made of the precious metal.

Granted, he wasn't going to run out of books to ask for in a while. He was done asking for magic books, once he got covered the categories for which he had skills already. However, after that he was going to ask for all and every book he could think of regarding the supernatural world. Information was key, especially for someone that focused so much on wards like he did.

Cheshire rubbed against his leg once more, bringing him to the present.

Joshua wished he could have brought all of them, truly. That would have been a risky move though. Instead, he'd left Nagini and Morag with Jeanne back in the human world. If he didn't come back in 12 hours, they had a plan for what she needed to do and how. The good thing was that they knew which cities were under Sairaorg's territory, so they knew she would have to avoid them.

The girl had been very vocal about how against the plan she was. His new sister wanted nothing to do with leaving him to his fate. Jeanne had wanted to go with him, but he'd shot that idea down immediately. If the Devils wished to do something to them, there'd be little that they could do to stop them.

It was frustrating and scary, but it was what it was.

Jeanne had suggested just not involving themselves with the Devils if they couldn't accept that they wanted to keep some distance. That was a weak argument and she knew it though. They needed a contact on that side of the world. Without it, they'd be stumbling around blindly, waiting for a mistake that would cost them their lives.

Besides, they had built some trust with the Devils, bad as it sounded when said out loud. The voices were hesitant to admit it, but they approved. Cheshire had never found anything to warn them about. They didn't have reasons to doubt, besides the fact that they were Devils. A good enough argument, if anyone asked Joshua, but it started losing its strength against everything else.

That and nothing had happened so far, so he thought he could say he was somewhat safe so far.

'So, this is Sairaorg's peerage, huh?' The human amongst Devils thought as he looked at the group gathering in the middle of a massive training place. There were weights off to the side, obstacle courses and much more, all with an empty space in the middle that he guessed was used for spars.

Joshua had received a crash course of what a peerage was and how it worked. It was simple enough, he supposed, even if it was a little unbelievable, even by supernatural standards. He'd decided to roll with it though, something that he was learning would be a useful skill in the world he lived in now.

Devils and other races could be reincarnated as Devils with magical chess pieces. Each piece having a particular effect related to it that was given to anyone in which it was used. Everyone answered to the King and if they didn't, they were labeled Strays. In turn, the King provided for them, although that was a loose thing. Apparently, it could just as well end up with a slavery kind of setting.

Disturbing, but at least for once the Devils fit his mental image of them.

Fortunately, neither Sairaorg nor Kuisha had asked him to join their peerages. As a matter of fact, he didn't know if the latter had one at all. There had been no mentions of that so far. 'Maybe if you are in a peerage you can't have one yourself?' He mused.

"Let's get this over with, yeah?" Joshua asked after he was introduced to everyone. With how weird their names were, he would be hard pressed to remember one of them by the time he was back in the human world.

[}-o-{]​

"How was it?" Jeanne asked once he returned, wringing her hands as she looked him over. Apparently, she didn't find anything wrong with him, because a second later she had engulfed him in a hug. "I was so worried."

"So was I," Joshua replied, awkwardly patting her back. He'd never been one to hug or be hugged much and Jeanne had never done that, now that he thought about it. It wasn't bad though, just… odd, he supposed. "But I'm fine, and everything went smoothly. Too smoothly, I would say, but maybe that's just me being paranoid."

"Hm," The girl hummed, although he was pretty sure she was only half listening. Maybe the hug was to make sure he was real, really him and he was really fine. That would make sense, he supposed.

Meanwhile, Nagini and Morag were also following Jeanne's example. The serpent slithered up his leg and torso onto her rightful place on his shoulders. The spider, meanwhile, got to ride the snake's head until she finally jumped to his hair when Nagini reached her stop.

"So," Jeanne spoke after a long minute. "How did it go?" She asked, trying and failing to sound casual. 'Maybe she's embarrassed?' Joshua wondered before just shrugging that off.

"It went fine. They showed me around, I set up the wards and then I left. It was kind of nice," He summarized. He also meant that last part. The job didn't really require him to interact with anyone besides Sairaorg and Kuisha while they were giving him a tour through their territory and it was kind of easy too, so he'd almost enjoyed himself.

"Sounds like it," She said, although her face and the way she continued looking him up and down expressed something completely different. 'I'm glad you are ok,' they told him. He smiled softly at her as he put a hand on her head and ruffled her hair. She grumbled, but did not otherwise react besides trying to repair the 'damage'.

"Come on," Joshua said, putting an arm around her shoulder and pulling her along. "Let's do something fun, yeah? I don't feel like training right now."

That was a lie, but also not. He really thought he could use a moment to relax. After all, his body still felt tense after his visit to the underworld.

[}-o-{]​

[Sairaorg Bael]

'He just… did it,' He thought, surprised, still staring at the spot where Joshua Davis had disappeared from. He'd not been surprised when the magician had said he didn't want a long term contract.

After all, magicians weren't fond of Devils and they would never agree to a contract unless there was something they could get from it. Something substantial, that is. The fact that Joshua wasn't from any association, and thus wasn't learned on how other races worked was something in favor but also against Sairaorg on that front. After all, normal humans knew one thing about Devils, that they were evil.

Accurate, in some cases, but he liked to think it wasn't his case.

Regardless, Sairaorg was happy. Joshua seemed to actually have been telling the truth. They would, as far as the Devil was concerned, have the same benefits of a contract but without signing anything. Sairaorg would make sure that the human never found a reason to decide to step out of that arrangement. His training arrays were that good and that wasn't even taking into account what other wards and arrays he could already set and what others he might come up with in the future.

As he felt the weight on him slowly increase, Sairaorg looked off to the side, where his peerage was training.

'He said he's planning to improve the array in the future,' The Devil thought, a grin spreading on his face. 'Yes, this arrangement is good.'

Not perfect, but good.

Just this one array would help Sairaorg's peerage reach new heights, but if Joshua could improve it? Come up with some new arrays? Then the Devil was sure he had found gold. Furthermore, Joshua was a magician himself, so he was likely to find a way to train himself and thus, giving Sairaorg's more magic oriented servants a way to improve themselves. That was something that the Bael couldn't help his peerage much with, since he wasn't well versed in magic. It was something that had never come easy to him, despite his species' innate advantages.

"So," Kuisha started from beside him, a sly grin on her face. "What are you going to give him for this?"

That was a good question. Joshua obviously didn't realize what he had given him. Or he did, but he still thought Devils were evil and didn't expect much for this service he'd done for them. Regardless, Sairaorg had no intentions of underpaying. He would make sure that Joshua had good reason to provide his services as he'd been doing so far, which was splendidly.

Now what to give him for this. Joshua seemed to want for nothing but knowledge. However, books were something that he would have no small supply of if he continued working with Sairaorg. Thus, it felt a bit lackluster to use more books as payment for the training arrays.

Maybe he could find something to help him in more physical fights. Joshua seemed to be in shape, so that meant he could fight without his magic. An interesting fact, but right then it meant that Sairaorg could approach things from another side regarding things.

"I'll think of something," Sairaorg replied to his Queen, with several ideas already running through his mind.

[}-o-{]​

Excitedly, Joshua used the Storage Spell without a circle for the first time. It was a tiring thing, but nothing he wasn't used to already. With the bright magic construct shining in front of him, the man proceeded to throw a knife straight into it.

'Ok then, Project Gate is a go,' Joshua thought to himself with a wide grin as the circle disappeared with a dimming light. Sighing and cracking his neck, he turned towards the rest of his little family.

Jeanne was facing two of her training dummies on one side of the clearing near the Hunter's House. She'd started training dual wielding, which Joshua agreed was a pretty good idea. It let her have two swords to better utilize their different effects. Thus, every so often, the girl would let the swords on her hands break apart and create another.

'She's doing better and better,' Joshua thought with a wry smile. 'No wonder she's a rank over me,' He added in his mind with a shake of his head. The girl improved at a frightening pace. She'd leave him behind if he let his guard down, or even without that. Evidently, she was a very talented individual, something Joshua was not. If not for the Game System, he was sure she'd have already surpassed him.

He pushed that thought aside for the moment. He could use that if he needed motivation, but for the moment what he needed was to rest a bit. Joshua refocused on his familiars.

All of them had been progressing well enough. Their stats didn't grow much, but that was hardly a surprise. Letter ranks evidently encompassed a bigger difference than numbers did, he was sure. If that wasn't enough proof on its own, then the fact that their skills were developing well enough certainly was.

It didn't feel like it was enough, not to him, but it was progress.

'Why is this world so goddamn dangerous?' He wondered with a grimace as he went back to the house and sat on the steps, looking towards the training group. The more Joshua read, the more things that could kill him he found. It was both frightening and annoying.

The good thing was that he had time, for the moment. He could dedicate himself to training and eventually he'd get somewhere. He doubted he could get into the big leagues with Longinus Sacred Gears, gods and several equally as terrifyingly powerful beings, but at least he should be able to eventually reach a somewhat secure position for himself. That, coupled with his wards should be enough to get him a safe life.

He hoped, at least.

'For now though,' Joshua thought, shaking his head. 'Better to focus on my job as it were,' He told himself.

Said 'job' being the warding of Sairaorg's territory. That would not only get him more magic to make himself stronger, but it would also quite possibly give him access to even more information. Joshua dutifully pushed away the little voice in his head that told him the Devils could back on their side of the deal.

Interestingly though, his focus while preparing to do his part wasn't anything actually related to warding. Instead, it was on one of the latest additions to his library courtesy of Sairaorg. 'A World of Illusion,' He read as he looked at the cover of the book he'd been studying as of late.

[Illusion Magic – Lvl 2/100

Determines the user's ability to utilize Illusion Magic.

Increases magic efficiency while utilizing Illusion Magic by 3%.

Illusion Spells: 3]

The screen for his newest skill looked somewhat impressive, despite its low level. After all, he had three spells already, which was more than he could say about his Healing and Spatial magic. However, that was a big fat lie as far as he was aware.

After all, all three skills did basically the same thing and he only needed one of them really. Basic Mirage, Minor Mirage and Intermediate Mirage, those were the names of the spells he knew of that magic branch. Funnily enough, the ones he saw himself using the most were the first two, which were the weakest. They required a lot less magic to be cast, which was always a plus in his mind, and a little illusion here and there was enough to mess with anyone. No need for anything too grand, really.

It also helped that the Minor Mirage was the one that had been the whole reason for his delving into that magic. It was what he needed to add to the ward arrays for Sairaorg and his people so that they could have an easier time reading the information that said wards provided. His plan was, somewhat in honor to his best ability, to make an illusion appear in front of the one the arrays were linked to when they asked for it, showing them a map-like illusion with shapes and colors used to signal what the wards were perceiving.

The Devils had also communicated an interest in setting up a variant of it somewhere in their base of operation. Have a room in which they would all have access to such illusions so more than one person could keep an eye on how things were looking like on their territory. Joshua had some doubts about how feasible that was, but he'd try and that seemed to be enough for the Devils, thankfully.

'I'll need to run all this by Jeanne before I really go into this though,' He mused as he took some notes. 'She's the one that doesn't get the wards, so she'd be a nice beta tester for the design.'

Joshua sighed then, letting his shoulders drop a bit, pushing aside the books and notebooks around him. Then, he settled on just looking at everyone else doing their best. He'd found himself more and more tired as time passed, which he guessed made sense. No matter how much he enjoyed certain parts of his training, the fact was that it was still tiring.

'Ok, one last thing and then we can take a break, I think,' Joshua decided as he stood up. Somewhat rested, he felt ready to go through the part of Project Gate.

Raising his hand, he willed the magic in his body to move. The gray circle appeared in front of his fingers and then the dagger appeared… And fell to the ground. Joshua blinked at it for a moment before sighing.

'So, objects lose momentum when thrown inside the Storage Spell… No Gate of Babylon for me, I guess…' Disappointing, but not overly so. It would have been nice, of course, but it probably wouldn't have been a game changer.

Shrugging, he decided to push that project to the side.

'Maybe Jeanne and I can go and have some fun in the city again…' He mused before grimacing. 'Just gotta stay away from the clothes shops.'

[}-o-{]​

"Well, I can guarantee you that this set of wards is better than the last," Joshua said as he finished setting up the new array. The Devils had said they were fine waiting for a new array to be set to test the illusion addition. They seemed to want to have as much of their territory covered in wards as possible which was… fair.

Back to his claim though. It was legitimate, actually, Joshua thought with a slight grin. After all, his skills around warding had all gone up already, so the wards should be better, that was for sure. He'd done some testing for the illusion with Jeanne and she'd seemed to take to it well enough.

The only problem was that the display he'd made for the Devils would be more complicated than those, since there were a lot of things to be detected. Still, he thought he'd done a pretty good job at making everything look different and not having too much overlap. In case there was overlap though, he'd made it so that the display would show only priority targets.

"Hm," Kuisha said as she looked at the illusion floating in front of her. Sairaorg, for his part, looked curiously over her shoulder. Eventually, the woman sighed. "It's a good thing that you gave us those notes detailing this. We'll have to see how comprehensive this is compared to just having it linked to me or anyone else and if we want to make any changes."

"For now, I'll have all my peerage look at it," Sairaorg said then with a nod. "If you can make a display that could be accessed by anyone at our place, that would be great. I don't want Kuisha to be overwhelmed with this over her other duties."

"It should be possible. I might need to use a wardstone to link everything together, but I think I can work that out," Joshua said, feeling slightly giddy. After all, it would be the first time he'd use a wardstone for something other than… well, wards.

That had been something he'd found early on. Despite their names, wardstones could be used for a variety of stuff. They were, after all, magical stones, and that was it. They could be used for lots of things, from, obviously, wards, to enchanting items if they were embedded in them. There were lots of options and Joshua was eager to try and see if he could make them work for something else.

Maybe he'd get a book about smithing and make some magical items of his own.

'Then again, that'd be a bit of a waste, with Jeanne here,' Joshua thought with a mental shake of his head. 'Maybe use them for something else. That's for later though, I still have lots to study with what I'm already using.'

"That would be ideal." Sairaorg nodded, unaware of the human's rambling thoughts. "With that out of the way though," The man continued, giving his Queen a nod.

The two humans watched curiously from the side as one of Kuisha's black portals opened and two books fell down. Picking them up after receiving confirmation that he could, Joshua looked at the titles. 'Interacting with Space', He read in the first book. The second, however, gave him pause. 'Corrupting Relics.'

"You might be interested in that one, I think," Sairaorg said simply, when he sent a questioning look his way. "I hope you aren't too put off by it."

Without saying anything, Joshua opened it and read the start of the introduction to the book.

'The truth is that, contrary to what the Church would say, Demonic Artifacts are stronger than Holy ones,' It started and Joshua could already see where this was going. 'It is equally true that they are also more dangerous to utilize, however. Demonic Artifacts can have a variety of side-effects associated with them, from eating at the user's life force to inducing madness and everything in between.'

He closed it then and met Sairaorgs curious gaze with an empty stare.

"I'll read it," Was all he said. He didn't know how to take this added payment. Was this supposed to mean anything? Was Sairaorg telling him that he could get him this… Demonic Artifacts? It was probably that, but what was that supposed to mean? Was there any ulterior motives to that? He sighed. He'd just have to read the book and see what he found, he supposed.

"Joshua," Kuisha called, her eyes still roaming over the illusion map. "A group of… well, something entered quite suddenly in our territory and nobody has informed us of such a thing, as far as I'm aware."

"We don't know about anyone coming in around now, let alone a group." Sairaorg confirmed, expression turning serious.

"If you could quickly tell me what white, shining dots mean?" The Queen asked then.

Joshua felt himself pale dramatically, something everyone obviously picked up on. Both Devils tensed while Jeanne looked suddenly wary. Cheshire was the only one unaffected, really, since Nagini had stiffened and Morag had stilled on her movements in his hair.

"That means Holy energies are involved," He explained in the end, cursing the timing of these people. Why couldn't they have come when he wasn't around? The last thing he wanted was to be involved between Devils and whoever these people were.

Both Sairaorg and Kuisha frowned at that. For a long moment, neither said anything and the humans kept their mouths shut. Eventually, the silence was broken.

"Joshua, I have a favor to ask of you," Sairaorg started and Joshua cursed internally.

'Of course, why the hell not, right?'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, well, well… I quite liked writing this chapter. And I'm kind of, but not really, looking forward to the next ones. They should have more plot advancement, which is great but always makes me nervous. I'm much more comfortable writing training and slice of life, as everyone must have noticed.

Regardless, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Who do you think these people that came into Sairaorg's territory are?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 365 others
Adrian King
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 25 - Surrounded By Light New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#124
Surrounded By Light

"Sairaorg, you have no idea how much you'll owe me for this," Joshua ground out, uncaring of the tone he was using with the literal Devil in the room. There was a lot he was willing to do to remain on their good side, but risking himself was just far enough that he started thinking if it was worth it. He'd try what he wanted, but if things went South and something happened, anything. He'd cut all ties with the man.

"I hate doing this, Joshua. Believe me, I do," Sairaorg, for his part, replied, looking like he would have prefered to do literally anything else. "But the Church… if they are from the Church, we can't risk an incident, even if this is our territory and they know it. On the other hand…"

"You can't just let this happen if you know about it," Joshua finished, grimacing. "What are the fucking odds of this happening right after I set up the ward?"

"I imagine they felt the wards being set up and thought to bring attention to themselves," Kuisha said, and the human man could see the logic there… A bit, at least.

"They are moving strangely," Joshua noted, his eyes moving back to the glowing dots on the illusionary map. "There's definitely something going on there… Jeanne-"

"I'm going with you," The girl stubbornly interrupted and he could only sigh. He could see it in her face, her decision was made and nothing would change it.

Thus, Joshua traded a look with his familiars, except Morag, that is, since she was in his hair. Cheshire simply moved to his side, while Nagini tightened her hold on his neck. He could feel the spider's agreement with her fellow familiars too.

He sighed again.

"Fine," He muttered through his teeth. "We are doing this."

Both Devils deflated with a sigh of relief.

"Thank you, Joshua," Sairaorg said, sounding like he meant it. "I'll repay you, that I can promise."

"You better," He shot back, twirling a card between his fingers. He wanted to sigh again, honestly, but the repetition was getting annoying too. Instead, he just went for it. A pair of Holy Throwing Knives appeared in his hands. With a flash of light, Jeanne was already holding on two Holy Swords.

Both Devils stiffened again. 'Yeah, I expected that,' Joshua thought to himself as he grimaced. He was revealing a card that he'd kept close to his chest for a long while. It was possibly the worst time to do so, but he wouldn't go into an unknown situation unarmed, even if the other people were the Church. They were supposed to be the good guys, but after interacting for so long with people that were supposed to be bad and having nothing but positive things to say…

Well, it had put some doubts in his mind.

"Kuisha," He said, powering through the tense atmosphere. "If you could drop us nearby? That would be a great help. Just… not too close…"

For a long moment, there was silence. Then, the Queen looked to her King. A silent conversation seemed to go between them, that or Sairaorg just took the time to decide what to do. Eventually the man nodded.

With the approval given, both Jeanne and him were sucked inside the black circles that seemed to be the woman's ability. That was a risk, but he'd been taking an awful lot of those lately, this one seemed almost like a joke, really. He was betting on them doing just as he'd been doing, believing in what little trust they had built between each other.

Evidently, it was the right call, because next thing he knew, they were dropped in an alley somewhere. His Magic Sense immediately picked up on the group that was around the corner. A moment later, he felt the shifting of the energies in them.

There was a fight going on, it seemed. The interesting part was that they were fighting each other. 'So, that's what the strange reading was, huh?' Joshua thought as he tried to decide what to do here. 'Well… if they are gonna distract each other…'

"I'll try to take a look," Joshua told Jeanne, continuing quickly when it became apparent that she was going to complain. "Your swords are too noticeable. My knives can be hidden easily enough though. I'll take a look, but I won't go far, ok?"

Reluctantly, she nodded, looking at her swords like they'd betrayed her.

"Nagini?" He said then. "Think you can sneak in just in case? Should be a lot easier if you aren't hanging from my neck," With that said, the snake gave him a last squish before slithering her way down his body and then moved against a wall and around a corner.

It was fortunate that people were already running for their lives. The conflict had, evidently, earned the attention of the mundane. Enough that they wouldn't be noticed at all. 'Still…' From the card in his hand, he pulled a hooded jacket and a face mask for both, Jeanne and himself.

"Sairaorg has mentioned covering stuff up from the mundane… but this people aren't mundane, I'd rather they not have our identities so easily," He explained as he passed the items to her. His familiars would be a bit of giveaway, he supposed, but they hardly went with him anywhere public, so it should be easy enough. Besides, there were a lot of white and black cats anyway, right?

He grimaced. Things would be a lot easier if he could just use Illusions, but they weren't high level enough that he would trust them to hold against anything remotely serious. He didn't even have a circle prepared for this. 'I have nothing prepared for this, really,' He thought, his eye twitching as he mentally cursed Sairaorg. He was more of a defensive player, damnit!

The guy better pay him well for this madness.

"Ok then… let's do this…" He said to himself, his voice muffled once he had the mask on.

Turning around the corner, his hands gripped the daggers inside the jacket pockets. Sure enough, there was a group of people wearing coats and swinging around light swords. 'They just had to be exorcists, right?' He thought to himself. The good thing was that they were, as he'd noted before, fighting each other. 'A group of Stray Exorcists?' He wondered as he leaned against the wall. He was far enough that nobody should pay attention to him. They had better things to focus on too, he was sure.

Thus, Joshua leaned against the wall, trying to keep his eyes on everything.

"Exorcist fight, apparently," He mumbled against the mask for Jeanne's benefit. She wasn't looking, after all. "Don't know who brought the fight here, but they probably aren't too bright," He added, his annoyance at the whole situation growing by the second. There was something that caught his attention though.

Joshua could follow the fights just fine. After reading about exorcists training their whole lives to reach the peak of humanity in order to fight "evil", the man had expected… more. Maybe he was just looking at the low-level exorcists or something, but it was still a bit disappointing. He was pretty sure that Jeanne and himself could easily take these people.

Maybe some people could make the excuse that he couldn't be considered a normal human. After all, he had the game, didn't he? However, what about Jeanne? 'The voices?' Joshua wondered as he continued analyzing the exorcists. 'Is there more to them than just some help and a 'second opinion' as it were?' That idea wasn't the weirdest thing in the world, he guessed.

Then he paused. His spam of Appraisal had finally stumbled onto something of note.

[Excalibur Destruction

Rank - ?]

'Fucking Excalibur?!' Joshua exclaimed in his mind, his body tensing as his eyes went wide. 'No, wait… Excalibur Destruction… What's up with that?' He wondered, looking at the woman - girl, more like - that wielded the weapon. She had blue hair with a green fringe on the front. She was also dressed differently from everyone else. Bafflingly enough, she was wearing what seemed to be a skintight black leotard under a white cloak.

Joshua quickly realized that she wasn't the only one.

[Excalibur Mimic

Rank - ?]

'What the fuck?' He asked himself as he looked at the brown-haired girl with twintails. The only silver lining there was hoping that the 'Mimic' part of the name meant it was an imitation or something.

He guessed it made sense, that those two stood out. They were the only people that were Rank C. 'Xenovia Quarta and Irina Shidou,' He noted mentally, taking a second look at their screens. They were also some of the best fighters there were at the moment. 'Those names…' He started, before shaking his head. 'It's probably nothing.'

His eye twitched.

It didn't feel like it was nothing.

However, Joshua didn't have time to ponder that. Things were developing. The side that didn't have Excaliburs was, as expected, losing but much slower than one would expect. He noticed something though. A man and a woman were fighting somewhere in the middle of it all, and both of them seemed to be ordering around each side.

[Freed Sellzen

Rank - C]

[Griselda Quarta

Rank - ?]

Now, that was an interesting sight, seeing an exorcist fighting a nun. 'Quarta, huh?' He noted quickly. She looked nothing like Xenovia, but then again… Blinking, Joshua turned around the corner for a bit.

[Jeanne Davis

Rank - C]

'Huh, good to know.'

"I'm waiting to see if there's a side we can take in this mess," Joshua told her, before turning around. "At least we can confirm that they aren't here to create trouble for Sairaorg, I'm pretty sure," He added with a frown. 'Then why did they come here to fight themselves? That's just asking for trouble.'

'And why is Quarta losing?' Now that was an interesting question. She was obviously higher rank than Sellzen, considering that Joshua couldn't see her rank. So, why was it that the man was the one that was pushing her back.

Staring at the woman as the fight went on told him the reason. It seemed to trigger something in Appraisal too, he noted, as the 25% chance of revealing weakness activated even though it hadn't the first time. The important part there wasn't that though. It was that Quarta had several weaknesses showing.

'She's injured,' Joshua noted with a click of his tone. Scanning the battlefield again, he saw many of the exorcists ganging up on both of the girls that were carrying Excaliburs. 'That side's going to lose,' He realized. He was surprised, but also, not very much. The winning side didn't have quality, but they had numbers over the others and it showed. 'That and there's probably more here that happened before we arrived,' Joshua thought, taking a deep breath in.

'What to do though?'

That was a good question too. Sairaorg had asked them to make sure that these people weren't trying to bring trouble to him. They weren't worried about a fight breaking out, the Bael was sure he could take them. What he wasn't so sure about were the political issues that might bring for him though.

How that worked, Joshua didn't know, but that didn't seem like the time to ponder on that.

'Maybe we can just go,' He mused. 'Let them be, get Cheshire to bring Nagini back and go on our way… On the other hand, they came here to get Sairaorg's attention… Something is going on.'

"Why are you fighting us, Griselda?" Sellzen asked, loud enough that even Joshua could hear him, the name exclaimed like it was an insult. "The Devil's surely have noted our sudden visit and you still prefer to fight us instead of them?"

"This has nothing to do with the Devils, Sellzen, and you know it," The woman replied imperiously, standing straight as if her body wasn't littered with wounds. "This is about bringing you to justice, and I'll do that."

'Huh? So, Sellzen and the others are Strays then?' Joshua noted, the gears in his mind turning as he adjusted his view of the situation. Maybe he really could get away from the whole thing and forget about it. After all, this was unrelated to Sairaorg and his people… If only Sellzen wasn't on the winning side though… 'What does it matter? I don't know these people.'

Then, Joshua internally cursed Appraisal. He now knew these people on some level. He could relate to Griselda there, he could see Jeanne in Xenovia's place. He knew they were actual people instead of nameless strangers. He almost told himself that they would be fine, but it was such a lie that he couldn't even manage the full thought.

'Fucking… Fine,' He grumbled when Griselda barely parried an attack. Action that had her immediately on her back foot. It was now or never. This was an opening Sellzen could use to kill all of them or something along those lines.

"Jeanne," Joshua said, forcing the words through his mouth. He barely received a sound of acknowledgement before he started speaking again. "We are going in. They have guns, so have a defensive sword with you at all times," He suggested.

"Right," Jeanne replied and he was surprised that she didn't sound that scared. "The voices were whispering about getting involved," She added then, momentarily hesitant.

"Well, it's good to know I have back up in this decision," Joshua said with a deep breath in. It was somewhat reassuring to know that the voices agreed with him. "Let me do the entrance and then we rush in, yeah?"

"Ok."

"... Actually," He paused and turned to the side and to the ground. "Cheshire," He started, speaking to the cat that was almost rubbing against his leg. "Care to do the entrance? I need you to distract the white haired guy. Just for a moment before I join."

In the blink of an eye, the cat gave out a dim pale blue glow. Then, she ran down the street the exorcists were fighting. Steeling his resolve, Joshua followed. He took a card from his pocket and put it behind his right ear.

"What the fuck?!" Sellzen exclaimed as a white and black blur jumped to his face. Just before he could completely incapacitate Quarta too. 'Good, no hostage situations here, please and thank you,' Joshua thought before pulling back his arm and- "Fuck!" The man shouted when a knife embedded itself in his leg. 'I was aiming a little lower than that though,' Joshua thought, clicking his tongue.

Ignoring that, he pulled his hand up to the card on his ear and pulled another knife from the Storage Spell drawn on it. 'Just like target practice,' He told himself before he started throwing knives everywhere.

"They have back up!" Someone shouted from the side, but he was of no concern to Joshua. He was more focused on protecting Griselda. The rest of the fight seemed to be even enough that he could push that to the side. However, if their leader fell, then that side would come down crashing pretty quick.

"Agh!"

Thus, he threw his knives at anyone that tried to approach the woman. Maybe one or two of them were her allies, but since everyone was dressed the same, he thought he could be excused for that. Joshua almost smirked when he heard someone shout something about a snake from one side.

"Help Nagini, Cheshire!" He ordered once he was close enough to Griselda that he didn't need the feline to jump in anyone's faces. His familiar seemed to have decided the lynx form suited the situation much more. He didn't know how accurate that was, since she was a bigger target that way, but he'd leave it to her discretion. He had other things to keep in mind as it was.

"Who the fuck are you, little shits?!" Sellzen exclaimed as he went to shoot Joshua with his gun. He'd brought up a Magic Shield just as fast though. After that one try, he was already too close for the exorcist to try again, having to bring up his Light Sword instead.

"Just people passing by," Joshua ground out as he started fighting the man. His face grew strained quickly though. The man was much better than the dummies he used to train, that was for sure. He was used to fighting more people though, so that might have compensated a little because he was pretty sure he could hold his ground.

In a purely physical fight, that is.

Circles started appearing around him, shooting energy towards the exorcist, who could barely dodge or block them with his sword. He'd have gone for a Rope but that was much harder to hit a moving target with. Still, the addition of magic was enough for him to start pushing the man back.

"This is none of your busine-!" Started someone from Joshua's side, only to be interrupted. He only needed to see the sword that interrupted his attack to know that Jeanne now had his back. 'Good, this guy is enough to keep me busy. I don't need others interrupting.'

"Morag… You are last line of defense, go with that woman that's recovering next to us. Keep her as safe as you can," He mumbled through his teeth as he continued his assault on Sellzen. Obviously, he received no response from the spider, but soon enough he started feeling her creeping her way down to a jumpable distance.

"Talking to yourself? That's not a good sign, you know?" Sellzen mocked but Joshua ignored him. It wasn't particularly difficult since the insult held no truth behind it… at least with what he was talking about. He would have actually laughed on the Stray's face, really.

Instead, he strained himself a little to make a circle appear a little further away from himself. Joshua felt the magic being drained considerably more than usual, but it was worth it. The spell was cast from behind Sellzen and even if he had a sensing ability like Joshua, he was too preoccupied with the man himself to dodge that attack.

"Miss, don't you dare," He heard Jeanne hiss and had to resist the urge to turn and see what was going on.

Joshua would have turned to see what was going on, but there was no way he was taking his eyes off Sellzen. The man was supposed to be higher ranked than him, after all. He would give him zero chances. His magic reserves were being drained by the second too and he had no delusions that he could defeat this man without magic.

He heard Jeanne speaking with someone behind him as he continued his assault. Sellzen, meanwhile, cursed out loud everytime he managed to get through to him and every time his own attacks failed. Joshua himself kept silent, gritting his teeth as he tried to finish the fight before his energy ran out.

His daggers blocked the light sword then, crossing each other as they held the bigger blade over him. Sellzen wasn't just a swordsman though, and he decided to prove it when he pulled a hand away and pulled his gun. The shot was stopped by a barrier though, and Joshua decided to take advantage of the weakened grip on the exorcist's sword.

Twisting both his arms, and with them the daggers, he forced the man's weapon away from him. When Sellzen stepped back to try and get away a little, maybe to get another weapon from his allies, Joshua threw a knife straight into his shoulder. 'Well, can't fail from this distance, right?' He thought with a smirk, pleased that at least he's aim had held true this time.

Getting to the man in a second, Joshua wasted exactly zero seconds before kicking the man's head, knocking him out. 'I'm not gonna risk it,' He thought as he brought his arm up and pulled another dagger from his Storage Spell. 'That was the last one in that card, I think,' He noted as he assessed the situation on the street again.

Nagini and Cheshire seemed to be doing fine. There were several bodies on the ground already. He guessed that it was either the snake's Wrap or Disable, since he'd looked up Black Mamba venom's effect and it should take longer to make someone drop like that. Well, they could be victims of the cat too, he supposed, but she seemed to have taken the distraction role this time.

Behind him, Jeanne stood next to Griselda, who seemed to have recovered already. 'Healing Gratitude?' He wondered and indeed, Jeanne seemed to be holding that sword on one of her hands and healing everyone that came close to her. Joshua was very grateful to see a Shield Sword in her other hand, a sword that basically let her create barriers not unlike his Magic Shields.

The general fight seemed to have turned back in their favor. Unsurprising, since despite the number difference Griselda's side seemed to have the better fighters. Still, with how she'd almost been taken out, Joshua wasn't sure what the outcome would have been if he'd stayed out of it.

"You will-" Was as far as another Stray Exorcist got before he parried his light sword and smacked him with the pommel of his dagger, knocking him out. 'There's still people around,' Joshua noted, replacing the card behind his ear for another that was also full of daggers. 'Let's finish this up, yeah?'

From there, he was more annoyed than anything else. Fighting wasn't for him, he realized. Even when he was on the winning side and the battles were easy he just… didn't like them as much as he thought he would. He'd much prefer to be at home, training, studying, tinkering, relaxing or literally anything else.

Thankfully, the fight was over soon enough.

"That's the last one," Jeanne said, having already moved to Joshua's side. Nagini and Morag had returned to their rightful places on his shoulders and hair respectively and Cheshire remained in her lynx form at his feet.

"Indeed," He replied, eyes locked on Griselda's group of exorcists. The fact that she was the leader evident once more when she was the one that remained in front of them all as they regarded the two of them. Would they turn hostile now that they had what they got? The fact that they were from the Church was supposed to be reassuring, but really, he knew very well that was hardly enough. Call him paranoid, but he'd heard enough history from the Church to know that they might not be as good as they'd like to present themselves as.

"I'm Griselda Quarta," The woman introduced herself as she stepped towards them. Joshua, taking a deep breath in, stepped forward to take the hand she offered them. "I wanted to thank you too for your assistance."

"There's no need for that," He waved off then, pointedly not introducing himself. He was wearing a mask and a hood for a reason, after all.

"There is," She insisted before sighing. "This is Devil territory and we felt wards being activated. If the fight had dragged on, who knows what would have happened?" She said. 'Or what would have happened if you lost,' He added to himself.

Joshua took a moment of wonder if it would be a good idea to reveal that he was sent by Sairaorg. He didn't know what the Devils and the Church's relationship was like. Evidently, they weren't as on each other's throats as he'd expected, since Sairaorg hadn't run straight to them to kill them all. Still, from how the Bael King had asked him to act on his part… He had doubts.

"Exactly what happened today," Joshua heard someone say.

'Speak of the Devil,' He thought to himself as he turned around slightly, not letting the exorcists out of his sight. 'Or, think, in this case.'

There stood Sairaorg, with his entire peerage behind him.

"You did well," The Devil said, this time towards Joshua, who was grateful the man seemed to have decided to go along with his wish to hide his identity. "We'll take it from here. Once more, thank you for your services."

"Don't mention it," Joshua waved off. "If we could get a lift to our place, please?" He really wanted to just go back home. Fortunately, that's exactly what he got, as a black circle materialized at his feet.

Trouble was over.

For the moment.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Welp, that happened.

So, first things first. I think this actually had a chance of happening in canon. Without Joshua and maybe somewhere else, but this event seems possible in my head. Why? Because Xenovia knew about Freed in canon, and it always struck me as odd that she'd know a random Stray Exorcist, so I think there might have been something that happened there. Which I think it's interesting, but might just be useless rambling on my part.

I have some doubts here and there, but they are minor things. Overall, I'm happy with this chapter.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Don't know if I've asked this already, but which of the Excalibur fragments would you prefer (except Ruler because that shit's broken)? I think I'd like Rapidly or Nightmare.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 368 others
Adrian King
Jul 4, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 26 - Sets New Heights, Beyond My Reach New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#130
Sets New Heights, Beyond My Reach

"Thank God that's over with," Jeanne grumbled as she sat at the table and Joshua mimicked her, agreeing completely with the sentiment. His hands trembled and his breathing was still accelerated. He might have been taken from the fight but the fight hadn't been taken from him, evidently.

"Everyone is ok, right?" He asked, looking around, fidgeting with his fingers as his foot bounced on the floor. All his familiars looked fine, Cheshire was licking herself clean, Nagini simply tilted her head questioningly, as if daring him to tell her she was anything but. Morag raised one of her legs as if waving at him to tell him she was ok.

"That woman almost stomped on Morag," Jeanne informed him and Joshua felt his hands clenched into fists. He made a mental note to have a talk with Griselda next time he saw her.

"You ok, girl?" He asked the spider as he picked her up in his hand. The arachnid pushed her body down against his hand and he was pretty sure that was her version of nuzzling. "I'm glad-"

[Quest Complete: A Favor for a Devil

Rewards:

+ 2 Levels to all Stats

+ 2 Levels to all Bonds

+ 2 Levels to Dagger Mastery

+ 2 Levels to Neutral Magic

+ New Perk: Demonic Element]

'It's really unnerving to see that,' Joshua thought as he took in the screen. Particularly the bottom part, where the blue square seemed to get corrupted by black and red covering the last line of text. 'What's Demonic Element though? If Sairaorg was planning to do what I thought, then why…'

For a split second, he wondered if the Devil had lied to him. It wouldn't surprise him as much as it would disappoint him. Joshua wanted to believe his trust in the other man was more developed than that, but then again… 'Maybe I should check first, right?' He thought to himself wryly.

[Demonic Element

Allows the use of Demonic Artifacts with reduced side-effects.]

It was just as 'corrupted' looking as the Quest screen had been, which was expected, he supposed. 'Reduced side-effects, huh?' He noted, wanting to check the book he'd been given more and more. It was nice to have some information from the Game, at least. That way there was something to check the book's information against. 'Maybe there'll be a mention of this in the book?'

'If Sairaorg was getting at what I think he was with that book, this will come handy in the future,' Joshua mused.

"Josh?" Jeanne called, snapping him from his thoughts. Blinking, he turned towards her to see the teenager giving him a concerned look. "How about I prepare some tea, yeah?" She offered as she went to stand down.

"Sorry," He apologized instantly. "I'm still a little out of it, I think. How are you?"

"I'm… calm," She mumbled, sitting back down on her chair. "I shouldn't be, but I am… The voices say that I'm a born warrior, whatever that's supposed to be." Joshua was inclined to believe that. It would explain how the girl took so well to their combat training, at least. "I… I really don't know what to think about that."

"Well, considering what we know about this world," Joshua mused, trying to keep himself calm as the adrenaline gradually stopped coursing through his veins. "I think that's good. It'll help you survive, if nothing else."

"You are calm too… are you like me, then?" Jeanne asked, tilting her head forward so that her hair hid a good part of her face from him. He could clearly see her wringing her hands though.

"I guess I am?" He replied hesitantly, more like a question than a statement. He didn't think he was a born warrior or whatever the voices had told Jeanne. He'd never been one for fights. He'd prepared for them though, after his encounter with the Hunter and later Khaos Brigade, he'd had to. Then again, he'd adapted a little too quickly, hadn't he?

"The voices say you are…" Jeanne started, trailing off for a moment before her eyes focused once more. "And that you seem to be a leader too."

"Huh… Guess I could be seen like that," Joshua mumbled. He didn't see himself that way though. He'd never been a social person at all, let alone someone with the charisma to be a leader. Then again, things had changed a lot since he'd woken up in that hotel.

"They say you'll see it too, eventually," Jeanne told him with a slight smile.

"Maybe," He replied as his hand moved to the side, coming to lay on top of Cheshire's head. He grinned, relaxing even more, as Nagini started slithering her way up his body as she usually did. Like always, it was comforting to count with the presence of his familiars. Especially in that moment, he'd admit. "I'll go prepare that tea myself. You stay here. I could use the distraction," Joshua decided as he stood up. "Keep Jeanne company, yeah?" He added towards Cheshire, who meowed her affirmation.

"Sometimes it feels like we live here," Jeanne commented to no one in particular as he walked, making him freeze midway towards the kitchen. They were in the Hunter's House, since that's where Kuisha had sent them. Joshua was sure the Devils knew where he lived, but they respected his desire to leave their actual home alone, which he was grateful for.

What his adopted sister said was true though. They spent so much time in that house, between training and dealing with the Devils, that what Jeanne said made sense. He'd tried to avoid just that, but he supposed he'd failed.

He snorted to himself as he went about preparing two cups of tea. Things changed a lot, as usual. He'd gone from being unable to be inside the house without shaking, to grudgingly coming over and now comfortably moving around as if it were his own place. 'Humans are adaptable creatures,' He thought, pretty sure that was a quote or something.

'Live here, huh?' He mused as he moved back to the table and set a cup in front of Jeanne. 'Now there's a thought I wouldn't have expected to have,' He added with a slight grin.

[}-o-{]​

[Sairaorg Bael]

If he thought he owed Joshua something from the training ward arrays, then he owed three times that for the help with the Exorcists. He couldn't imagine how incredibly more complicated things would have been if he'd have to get involved in that mess. One thing was approaching the group once the battle had ended and the Strays were dealt with. It would have been something else entirely to intervene in the fight.

His peerage and himself would have become targets purely because of what they were. Not that he could fault the exorcists. He'd react badly too if he was fighting a Stray Devil and suddenly an exorcist interfered out of nowhere.

Point was, having a human, especially one with Holy Weapons, appear in the middle of a fight was much better than having a Devil group do so. Sairaorg was still surprised by the reveal of his associate's choice of weaponry, but he could hardly blame them for hiding that. Joshua and his little group had proved themselves worthy of a modicum of trust, something that had taken time from both groups to build. If they could look past his race, he could look past their weapons, especially since it seemed they were linked to some kind of Sacred Gear of Jeanne's.

Regardless of reasons, Sairaorg was glad that Joshua had agreed to his request and even more so that the man had played along and acted as someone that worked for him. It was more or less how their relationship worked, but it was still very nice of him to do so in front of others, especially the Church. The Devil was certain that things wouldn't have gone nearly as smoothly as they had if the human hadn't been involved before himself, even after the conflict had ended.

Griselda Quarta was also a breath of fresh air for Sairaorg. He'd had to deal with the Church before and it hadn't been nearly as… nice wasn't the word he was looking for, but it was close enough. At least there hadn't been any threats of death for him or his peerage… from Griselda herself. Xenovia, the carrier of one of the Excalibur fragments was much less agreeable, but thankfully it wasn't her the one calling the shots on the exorcist side. Thank the Satans for small mercies.

Sairaorg was more than happy to have the entire incident forgotten after a short talk in which he let the exorcist go with their strays. He probably could have pushed for things but, honestly, he just wanted to be done with that and go back to his things. Training, mainly.

That reminded him…

'I wonder if Joshua is even interested in Demonic Artifacts though,' Sairaorg mused as his mind focused back on his original plan for repayment. 'Maybe a Holy one? That'd be hard to get my hands on,' He continued thinking.

Contrary to what some might think, Devils did have Holy Artifacts in their possession. They didn't use them, for obvious reasons, but they owned them, either as spoils from the Great War, from deals or from some other means. Still, it didn't mean Sairaorg had one though and it would be quite difficult to get his hands on one…

'Maybe something else?' He mused, a new idea forming in his head. Yes, that could work. He'd have to talk with the man himself to get his opinion though. Last thing Sairaorg wanted was to unknowingly insult him.

[}-o-{]​

[Griselda Quarta]

That had been close. Too close, really.

Of all places, Sellzen just had to take them into Bael territory. Even if the Devil that watched over the land was the previously shunned heir of the Great King. The Devils would have loved an excuse to get their claws on her people, regardless of what or who it came from.

However, she was surprised, because of two things.

First, that the Bael heir had simply nodded along with her requests and let her go just like that. She'd half expected some demands, but it seemed the Devil wanted them gone as much as they wanted to leave. Strange as it was, she realized that they were in the same boat regarding the entire situation.

It was a strange world, the one she lived in.

The second surprise had been the Devil's associates. People that wielded Holy weapons working for Devils was a rarity. Not unheard of, of course, but certainly not something that one came across often. It only added to the bizarre circumstances that the pair and their pets had helped her people.

Not to mention that a spider had apparently been guarding her when she'd been a breath away from being defeated and probably taken hostage. Although, her people seemed more disturbed by the snake for several reasons. Understandable really.

She sighed, reaffirming her belief that she lived in a strange world.

Then, her eyes moved towards Xenovia. Her ward had always had a bit of a temper, but insulting a Devil in their own territory was something she hadn't expected her to do. She'd have to explain to the girl why that was a bad idea. Griselda's heart had almost stopped beating when she heard the words come out of her mouth. She felt no shame for the sigh in relief she let out when Sairaorg Bael wove the offense off like nothing.

She would grudgingly accept that she owed the Devil now.

Maybe that wasn't such a bad thing, however. Her people would surely want to know more about the Holy Artifact wielders. So, a connection to someone that could contact them was good, even if that someone was a Devil. It wouldn't be the first time the Church interacted with the Devils in a non-aggressive way and it certainly wouldn't be the last.

First, however, she had to give a report of the whole incident and then discipline her ward. The rest would have to be pushed for later.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Really, he should have expected what happened shortly after his run with the Exorcists on Sairaorg's behalf. It hadn't been two days since then when the Devils had sent a notice that they would visit the Hunter's House that day. They didn't stay for long, and didn't have much to discuss either, but they did drop by and leave a bunch of books.

Taking a passing glance through them, Joshua realized that they were everything he'd asked for. The tomes held Healing Magic, Spatial Magic and supernatural knowledge, lots and lots of supernatural knowledge. He'd thanked them a lot but the Devil had simply waved him off, saying that it wasn't even an actual reward, since they were the payment for the ward arrays for his other cities in advance. No, it was just a show of goodwill, the reward would come in later.

Then, Sairaorg had proceeded to ask a question that left Joshua blinking.

"Would you be interested in getting another familiar?" The Devil had asked. He'd said yes, of course. He was rather fond of the three he already had, and he found himself interacting with them much easier than with people that weren't Jeanne. It seemed that he hadn't changed that much, really.

Sairaorg had refused to elaborate on his question, simply smiling and telling him that he would arrange something.

Maybe he should be more concerned about that, Joshua supposed, but he wasn't. Despite the entire Exorcist business, his trust in the Devils had remained as it was. It wasn't like they were involved in that whole mess, just that it happened in their territory.

"Josh?" Jeanne called, snapping him from his thoughts. When his eyes found her, he saw the girl looking at him exasperatedly.

"Yeah?" He asked, sheepishly rubbing his neck.

"Just wondering how that goes, but I think you've had enough for now," She said with a shake of her head as she started taking the books from in front of him. He would have complained about that, but Jeanne was careful to mark all the pages he was in and so on. She was getting a lot of practice taking away his stuff when he got a little too into his spell tinkering.

"Fine, ruin my fun, why don't you?" He grumbled, leaning back on his chair. Cheshire took the opening instantly and jumped on his lap, where she was promptly met with a hand that ran its fingers through her fur. "You are on my side, right, girl?"

The feline let out a meow that he was pretty sure was something along the lines of 'stop being stupid'. Thus, Joshua sighed, lamenting the fact that the world was conspiring against him. 'What's so bad about my tinkering? It's not like I have better stuff to do and I like it,' He grumbled in his mind.

"So, Jeanne, I didn't hear any screaming and I don't smell anything burnt. I take it your cooking attempt was a success?" He asked, turning his head towards the kitchen. He'd been teaching the girl for a while now and while she was prone to making mistakes when there were several things to keep track of, otherwise she was… ok.

"I mean… It wasn't great, from what I tried, but it wasn't horrible, at least," She huffed as she sat opposite to him, resting her head on her palm with a pout. Apparently, learning to cook was important to her for some reason.

"You'll get there," Joshua reassured with a small smile. "You are much better than the first time, that's for sure. I mean, there was no risk of the place going up in flames this time, right?"

"Ugh," She groaned, plating her head on the table between her arms. "Stop reminding me!" Jeanne shouted, her muffled voice making him chuckle. "It's not funny!"

"It kind of is though," He shot back. "So, are you gonna tell me why this is such an important thing for you?"

"I just want to learn to cook, is that so strange?" She asked, bringing her head up, pout still in place. "You like cooking and you are good at it too… I want to be able to do the same…" She mumbled, looking away.

"Jeanne, we are already siblings, as far as I'm concerned. Doing the same things isn't gonna make it even more so. I'm pretty sure siblings aren't supposed to do the same stuff," Joshua explained softly with a smile. "But if I'm misunderstanding that, then feel free to keep practicing. I'll help you whenever you want."

"Thanks," She nodded, looking pleased. "So, what are you working on right now?" The girl asked, her expression turning curious.

"Well, I'm working on a card with an Illusion circle," He explained, looking down at Cheshire, who was still very much enjoying his petting. "In case we are in another situation like last week. I want to make a disguise for us that's better than just clothes. Nothing too crazy, just touching our hair and faces a little so we aren't easily recognized. I'll probably add a little voice modifying too, since that would be a dead giveaway too."

"What about the smell?" She asked with a raised eyebrow and he grimaced.

"Well, that would be ideal, but touching that is a little more complicated. I want to get this part done before I get started with that," He explained with a sigh. "Better to have some measures than none, right?"

"Makes sense," She nodded. "And what else?" She prodded again and he grinned wryly. She knew him too well already. He usually worked on several things at the same time, usually bouncing between projects when his mind drifted off the what he was currently doing.

"Well, I'm still trying to get the daggers to shoot themselves out of the Storage Spell. I'm looking through the book about Spatial Magic right now. Maybe I can find a way to make a modified spell that'll achieve that," He told her excitedly. He really liked that idea, and he was finding some info that made him think it was possible.

"You really love tinkering with spells, huh?" She asked, more like an observation than a question, and he shrugged in response.

"What can I say, magic is interesting."

[}-o-{]​

"Come on, you can do better than that," Joshua pressed as he slashed with his daggers towards Jeanne. His smaller weapons clashed against her swords, that advantage was playing in her favor and it was becoming obvious. Despite that, the girl could never find a big enough opening to strike back.

Thus, he kept going, not letting her get the smallest of chances. After all, training this might be, but going easy on her wouldn't help anyone. He used then, the advantage of his weapons, being light and small. His feet started moving then, since standing in one place was just stupid when one was using daggers.

Joshua moved around his adopted sister, the girl struggling to keep up with his movement, even if she only had to turn her body a bit to follow. It was easier said than done, after all, when someone was attacking you with daggers all the while. She managed though, and when she didn't, his daggers would do nothing but leave a colored mark on her clothes or skin. After all, Jeanne had made the weapons they were using specially to do no actual damage.

"Ok, I think that's it," Joshua declared after he got a slash on her neck of all places. "Pretty sure you are tired."

"What… was… you first… clue?" She asked in between huffs for air and he chuckled breathily too. He was fairly tired too, after all. His chosen style of fighting was very draining, with all the running around. 'Thank God for the Game System,' He thought to himself.

Taking a deep breath in. He tried to calm his beating heart.

"Meditation?" Jeanne mumbled and he nodded.

"Yeah, let's recover for a bit," He told her, already having exhausted his magic practicing spells beforehand. Jeanne, for her part, drained herself with other swords, like the one Nagini was wrapped around training her Heat Resistance and some others they'd used to make their improvised arena more… interesting.

"Sounds great to me," The girl agreed, her shoulders slumping down as the swords disappeared in a small flash of light and specks in the air.

"How about you two, doing alright?" Joshua asked Nagini and Morag. The first hissed something that sounded a lot like a grumble to him. Probably because she'd been doing resistance training. He understood. Months had passed and he still detested Poison Resistance training with Morag. They would continue doing so, but they would complain the whole way, that was for sure.

As for the spider, she gave a cheerful bounce on her legs. She was the one that probably enjoyed training the most, since she got to practice her weaving, which she enjoyed, and she was rather indifferent towards her Jumping and Water Walking practice. 'If she digivolves like Cheshire, she might have to start with some Resistance training herself though,' Joshua noted. They'd refrained from including Morag on that part of their routines because she was small and fragile and they didn't want to risk it even with a weaker weapon, thus, they waited. Maybe if she transformed into something else, she would be able to start too.

It would take a while if the thing really depended on reaching Rank D, since little Morag was only Rank E at the moment. Nagini, for her part, was much closer at D-. Joshua was looking forward to that, wondering and theorizing what would change if something even did.

"Glad you are enjoying yourselves," He replied to them, truthfully to Morag and sarcastically to Nagini, of course. He received a threatening hiss from that last one. "Now, where did Cheshire go this time?" He wondered out loud as he looked into the forest. The feline had taken off long ago, to hunt, was Joshua's best guess.

However, it was taking her a little too long. 'Maybe she's getting something for Nagini or Morag?' He mused. Joshua didn't have much time to ponder that though, because he caught the side of precisely his feline familiar coming their way through the trees. 'The hunt went well, huh?' He noted, seeing that she was carrying something in her mouth.

Unsurprising, really, since she was a great huntress before changing into a Magical Lynx, after the fact, well. He was surprised she hadn't started going for bigger prey, honestly. He was just about to greet her when he blinked, disconcerted.

"Is that… a nest?" He asked then, eyes wide as he looked at the bunch of intertwined twigs that his familiar was carrying around. Looking at it, he saw that there was a hatchling in there. "Cheshire what the hell?!" He exclaimed.

The feline had the gall to give her the equivalent of a shrug at his question.

"Why did you bring it here?" He asked, his eyes twitching. He knew his familiars ate living things, Cheshire had never done anything like this and he was very confused. 'She obviously didn't go for it to eat it and I very much doubt she brought that for Nagini,' He thought, trying to find an explanation.

Then his eyes narrowed as an idea popped in his mind.

"Please tell me you didn't eat its mother," He begged his familiar, who shot him her version of an offended glare. "Why do this though? I've seen Nagini eat birds. I've seen you eat birds."

She simply stared at him.

"Oh, for God's sake…" His whole face twitched. "Really?"

Amber eyes stayed unmoving.

Joshua's, meanwhile, moved towards the baby bird. It moved and chirped and the man felt his annoyance slip away. He turned back to his first familiar for a moment, his blue eyes boring into hers. Then he sighed and looked back at the hatchling.

[Bird

Title: None

Race: Bird

Gender: Female

Strength: G

Speed: G

Dexterity: G

Vitality: G

Perception: G

Magic: -

Perks: 0

Skills: 0]

'Another female? What the hell?!' He thought, blinking in surprise.

"So… welcome to the family?" He heard, snapping his eyes away from the screen to see Jeanne scooping up the nest and looking at the chirping little creature. As she finished the question, the girl looked up at him with pleading eyes. He looked around at his other familiars and could only sigh at what he saw.

"Sure, why the hell not, right?" He grumbled. "Can you stop picking up strays, Cheshire? I thought Jeanne was the last one."

"Hey!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, this chapter was fun.

Also, I want to say something really quick, before people start accusing me of anything. I flipped a coin for the familiars' genders, for all of them, if you can believe that. I have to say that, because damn, this is getting ridiculous. The first three were kind of "ok, whatever". But a fourth? Are the DxD rules stretching to include what I write? What the fuck is going on here?

Anyway, yes, that happened. I think some people might be annoyed at me adding yet another animal, but it is what it is. I promise there won't be many more of those… Unless things get out of hand, but I'll try to avoid doing that.

Well, with that said, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What species do you think the bird is?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 361 others
Adrian King
Jul 4, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 27 - Never Meant To Fight On My Own New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#135
Never Meant To Fight On My Own

Joshua wasn't too sure why the incessant chirping wasn't already grating on his nerves. It definitely sounded like it should be annoying, but it wasn't. Instead, he was almost smiling as he heard Jeanne cooing while she fed the small thing, and hadn't that been a chore? To learn how to? It was what it was, however, so it was done.

"No more strays, Cheshire," He said, his expression falling flat as he continued petting the cat. The long meow he received in response, for some reason, didn't comfort him much. He sighed, and leaned his head back against Nagini on his shoulders. "Why do I even bother?" Then he felt Morag pulling his hair carefully and his smile returned. "Thanks for being on my side, Morag."

Joshua really, really hoped his feline familiar wouldn't decide to pick something or someone up again. Margalo, as Jeanne had decided to call the little bird, much to his amusement, was cute and all, but he still would prefer to not have a zoo in his apartment. 'And I thought the place was big when I moved there,' He thought to himself with a sigh

'I gotta tell Sairaorg to cancel any plans for another familiar for me,' He added, slightly concerned at the idea. Not only would that add yet another creature to have around, but it could also mean a supernatural one this time, since it was a Devil who might give it to him. That was something that he really didn't need at the moment. 'No, let's keep it to the Demonic Artifact or something else…' He mused, taking a mental note to talk that out with Sairaorg the next time they talked.

'That's for another time though,' He decided with a sigh. Raising one hand, he ran his fingers through his hair, carefully keeping from disturbing Morag too much.

"I really should cut it," Joshua mumbled to himself. It had been a while since he'd done so and it showed more and more. He just didn't seem to be able to make time for that. He always seemed to have something to do.

"I like it," Jeanne said, finally looking away from the bird in her hands, apparently done with her task. "Maybe you can leave it long," She suggested and he shrugged. He could try, he supposed. It wasn't like he couldn't just cut it if he didn't like it.

"Maybe," He replied simply. "Are you gonna try to cook today too?" He asked after a moment of silence. "I think I might draw… Margalo if you do," He explained, almost chuckling at the name. It wouldn't be nearly as fun if he'd been the one to name her that, he knew. It was amusing because Margalo wasn't actually a thing in that world, with all the weird changes in media.

"Do you have to add 'try' in there?" The teenager complained as she stood up and walked towards the kitchen. "One of these days I'll be the one that's good at something that you suck at," She grumbled the whole way there and he chuckled to himself.

"So, little one, any opinions about this whole thing you got dragged into?" Joshua asked the small bird on the table, as if it could answer him. "Cheshire didn't kidnap you or anything, right?" He added, slightly concerned, only to receive a slight bite on his hand from said cat. "Ok, fine, no kidnappings happened," He conceded.

His curious mind continued working through that. How did Cheshire come across the bird? He could just ask her and go through questions, he supposed, but where would be the fun in that? So, he ran through the questions in his head, trying to find what would be the most likely option.

"I'm guessing she's an orphan?" Joshua eventually asked his familiar, who let out a soft sound that was basically a despondent 'yes'. 'Of course,' He thought with a sad smile on his face. 'You truly can't stop yourself from helping out strays, can you, Cheshire?' He asked in his mind as he continued petting the feline. It was more like he was saying that to both of them, really, since he was the one that enabled her.

Deep down he wanted to do that too, even if he often refused to admit it.

After all, he'd been a stray once.

When all had been lost, he'd been by himself, stumbling his way through life, searching for something to do, anything to do with his second chance. Then he'd found Cheshire, who had given him a reason to keep moving on. A small one, back then, but that was all that he needed. He wasn't alone anymore.

Then had come Nagini and Morag, who he'd admit he had been more than reluctant to allow, but he had. Because, after all, they weren't responsible for what had happened. The Hunter was, and Joshua knew that. Still, they had also been venomous creatures that could potentially kill him and thus he had struggled to accept that at the time… but he did, because they weren't at fault for that too. In the end, he'd decided to trust his only friend at the time and bring them it.

Joshua was glad he did.

Then came Jeanne, someone that was, in a way, worse than he was. After all, she hadn't had the support of her family, like he had. He was reluctant to call those people her parents or even her family, really. One day, he might pay them a visit, to throw in their faces the wonderful girl they wronged and tell them some other things.

"Well, little one," He said, as he pulled a notebook and a pencil from a card. "Hopefully, you'll like it here."

[Bond Unlocked: Margalo]

'Took you long enough,' Joshua thought with a smile as he started drawing.

[}-o-{]​

[Cheshire]

Joshua seemed to be coming around to show how he really was. It was a slow progress, but Cheshire could be patient. Hunting had a way of teaching how to wait, after all. Even if she wasn't, there was nothing she wouldn't do for her human, especially after all that he had done, for her and for others.

She'd been but a normal cat once. Cheshire remembered those times with… confusion, mostly. It baffled her how her previous self was so… different from what she had become after Joshua had found her that one time.

That first day had done a great deal to earn Joshua the loyalty that she gave him. Picking her up after her…encounter with certain people, wounded, bleeding and cursed, wasn't something that anyone would do. She would know. After all, she'd seen many just walk past her. Joshua, for his part, had brought her to his home though, healed her and taken care of her.

He'd given her a home without getting anything but her presence in exchange.

Her human also didn't look down on her for being an animal, which she was very grateful for. She'd seen how others treated their cats in her outings. Then there was Joshua, who listened to her when she asked much of him the day they had met the animals that would become Morag and Nagini.

She felt the latter's eyes on her. Cheshire sensed, with what Joshua deemed 'Extrasensory', that the snake was curious, probably of what had her so inside her head. The feline's eyes moved around their human and the two of them that were almost always on him. Cheshire would never admit the slight envy they generated in her for being able to do that.

Nagini, despite not having the same abilities as she did, seemed to understand and Cheshire saw the serpent give the slightest of squeezes around Joshua's neck. The transformed lynx understood. The snake was as appreciative of what the man gave as she was. Morag was probably even more so.

The little one was, after all, rather… childish, she'd found. The spider was always chipper, something that Joshua didn't quite catch most of the time, which was a rather amusing fact, in Cheshire's opinion. The little one was always eager to please but easily affected by negative things. Poor Morag had been marked by her time under the Hunter's care.

Still, they were all part of the little odd family Joshua and Cheshire had formed around themselves, and they wouldn't have it any other way.

They also knew that danger lurked around the corner. They had experienced it, lived it and survived it. Now, they all worked to make sure that nothing of the sort would ever happen to them again.

Their last battle had shown them that they were on the right track. They were making progress, gaining power. Eventually, they would be safe, Cheshire knew. They would all be the strongest around, and they would finally get some peace.

However, there was a weakness in their group, mobility. Sure, Cheshire could run around just fine and she was fast, but that wasn't all that was needed for mobility. Nagini and Morag were even more limited in that department. Thus, she had found the bird, Margalo.

She'd looked through the forest, there was bound to be some animal that would fit what Cheshire's family needed, one that would need them just as much. As it turned out, she was right. The little bird's family had been killed by some predator and it had been left alone, on its own. Thus, the feline took the opportunity given to her to do what she did best.

Cheshire had also made a mental note to try and not go for any prey that had little ones waiting for them.

Margalo would grow to be able to fly, and that was something nobody in the group could do. She would get to places they couldn't and probably be faster than the feline herself was. That's what she was counting on, at least. However, with how much they all had improved while training, that hope was almost a fact.

Cheshire hissed at Nagini when she saw her staring at the newest addition to their little group. Fortunately, as she realized a second later when the snake glared at her, she wasn't thinking about making a snack out of their new friend. No, she was just… taking her in, analyzing her, wondering how she would fit, maybe also thinking about Cheshire's reasons. Sometimes the cat wished she could speak, it would make things much easier.

"Something I should know about?" Joshua asked, obviously noticing the short exchange. Cheshire replied as best she could, which was usually enough for her human to understand her. This was one such case, evidently. The man simply nodded and a small smile appeared on his face as he regarded all of his familiars. He'd always grow happier when he did, which almost made Cheshire preen under his gaze.

She probably would have, if not for the smell of Jeanne's cooking reaching her nose. That was… a work in process, let's say. Cheshire, and Nagini, really hoped the girl would get better quickly, because otherwise they might snap. Joshua had well and truly spoiled them with the smell of his cooking. The smaller human was obviously nowhere near as good as he was, which showed a lot more through smell than it did through taste.

"She'll get better, I'm sure," Joshua told them when both Nagini and herself gave their equivalent of a sigh. One of his hands found its way to Cheshire's head, and she settled her thoughts, simply enjoying her human's attention. This was what she wanted to protect, after all, moments like this. The life they had built. The peace and the happiness that they had was what they worked so hard for.

Nagini let out a soft hiss, as if agreeing with the thoughts that Cheshire hadn't even shared. She also felt Morag contently moving through Joshua's hair. The man himself all but announced his contentment to the world even if he didn't say or do anything in specific. Margalo, for her part, seemed perfectly fine just lying where she was after her meal. Even Jeanne, nervous as she was whenever she cooked, had that underlying calm feeling.

Yes, this was what Cheshire wanted to protect.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"No more familiars, huh?" Sairaorg mused as he looked at Kuisha and Jeanne, who were both gushing over little Margalo. To be fair though, the hatchling, who was quickly becoming a nestling as he'd read, didn't seem to mind the attention too much. Joshua supposed that was good, since he couldn't imagine how crazy Jeanne would have driven the poor thing if not.

"Uh huh," The man accented, his eyes still locked on the array he was setting up that day.

"You like complicating things for me, don't you?" The Devil continued speaking, as if the human hadn't just seemingly ignored him. Joshua was glad he didn't take offense. He was actually listening, after all. It was just that talking would be just that bit too distracting with the work he was doing. "First you make me owe you a lot and then you take away my best option for payment."

"There's still your initial idea," Joshua replied, cracking his neck as he took a break in between ward settings.

"The Demonic Artifact?" Sairaorg asked, sounding somewhat surprised. "Not many willingly use them, honestly. I was thinking about it just to offer something that you could use for emergencies. Most of them are… problematic, especially for normal humans."

'Most people don't have Demonic Element though, I imagine,' Joshua thought to himself, smiling wryly as he started working on it again. Obviously, he wasn't about to say that. He didn't know if having both Holy and Demonic Elements was something that could happen or how it was viewed. Wielding both Artifact types was probably not that bad, considering that Sairaorg hadn't immediately dismissed his idea.

They stayed silent for a moment, only the sound of the girls speaking and Margalo's chirps reaching them.

"Having an ace under my sleeve would be nice," He commented when he finished another ward, wiping the sweat on his brow. His eyes then found the screen that had just appeared in front of him.

[Ward Magic has gone up a level.]

"I guess," The Devil nodded, although he didn't look entirely convinced. "Only that seems a bit lacking, if you ask me. Especially since I was going to give you one before the whole exorcist situation."

"I guess that's true enough," Joshua mused, internally thinking how amusing the conversation was. There was Sairaorg, a literal Devil, trying to convince him to let him pay him more. "I just don't know what else I could ask for, really," He admitted out loud as he looked over the next ward on the array. It was just something for himself though. He'd checked them so much that he knew them to heart already.

"You are a difficult man to have as a business partner, Joshua," Sairaorg told him wryly, likely seeing the strangeness of the situation too. "But no matter, I'll find a way to repay you, I promise."

"I'm sure you will, Sairaorg," The man replied. "Besides, I could always have you owing me one. Never know when I'll be in over my head and need a hand."

"There's that too, I guess," The Devil agreed, apparently not at all bothered by what Joshua had said. The human found himself very glad that the Devil he'd met was such a… carefree guy, really. He couldn't imagine what it would have been like if Sairaorg had been how he'd imagined him to be.

"Just don't give him anything to tinker with, ok?" Jeanne pointed out, making his eye twitch. "He's already absolutely obsessed with wards. I don't need something else to make me remind him to sleep or eat."

"I feel you, Jeanne," Kuisha consoled, placing a hand on the girl's shoulder while staring unnervingly at her King.

"Why are we suddenly being ganged up on, Joshua?" Sairaorg asked, sounding confused and slightly fearful.

"Just accept that it's a thing, Sairaorg, because it definitely is," The man grumbled as he continued with his work. "I've found that it's just easier to take it." His eye twitched again when Nagini pressed her head against him, hissing something at him. Joshua was sure she was being condescending though instead of comforting. "This is why Morag's my favorite."

Then he smiled, feeling the spider move in his hair, apparently very happy with his words. His other two familiars, for their parts, turned their heads away from him. Serves them right, what kind of familiar doesn't support their human partner.

"Anyway," Sairaorg started once again, looking amused by the whole interaction Joshua had with his familiars. "Maybe I could get your name out there with my people. I'm sure more than one could use a Warder such as you."

The human could only grimace though.

"Don't take this the wrong way, Sairaorg. I like you, but-"

"But you don't trust my people," The Devil finished, not looking particularly bothered by that fact. Joshua though, was pretty sure he was at least a bit annoyed though. While he didn't look it, Sairaorg hardly ever had such a… neutral expression. "That's understandable."

Joshua sighed loudly and looked up to the ceiling.

"If you can vouch for them, I guess I could work with them," He decided, hoping that he wasn't making a mistake. "Just… you know, we already have a problem with payment between ourselves. I'm not sure what I could ask from them besides more books... Well, I guess I could never have too many of those. Especially considering all the information I may need about the supernatural," He added thoughtfully.

"There you go," Sairaorg said enthusiastically. "Besides, if you get even better and more known, you could have the backing of Devil society. Although… that's a bit ambitious, I'll admit. What's life without goals though, right?"

"I guess," Joshua nodded, privately wondering how good it would be to be seen as an ally of the Devils.

"Our lives will never be even remotely normal, right?" Jeanne lamented.

"Jeanne, you were just gushing over a bird that my cat familiar brought home not a week ago with a Devil, while I work for another that's trying to convince me to let him pay me more. All the while I have a deadly snake around my neck and a slightly less deadly spider in my hair."

"Fair enough," The girl accepted with a mumble as her shoulders slumped. Meanwhile, the two aforementioned Devils laughed at her. Then again, how did she think that would go?

[}-o-{]​

[Sairaorg Bael]

'My plan to help Joshua get another familiar fell through, huh?' He thought, and instead of feeling annoyed or disappointed he was amused. 'Ruined by a cat,' He added, chuckling to himself as he looked out of the transport he'd taken. He had people to talk to.

'A Demonic Artifact though…' He'd expected Joshua to be wary of those, but the man seemed remarkably unconcerned. That was… Sairaorg didn't know what that was, actually. Was Joshua unafraid of the consequences of using one of those? Was he still reading through the book and hadn't found the worst parts?

Regardless, he'd take it. Now the Devil only needed to find something that the other man would like. Before, he'd have had some trouble, since he didn't know Joshua's fighting style, if he even had one. Now though, he'd seen him in action. 'Daggers, huh?...'

There weren't many demonic or holy daggers, really, but Sairaorg could work with that. 'Is that one still in the treasury?' He wondered, having checked his family's weapons already to see if there was anything his peerage could use. 'It should be there, considering that Magdaran has no interest in fighting. I can't see anyone else going in there… Guess that will have to do for now.'

It felt lacking, to give Joshua a Demonic Weapon. They were powerful, for sure, but they also had quite the drawbacks if they weren't used by someone that could resist their effects. Sairaorg was pretty sure Joshua had none of the aspects that could help him wield one.

Sairaorg sighed. Spreading the word would have to do, he supposed. He'd keep looking. There had to be something he could do for his new human friend. He was many things, but ungrateful wasn't one of them.

He stepped out of the vehicle and started walking towards the manor. The staff of the place greeted him and led him in and through the halls. As he walked, Sairaorg's mind continued working. Some would say that someone as strong as him giving so much thought to a simple human magician was… well, there would be a lot of opinions on the matter, he was sure. However, he disagreed and his peerage had his back on that.

Strong as he was, Sairaorg wanted to go even higher.

Being a Satan, that was his goal. The peak of Devil society, the strongest of them all. So much so that they ruled, also because they were capable, of course, but mostly because they could keep everyone else in line.

Joshua had pushed him that much closer to that goal with his ward array. Him and his peerage. Sairaorg had to wonder where he would stand if he'd always had such a thing available. Something that had previously been centuries, maybe millenniums, away was suddenly that much closer.

"Sai-tan," A voice announced and he blinked, before turning. Sure enough, there stood one of the previously mentioned Satans. The Satan in charge of Foreign Affairs, more precisely. Lady Serafall Leviathan, the strongest female Devil.

Also a magical girl enthusiast. That was an important fact too.

"Lady Leviathan," He greeted with a smile that grew strained when the woman pouted at him like an annoyed child. Sairaorg could have sighed. Instead, he said: "Levia-tan."

She hummed, looking very pleased.

"Visiting my precious, So-tan?" She asked then, all but dancing around him as she regarded him. Sairaorg would never get used to her. Despite that childish exterior, he'd seen the woman be serious a handful of times and that had left a mark on him. He'd never forget those occasions.

"Indeed," He replied. "I'm guessing so are you?"

"Of course," She answered, as if it were obvious. Which he supposed was fair. It was common knowledge that Satan Leviathan absolutely adored her sister. Same with Sirzechs with his, really. "You don't look like you are doing a social visit though, Sai-tan! You look too tense," She accused, pouting again as she poked him with her finger.

'So, she noticed, huh?' Sairaorg smiled wryly.

"It's not a social visit… entirely, at least," He told the woman. When she started walking through the hall again, he followed. "I'm here to tell Sona of a… recent acquaintance of mine."

"The magician that stopped the mean exorcists from causing trouble?" The woman asked, almost casually. 'So she knows that too, huh?' He thought. It wasn't entirely unexpected. He'd had to report what had happened with the Church's people after the fact, but he hadn't expected a Satan to check on such a paper.

"Indeed," He admitted with a nod. "I offered to get word of him around in case anyone wants to make deals with him."

"And contracts?" She asked, and Sairaorg could almost see the woman's mind working behind that childish and chipper expression.

"He isn't interested in those. We have a… sort of unofficial contract between us though," He told her. "He doesn't trust easily, but he is reasonable enough."

"Hmm… sounds like a meanie," Serafall mused, almost absentmindedly. "Why would Sona want to make deals with a meanie?"

"He's a warder," Sairaorg revealed in the end, lest he risk Satan thinking he was just going to waste her sister's time. That simple statement picked the woman's interest.

"Oh?"

"He's not a master, by any means, but he's very good. He's given me a training ward array that has helped me a lot," Sairaorg said, his still very much burning enthusiasm about it bleeding into his voice. From everyone else, he'd expected a scoff or a roll of their eyes. He knew how others saw his borderline obsession with training, but he didn't care. Satan Leviathan though, narrowed her eyes almost impersitively. He knew why too.

She'd noticed the little tidbit he'd hidden in his words. That the array had helped him a lot, considering how strong he already was, couldn't be overlooked. It meant that the wards were effective.

"Oh, and where did your friend come from?" Serafall asked, almost throwing all pretenses of casual conversation out the window. It didn't really matter, Sairaorg supposed, he'd known that this was an interrogation from the beginning. He also realized what the question actually was: "What association is he from?"

"He's self taught."

That gave her pause. The woman stopped skipping and stood straight, before slowly turning towards him. Sairaorg barely managed to not take a step back from the look she was giving him. He had to physically stop himself from gulping too.

"Tell me more," She told him and suddenly he wasn't talking to Magical Girl Levia-tan anymore. Instead, he was talking with Lady Leviathan.

'You can't say I didn't do as I said, Joshua,' Sairaorg thought to himself, almost amused. 'Getting your name out there indeed.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, this was an… interesting chapter to write. I like it a lot and I really hope you guys do too.

Writing Cheshire's PoV was a challenge, but I think I managed to do a good job. I'm very glad I waited until now to do this though, because writing when she was more like a normal cat would have been a nightmare.

I quite like the fact that Sairaorg's first plan fell through though. Because I don't often read that kind of mini-twist, as it were. Most of the time, plans fail because of outside interference, be it bad guys or something of the sort. This time though, it was just bad luck, which is something that happens.

Anyway, I'm kinda rambling, I think.

Again, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you know where Margalo's name came from (without looking it up in Google, of course)?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 367 others
Adrian King
Jul 4, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 28 - You Got Power To Control New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#138
You Got Power To Control

Joshua had half-expected to have some deals thrown his way when he agreed to let Sairaorg tell his people about him. Granted, not immediately, but after a whole week, he'd thought he'd at least have heard something. Maybe someone with questions about if he could do something or his capabilities and such.

He hadn't heard anything though.

That, however, was perfectly ok for him. It might be unexpected, but it was good too. He might be alright with the Bael Devil but anyone else would be treated with the same suspicion he'd shown the man when they first met. Well, not that bad, since Sairaorg would be vouching for them, but it would still be something that would have him on edge and he preferred to do without that.

'Anyway,' He shook his head, turning away from the Devil flier that had reminded him of that situation. Joshua had taken to carrying the thing around in case his Underworld dwelling friends had anything to tell him. 'Focus, Joshua,' He thought to himself, taking a deep breath in.

Taking a deep breath in, he licked his lip in anticipation. 'Test number seven,' He counted in his head, rubbing his fingers on the card in his hand. A second later, the thing lit up as a magic circle projected from it.

Then, out of it came a knife. Contrary to what would usually happen though, it didn't fall from it. Instead, it flew from it, straight ahead to where the circle pointed. Joshua couldn't help but grin from ear to ear as he heard the thud of the blade hitting the tree in front of him

"Project Gate is… a success," He mumbled to himself.

"Congratulations," Jeanne clapped from close by. On her shoulder stood Margalo, chirping something that probably meant nothing. At least, it didn't mean much to Joshua, but considering how low level his Bond with her was still, that didn't say much.

"Thanks, I really wanted that to work," He said, looking at the dagger embedded pretty deeply on the wood. "I know I have other options for ranged attacks, and even with the knives, but having this option could be useful at some point." 'And I guess I couldn't resist making a Gate of Babylon in real life too,' He added to himself, withholding a chuckle.

"Well, now that that's done, what's gonna keep you up at night now?" She asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Well, the illusion circles are pretty much done. I do still have to find a way to deal with the smell issue though," He mused out loud as he walked up to the tree and retrieved his weapon. "As for what'll replace this project… Well, I still have ward ideas that I want to try out, for sure."

"Hm," She hummed, taking the bird from her shoulder in her hands. "I'm still trying to see if I can make several swords with an effect that makes them work together," She told him, smiling softly at the bird in her hand. There was no doubt in Joshua's mind about which animal was her favorite.

Which was why she pouted when Margalo chirped something and managed clumsy attempts at steps towards him. Chuckling to himself, he walked up to them and picked up the small thing. Frankly, he was almost afraid to hold her, most of the time. She was so small and fragile looking…

"Missed me, girl?" He asked the little thing. "Have you eaten yet?" The energetic chirping he received was answer enough. "Cheshire!" He called and, sure enough, his first familiar appeared soon afterwards carrying a cricked in her mouth. "Thank you," He said, taking the insect from her mouth and feeding its legs to little Margalo.

"She really eats a lot," Jeanne commented fondly. "Can't wait to know for sure what she is."

"Mhm," Joshua hummed, eyes fixed on the little bird. "So, how's everyone else doing?" He asked as he pushed his training to the side and walked around the clearing, to find Morag and Nagini. "Everything going well? Besides the sword ideas?" He added that last part turning back to Jeanne, who nodded with a pleased expression.

"Yes, I'm trying to fight more of the dummies but I have to underpower them for the moment," She said with a wry expression.

"Hey, it's just a matter of getting used to having more stuff to keep track of. It's like learning to fight all over again, you'll get better," He reassured, pushing against her shoulder with his.

"Thanks," Jeanne nodded, then she looked to the side. "Morag really likes her poisonous web," She said, amused at the sight. Joshua understood though. After all, there was a very considerable amount of webbing with a purple shine where he'd left the spider.

"She sure does," He mumbled with a shake of his head before finding the little Black Widow. He could only smile as he saw her waving her leg at him. "Having fun, eh Morag?" He asked, before giving Margalo back to Jeanne. Then, he crouched down next to the webs, carefully keeping away from the threads and extending a finger for her to join him at least for a moment.

The spider did so eagerly.

However, that was not all.

Immediately something happened, something that he'd almost been looking forward to, really. Energy was sapped from him and he had to stop himself from clenching his fingers around Morag. He took a deep, calming breath in as his eyes widened.

He was pretty sure he heard Jeanne say something, but he didn't have the presence of mind to understand the words. He could only focus on himself, his energy and Morag. The spider's legs twitched occasionally, but otherwise remained as it was… Besides the fact that it was getting bigger, that is.

Eventually, the changes stopped.

[Morag

Rank - D]

"Good job, girl, you are amazing," Joshua praised, scratching the now not-so-little spider's thorax. He could almost feel how pleased she was as Morag squirmed excitedly. "You really are," He mumbled, happy but drained because of whatever that process was.

'What's new though?' His sluggish mind wondered, calling for Appraisal's information.

[Race: Magical Spider]

[Magical Spinneret

The user can produce magically enhanced silk.]

'Huh, no shapeshifting skill but this one changed…' He noted. It wasn't a great change screenwise, but it was an important one in terms of utility. How strong would Morag's threats be now? Would it affect how effective Poison Web was?

"Absolutely marvelous, Morag," He praised again. Next to him, Cheshire shifted into her lynx form and meowed something. It sounded to Joshua's ears like she was praising the spider too, which was heartwarming by itself. "Get Nagini, could you, girl?" He asked, giving the feline a head scratch and a smile before she left to do just that.

"Congratulations, Morag," Jeanne said, beaming at the arachnid as she crouched next to him. 'When did I sit on the ground?' Joshua wondered then, just noticing. He had probably fallen backwards onto the ground while Morag changed.

His mind refocused on Morag then, as the spider started walking over his hand and towards his arm. She didn't stop there, but continued all the way up, over his neck and unto his hair. Joshua chuckled to himself, looking up as if he would find her that way.

"I think you are a lot more noticeable there now, girl," He commented, hearing Jeanne giggling behind her hand.

"You know. I used to be scared of spiders in general, now I find this picture more adorable than anything else," The girl commented with a fond smile. "Nothing normal about any of this at all."

"I think we are forgetting what normal even means," Joshua said, leaning back and placing his hands behind him for support. "I don't think I even want things to be normal anyway."

"Now, there's a thought," Jeanne replied with a fake-thoughtful expression.

"See this, Nagini? You are being left behind," He pointed out when he saw his remaining familiar slithering their way. His expression told the serpent that he didn't mean anything by it though. Even without changing, she was probably just as dangerous as the other two, really. After all, a Black Mamba was a lot more deadly than a normal cat or a spider as it was. This had only evened out-

He didn't get to finish that thought, because when Nagini reached him, she wrapped around his arm. Immediately, he felt it. The drain, the focus, Nagini. The change had started again, this time with his snake familiar.

Her body grew larger and suddenly she wasn't only on his arm. Instead, she was on his arm and his chest. Her scales weren't as smooth as they had been either, having gained a slight bulge and roughness to all of them. With his mind still out of it and his magic reserves almost empty, he ran his fingers over her scales almost mindlessly. It felt… hard. Nagini had gotten a lot more resistant, it seemed.

"I was joking about them leaving you behind, you know?" Joshua mused weakly, his smile growing when he felt the snake's head pushing against his cheek. She was bigger than before, but still a softie inside, it seemed.

'Huh, I'm on the ground,' He realized. Nagini's body made for a nice bed/pillow, he noticed too. 'Not really surprised…'

"Josh? Are you ok?" Jeanne asked and he almost jumped. His scrambled mind had forgotten she was there. "Joshua?" She called, and he tried to focus on her. She looked concerned, pale.

"I'm good… only a little… tired… weird," He tried to explain, but his brain couldn't quite come up with the right words. Things slipped right out of his grasp as soon as he tried to string a thought together.

"I'll… I'll prepare some tea, yeah?" Jeanne told him softly, sounding hesitant. 'Why's she like that?' He wondered, confused. "Look after him, please," She added, this time to Cheshire, who simply nodded. 'Why'd she say that? I'm fine…'

"You are so big, Nagini," He commented, his lost expression turning to a smile once more as his eyes found the ones of his snake familiar. They looked so… Her eyes that before shone the slightest bit with the light were once pitch black pits. It was entrancing, really, he could stare at them fore-

Cheshire hissed something and Nagini turned towards her, replying in kind. Where the cat sounded annoyed, even angry, the serpent was soft, her head hung low. It looked like she was sad, thus Joshua wrapped one arm around her, rubbing her neck.

"Everything ok, Nagini? What's the matter, Cheshire?" He asked the two of them. Both looked away. 'Weird…' Morag was still, he had forgotten she was there too, although, to be fair, with her not moving at all and everything that happened, it was nor surprise, really.

'Speaking of… I haven't checked…' He mused, looking back towards Nagini. 'Appraisal…'

[Race: Jinx Snake]

[Eyes of Misfortune

The user can disrupt the energies of targets with their gaze.]

'So, that's what's up with her eyes…?' He wondered then. Strange, it didn't exactly feel like that when she looked at him. Then again, he seemed to be a little out of it, really…

"Uh," He mumbled dumbly when a cup appeared in front of him. 'Oh, Jeanne,' Joshua realized a second later.

"Come on, Josh, sit up and drink a little," She said softly, gently pushing him up by his shoulder. He followed, his shaky hands taking the offered drink and doing just as she said. "Good, good. Now, could you close your eyes? Focus inside, yes?" She continued speaking and he followed along. This was Jeanne, after all. He could trust her. Jeanne was nice. "Find your energy, your magic. Just… feel them. Focus on them."

'Oh, meditation? I can do that,' Joshua thought, concentrating on the exercise that he'd been doing for months.

[}-o-{]​

"Never a dull moment with you, is there, Joshua?" Sairaorg asked, looking between Morag and Nagini. Unsurprising, really, what with the change they'd gone through.

They'd all made a mental note, after he recovered from their change, to never go through more than one shift in such a short time. If it'd left him like that at the time, he didn't want to think about how it would be if they went through it again. It'd most probably use much more energy, after all. Granted, that was assuming there would be more changes, but he was taking no chances at all.

"Sometimes I wish I could have dull moments, man," Joshua replied with a half-smile that was more of a grimace. Then he cracked his neck, took a deep breath in and started his work with the wards with a sense of familiarity. It'd be weird, to go months without setting wards like this once he was done with all of Sairaorg's cities.

"So, I've been talking with some friends and relatives of mine," The Devil told him as he worked, leaning against a wall in front of him.

Joshua simply hummed, listening to him and barely aware of Jeanne and Kuisha talking somewhere behind him. Probably about Margalo or maybe even just idle chatting. It seemed that his adopted sister had struck up a friendship with the Queen, which he… didn't know what to think of, really. Even with his own weird friendship with Sairaorg, all of it sounded strange to him.

"They seemed interested," The other man in the room continued. "I got their fliers to give to you, in case they decided to contact you. I'll give them to you later," He added, making Joshua blink. That was nice and all, even if slightly surreal. Suddenly, he would have a bunch of Devils to contact with if he so wished. 'Never a dull moment indeed,' The human mused wryly.

He idly wondered how other Devils would look like. How would they be? Would they look like normal humans, like Sairaorg did? Would they be different? Would their personalities be more Devil like? Would they be even more weirdly nice than Sairaorg and his peerage?

"I also might… have spread the word in high places too."

At that, Joshua almost messed up the ward he'd been setting up. His whole body tensed up. It was only the fact that Sairaorg was speaking pretty casually that didn't have him running for the hills already.

"It's not bad," The Devil said quickly, obviously picking up on his reaction. "She's nice enough. I just thought you should know. Serafall Leviathan, formerly Serafall Sitri, is one of the four leaders of our society. One of the Satans, I might have mentioned them to you at some point, or it might be in some of the books I gave you."

He was right, on both accounts. That had been a part that Joshua had paid special attention too, just to know who to be wary of. Not exactly people that he would call 'nice', but then again, he didn't know them personally. Joshua wondered if Sairaorg's word was enough for him to dismiss the fears he held for people that were literally called Satan.

"She is a little… eccentric, but so long as you don't do something stupid, you should be fine," Sairaorg 'reassured', or at least that's what Joshua thought he was trying to do. If so, it didn't quite work out, but he appreciated the sentiment regardless. "Anyway, I doubt she'll want to contact you, but she did give me her flier. It's a one way thing though, you won't be able to contact her through it."

'I wouldn't want to anyway, thank you very much,' Joshua thought, taking a deep, calming breath in. Then he paused, surprised that a screen appeared in front of him.

[Title Unlocked: Magician]

'Oh?'

[Magician

Increases the growth speed of Magic, Spells and magic related Skills by 20%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Spells by 15%.]

'Oh, nice,' He thought, quickly replacing his old Title with the new one. It was much better, that was for sure. 'Wonder what caused that? Was it because now more people know about me? That should have happened before. Is it because Sairaorg is here with their fliers? The timing doesn't quite fit but it does sound like a possible reason,' He theorized as he continued working.

"So, I wanted to ask, have you been working on your training wards?" Sairaorg asked 'casually'. Behind him, Joshua heard Kuisha let out a groan. It made the Devil in front of him chuckle awkwardly.

"He has," Jeanne replied for him, sounding exasperated. "He's trying a few things, from what he's told me. Something about improving the progress rate and making it more useful for magicians."

'Well, she got the gist of it,' Joshua thought to himself. It was more complicated than that, but it was probably better to leave things simple anyway. Still, he'd have liked to chat with someone about his ideas though. He liked talking about his wards, sue him.

That got him thinking about his projects. Like how he was applying his readings on both Healing and Ward Magic to try and mesh them together. There were wards that worked like that from what he'd read, but he was trying to make his own thing because… well, because he liked tinkering, really. That, and maybe he could improve the spell, even if only a little.

The other idea was more simple. It was just using the Weakening Ward, really. However, he wanted to adapt it to just affect one's magic. After all, the Weighing Ward worked better to train physical stuff. Having both of them working in general would be overkill, he was sure. Moreover, he also suspected that it would worsen the results, so he just wanted to target magic, since it was something that was left out of the array was currently using.

"Well, once you finish your tinkering, we'll definitely be interested," Sairaorg told him and he simply hummed, to let him know that he heard him. "Speaking of, I think I found something to start paying off some of what I owe you. Well, besides a bunch of other books I'm sure you'll love," The man said, amused.

"Always interested in those," Joshua mumbled as he pulled up from where he worked. He'd decided to take a break in between wards. Doing the whole array in one go was not only hard but also unnecessary. Thus, he let his head fall back and took a few deep breaths to gather some energy. "Any chance I can know what this mystery payment is?" He asked with a half-smile sent Sairaorg's way.

"I'll do you one better," The Devil said then, crossing his arms. "I'll give it to you right now."

"Oh?" Joshua blinked. He'd assumed that the man still had to actually get whatever it was. He was wrong, it seemed. Then, as if answering his confusion, a black circle appeared on top of the table in front of him, courtesy of Kuisha. From it came a weapon that instantly had his interest.

It was a dagger of some kind, which immediately told him that Sairaorg had actually put some effort into this payment. After all, he didn't even know if he'd even read anything about daggers in mythology. Swords, yes, even spears and bows, but everything else he was sure only would have a handful of such items.

It was also… beautiful but it had an unusual design. The blade ondulated like waves on the sea, ending up with a spiking to one side at the hilt. He guessed that the last part doubled as a guard of some kind, but that was just an assumption, really. That part, near where the hand went, had golden accents, which looked almost entrancing.

There was something that unnerved Joshua from it though. The shine, yellow and pretty, would sometimes give him the impression of actually being red. It was momentary, deceptive, almost like something peeking through the gold. Everytime he caught sight of that, Joshua couldn't help but be wary.

'Definitely a Demonic Artifact…' He thought as he cast Appraisal on it.

[Setan Kober

Rank - ?]

'Why do I even bother…?' He almost deflated.

"I take it you like it?" Sairaorg asked. His tone remained casual, almost normal. 'Almost' being the key word there though. The Devil looked… almost uncomfortable, Joshua would say. "It's Setan Kober, a demonic kris, or keris, which is seen as a ceremonial dagger. At least, the normal ones. This one is no decorative weapon though. I'd be careful. It causes whoever holds it to be increasingly more enraged and erratic. However, on the upside, it also makes them stronger, faster, even more resistant."

Joshua took all that information in. He wasn't sure how safe it would be to use such a weapon, even with Demonic Element on his side. Maybe he could test it, if he set up a ward array against himself and gave Jeanne control of it to subdue him in case anything happened. His adopted sister wasn't the best at using wards though, even previously set ones.

"How do you end up thinking about wards when they give you a weapon?" Jeanne asked him, exasperated while Joshua grinned apologetically. How she managed to know when his thoughts went to wards, he didn't know. It was amusing though, he could tell you that.

"Well," Joshua said in the end, pulling out a card and storing the weapon inside. "I'll be sure to keep it close by in case I need it," He added as he put the card back in his pocket. 'Would Mind Resistance work against the effect?' He continued theorizing absently.

"I have bad news though," Sairaorg said with a grimace, just as Joshua was about to start working again. That caused the human to turn his full attention to him. "The Church has been contacting me to set up a meeting between you and them."

"Can they even do that?" Joshua asked, confused. "I mean, aren't you like.. enemies? I can understand if you don't want to cause a war and keep away from each other. But actively communicating and such?"

"It's not a usual thing, for sure," Sairaorg answered wryly. "But it seems they are interested enough to wave away their dislike of us. Isn't that nice of them?" He seemed unable to keep that last comment to himself, but Joshua didn't care much for that.

"So, should I do this meeting thing?"

"Do you want to?" Sairaorg shot back instantly at his question.

"I mean, I'm not eager for that, honestly," Joshua replied with a shrug. He was fine as he was, honestly. He'd much prefer to let things stay as they were. However… "Isn't it a problem for you though? If I say no?"

"It'd be annoying to deal with them, but little else," The man waved away. "I can do it if you really don't want to meet them."

"What do they even want though? Did they say?" Joshua asked, against his better judgment. He wanted to ignore everyone else and keep on living peacefully, he really did. However, it would leave a bad taste in his mouth if he knew he was causing trouble for Sairaorg.

"They didn't say much, honestly. They seemed curious about you wielding Holy Weapons, but other than that, they only said they wanted to talk with you," THe Devil explained, making the human sigh.

"I just want to stay home, training and tinkering. Is that so much to ask for?" He grumbled, massaging his forehead.

"In our world? Yeah," Sairaorg answered unnecessarily.

"Sure, whatever," Joshua said, before he could change his mind. "Organize this meeting. I'm not promising anything though and… I'd appreciate it if you could accompany me to that."

"I can tell them that…" Sairaorg replied slowly. "I don't think they'll be happy with that last part though. Or that the conversation will go well if there's a Devil in the room."

"They know I work with you," Joshua pointed out. "And anyway, if they want me to even bother, the least they can do is be polite. If they can't do that, then they probably won't hear from me again."

"Well, I'll see to it that they are informed of that, if you are fine with that," The Devil said with an amused smile.

"Sorry for bothering you, Sairaorg."

"Don't worry about that," He waved off. "After all, this whole thing started because I asked you for help."

"Well… I better get back to wor-" Then he paused as an idea formed in his mind. "Do you think you could ask them to meet me in a place of my choosing?" 'Because then I'll be able to ward the hell out of wherever I choose to meet them, just in case.'

"That might be a harder sell, unfortunately," The Devil replied, almost like he thought it was a pity. He probably knew exactly why Joshua had asked for that. Maybe he approved. "I'd have loved to see them test your wards." 'Yep, called it.'

"Maybe they'll test my new dagger though and some of Jeanne's blades," Joshua commented, sharing a grin with the Devil. "And your fists too, huh?"

"I knew I liked you for a reason, Joshua."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

We finally have all familiars evolved. Well, except Margalo, but she isn't a familiar yet anyway. I wonder if anyone was expecting them to not have the same transforming ability that Cheshire got. I think it both makes sense and is neat that they get different things from their evolutions.

Also, Joshua is meeting the Church soonish. Probably next chapter unless something else comes up, which I doubt but could happen.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Considering what I just said, what do you think would be Margalo's Perk when she evolves?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 363 others
Adrian King
Jul 4, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 29 - Caught Up In This World New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#140
Caught Up In This World

"You sure this is a good idea, Josh?" Jeanne asked next to him. She didn't look particularly concerned, but she did look skeptical. To be fair with her, he wasn't very sure that his idea would work. However, it was the only idea he'd got to increase his Mind Resistance skill. Short of forcing Jeanne to use her swords, which he didn't want to do.

"It'll be fine. Worse comes to worst, we lose one wardstone. Small risk and high rewards," He mused as he finished setting up the ward.

[Deterring Ward has gone up a level.]

Then he walked away. He'd tweaked the ward so it would activate on its own after all possible targets left the area that it covered. He'd also made it small, since it was for training purposes alone.

As for what the ward did, well, it did what the name said, basically. Everyone that it considered a target would be discouraged from entering. According to what Jeanne had said when Joshua had been testing it in preparation, it felt like a strange mix of being uncomfortable and afraid. She could power through it though, but that was only because he'd made that one particularly weak, since it was just for testing.

"Everyone ready?" Joshua asked, looking at his familiars. They were all going to train here, trying to power through the ward. He was fairly sure that it counted as a mind altering effect, which should be counted under what Mind Resistance could work against. That was the theory, which had been proved when Nagini and Morag had earned the skill too.

All three animals nodded their heads or, in Morag's case, bobbed their body up and down. Jeanne, meanwhile, stood slightly behind them with Margalo in her hands. She was here mostly for moral support and to make sure that nothing happened. It was improbable, but Joshua was glad that they were covered in that aspect.

His first conclusion about the ward was that Jeanne had gotten the right idea even with the underpowered version. The second one was that this better work or he would be very pissed. The ward was an absolute pain to deal with.

It probably wasn't as bad normally, he supposed. The problem was that it immediately reminded him of that first time he'd had to go back to the Hunter's house. The fear, the dread he'd felt about going inside after what he'd had to live through inside the place. That's how the ward felt for him. It was also the reason he struggled to take another step forward once he felt it.

Joshua was slightly reassured by the fact that his familiars seemed to be faring about as well as he did. All three of them had frozen. Nagini and Morag were even inching backwards the smallest bit. 'I have Mind Resistance at 10 and Cheshire got the skill before them, is that the difference?' He thought to himself.

Then, the two of them stopped and seemed to regain a slight measure of strength. 'The skill leveled up?' He wondered, although he was fairly sure that was the case. Taking a deep breath in, he focused on moving forward himself. They were all on their own here. If anyone had extra trouble, he could see how to help them later on. For the moment though, he was the one that needed this the most.

Joshua was sure he'd not even consider using Setan Kober outside of real emergencies if he didn't have a high level Mind Resistance. Even more, that would be after he made sure that it worked and well. He was already working on a ward array that would contain him long enough for him to be disarmed by a sword dummy of Jeanne's. He wouldn't even let her get close to him if he was being driven berserk by the Demonic Artifact, that was for sure.

It was, maybe, a big risk to use the weapon. However, Sairaorg had given it to him, which by itself meant that it shouldn't be that bad. He'd squeezed all the information the Devil had on the weapon and had been told some reassuring facts, fortunately.

Most important of all was the detail that the keris worked slowly increasing anger and bloodlust. He was curious about how that worked with his Bloodlust skill, a skill that he'd been… reluctant to use so far, but it was an interesting thought nevertheless. His theories aside, this should help him stay in control long enough for himself or his companions to realize that he needed to let go of the thing in a controlled situation.

From there, he'd have to see if it was safe for use in real battle situations, not that he wanted to be in one of those. Unfortunately, the world he was now in had proven to him time and time again that it was better to expect a dangerous encounter. He was intent on being more than prepared too. He'd make sure that whoever wanted to interrupt his peaceful life with his new family paid dearly.

For that, he needed to be able to use that keris though. It was quite possibly the best weapon available. Better than anything Jeanne could make with Blade Blacksmith, he'd go as far as saying. At least for a while until his adopted sister got a lot better.

Joshua's best guess was that he was decent in a fight, but that was by human standards alone. If he considered the races that he'd read about, he was nothing. He needed every little thing that he could stack in his favor so that he'd stand a chance.

With his resolution decided, he took a step forward, the ward's effect intensifying. He ignored it, he ignored the fear gripping at his heart and the way his stomach seemed to revolt at the idea of continuing. He pushed aside all thoughts of turning back and doing literally anything else.

'I need to do this,' He thought firmly, conjuring images of his familiars and Jeanne. 'I need to do this,' He repeated.

[Mind Resistance has gone up a level.]

[}-o-{]​

"Hey, this is actually kind of good," Joshua commented with a grin and wide eyes, looking at his plate. Jeanne, for her part, simply pouted at him.

"You don't have to sound so surprised, you know? Or make it sound so backhanded," She pointed out with a glare. In response, Joshua almost coordinated with his familiars to look at her. The only one not staring back at her was Margalo and only because she was too young and new to know exactly what was going on. The girl simply huffed. "Meanies, the lot of you. No wonder they are your familiars."

"Of course, I only get the smart ones," He replied with a smile still in place. "So, any idea what you'll try your hand at next? Or do I get to cook again sometime soon? The cafe is good and all, but I'd like to actually eat what I prepare sometimes too."

"I guess," Jeanne mumbled, looking away from him and crossing her arms. Joshua, for his part, simply rolled his eyes at her.

"How about we prepare a meal together? You might learn something and I'll get to cook in our kitchen again," He offered, earning a reluctant nod. "Great. Now, did you want to do any-" He started, ready to bribe Jeanne with an outing of her choosing so that she would be in a good mood again. However, he was interrupted when he felt his pocket get warmer.

Some people had phones that rang or vibrated. Joshua though, had pieces of paper that heated and lit up. A minimal thing, if one were to consider the number of oddities and lunacies that now made up his life, but it was something that still struck him as just as weird as everything else. Maybe it was precisely because it was such a small but repeatedly noticed change, he supposed.

"Well, it seems that Sairaorg wants… this is not Sairaorg's flier," He said as he pulled out the fliers. The one that was contacting him was one that his Devil friend had given to him. One of those he'd said were from Devils that he vouched for and were interested in doing business with him.

"What do they want?" Jeanne asked, almost convincing him with her casual tone. He could see that she was nervous, however. Her shoulders were tense and her expression almost empty, visibly trying to conceal her emotions. She wasn't a fan of him doing deals with other Devils.

"They only gave me a time when they'll come and said they are interested in a ward to overlook a territory. Same deal that I made with Sairaorg, it seems," He mused as he read the message. Setting the paper down, he leaned back on his chair.

Mentally, he cursed Sairaorg for trying to be funny and not telling him who the fliers were from. He'd swore that they were good people though, and Cheshire had vouched for him. That was the only reason why Joshua had agreed with letting things go back then.

It made him nervous now though.

"Do the voices have anything to say?" He asked. It had been a while since he'd personally asked for them or since he'd seen Jeanne mention them or been obvious about them. He guessed they either didn't have much to say or Jeanne didn't think things were important enough to tell him.

"They are… reluctantly agreeing that we are approaching things well," She told him. It seemed that she was the one that had the most problems with this. "It's just… they are Devils though. I like Kuisha, I do, and Sairaorg seems nice but…"

"I know the feeling," Joshua sighed and nodded. He knew all too well. "Must be an instinctual thing or something. There's no reason to go against this other than the fact that they are Devils. I trust Sairaorg as much as I would trust anyone outside my family… and yet, I doubt…"

Nagini hissed something and rubbed her head against his cheek as he sighed again. Raising a hand, he scratched under her jaw to return the favor. He needed to stop thinking so much, he guessed. He'd already agreed when Sairaorg offered to tell others about him and he'd readily accepted the fliers he'd been given. It wasn't time to start doubting things now of all times.

"Anything they say though? You haven't mentioned them much lately," He asked Jeanne then, who looked slightly surprised at the question. Then she smiled bashfully in a way that made Joshua want to hug her. Sometimes his adopted sister was just so adorable.

"They are just… happy, as I am, I guess," She replied, looking down at her now empty plate. "Happy for me, I mean," She continued, as if clarifying. "They don't say much. Sometimes they comment on things when we train or when I'm going over sword ideas, but not much else. They are both more and less talkative than they were in the past."

That last part made him blink and tilt his head.

"Ugh, I mean. They used to give advice a lot… in the past," She said, in a way that said 'when I was with my parents' but at the same time didn't. "Now they are more… it's more like they are talking with me instead of just telling me stuff I should do. They talk less often though."

"I think I get it," Joshua replied with a slow nod as he considered that. It made some sense, he supposed. Although, without knowing exactly what was going on, he supposed that was as much as he could understand since he was a third party here. "Well, I'm glad things are ok."

"More than ok," Jeanne said firmly but smiling brightly. "Thank you, Joshua, for picking me up that day."

"Thank Cheshire, she was the one that found you and convinced me," He waved off with a grin.

"Thank you too, Cheshire," The girl added, receiving a very smug meow and preening from the cat. At that, both siblings rolled their eyes.

[}-o-{]​

"How do you think this'll go?" Jeanne asked curiously as they waited at what had become the meeting room at the Hunter's House. It'd become practically their home too, even if they occasionally stayed in the old apartment. Joshua didn't feel like leaving it completely just yet.

"I don't know. I just hope it'll be over fast," He mumbled to himself, fidgeting with a card in his right hand. He had several things inside it. From notes on his ward arrays to Setan Kober. He may trust Sairaorg but he'd still like to have his back covered for this. That coupled with the fact that he'd never stopped adding and modifying wards around the house meant that they should be fine. "Someone's excited…" He added then, a smile tugging at his lips as he felt Margalo moving excitedly on his shoulder.

The little bird was developing really well. Jeanne and him expected to be able to tell which species she was soon. They'd read over lots of lists to prepare themselves. Unfortunately, birds seemed to look pretty much the same as nestlings.

"Not surprising, we are meeting new people here," Jeanne defended unnecessarily. Joshua decided against commenting on that though, simply sharing a look with Nagini and Cheshire. Morag was left out both because she was over his head and because she wasn't faring much better than the small bird.

Anything more they might have said was interrupted by the arrival of the new Devil.

She looked… young, was the first thing Joshua noticed. Around Jeanne's age even. Then again, appearances could be deceiving in the supernatural world, he knew. She had short black hair and violet eyes behind glasses. She looked… serious, was the first impression he got. It contrasted somewhat with Sairaorg's more laid back approach.

Behind her teleported another girl, looking much more developed. She had very long black hair and one of her eyes was brown while the other was violet. With how similar their expressions were, Joshua had to wonder if they were sisters.

"It's a pleasure to meet you," The one that appeared in front - 'The King?' - said. "I'm Sona Sitri and this is my Queen, Tsubaki Shinra." 'Ok, not actually related, good to know… Sitri though, one of the Pillar families… Haven't I heard that somewhere else though?'

"The pleasure is all mine," He said politely as he stood up. "I'm Joshua Davis, these are my sister, Jeanne, and my familiars, Cheshire, Nagini, Morag and Margalo," He added, putting the bird in his list of familiars even if she wasn't there yet. "You don't have to remember all of them right away, but I'd appreciate it if you treated them well," He told them. He'd be the first to admit to having problems remembering names, especially when given a bunch at once. So long as they respected his familiars, they would be fine.

He frowned then. 'I feel like I should… think about something?' He mused, confused and suddenly nervous. A moment later, that feeling disappeared. 'It's probably nothing.'

"Joshua?" Jeanne snapped him from his thoughts, making him shake his head.

"Sorry about that, you said you wanted to talk about wards to look over a territory?" He asked, blinking and taking a deep breath in to focus back on reality. 'What even was that?'

"I said I wanted a set of detection wards," Sona corrected, pushing her glasses up.


"Yeah, well, thing is, a Detection Ward is a specific spell. While it can be tweaked to cover a lot of things, I've found that using other spells to cover for holes left by it makes it much more effective," He explained, almost impressed that she seemed to know what he was talking about. 'Was that a test?' He realized 'You gotta do better than that, girl.' "Do you want wards only for observation or do you want something a little more offensive?"

"Something to keep an eye on what happens inside our city should be enough," She answered and Joshua was pretty sure she was almost smiling. "Speaking of, I share that territory with a friend. I'd like to invite her and her Queen to this meeting. I thought it'd be better to ask before we both came."

He appreciated that, Joshua couldn't say he would have reacted well if they had dropped in unannounced. After all, he wasn't too keen on it with the warning, if he was honest. Hesitant, he looked at his advisors of sorts, Jeanne and Cheshire. When both replied in the affirmative, he nodded.

"They can come," He told Sitri, warily keeping his metaphorical finger on the trigger for his wards.

"Thank you," Sona replied with a polite smile.

Then two more girls appeared inside the room. 'Black hair and violet eyes again, are they somehow more common in the supernatural world?' He noted from who he was pretty sure was the Queen, since she appeared slightly behind the other. Another female that was quite the contrast with everyone else in the room with her bright red hair and blue eyes.

"My friend and fellow King, Rias Gremory, and her Queen, Akeno Himejima," Sona introduced, but Joshua was frowning once more. Not only because that weird sensation had come back with a vengeance, almost giving him a headache, but also… 'Sitri… Gremory… Wait…'

"The fucking Satans, of course," He mumbled to himself as he connected the dots. Both girls evidently heard him, because they flinched.

"We assure you, we try to keep family matters separate from what happens in our territory," The Gremory girl told him hastily.

'Goddamnit, Sairaorg,' Joshua thought to himself as he sighed. He almost wanted to send the two away. Getting in trouble with these two could end up in disaster… But rejecting them could lead to the same thing. 'Furthermore…' He thought, his eyes finding the other new arrival.

"Is something the matter, Mr. Davis?" Sona asked.

"Call me Joshua," He replied instantly before sighing again. "And yes, I'm currently going over all the trouble that Sairaorg has dropped on me all of a sudden. No offense, but do you know how complicated you make things for me just by doing this? Two relatives of the current Satans coming to make a serious deal with a nobody like me, it can draw all kinds of attention to me, from others and from your own pantheon and faction. Nevermind the fact that you brought a half-Fallen with you too."

Now that last part nobody expected, he realized by how everyone went wide-eyed and how said girl flinched. He narrowed his eyes further at that, his hand fidgeting with the card between his fingers, ready to draw his weapons. He felt Morag shift her legs preparing for a jump and Nagini started warily looking between all four people. From the corner of his eye, he saw Jeanne prepare to summon one of her swords. The only one on their side that was relatively calm was Cheshire, which was the only reason Joshua hadn't triggered the wards already.

"Please, we mean no harm, I swear," Sona tried, visibly trying to remain calm. "I know our… identities are high profile," She continued. "But we've been trying to separate ourselves from our families and their influence by moving over to the human world. We are trying to do things our way and with our own power."

"That's all well and good, but it doesn't mean that your families won't come after me in case anything happens. My wards are good, but I won't bet my life on them keeping away whoever wants to attack you," He said. His voice was calm, but his eyes continued darting between the four girls. If they twitched the wrong way, the full might of his wards would fall on them. He didn't want it to come to that though. Even if he could take them, he couldn't risk angering their families.

'I'm so gonna have words with Sairaorg for this,' He growled to himself.

Both Kings looked at one another and sighed, their shoulders slumping.

"We can talk to our siblings regarding this," Rias offered but it only made his eyes widen. 'Siblings?! They are the sisters of the current Lucifer and Leviathan?' Joshua realized, panic coursing through his veins. "I'm sure they were going to check our protections themselves just in case. We can make sure that they'll leave you alone. We are doing this our way in our city."

Joshua wanted to believe then, he really did. However, he also knew that what they believed and what could be the case would be entirely different things. What could he do though? If he sent them away, it could backfire just as badly as if he made the wards and they failed.

He looked Cheshire's way and the feline gave him a nod.

He sighed, shoulders slumping.

"Take a seat before I regret this," He offered with a grimace. He resolutely ignored the happy smile on the redhead and the slight one on the Sitri. "Guess I'll have to put sweat, blood and tears into this thing if I don't want pantheon leaders coming after me," He couldn't help but add, making them grimace in turn.

'God, I almost miss the days when the Hunter was the worst thing that had and could happen to me,' He thought to himself as he pulled notes out of his card. He went over them, explaining to the Kings and Queens what he could do in as simple a way as he could make it. Sona seemed to follow what he said easily enough, with Tsubaki slightly behind. The Gremory pair struggled though, he noticed. 'Guess the one to talk to regarding this is Sona and Rias is just here because she is in charge of the territory too,' He noted.

Joshua wasn't even trying to be insulting, things just were like that. He'd done the same with Sairaorg and Kuisha. The Queen was usually the one that followed his plans the best. The King was the one that okayed everything, but he usually struggled to follow along with the finer details of the wards.

"Those sound like pretty good wards," Sona commented as she looked over the notes he'd presented to them. "We can get you the specifics of Kuoh Town by next week," She added, her eyes going over the list of requirements he'd given them about what he needed to fine tune the ward array to their territory.

'Again with that,' Joshua thought, messaging his head as he felt a headache coming. He didn't know what was up, but it sure was annoying. 'It's probably nothing.'

"Is that all you need?" Rias asked, probably feeling like she hadn't contributed much. Which she hadn't, but Joshua didn't hold that against her. Jeanne looked bored out of her mind a few times there too.

"Actually, no, I'd need more information about the general location. What pantheons are close by and what species are common around it, that kind of thing. That way, I can focus more on those instead of trying to cover everything. It'd also help me get what's the most important out of the way quicker and then slowly add the rarer filters," He told the redhead who considered that for a moment. Joshua could almost see the moment she realized that she could actually help with that instead of leaving that to Sona too.

"Is that how you knew that Akeno was a… half-Fallen?" Rias asked then and Joshua pretended not to notice how tense the aforementioned girl was ever since he'd revealed what she was. 'Hm, wonder why that is though,' He mused.

"Yes. I've tailored my wards to every species that I've come to know. I especially focused on your pantheon though. I've run across Devils and the Church so far. I thought it likely that I'd do so with a Fallen too. I didn't see it happening like this though," He explained.

"Could I ask you… not to mention it? Akeno isn't fond of that… part of her," Rias told him, seemingly having trouble finding the right words for her request.

"Sure, no problem," Joshua nodded. Not only was he eager to be on the two King's good side, now that he'd decided to go ahead with the deal, but also because it really didn't cost him anything to go along with that. He was curious as to the circumstances, but he'd prefer to stay out of it if he could help it.

"Thank you."

"I think that's all that needed to be discussed, wasn't it?" Sona asked then, gathering all the papers that he'd given her in a neat pile. She reminded Joshua distinctly of a teacher, which was an amusing comparison, to him at least.

"Then I guess I'll see you in a week when you give me those details," He nodded.

'That could have gone better… and worse too, I guess.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I actually wanted to keep this chapter's meeting for later, but the characters decided that screw my plans, like they usually do. I also thought it would go much smoother but… yeah, it was a rocky start, I guess.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What's your favorite take out food? I like a lot of stuff, but my favorite would be sushi, I think. It's a shame that it's expensive as fuck.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dragonace111, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 348 others
Adrian King
Jul 4, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 30 - I Will Seek, I Will Find New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#144
I Will Seek, I Will Find

"A swift, huh?" Joshua mused, looking at Margalo, who was chirping something animatedly at Jeanne. The girl obviously had no idea what the avian was trying to tell her, but the beaming smile on her face told everybody that she was happy regardless. "Guess that evens out the group, huh? There's the deadly group with Morag and Nagini and the nice team with Cheshire and Margalo," He mused out loud, earning a tilt of the feline's head. "Fair enough, you aren't very nice," He corrected, holding back a smile as the cat hissed indignantly at him.

"She's adorable, isn't she?" Jeanne commented, seemingly unable to contain her smile even the smallest bit. Although, he was sure she wasn't trying very hard, or at all. "I love how it seems like she doesn't even have feet."

"She certainly is," Joshua agreed, his hand moving to rub the back of his index finger against the bird's side. Margalo seemed to be a fan of that, judging by the way she always leaned against his digit everytime he did that. "She should be ready for flight soon, from what I read."

"Can't wait to see her flying. Are you excited, Margalo? Looking forward to taking off to the skies?" The teenager asked the small bird, who chirped something at her as she hopped on the table. "I'll take that as a yes."

Apparently, someone was getting annoyed at all the attention their little 'sister' was getting, because Joshua found himself feeling a bunch of legs walking on his neck towards his shoulder. When he tilted his head, he saw Morag standing there, poking at him. He couldn't help but picture a kid pulling on his father's clothes to get their attention.

"Oh, come on, Morag," He said with a smile. "You know I still love you, right? Margalo isn't replacing you or anything. She's just younger and requires more attention. Tell you what, I think we are done with this little bit of bird research. How about you and I do some art together, yeah? I'm sure Jeanne doesn't mind entertaining little Margalo."

"I sure don't," The blond replied with a grin that spoke nothing good for Joshua, he realized instantly. "dad," She added then, her smile widening with barely contained laughter. He rolled his eyes at her.

"Does that make you their aunt? Or are you my daughter too instead of my sister?" He asked, with an unimpressed eyebrow raised.

"Definitely the aunt," She answered, completely serious. "The cool aunt, to be exact. Aren't I, Margalo?" She received a happy chirp in response.

"Whatever you say, Jeanne. What do you say, Nagini, cool aunt?" Joshua shot back, turning towards his snake familiar. Now that she was much bigger, she usually wrapped around his legs. It wasn't that he couldn't carry her on his shoulders anymore though. She might be heavier than before, but all his training had made him more than strong enough to carry her anyway. No, the problem was the size itself, since it made walking with the gigantic serpent on him quite cumbersome.

The reptile regarded him for a moment, then looked at Jeanne's hopeful expression. After a moment, she hissed something dismissively and rested her head on his lap again. Joshua's poor sister looked absolutely devastated by that response.

"Cheshire?" She tried then only for the feline to decide that she'd much rather curl up on the table than deign that question with an answer. When she turned towards Morag, the girl saw the spider not even looking at her. That made poor Jeanne slump on her seat. "And that's why you are my favorite, Margalo," She said before huffing. "Come on, let's go play outside, yeah?" Jeanne said as they moved out of the Hunter's House, where they were basically living permanently now.

With Nagini and Morag so much bigger than before, they couldn't very well keep them in an apartment in the middle of the city. Thus, his hand was forced and they moved into that place. Although, if he was honest, he didn't much care for that anymore, really. So, he'd had a short talk with Sairaorg and the place had been arranged so that anyone that looked into it would only find that the place had always been theirs at the same time that anything regarding the Hunter disappeared. Joshua had made sure that Sairaorg knew he didn't want to know anything about the man too.

"Now, do any of you want to join Morag and I?" Joshua asked then, grinning as he saw the now not-so-small spider restlessly walking around on his shoulder. Then he looked as Nagini got off his legs and went to curl up on an armchair off to the side. When Cheshire didn't even open her eyes, he took that as a no. "What do you think that is though, a yes?" He asked Morag pointing at the serpent.

The small arachnid thought over that question for a moment before boldly jumping from his shoulder. It took him less than a second to realize that she was moving towards Nagini. 'Guess I have my answer,' He thought amusedly as he pulled out his sketchbook and pencil from a card. It seemed his next drawing would be another of Morag and Nagini.

[}-o-{]​

"I just want you to know that I hate you, Sairaorg," Joshua grumbled as he started preparing for another set of wards. The last one, actually. 'That makes it five. Five whole cities and towns under his watch. I don't know if that's too little or too much,' He mused to himself as he concentrated back on what he was doing. 'Well, it was six wards, I guess, if one counts the training one.'

"I know it's not ideal, but Rias is my cousin. Sona is a good friend also. They needed help improving their defenses and you are the best warder I know," The Devil defended himself, apparently already knowing what he was on about before he even had to explain. No doubt the other Kings had informed him of how the meeting had gone. "I promise you that no trouble will come your way for this. They've spoken with their siblings-"

'God, that didn't make things worse, did it?' Joshua thought then, pausing in his ward setting. It definitely sounded like something that would make things worse. Honestly, if they could keep his name away from the two Satans' ears, that would have been better. If only Sairaorg hadn't babbled to Leviathan already…

"They've agreed not to blame you for whatever happened. From what they've told me, Satan Lucifer and Leviathan were quite happy that their siblings were allowing someone to place some more defenses around them, even if you aren't what they would have preferred," Sairaorg explained. Joshua's eye twitched at the unintentional insult. He knew it was true, and he even accepted it. However, it did irk him to hear it being pointed out like that.

"I'm still not sure how much I can trust their word on that," He grumbled to himself as he finished setting another ward, immediately starting with the next. He wanted to trust Sairaorg on what he said, he really did. However, he didn't know how much he believed that people literally called Satans could be reasonable.

"I promise you, that if anything happens, I'll have your back, Joshua," Sairaorg said then, with the most serious tone the man had ever heard coming from the Devil. The sentiment was nice, and he believed that at least, but he didn't know how well Sairaorg could match not one but two leaders of his faction.

"Let's hope it doesn't come to that…" He mumbled as he continued working. He appreciated what the Devil was doing, but there was literally nothing that would reassure him in this issue. Not unless what he feared did come to pass and the Satans didn't act as he expected they would.

'Really hope it won't come to that,' Joshua mused with a frown. Rias and Sona seemed nice enough when they met. He'd hate for his wards to fail and for something to happen to them.

"Hm, Josh?" He heard Jeanne call, making him blink. She usually spent the time talking with Kuisha whenever they went out to set wards. Rarely did she speak with him or Sairaorg. Him, because they already spent most of the day together and the Devil because he spent the time with Joshua in those instances.

"Yeah?" He replied with a nod, encouraging her to talk. Even stranger than her speaking with him at that moment was the tone she'd used. It had been a while since he'd heard her nervous, hesitant side. He thought they'd gotten past that already. 'Kuisha didn't do anything, did she?' He thought then, his eyes narrowing.

"You see, Kuisha and I were talking," She mumbled and he could almost picture her fidgeting with her hands. "And she was telling me that she and Coriana were going to go shopping. You know, to get away from the boys in their peerage," She continued then and Joshua blinked again.

'Oh, that's what it is about,' He realized with a tilt of his head. Evidently, his adopted sister took that to mean that he wanted her to keep talking.

"And she invited me along," Jeanne kept on going, not that Joshua minded, since it gave him time to consider her request. "She said they usually just visit one of the cities inside their territory. That it helps them know more about them and she was telling me that they are going to where we live next time and-"

"Sure, you can go," He interrupted her with a soft smile on his face and a nod of his head. She was starting to ramble a bit there and he didn't want her to keep being so nervous. He much preferred the side of Jeanne that he'd gotten to know as of late, that was for sure.

Also, Joshua didn't need to think about it much either. They were already trusting Sairaorg with much more serious things, really, and this was his peerage that was involved. Granted, there was a part of him that was reluctant to let Jeanne go, but that was the overprotective brother in him, he supposed. It wasn't really because he didn't trust Kuisha and Coriana, even if he barely knew the latter from his visit to the Underworld. 'On that note, Jeanne spoke about her with familiarity… Guess they've talked about her with Kuisha. Must be that.'

Another reason to let her go was because he'd been getting worried about Jeanne as of late. Not because she seemed unhappy or anything, but he was pretty sure it wasn't very healthy for a teenager to spend all the time with her 'family', as it were. He'd done that and he knew very well that he wasn't an example of sociability. He didn't want that for Jeanne, especially if he could help her out.

"Really?" She asked, and he could hear the incredulous expression on her face. Even if it wasn't obvious from her voice, it would have been because of the long pause between his agreement and her question.

"Of course," He replied as he started setting up another ward. "Just the three of you?"

"Yeah," Jeanne, and his smile grew wider when he noticed that she seemed to have relaxed. "Yeah. She said they meet up with other peerage's members, friends of theirs, sometimes. But she said she wanted it to be the three of us. We've talked about Coriana and she said she's talked about me with the rest of the peerage. So… Well, she thought I'd be more comfortable with someone I know and someone I know of."

Joshua hummed as she finished her short rant.

"Ok then, do you need anything? I know you don't spend much of your money, but-"

"It's fine, I have enough, don't worry," She interrupted him quickly. He thought he heard some of that nervousness from before in her voice but he didn't press the issue. He'd just have to talk with Kuisha, he guessed. Last thing he wanted was for Jeanne to have a bad time with her friends because she had too little money. They weren't rich or even well off, but he hadn't discussed the matter of payment with Sona and Rias yet. He was sure he could get a considerable amount of money just for that job.

"If you say so," He replied , trying to keep his doubts to himself. For the moment, he had wards to finish. He could worry about that later. Before he could focus back on his wards, however, he felt Jeanne's arms wrap around him and her head rest against his.

"Thank you, Josh," She mumbled against his hair and smiled softly to himself.

"Don't mention it," He told her. "What are brothers for, right?"

"Thank you," She repeated. "I'm gonna… go and tell Kuisha," She mumbled, suddenly embarrassed and he chuckled to himself. Just as he did, he heard Sairaorg do the same. When Joshua looked at him, the Devil shot him a wide grin.

"I don't have any siblings, but I feel like I get how that works," Sairaorg said then. "Sometimes it gets like that with my peerage."

"Not Kuisha, I'm guessing. I mean, that kind of thing could get weird with your girlfriend," Joshua commented, making the man sputter.

"W-What? We are not dating?" He denied, although it sounded more like a question to the human's ears.

"Sure you aren't. She's your Queen, isn't she? I remember you tell me that," Joshua pointed out with a wide grin.

"I already explained to you how that works," Now his voice sounded almost whiny. 'Man, this is fun. Now I know why mom was so taken with teasing,' He thought to himself. "Why do I put up with you again?" Sairaorg grumbled then.

"Because I'm the best warder you know? Or the cheapest, I guess," Joshua guessed, still smiling from ear to ear.

"Right," The Devil replied, neither denying nor confirming either of those statements.

[}-o-{]​

"So, they are still not talking about why they want to meet me?" Joshua asked, doing his best to remain calm. It was a challenge, however, since he really, really, wasn't feeling it. 'Isn't it hilarious?' He wondered to himself. 'I feel more comfortable hanging out with a Devil than I do meeting Church representatives.'

"They didn't tell me, that's for sure," Sairaorg replied as they walked through the street towards the place the Church had chosen for their meeting. "They probably just want to have some more information about someone with Holy Element, is our guess," He continued. "They are rare enough that the Church can't afford to not know about them."

"Do you think they'll try anything?" Joshua asked then, his Magic Sense picking up on a spell that had been cast over the meeting place, a normal, everyday restaurant. The place had been a surprise, but he supposed they wanted to come across as friendly, picking a place that was neutral. At least according to Sairaorg it was, it was in a city that was underneath the Devils nor the Church.

From what the Devil had told him, the place was actually overlooked by Golden Dawn, a magician association. Joshua had read about them and he was curious, but he had no plans to join them, really. Being part of such a group came with responsibilities and while they sounded reasonable enough, he couldn't be bothered. He liked how his life was going, even if he could do without the Satan Sisters and the Church trying to get him in trouble.

"They might try to get you to join them. They also might be annoying about it, at least from what I know about you," The Devil answered, looking thoughtful. "They might want to know how you got the Holy weapons, if they don't know about Jeanne's Sacred Gear."

"Hm, I don't know if she showed it much during our fight, did you see?" Joshua asked then, carefully analyzing what he could get about the magic around the place with his Magic Sense. As far as he could tell, it didn't feel like his Offensive wards. It did feel like his Special ones thought. 'Probably something to keep us from being noticed or something like that then,' He guessed, but he kept looking into it.

He didn't want to be caught off guard and he wouldn't.

"Hm, I think they should have picked up on it. They didn't ask for her to be here though, so maybe they didn't," The man pondered out loud and Joshua let out a sigh in relief before squaring his shoulders.

"There's a spell over the place, starts right in front of us," He informed Sairaorg who glanced ahead, as if trying to see the magic. Then he nodded appreciatively.

"So, last chance to turn away, huh?" He said, but both knew they wouldn't do that. They'd come this far. Insulting the Church by not showing up wasn't a good idea.

"We probably shouldn't discuss anything once we enter the spell," Joshua commented. "They could have something to listen in on our conversation."

"Hm, it's a possibility, I'll give you that," Sairaorg agreed with a nod. "By the way, how do you want to present yourself and our… unconventional deal?"

"I thought we could just say we made that contract you were trying to get me to do with you some time ago, remember? Even if it's not really the truth," Joshua explained, glad that he'd brought that up. He was unsure of how Sairaorg would take the idea though. "I don't know if that could be a problem on your end though."

"That's fine with me," The Devil easily agreed, to which he almost sighed. If he had a direct connection with him, or seemed to at least, then it was less likely that the Church would press too much in their recruitment attempts. If that happened, that is.

"Let's get this over with," Joshua grumbled. "Here's hoping they'll insult you so we can get the hell away from there."

"Think they'll be nice enough to do that?" Sairaorg asked him with a grin that he returned as they continued walking.

"One can dream, right?" He shot back as he felt the spell around him once they entered the range. One of his hands went inside his pocket, feeling the two cards inside. One had the modified Storage Spell that shot out knives and the other had a normal one with more blades and Setan Kober as his last resort. He had come ready for a fight, yes, but he didn't like his chances if things went south.

After all, he'd let the Church set this up. They could have easily set up a trap, even if they were in someone else's territory. 'Maybe I'm being a bit too paranoid,' Joshua considered wryly. 'Constant Vigilance, I guess,' He added, almost chuckling. Better to worry too much than too little though.

'So, it's these two, huh?' Joshua thought once they stepped inside the place. The Church people couldn't have been more obvious if they tried, to him at least. After all, both of them had been there that day, which he supposed made some sense. 'Still, they don't know that if they are here to recruit me, they chose the worst people for the job,' He added with a wry smile as he looked at both Griselda and Xenovia Quarta.

[Griselda Quarta

Rank - ?]

Then his eyes widened once he turned his appraisal to the younger one.

[Xenovia Quarta

Title: Wielder of Excalibur Destruction

Race: Human

Gender: Female

Rank: C

Strength: B

Speed: C

Dexterity: C

Vitality: B

Perception: C

Magic: E]

'That's… new,' He thought as he continued walking, trying not to show how that had taken him off guard. Blinking, he read through the screen before dismissing it and calling for another.

[Appraisal - Lvl 25/100

Determines the user's ability to appraise objects, creatures and people according to level.

Has 25% chances of finding a weakness.]

'Nothing new… Was it because of the twenty-fifth level?' He wondered. Regardless, it was a nice and welcome addition. 'Now, if only the other woman didn't have so little information though…'

Still, he now knew where the girl's strengths lay and what her 'weaknesses' were. He also knew that Griselda wasn't 100% battle ready yet from Appraisal's weakness detection. Apparently, she was still recovering from whatever Sellzen had done to her during his… whatever that had been. 'What did he even do? It's been more than a month and we have magic, surely she should be fine already?' Sadly, that question was likely to go unanswered.

"Thanks for coming," The woman started when they reached the table. "I'm Griselda Quarta and this is my ward, Xenovia."

'Ward, huh?'

"I'm, as you know, Sairaorg Bael," The Devil replied before signaling towards Joshua. "And this is Joshua Davis, my contracted magician."

'When's the last time I had an introduction that short?' The man wondered as he nodded towards both Exorcists. After all, he'd always had at least one familiar or Jeanne with him. However, the former had stayed back to keep little Margalo company and the latter had gone out with Kuisha and Coriana.

He pushed down the part of his mind that was sad they couldn't accompany him there. It was better that way, after all. He was ready for a fight, yes, but he fully expected to lose if it came to that. Thus, he'd much prefered to leave them out of it, just in case. None of them had liked that decision, but Sairaorg had come through for him, reassuring all of them that the chances of things ending in a fight were low. After all, they would risk much attacking someone as high profile as him.

"So, I was told you wanted to talk with me," Joshua started, trying to keep his tone from revealing how nervous he was as he took a seat at the table, opposite the two women. Sairaorg, for his part, sat next to him and seemed perfectly content to just hear unless he was spoken too. Joshua guessed he'd said all that he needed to by introducing them as being in a contract.

"We did," Griselda replied with a nod. "We couldn't help but notice that you and your companion were carrying Holy weapons during our encounter. We only wanted to know how that came to be, if you'd indulge our curiosity," She explained calmly.

Joshua, for his part, simply raised an eyebrow at her, his lips tugging into a small smile. Did the woman really expect him to believe that was all? All that trouble, just to ask a single question?

"My sister has Blade Blacksmith," He replied shortly but not curtly. It was a good enough answer, even if they probably wanted him to give a much more elaborate one. He had no intention of giving these people more than he strictly needed to. He already lamented the fact that Sairaorg had deemed it necessary to give them their names.

Still, even if they probably already knew who Jeanne was, he wasn't going to be the one to reveal that to them.

"I see, and you've always been able to use those weapons?" She asked, apparently unfazed by his attitude. The girl though, was a much worse actress. She'd barely been able to keep a neutral expression before that, after? Well, she already had a scowl on her face, even if she wasn't directing it at him.

"As far as I know," Joshua answered with a shrug. It wasn't even a lie, really. He hadn't tried to use a Holy weapon before Jeanne unlocked her Sacred Gear. Moreover, he'd gotten Holy Element right afterwards so, he didn't really know what could have happened if he tried before that.

"You seem… hostile," Griselda pointed out with a tilt of her head. "Is there a reason for that?" She asked, sounding genuinely curious. Joshua would give her credit, she didn't even mention Sairaorg when referring to that. He'd half expected a remark regarding the Devils. Her ward seemed to swallow something that she wanted to say though, and he was sure it was along those lines.

"Well, excuse me if I'm not comfortable talking casually with the woman that wanted to kill my familiar," He replied, using more words than he had with any of his other statements put together. As it was, he already was using more self-control than he expected. He thought he was over that, but, evidently, he was.

Joshua just couldn't help but picture the woman stomping on little Morag before she had changed.

At that, Griselda's eyes widened.

"That was-" She started before stopping and visibly calming herself down. "I apologize, sincerely. The situation we were in had me on edge, I'm sure you'll understand."

"I do," He nodded, reluctantly. "I apologize if I'm not being very… friendly. I'm trying my best to ignore that. Doesn't help that we had to even do this in the first place."

"Can I ask why that is? Is there a reason why you were reluctant to meet with us?" She asked then.

"Because I want to be left alone and live my life in peace," He replied simply with a shrug. "Nothing against you, really."

"And I'm sure it's nothing to do with the Devils?" That came from the girl. For a split second, Joshua saw a dark look pass through Griselda's expression. One that he was sure was mimicked by himself. Sairaorg himself looked almost amused, however.

"Indeed it isn't, because I was equally reluctant to deal with them," He pointed out. "And I get along perfectly well with the Devils. They haven't called for me to interrogate me, that's for sure."

"I apologize on her behalf. I've been trying to teach her not to be so antagonistic," Griselda said immediately, probably trying to defuse the situation as best she could.

Joshua couldn't hold back a chuckle at her words though. She made it sound like Xenovia was like that with everyone, when he was very sure it would be mostly, if not solely against Devils. He supposed he couldn't hold that against her… much.

"I'm sure," He replied with a half-smile. "Anyway, can we get to what we really are doing here? Because while the questions I'm sure are important, I'm also sure there's more to this than that."

Griselda regarded him for a moment, likely realizing that any attempt at recruiting wouldn't be well received.

"Am I wrong to assume that you are the one that has been setting the wards around Bael's territory?" She asked instead, briefly looking towards the Devil as she formulated her question. Joshua considered that with slightly widened eyes. He hadn't expected that to come up. Certainly not so out of the blue.

"... I am," He admitted after a long moment.

"I see… and would you be open to working with us too?" She asked then. 'Ah, so that's her angle here, huh?' He realized.

He could tell her 'no' and be done with it, he supposed. He couldn't see how that could bring much trouble for him. After all, he was under Sairaorg's protection, as it were. Any attack against him, would be an attack against the Bael. And an attack against the Devil would be an attack against all Devils. That may be a bit of a stretch, but he didn't think the Church would risk that anyway. Surely he wasn't that important, right?

On the other hand, having allies on both sides was an appealing idea. Being a neutral party between both factions sounded risky, but really, if everyone knew about it, surely it wasn't that dangerous. Sairaorg was sitting right there and he didn't seem to particularly care for his decision.

"I'd consider it," He answered in the end and the woman smiled, pleased. Immediately, Joshua wondered if he'd made the wrong decision.

"I'm glad to hear that," She said, standing up and pulling out a card from a pocket that she quickly passed to him. It had a number on it. 'Huh, a normal business card? Didn't expect that, but I guess they don't do the flier thing,' He thought as he looked at the small thing. According to Appraisal, there was nothing out of the ordinary with it, which was a relief. "Please call if you need help with anything."

He raised an eyebrow at that. It was unlikely that he'd call, but he didn't say as much. Joshua didn't want to burn that bridge just yet. Not when the only reason he'd accepted to maybe make wards for them was so that the bridge existed.

"I'll keep it in mind," He replied.

"Please do," Griselda said with a nod and a smile. "Now, if you'll excuse me. It seems I have to educate my ward. It was good meeting you."

The look on young Xenovia's face was enough that Joshua almost pitied her. Almost. Instead, he let them make their exit with a few more words exchanged between all of them. Then, he just stayed there with Sairaorg until he felt the spells around the place lifting.

"Why can't my life be simple, man?"

"Because you became a magician?" The Devil asked back with a grin.

At that, Joshua just let his head fall and hit the table.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I quite liked this chapter. The last scene has me a little worried, but I had fun writing this either way. I'm not as nervous as I usually am, so I hope that's a good sign.

I also hope that you enjoyed the chapter, of course.

Random Question: How are you liking the story so far?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 350 others
Adrian King
Jul 5, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
3
…
9
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
222 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit


Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Prev  
1
2
3
4
…
9
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 31 - The Future Is Mine New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#149
The Future Is Mine

"Huh, this Town has a lot of things for such a small place," Joshua commented, looking over the information that Rias and Sona had brought for the next meeting. There was still that annoying feeling that he should know something mixed with the slightest of headaches, but he ignored that. It was probably nothing.

"It's been under Devil supervision for a while," Sona started, pushing up her glasses. She did that a lot, he'd noticed. Mostly when she had to explain things or consider something, if he had to guess. "Our people like their luxuries and thus, they've taken the liberty to… improve the town."

"That makes sense, I guess," He mused, reading over the information, absently moving his left hand in the air as Morag walked around it aimlessly. "Everything seems fine. It should actually be rather easy from what I'm seeing. I've done wards like this for much bigger cities for Sairaorg. That's good, because I'd rather focus on making the wards as good as possible," He added with a grimace. Rias joined him, probably reading his thought process there, but didn't comment.

"This is what I could gather regarding supernatural presence around our territory," The redhead said as she passed him a file that looked about as filed as the one Sona had given him, which was impressive. Maybe it sounded insulting, but he'd expected less from her. The Sitri seemed to be the one that was actually more oriented to this kind of thing. Still he took the offered information and started going through the information.

"Lot's of Youkai presence, expected, but good to know. I think this'll be the first thing I'll get out of the way after putting up wards oriented for your faction," He told them as he continued reading. "Oh? You looked up the neighboring countries' information for this?" He asked as he continued reading with slightly widened eyes.

"I thought it was something to take into account. While traveling is much easier in the supernatural, distances are still important. So, someone a country or two away is more likely to… visit, than someone on the other side of the world. I thought it would be necessary information when you said you needed to know what was close by. Was I wrong?" Rias explained before growing unsure as she added the last part, reminding Joshua of a nervous Jeanne.

"No, no, this is perfect actually," He reassured her quickly as he continued reading with a smile. He'd expected her to give him the information she could get of Kuoh's surrounding area, maybe of Japan, not that quarter of the world. "This is great. It'll help a lot, certainly," He mumbled as he continued reading. 'Maybe I can find a way to target specific Youkai traits instead of Youkai per se, that could help avoid anyone slipping through a crack-'

"Ahem, Josh?" Jeanne called, clearing her throat to get his attention and making him look up. She looked exasperated, while the devils looked… happy, he guessed. Sona had a barely noticeable smile on her face while Rias was practically beaming.

"Sorry, my mind goes away often when wards are involved," He apologized with a wry smile. "All this information is perfect. Much more than I got from Sairaorg, that's for sure," He told them. What he didn't tell them was that Sairaorg's cities were a lot less supernaturaly oriented than theirs, but the point stood.

"Now, in terms of payment," Sona said and he looked at her, blinking. He hadn't considered that much, really. He liked making wards, and he already had a job to pay for what he wanted. If he was honest, at this point he was only doing the magical job more as a hobby than actual work. Well, that and building relationships in case he needed them. He'd been planning to just ask for money or books when the subject eventually came up or at the end of the job. "I talked with Sairaorg and I think you'll find this to be suitable."

Then, on her hand, appeared a book that she passed him. 'Hex,' He read the simplistic title before looking at the two Devils and opening it. Reading through the first few paragraphs he could already tell why they thought it would be a good payment for him.

"Hexes work similarly to wards, except that instead of a wardstone they use other magically oriented objects as foundation and foci. That's a rather simplistic view, but not an inappropriate one," Sona explained, looking very satisfied with herself, as if there was no way he wouldn't like her idea. To be fair to her, he didn't.

"Certainly is," He agreed with a grin, ignoring the groan Jeanne let out or the facepalm he heard her perform.

"That's just one of a collection of books that we'll pay you with too," Rias added, making him look at her. Once he did, the girl turned slightly sheepish. "I know we can't make this job less… troublesome for you, no matter what we say. So, I thought we could increase the pay to make up for it."

Cheshire meowed something at them, which got Joshua's attention.

"Is there something you are not telling me?" He asked, trying not to sound too suspicious. His familiar wasn't being aggressive, so he guessed there was nothing wrong with whatever they were keeping out of their words, but still…

"We… contacted some other people, in case you changed your mind about this job," Sona explained slowly, for the first time sounding unsure as she looked between Cheshire and him. "People either outright rejected us or they asked for ridiculous prices, probably expecting to drive us away."

"So, I'm not the only one that realizes the situation, huh?" He said wryly. "Guess that makes me an idiot for agreeing to this," He added with a shake of his head. 'And I guess I was too paranoid to reject them, contrary to those people,' He mused dejectedly. "Anyway, this'll be more than enough, I appreciate it. Maybe I'll even add this to your setup. When I think I'm good enough, at least. Never have enough surveillance, I guess."

"If you think you can, we wouldn't say no," Sona told him with a wider smile than he thought he'd seen on her. "If you need anything for either the wards or, possibly, the hexes, be sure to let us know and we'll arrange for it."

"If it makes you feel better," Rias commented with a wry smile. "I'm sure our siblings will cause… trouble for them. At least the ones that raised their prices."

"It does… I think," He replied with a sigh. Then he set down the book together with the notes. "So, I think that's all for this meeting, yes?" He asked then, more to get going than because of actual curiosity. After all, he knew that there was nothing-

"Well, I wanted to ask about something," Rias commented, making him pause and blink.

'Well, I was wrong,' He thought to himself as he leaned forward.

"I'm listening," He told her, bringing his notebook in front of him and getting a hold of a pencil. Just in case he needed to take some notes.

"Sairaorg said you set up a training ward array for him?" Rias asked then, looking very interested. Joshua was also sure that Sona was straightened the smallest bit, although that was difficult to tell. 'What's with Devils and training?' He couldn't help but ask himself.

"Yes, I did," He confirmed with a nod. "I've been working to improve that one, actually. Why, you interested?"

"We are," Sona said, making Rias's eyes widen slightly. 'They didn't talk about this beforehand? What?' Joshua thought, looking between them. "Would it be possible, then?"

"Well, I need precise information about your peerages. Like, what were they originally? Devils? Humans? I know you have a half-Fallen as a Queen, are there any other half-something? I need to know that," He explained to them, reminding himself of the fact that the Queens weren't present for this meeting, for some reason. 'Is it because of what happened with the half-Fallen?... I forgot the name… Ugh.' The fact that Rias suddenly looked troubled all but confirmed his suspicions. Sona, for her part, looked unaffected.

"I'm sure we can talk more about this once this set of wards has been set up," The latter said then, pushing her glasses up before standing to leave.

"Sure, I'm working on improving that array anyway, so I'd need time regardless," He told them with a shrug, setting down the pencil and standing up too. "I'll start working on those wards then and I'll contact you when I feel like I can start setting up something. Shouldn't take me too long, but this'll take more than one sitting."

Of course it would. Not that he hadn't put effort into Sairaorg's wards, but they had been a learning experience, really. He'd told the man as much and he'd just laughed it off. Saying that he was fine with that, just that he'd have to set them again and much better when the time came.

This one, Joshua couldn't afford to be so relaxed about. His life and that of his family depended on those wards protecting these two girls. 'No pressure,' He thought to himself.

[}-o-{]​

[Rias Gremory]

"Rias!" Sona all but shouted once they teleported back to the Student Council room. "Leave us alone," The Sitri Heiress said to her peerage, which quickly evacuated the premises seeing their usually calm and collected King almost about to lose it. Tsubaki and Akeno, who had remained behind this time, remained by their side, however. "What possessed you to ask that?" Sona demanded once it was just the four of them.

"I just thought that it could be useful," Rias tried, but she already knew her best friend wouldn't buy it.

"You want that ward array to train for Riser. I know that already, don't lie to me," Sona hissed. "Do you have any idea the mess that could cause? Joshua is already reluctant to do this. The only reason he's doing so is likely because he's too afraid to back down and because of his contract with Sairaorg. Do you think even he will stay if he learns what you are trying to do?"

"Nobody should cause problems because of-"

"I told you not to lie to me, Rias," Sona interrupted, her voice cold as ice. "Do you think the Phenex or even someone else won't jump at the chance of saying you got help for your fight against Riser? Even if you win, that could make the whole thing worth nothing."

"I just… How am I supposed to beat the 'Immortal Phoenix' then?" She said, her voice turning almost venomous as she said 'Immortal Phoenix'. "I've been training, Sona. My peerage is pushing themselves pretty hard for this but… we don't have the time, the power…"

"Talk about this with your brother, Rias," Sona suggested, calming down somewhat. "It's not a bad idea to look for help, but you need to do it the right way so that you can actually come out winning. If you aren't careful, they will take your victory away from you even if you succeed."

Rias wanted to protest that, saying that she didn't need help from her brother. It was contradictory, that the whole thing had started because she wanted help from Joshua, but a deal with a stranger and a helping hand from her family were different things. Surely…

Then an idea formed in her mind.

"I know that look," Sona pointed out with narrowed eyes. "You thought of something."

"Well, I was just thinking," Rias started, not even trying to deny it. "That we just have to make sure that it doesn't look like it's just help. That it's not something I got from being me or from my brother. An actual deal, business."

"Joshua is already contracted with Sairaorg though," Sona pointed out, and that was a shame. That would have been the best approach for the problem. That or making him part of her peerage, but Sairaorg had left it clear that Joshua wasn't interested in that and not to ask. However, if it was done as just a Deal, then it could be twisted as something done in her favor. "It was a good idea," Sona admitted, giving her a sad smile that she always hated seeing. "But it won't be that simple."

"There has to be a way out of this, there has to," Rias said, refusing to believe there was no hope. She'd avoid marrying Riser if it was the last thing she did, she swore. She just needed to find a way.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

Having friends was… weird.

It was nice, for sure, but it was also… strange. Obviously, it had something to do with it being a somewhat new experience to her, Jeanne supposed. After all, she'd hardly had a friend for a relevant length of time before the voices made her act strangely and things usually went south from there.

Until Joshua, that is.

Her brother - God, she loved being able to think that, let alone say it - didn't count, on the basis that he was family. Some may argue that he hadn't always been so, but Jeanne would disagree. After all, he'd been acting as a sibling together with being a sort-of-parental-figure in her life ever since he took her in. It was just that it had taken them some time to acknowledge their relationship for what it was.

And from there… Well, she hadn't really been that sociable even with a supporting family, she supposed.

"Until the creatures of sin," The voices whispered in her head, making her hum to herself. They weren't very pleased with that, but it wasn't anything bad, Jeanne had already determined.

Until the Devils had come in, the voices meant. Jeanne didn't know what it said about her that she'd needed to make a deal with a Devil to get friends, but she was sure it wasn't very flattering. Then again, said like that it sounded worse than it was… but not by much, sadly.

"Unfortunate circumstances," The voices reassured but Jeanne wondered if it wasn't her own fault, at least a little. She hadn't been precisely a social butterfly or even tried to hide the voices' existence much. It had always felt… too much like a part of her to be hidden. "Unfortunate circumstances and less than ideal encounters," They corrected and she stifled a laugh. Well, if they were blaming the people she met, then she guessed they must be right. They always were, after all.

Still, Kuisha was great and Coriana, once she'd met the other blonde, was nice too. Going out with them had been… liberating, in a way. To be able to do what she'd always only been able to see from the sidelines had been yet another little wake up call that her life wasn't what it was in the past anymore.

She had a family and friends.

She had people that cared.

"The Savior and his familiars are a blessing to celebrate," A lonely voice commented, earning the other's and Jeanne's complete agreement.

Jeanne looked then, as Morag jumped on the counter next to her, carefully staying away from the food. Joshua had decided to go re-set Sairaorg's training array by himself. While she wasn't a fan, Jeanne could understand wanting to bring less people to what was only a short job. At least, that's what she understood. Most of Joshua's ward babble went over her head spectacularly, after all. Besides, with Nagini's change making her so big, it had become a little difficult to move as much as they did before.

Not that the serpent seemed to care that much. Thus, they'd all decided to stay at the house. Cheshire and Nagini were content to do their own thing, occasionally going out to train for a bit. It was like they wanted to prove that they were his familiars, as if it weren't obvious already by how they were almost always present next to him. Then again, they'd been doing that less lately, so there was that.

"Like Mage like partners," Some voices concluded.

Jeanne, for her part, stayed with Margalo on her shoulder as she went about preparing a meal for when Joshua came back. He didn't seem to realize why she'd been so eager to learn how to cook and, to be honest, Jeanne didn't feel inclined to tell him really. It was a little silly, but it was important to her.

That first day, when he'd picked her up, he'd told her that he wouldn't mind if she helped around the house. Desperate, Jeanne had told him that she could cook and clean. Now, that later one had been the truth, but the former? That had been a blatant lie. A stupid one too, in hindsight, but she just couldn't afford him deciding not to take her in at the time.

Fortunately, Joshua seemed to have forgotten that as soon as she said it or something because he never asked her to cook. Neither did he even seem to remember when she'd first started her attempts at the culinary arts. Regardless of that though, Jeanne still wanted to learn, to repay him in some small way for what he'd done for her. Even if it was such a small thing as cooking meals for him, she'd take it.

After all, she had already accepted that she never would be able to actually pay him back for everything.

"The Savior doesn't need nor want payment," The voices disagreed. "Thus, the reason why he keeps on giving."

Her smile widened a little, remembering all the times he'd stop whatever he was doing to teach her how to cook. It worked against the entire purpose of what she'd been trying to accomplish, taking even more from his kindness. However, Jeanne never could bring herself to complain. She enjoyed taking the time to do something with her, be it helping her study something, teaching her something or just accompanying her for shopping.

He also never complained, not really. He could grumble and pull faces, but if he did it, it was because he wanted to. After all, Jeanne had nothing to force him to do anything. Hell, he was the one with that power, she was the one that owed him a debt. And yet, Joshua seemed to be perfectly content with just being her brother.

"Jeanne Davis," The voices said. They seemed almost as fond of saying it as she herself was of hearing it. "A fine name."

'A fine name indeed.'

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

'Well, it worked alright,' Joshua thought as he re-checked his new training wards. He'd already set them at Sairaorg's place, but the two of them had agreed that it was safer to test them on the Devils than on humans first. However, that left the doubt of if they worked for both or just for the formers. 'Why is using new wards always so stressful?' He asked himself with a grimace.

Especially the ward he was currently starting to use.

[Restorative Ward - Lvl 1/50

An Offensive Ward which the user can cast to boost the regeneration of targets.

Requires a Wardstone of Offensive Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - D to ∞

Consumption without circle - B to ∞]

Joshua himself wasn't completely sure why it needed an offensive Wardstone, if he was honest. To be fair, however, none of the books he'd read offered an actual answer to that question either. The most he could gather was that the Offensive Wardstones were used to affect things inside, Defensive ones to affect things outside and Special ones for… well, special purposes that weren't quite covered by the other two. Even then, that theory had holes everywhere, but it was the best guess he'd managed to piece together after reading through more books than he cared to count.

Regardless, the ward worked, at least on Devils. Now, it was time to see if it worked on Joshua and then on the rest of his little band of misfits. It was perfect for his training array too, if he understood how exercising worked, which he was pretty sure he did. The ward would have the side effect of being very draining, since it drew from their own bodies' energy and resources to heal instead of the magic in the Wardstone. That was only used to guide the process, not power it. There was another ward that did that, but it required much more energy to be set up and, really, the one he had worked just fine for Joshua's purposes.

[Restorative Ward has gone up a level.]

He nodded at the screen, as if it confirmed that the ward worked. It didn't, but it was something, he supposed. Joshua took a look at his arm, where he had a small bruise from a fight with Jeanne's dummy swords. He couldn't feel it healing, but Magic Sense picked up on the energies being woven by the ward.

'No immediate unexpected effects,' He wrote down in a notebook as he continued keeping tabs on the ward. After that, he settled and waited while looking at his familiars train.

Morag was currently standing on one of Jeanne's swords. They had decided that, with her change, she was probably ready for some resistance training. They were starting with Cold though, just in case. After all, it was something that she could approach without too much to worry about so long as she didn't go overboard. Considering that the sword drew magic from her to work, he doubted she even could do much to herself. If nothing else, any damage she might incur should be easily repaired.

Nagini, for her part, was currently squeezing the life out of a tree. Sometimes, Joshua was sure he could hear the wood cracking under the pressure. It wouldn't surprise him much, really, since the snake was now magical in nature. Occasionally, Nagini would also look at one of the other people training and hit them either with a Leer or a Disable. Not only did that help her train, but it also keep everyone else on their toes, which was good too.

As for his first familiar, Cheshire had taken a little 'break', as she usually did. It wasn't really such, but she did leave the ward range for that part of her training. Training that consisted of going into the forest and hunting things, either for herself or her fellow familiars. He'd sometimes catch a glimpse of her dashing through the woods on her chases, but such was not the case that day, it seemed.

Eventually, he was distracted by Jeanne's spar against her own sword dummies. His sister was still getting used to numerous opponents, but no longer were they pushing her around, at least. That was progress and it was all that Joshua cared about, even if the girl insisted on pushing herself too far sometimes. 'And she tells me I go overboard with wards, she should see herself trying with her swords,' He thought with a wry smile.

Turning back to his notebook, he noted: '5 Minutes, No Unexpected Effects'. He was about to note that he was feeling the effects already, but he wasn't sure if that was just his imagination or not. After a moment of pause, he decided to write that down too, just in case, with a little mark on the side for further confirmation. 'Hm… Well, might as well do something while I wait.'

"Hey, Jeanne!" He called, making his adopted sister stop her training for a moment to turn towards him. Meanwhile, he stood up, took out a pair of daggers from a card and approached her. Judging by the wide grin that adorned her face at that moment, she knew exactly what he wanted. "Up for a spar?"

"Of course," She replied instantly.

Was it weird that his sister loved to fight so much? Maybe, but considering everything, there were worse hobbies for her to have in the world they lived in. 'And with Kuisha and Coriana in the picture, I don't have to accompany her shopping as much anymore.'

Thank God for small blessings.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I doubt this chapter was very interesting to anyone, but I had lots of fun writing it. Hopefully I'm wrong and you did like it, but if not, then I apologize.

Random Question: Do you have a favorite in Rias's peerage? Mine is Koneko. She's adorable and quiet, as simple as that.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 346 others
Adrian King
Jul 5, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 32 - They Gather Around You New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#153
They Gather Around You

Joshua smiled indulgently down at Margalo. The bird was almost ready to start flying, they knew. 'Any day now,' He thought to himself as he activated his Storage Spell. This time, he did it without a card, which is to say without a circle. He'd started doing that occasionally. He had enough magic to do that without having to worry too much, so long as he didn't overdo it.

From the spell came out one of the insects Cheshire had brought for little Margalo to eat. As he watched the swift eat in a way befitting of her species name, Joshua smiled softly. 'Wonder what's going on here though,' He mused as he eyed a screen off to the side.

[Margalo - 10/25]

The bird's bond level seemed to have stopped going up at that. More concerning still was the fact that all his familiars had become such at that level but Margalo remained as she'd been all the time, in terms of Status, at least. 'Maybe it's got to do with her being a nestling? As good a guess as any,' He considered with a mental shrug. 'Or maybe I've already got all the familiars I could?' He wondered then, unsure of how he would feel about that. It would be a shame, that's for sure.

Cheshire's meow snapped him from his thoughts before he could spiral a little too much on those ideas. Instead, the cat walked on the table towards him and rubbed her head against his hand. Smiling gratefully, Joshua decided to reward her with some pets that she always loved to get.

"What would I do without you, girl?" He asked, trying to imagine such a scenario. He'd probably have died to the Hunter, he guessed. A pitiful death that would have been too. A death to Morag too, which made it even worse. "Did I ever thank you for all that you did for me? For all that you still do?"

The feline simply meowed again, almost preening under his gaze.

Then he leaned back on his couch.

"This place is pretty silent when Jeanne isn't around," He commented idly. "Maybe I should see about hanging out with Sairaorg and his people. They seem to like their training, so we can definitely do that together. Do you think he'd like that?"

He wasn't very sure, but he thought Cheshire rolled her eyes at him when he asked that. Morag and Margalo stopped moving and just turned towards him. Even Nagini raised her head from his lap to look at him.

"What? It's a valid question! I wouldn't like someone to just butt into our training, you know?" He defended himself, placing a hand over his chest. "Besides, I'm pretty sure they are, like, absurdly out of my league. It might just be annoying for them to have someone weaker than them there."

That earned him a roll of all of his familiars' eyes, even little Margalo.

"I see how it is, huh? Next thing I know Morag won't want me to draw her webs or Margalo will stop wanting to ride on my shoulder," He lamented, his shoulders slumping down. "My own familiars," He sighed.

Little Margalo, the poor thing, seemed to think he was quite serious with all that, because she dropped the look she'd been giving him to concernedly chirp something at him. Smiling reassuringly, he rubbed under her beak with his finger. He still gave the rest of the lot an unimpressed look, even if it seemed to have no effect whatsoever on them.

"Honestly, and you wonder why I spend more time with Margalo," He grumbled to himself. "Besides-"

He was interrupted abruptly by a magic circle that appeared right in front of him. Without a single doubt, Joshua triggered all his wards. He'd cast many around the Hunter's House even before they'd moved there. After having Sairaorg and Kuisha power the wardstones, the two of them had admitted that even they wouldn't be able to do much under those. It had taken him time and lots of work, but his place was a fortress.

Or so he'd thought, at least.

The person that appeared there was almost making a mockery of his defenses, just standing there like he didn't have a care in the world. It was like the several layers of Draining, Weighting, Weakening and Deterring Wards were doing absolutely nothing to him. The man even had the gall to look vaguely amused at most.

"Hm, I'd heard that you were good," The uninvited guest commented, apparently not noticing Nagini's Leer nor her Disable. Instead, the man looked around as if the house was the most fascinating thing ever. "These wards are much better than I'd heard though. Then again, few understand wards as well as a warder, right?"

Joshua's eye twitched at the man's casual tone. His fingers itched to summon a pair of knives. Setan Kober even, since this man seemed to be stronger than anything he'd faced so far. However, he knew, deep down, that he stood no chance of winning that fight.

"Who are you?" He muttered through gritted teeth. He thought he was over feeling this helpless. Ever since the Hunter, he'd always stood a chance. Until that moment, at least. All his training, all his studies, all his work… for nothing.

"I think a better question in this situation would be what I want, don't you?" The man asked back conversationally as he looked at the couch in front of Joshua's armchair. Without a care in the world, the 'guest' took a seat there and proceeded to eye Joshua curiously. "As for the answer to that question, it'd be that I'm intrigued about what I've heard and found out."

Joshua really, really wanted to tell the man to get to the fucking point, but he thought that would be somewhat rude. Maybe. Not that the man could speak, arriving into someone else's home uninvited. Granted, Joshua wasn't going to say that to his face, but he could think it, at least.

"You see, I was rather curious when I heard about a magician that didn't come from any association. They aren't that rare, but a warder with such a situation is," The man explained, as if Joshua had asked him or something. "So, when word reached me about this, I wanted to meet you. I was in no hurry though, so I decided to wait and see if I found anything else. However, someone asked me for a favor and I couldn't say no, you see. So, I came to see how good you were for myself."

"So, you found that I'm a novice and will leave me alone?" Joshua couldn't stop himself from asking, trying not to sound too hopeful. He had his pride in his wards, but if being good would put him in this man's sight, then he'd prefer to be a bad warder.

"Well, as I heard, you are certainly no master," The man admitted with a nod. "However, you are on par with the average warder, which is a great compliment to you, considering your situation."

At any other moment, Joshua would have felt flattered by such words indeed. Not then though, not at all. A pit formed in his stomach as he regarded the man warily.

"You have nothing to fear from me, Joshua Davis," The man said then, doing exactly the opposite of what he was trying to do. Saying his name out loud so casually certainly didn't make him feel less threatening to Joshua, that was for sure. "Some people rather high up wanted to know more about your skill. Now I can tell them that you are certainly competent."

'This is about Rias and Sona, right?' Joshua guessed instantly. It wasn't a huge leap, really, considering that those were the only connections he had to 'high up' people.

"I see you pieced it together," The man commented, sounding approving of all things. 'Is he reading my mind?' "I'm not," He denied, really not convincing Joshua at all, if he was honest. "But people are easy to read when they are surprised and or scared, which I'm pretty sure you are. I apologize for the latter, sincerely."

"As far as I understand…" Joshua started then, trying to remain somewhat calm despite the situation. "You got what you wanted. What are you still doing here?" He asked, trying not to sound too offending.

"Well, for one, some of your wards are rather interesting. I'd really like to talk about those," The man commented. At any other moment, Joshua would have been ecstatic to have someone to talk about wards with. Not then though, and he realized that kind of thing was happening more than he would have expected that day. "However, you are right, I might have overstayed my welcome."

'You didn't have it in the first place, but sure, let's go with that,' Joshua thought, but kept to himself.

"As it is, I'd like to tell you that you are under no risk from either Lord Lucifer nor Lady Leviathan. As long as you treat their sisters right, that is, as I'm sure you will," The man commented, and while it didn't reassure Joshua much, it actually did do it the smallest bit. Anything that improved his situation on that front was welcome. Even this strange guy that had popped inside his home. 'What has my life come to?'

"Well… thanks for that, I guess," Joshua replied awkwardly.

"You are welcome. Now, I'm sure we'll see each other soon. With that said," The man snapped his hand forward and something flew towards Joshua, who almost jumped out of the way. That is, before he realized what it actually was.

'The fuck?' He thought as he snatched the flier out of the air.

"Be sure to call if you feel up to talking about your wards. A few of them have interesting ideas behind them," The man commented as a circle appeared underneath him. A teleportation one, if Joshua's experience and Magic Sense were right.

"I don't even know who you are," Joshua blurted out before he could stop himself.

"Ajuka Astaroth, at your service," The man introduced himself. "But some call me Lord Beelzebub."

And with that, the man disappeared.

"I think I was better off not knowing," Joshua mumbled numbly as he let himself fall against the couch and just… relax. "Why the fuck does this stuff happen to me, girls? Did I do something to deserve this?"

None of his familiars replied to him. None except Cheshire who simply gave him a look he was sure was full of pity. It was slightly insulting, but at that moment he was too… overwhelmed, really.

"I'm so glad Jeanne wasn't here," Joshua said then, taking some comfort in the presence of his familiars. Besides Cheshire, because she was mean. "I really need a cup of tea though," He added, feeling how, with the fear, the energy seemed to leave his body.

Margalo chirped curiously.

"It's fine, girl," He mumbled, wishing he had the energy to sit up and nudge her with his finger, just like she liked. Thankfully, his cat familiar - 'Is it lynx? I'm still getting confused over that.' - did so for him. Maybe she wasn't so bad after all. "Thanks, Cheshire," He said with a weary smile before sighing. "Is it too much to ask for a month without anything crazy happening?"

Both, Cheshire and Nagini gave their own response to that, neither of which was very reassuring for him. Morag, for her part, climbed her way to the back of his hand and gave him a slight, comforting pat with her leg. Margalo though, blew the three of them away with what she did. The little bird chirped something animatedly at him before she charged from where she was on the coffee table. Then she spread her wings, flapped them a little and landed on his lap before pecking his jeans lightly.

"Did Margalo just fly?" Joshua asked, and none of his familiars replied, too busy staring at the bird who seemed pretty proud of herself, preening under their gazes. "Does that count as flying? I'm counting it as flying," He asked and then decided, picking little Margalo up as a grin slowly grew on his face, threatening to split it in two. "You flew, Margalo! You are amazing, you beautiful, beautiful thing!"

[Bond: Margalo has gone up a level.]

[Bond: Margalo has gone up a level.]

[Bond: Margalo has gone up a level.]

Those screens almost surprised the excitement out of him, almost but not quite. Instead, they only made him happier. Instantly, he cast Appraisal on her just to see if anything had changed. Indeed, it had.

[Margalo

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Familiar Bird

Gender: Female

Strength: E

Speed: E

Dexterity: E

Vitality: E

Perception: E

Magic: F

Perks: 1

Skills: 2]

'It happened,' Joshua thought as he nudged the little bird with his finger, still grinning like a loon. 'You are officially my familiar too, Margalo,' He added. 'And that was quite the boost to her stats too. She had barely reached F rank in all her stats before this,' He mused curiously, but never quite getting over his excitement.

"I think this deserves a celebration, yeah?" He asked, receiving a happy chirp from the little bird.

[}-o-{]​

"I can't believe I missed it!" Jeanne whined loudly and Joshua could only chuckle as he prepared their meal. The girl had, once she returned from her outing and found out what had happened, refused to leave Margalo's side until she could see the bird fly. Which wouldn't have been a problem if the swift didn't enjoy the attention so much she seemed to be holding out on the teenager.

Joshua could probably have just asked for Margalo to humor Jeanne but… 'Where would be the fun in that?' He thought, holding back a laugh.

"We can just buy something, Joshua. You don't have to cook for all of us," Kuisha tried once more and the man rolled his eyes at her. She'd been going at it ever since he invited her and Coriana to eat with them once they brought Jeanne back home from their outing.

"Kuisha, please. Let me do my brotherly duty-" He started before a smirk formed on his face. "-and embarrass Jeanne in front of her friends."

"What?" Said girl asked from where she sat in the living room. The Devil in front of him, meanwhile, blinked at his 'reason'. Coriana caught on quickly though, letting out a giggle, probably at the face Jeanne was making in front of her.

"Like, you two wouldn't believe the things she tried on when I took her shopping," He started, bringing a plate with some snacks for them to eat while he cooked. "There was this one shirt-"

"Josh!" Jeanne protested, finally recovering from her surprise, face growing increasingly more red by the second. "Please," She whined.

"Ok ok, I won't tell them," He reassured her before chuckling and shaking his head. When he went back to the kitchen and walked behind Jeanne though, he mouthed 'later' to both Devils, who seemed to have a hard time containing their mirth. 'Man, sure makes me wish I'd gotten a sibling before,' He thought, his smile turning the slightest bit sad once he reached the counter with what he was preparing.

'You'd like Jeanne, mum, dad,' He thought, not for the first time. For once though, the memory of his family didn't come with depressing thoughts but only… slightly bitter ones. He'd have loved to have them with him but his life… He was happy with it, he found. His life was a mess, with all the supernatural bullshit being thrown around and problems that he'd much rather not deal with, but over all, he was content.

"Do you need any help?" Kuisha asked, apparently unable to take his hospitality without offering something. Which was funny for Joshua, really, since she was a Devil. He sure wouldn't have expected that attitude from one before meeting them.

In the end, he sighed, resigning himself.

"Well, if you insist," He agreed reluctantly, rolling his eyes as the Devil beamed at him.

"So, is there anything new you are working with? Jeanne says you are always tinkering and as far as I know, you finished the training array project you had going," Kuisha asked, sounding genuinely curious instead of just prodding for information for her King.

"Well, I've been reading through the Spatial Magic books you guys gave me a while back," He told her as he started working, occasionally pointing out something she could do. "I think I found something that could improve both my wards and the ones I'm planning on putting around Rias and Sona."

"Not for us? Should we be jealous?" She teased and he chuckled.

"Nah, it's just that it wouldn't be very useful for your group, if at all," He explained with a shrug.

"Is that so?"

"Yeah," Joshua nodded, as always, happy to tell someone about his projects. "You see, I'm thinking of placing a ward for emergencies that will-"

"Are you flirting with my brother while I'm in the other room?" Jeanne called out, earning a laugh from Coriana and a slight blush from Kuisha.

"Jeanne!" The Devil protested. "I'm just helping to be polite. You could do the same, by the way, Coriana."

"I think you've got it handled, Kuisha," Her fellow peerage member replied, waving the whole thing off.

"As for you," Kuisha hissed, walking towards the passage between the kitchen and the living room to point at Jeanne. The girl seemed to grow nervous all of a sudden from what he could see as he followed her. Almost immediately after, he was caught off guard when Kuisha's finger turned towards him. "You sure you don't want to tell us any stories, Joshua?" She asked with a sweet, but very fake tone.

"Kuisha!" Jeanne protested indignantly. "I was just joking!"

"I'm just joking too," The Devil replied with an innocent smile that fooled absolutely no one.

"So, Joshua, spill," Coriana all but demanded, making him chuckle.

"Cori!" Jeanne whined. "I thought we were friends!"

"Exactly, which is why I have to do this," The Devil defended herself and Joshua could almost hear the shit-eating grin on her face even if she was holding it back fairly well. "So, about those stories?"

Joshua looked on at the scene in front of him with a greatly amused smile on his face. It was nice to see Jeanne enjoying some time with her friends, even if at that moment she probably wished he wasn't there at all. He knew she liked hanging with them, of course, but since they always went by themselves. Thus, he'd never been able to witness it himself.

Now then, as he'd said, it was his duty as her brother to 'help' her, right?

"Well, you see," He started.

"Josh! I'll sick your familiars on you!" She threatened. She sure sounded confident with that statement. Raising an eyebrow, he looked at said animals. All of them regarded him for a moment before giving him the go ahead in their own ways. "Guys?" Jeanne asked, clearly not having seen that betrayal coming.

"I think you didn't give the 'your familiars' part there enough credit, Jeanne," Joshua commented. "So, there was me, waiting for Jeanne who seemed to be super excited about trying on a shirt she'd found on. She hadn't even let me see it. A surprise, I believe she wanted it to be. And oh was it a surprise when she came out and I saw it…"

The sound of Jeanne lamenting her incoming shame was music to his ears.

[}-o-{]​

"What do you think?" Joshua asked, looking down at the two cards he'd placed on the table. The circle in them was of the same branch of magic, but nothing like the Storage Spell he'd drawn on most of his. It was time to try a new Spatial spell, finally.

Cheshire and Nagini, who were watching him work at the moment, regarded the cards as if they actually knew how they worked. Then they turned towards him and gave their equivalent of a shrug. Joshua raised an eyebrow at them, unimpressed.

"Thanks for the vote of confidence, girls," He deadpanned at them. They replied just as sarcastically with a meow and a hiss respectively. He rolled his eyes at them. "Anyway," He mumbled to himself. "Let's try this out and hope it doesn't explode, yeah?" As calmly as he could manage, he pulled two water bottles from one of his storage cards and placed them over the new circles. He'd made sure they didn't look too similar for this little experiment.

Moving his hand over it, he cast the spell which made the circles shine a dull gray just like his other Spatial one did. He felt the drain on his reserves, but it was exactly what he'd expected, so he tried to keep himself from feeling too nervous. Then, in an instant, there was the slightest flash of light from both circles and then…

The bottles had switched places.

[Spell Unlocked: Switch Spell]

'Good,' Joshua thought, sighing. 'Good,' He repeated, placing a hand on Nagini's head who was peeking over his shoulder. 'It worked well and I got the skill, that's perfect. Now, let's see,' He continued as he called for the specific screen.

[Switch Spell - Lvl 1/50

A Spatial Spell which the user can cast to make similar targets exchange places.

The user can switch up to 1 target.

Consumption with circle – E

Consumption without circle – C]

'Kind of the same principle of the Storage Spell, huh? Increasing number with level. I can work with that. Although… That will be very situational. Can't think of many situations where I would want to switch more than a few things at a time, especially since I need them to be similar,' He considered for a moment, taking the cup of tea he'd almost forgotten about and sipping from it. 'The book did say that 'similar' would get a little more flexible with time. Maybe that means with levels for me? Guess I'll see.'

"Now then," He mumbled, turning a few pages on a notebook to his side. "I just need to find a way to incorporate this into a ward and tweak that so that they can activate it whenever they want. I have to make it kid friendly too. Sona seems capable, but is no warder herself. Have to see if she or someone else can learn to trigger wards at will, I guess. If not, that'll complicate matters a little bit," He continued as his familiars nodded along.

He'd found that saying his thoughts out loud to someone helped him work better. Rubber duck method, he was sure it was called. Or, at least, something along those lines. His familiars had been nice enough to let him do that with them… occasionally.

"Can't wait to get some actual teleportation done, you know," He said then, actually speaking to them this time. "That'll certainly come in handy, don't you think? It's a shame that I'm pretty sure I don't have enough magic for that. Should be able to at least try it soon, I think, even if it leaves me exhausted."

Cheshire meowed at that, both of them looked interested in that too.

"Maybe we can get some traveling done once I get the hang of that. There's places all over the world that have become much more interesting now that I know religion, myths and legends have some truth behind them," Joshua continued talking. "I was always a fan of Greek Mythology. Visiting over there should be fun."

Then his mind reminded himself of some of the myths he knew about.

"On second thought, maybe we should leave that for later," He corrected with a wry smile.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I… don't actually have much to say about this chapter. Of course, there's the usual being unsure, but I feel like I kind of repeat myself a lot regarding that. I think I'll try to tone down on that, but no promises.

I quite liked writing the scene with Jeanne and the Devils though, I'll say that.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you have a favorite mythology? Mine is the Greek one, even if it's very messed up.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 344 others
Adrian King
Jul 5, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 33 - I’ll Face The Weather Before Me New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#157
I'll Face The Weather Before Me

"Man, why did I think this was a good idea?" Joshua grumbled as he sat at a stone bench on the side of an open field. From a card, he pulled out a bottle of water. 'Thank God they stay cool,' He thought as he gulped down the cold drink.

"Because you are a training enthusiast like me?" Sairaorg asked from next to him, looking just as exhausted.

"More like training maniac," Joshua corrected with a wry smile. Joining the Bael's peerage training had been both a great and a terrible idea. They were clearly very good at fighting and knew what they were doing. However, they were also very obviously far out of his league.

Even after placing several Weighting, Weakening and Draining wards around the training area, Joshua hardly stood a chance. Mostly because he didn't want to power them down too much, of course. They wouldn't have benefited nearly as much if he restrained them like that. Furthermore, it was a good way to practice against someone that was better than him too, even if it sucked.

"You can't tell me you didn't enjoy yourself," The Devil pointed out with a smirk that was entirely too smug. "Can't say the same about Beluga though," He added, turning to his Knight, who was sprawled on the ground.

The poor guy had been set up against Joshua's familiars, with the exception of Margalo. He'd thought it'd be an easy fight, the unlucky bastard. Evidently, he hadn't known what he was getting himself into.

He had an interesting ability though. He could make copies of things like his spears and himself. That was a neat trick, yes. However, it didn't do Beluga any favors, really.

Morag had jumped around and made it basically rain poison on the copies with her Poison Shot and Poison Web. Moreover, Sairaorg's peerage clearly wasn't used to fighting smaller enemies, because Beluga had some real trouble trying to nail the spider down. That alone would have caused him trouble, yes, but Nagini wasn't far behind her fellow poisonous familiar.

The snake had wasted absolutely no time slithering around and hitting every Beluga copy that she could with Leer and Disable. There were still some that were frozen on the ground. She'd even taken out some of those, wrapping around them and just squeezing them until they gave up.

Cheshire had been the meanest of the bunch though, because she'd charged in her lynx form through the small army of knights. Joshua's first familiar had gone straight towards the original Beluga, likely through liberal use of Extrasensory. Agility had made sure that neither the guy nor his copies could touch her. From there, she'd basically danced around him using her claws again and again, leaving Beluga's armor looking like it would crumble under a small breeze.

"I mean, he was quite powered down though," Joshua pointed out, even as he all but preened, proud of his familiar's work.

"I know, but it's still quite impressive. I think I'll set them up against my other members, if you don't mind," Sairaorg commented, earning panicked looks from his peerage behind him. Immediately, they started shaking their heads, pleading silently to Joshua.

However, unfortunately for them, the human was fresh out of mercy after the beating he'd received from practically everyone else.

"Sure," He replied with a wide grin as Sairaorg's group paled. The King, for his part, simply laughed, sounding quite pleased. "We are not doing this too often though. I'm beat," He added then, with a groan.

"Well, whenever you feel like joining, give me a call," Sairaorg replied what a wave of his hand. "We are almost always training anyway."

"Sounds like a plan, Sairaorg," Joshua said, wearily running his fingers through his hair and sighing. "Well, I better get going before Jeanne comes back home. Gotta shower and get started with dinner."

"It was good having you, Joshua," Sairaorg told him, grinning all the while. "Truly. Don't hesitate to ask if you feel like coming again. Having people other than ourselves to fight against will be good for us," He commented as they started walking towards the teleportation circle for Joshua to go back.

"Yeah, same. Jeanne's sword dummies are good and all, but having real opponents is different," Joshua replied, imagining that they had much the same problem with Beluga's duplication. "Do you think the girls will stay for dinner today?" He asked then, as they approached their destination.

"Hm, Kuisha said something about not wanting to cook today and Coriana is never too eager for that," Sairaorg answered, his smile turning into a grimace. "So, I'd guess that's likely," He lamented.

"Well, it is what it is," Joshua commented, grinning at the man. "Maybe I can invite the lot of you for a meal sometime soon," He added, thoughtful. "You are paying though."

"Sure," Sairairg agreed instantly. "If the girls' comments are anything to go by, it'll be money well spent."

"I might have to charge you for the food altogether," Joshua pointed out then. "These outings between the girls are draining my wallet, man," He grumbled to himself before cracking his neck. 'Can't wait to get home. Might just pass out.' The fact that Nagini stopped him to slither her way up to wrap around his chest wasn't helping, really.

"Well, ask for money next time you set a ward and you probably won't have to worry about money… ever," Sairaorg pointed out and it was a fair enough argument. It was just that… he preferred getting books instead. He didn't need money, really. 'At least I didn't before,' He mused with a wry smile.

Not that Joshua really cared about that. He'd much prefer to be short on money than Jeanne not having friends. He knew that she'd give that up in a second if he told her anything, but he didn't want to do that. It was a problem easily solved anyway.

"Yeah, I guess I'll do that. See you around, Sairaorg."

"See you later, Joshua."

A moment later, the circle over him vanished and he found himself in his living room. 'Wonder if Sona and Rias would mind if I add some money to the price for their wards? I doubt it but… Eh, it should be fine so long as I don't ask for much. Don't think what we earn will survive many of these outings of Jeanne,' He thought, letting himself fall on the couch and petting Cheshire when she jumped on his lap.

Still, he found himself smiling. He had friends, Jeanne had friends, his new family was going alright. He could almost forget about the Satans and the Church. Almost, but not quite.

Even then, he was content.

[}-o-{]​

"Hm, yes, this'll work," Joshua mused as he looked around the room he'd been given to start setting down wards. Next to him, Sona and Rias accompanied him as he checked every small detail he could think of that could mess up the process. This wasn't a ward like the ones he'd set at the beginning. Doing it on top of a table or something like that just wouldn't do.

These wards needed to be perfect.

The room had been made exactly as he specified, which he was pleased about. It was a small empty place under Kuoh Academy, the school Rias and Sona were attending with their peerages. Why was that? Joshua had no idea and, frankly, he also didn't much care.

"This'll work just fine," Joshua repeated, nodding to himself as he took a deep breath in and let it out. "I can get started at any moment."

"That's great," Sona replied, pushing her glasses up. "We can leave, if you need us to," She added, giving him what he thought was supposed to be a supporting expression. The girl wasn't very expressive, so he couldn't be sure.

"You can stay, just stay out of the circles I'll draw," He told them as he pulled out a card and used the Storage Spell drawn on it to get his supplies. Then he closed his eyes, mentally going over the wards he was going to set up that day. He'd made the array in such an extensive way that he'd have to do it through several visits.

It was one of the many things that he'd do differently for that job.

"Are you looking, girl?" He whispered then, as he turned his head down. He felt Morag pull on the hairs of his head. "Let's get started then," He added, his eyes narrowing and his hands moving to start drawing the circles.

There'd be many layers to the wards, but first of all he was going to set up the groundwork for the Illusion that would keep track of everything. That was necessary for Rias, Sona and whoever else they added to that list, to be able to check the wards' information. After all, the work would be next to useless if they couldn't access it until the very end.

With that done, he wiped his forehead with his sleeve. He was just getting started, but he was so tense he might as well have been at it for hours. 'I really should smack Sairaorg around for setting this whole mess up,' He mused idly as he started drawing again.

The next thing to do was the set of wards for their Pantheon. First one of those was the basic one that would detect Holy and Demonic energies. Then there was one that targeted Devils, Fallen Angels and Angels. From there came the wards that would point out half-bloods of those. It became trickier after that, because he had to make sure he covered every possibility, like someone being a three quarter Fallen Angel or someone being a descendant of a Devil by a few generations.

He also made sure that he could catch the disturbed energies of a Stray Devil too. Same with an Angel that was flickering between falling and not. Apparently, those had different readings than normal Devils and Angels too, so that had to be covered. It became more complicated when one had to take mixed blood into that equation too.

Lots of little variables, that was the summary for wards, really.

Now, the next thing on the list was supposed to be Sacred Gears, which was a pain in the ass too. Especially since most of them had very specific readings to find and there were a shit ton of the things around. Low Tier, Mid Tier, High Tier, Longinus, subspecies of all of those. Sacred Gears were a nightmare. If God truly had made them, Joshua would have a few words with the guy, because goddamnit were they difficult to ward for.

[Detection Ward has gone up a level.]

By the time he was done with all that, he was sweaty, his hands were cramped and his mind all but dead. It made sense and it was expected, really. He'd set similar wards around his home, yes, but he'd done that over the span of months not hours.

"You two doing alright?" He asked the two Devils. He was fairly sure he'd set the Draining Wards that would power the rest of the array well. He'd made them weak, calculating to have to cut the effect the next time he had to come to continue the set up. However, there was always the chance of something going awry, so it was best to check.

"We are fine, Joshua, thanks for asking," Rias replied with a smile. A look from his part and an amused nod from Sona told him that she was the same. 'Ok, good, but…'

"Just give me a call if the Draining Wards become too much," He told them. "I think I did a good job, but mistakes can be made. No need to put up with it, yeah?"

"We'll keep that in mind, Joshua, thank you," Sona reassured him this time and he nodded.

Then, he took a deep breath in and stood up, stretching both his back and his hands. Morag, in the meantime, jumped on his shoulder and walked down his arm. He smiled wearily at her.

"Had fun, girl?" He asked with an indulgent smile as the spider excitedly danced around and in between his fingers. It was kind of hypnotic, how she would move flawlessly even when he moved his hand. "I'll take that as a yes. Well," He started then turning to the two girls, who were smiling at the two of them. "We are done for now. I'll come within the next week to set up the Youkai set of wards. Make sure you study the manual for the illusion display, yes? I've already linked you two and your Queens. If you want anyone else with an in on that, let me know next time, yeah?"

Both of them, and him a second later, nodded.

"President?" Joshua heard someone say as they stepped out of the ward room. He turned to see Akeno - 'That was her name, right?' - with a tray in her hands and a few cups on it. 'Man, I could really use some of that,' He thought, almost cheering when the girl stiffly offered him one. He could do without that attitude, but the tea smelled good so he'd ignore that.

"This is great tea," He said, smiling down at the cup in his hands. It really was. Even him, with his Cooking skill's boost, probably couldn't have made one as good.

"Thank you, Mr. Davis," The girl told him, his grin turning strained at the address. 'I did tell them to call me Joshua, right?' He thought withholding a grimace. Evidently, she still held a grudge for revealing what she was, for whatever reason.

Then he turned and…

Stared.

Jeanne was there, sitting with… 'Rias's Knight, was it? The one with a Mid-Tier Sacred Gear?' He tried to remember. He knew that much at least, because he'd had to in order to set up the wards. 'His name was…' He thought about it for a long moment but nothing came to mind. 'Man, I'm terrible at this,' He lamented before sighing.

"You finished?" Asked the white haired girl that was, at the moment, simply sitting on a couch and eating snacks. Joshua almost laughed as he saw Cheshire walking around her and pressing her head against her every so often. It seemed that she had a favorite.

'Not that surprising, considering she's a Nekoshou,' Joshua thought. Rias had told him that for the wards too, but she'd made him swear he wouldn't mention that or Akeno's condition. Nor the existence of her Bishop either. 'That girl has some serious trouble going on if she has that many secrets,' Joshua couldn't help but think.

"We are," Sona confirmed, earning a nod from the people that were present from her peerage. A white haired girl too, with a somewhat normal background. A girl that came from a magical home. And a girl that had been cursed by a Youkai.

Man, had that last one been an interesting one to take into account for the wards. It did provide some insight on Youkai related wards. It was a shame that Rias wouldn't allow him to work with the Nekoshou to help with that.

"Joshua, can you stop thinking about wards for five minutes?" Jeanne asked, exasperated, snapping him from his thoughts. "Honestly."

"Well, should I think about giving him a shovel talk then?" He asked, nodding towards the blond Knight and making his sister develop quite the blush, if he said so himself. Chuckling, he shook his head. He did notice that the boy remained silent though, even if he schooled his features quite well.

"Isn't she heavy?" He heard a quiet voice ask and he turned to see the Nekoshou. Her name was… something with Neko, if he remembered correctly. He wasn't sure if having a name like that was funny or insulting, really, so he'd refrained from commenting.

He'd never been one to be good at remembering names, but it was worse with these people, for whatever reason. It was also much more annoying when it happened. He should remember…

'It's probably nothing,' He thought.

"She isn't," He replied with a shrug, gently running his fingers on Nagini. He'd barely noticed when the snake had slither her way up his body as they came out of the ward room. "A bit too big to be carried, I gotta admit. But she likes it and I like carrying her. I got used to it when she was smaller," He explained with a small smile on his face.

The girl then simply hummed in response. She wasn't one to talk much, Joshua had been quick to realize. That was fine with him, he wasn't the most sociable anyway.

"The cat likes you a lot," She said then, out of nowhere. 'Maybe I got the doesn't-talk-much part wrong,' He considered, amused.

"She'd have to," Joshua said then. "She was the first one I met of this bunch of misfits," He told her, grinning as he waved a hand at the offended 'bunch of misfits'. All except Cheshire, who looked at him intently. "Hey, I said 'meet', I never said anything about not being one myself."

The cat huffed and turned away.

The Nekoshou girl hummed again.

"Say, what's your name?" He asked, giving her a nervous smile. "I'm really bad at remembering names sometimes."

"Koneko Toujou," She replied quietly.

"Hmm, so it would be… Toujou-san?" Joshua asked hesitantly, summoning knowledge from his years of watching anime and reading manga and light novels. 'They'd probably find that insulting,' He mused to himself.

[Skill Unlocked: Language: Japanese]

He blinked at that. 'Huh, maybe I can work on this in my free time,' He thought curiously. He didn't have much time to dwell on that, because the girl spoke again.

"Koneko is fine, Mr. Davis," She told him, her eyes locked on Cheshire as she spoke. 'Is that translated for me?' He wondered then, catching the way she called him and wondering if the Devil's trait to speak all languages was involved there.

"Call me Joshua then," He replied, his smile turning slightly sad. "Mr. Davis was my father."

"... Joshua," She corrected after a pause and he gave her a nod.

He never noticed the way Rias's peerage was looking at the two of them.

[}-o-{]​

"Have you thought about leaving the job, Joshua?" Jeanne asked him about an hour after they got back from Kuoh. He looked up from the papers laid in front of him on the table and gave her a confused expression.

"No, why?" He asked back, unsure of what had brought that on. He liked making wards, regardless of how troublesome making them had made his situation. "I know things got a little messy with Rias and Sona and the Church but-"

"I mean the coffee shop," Jeanne clarified with a slight grin. "I wouldn't dream of stopping you from wardcrafting, Josh."

"Oh, um," He said intelligently before the gears in his head shifted. "I mean… I like it there. It's like a nice break from all the magic, you know. It's time consuming, yes, but it is what it is. I enjoy working there to get away from it all sometimes."

"Hm, I think I get it," She mused out loud, her eyes drifting towards the notebook in her hands. "But still, don't you have too much stuff in your hands? A few hours of getting away would be fine, but so much… don't you think it's too much?"

"I guess you have a point, but what could we do?" He asked then, with a shrug as he distractedly read over some notes.

"I mean, Kuisha said you could make a lot of money with some wards if you wanted to," Jeanne started hesitantly, making him look up. She looked nervous. He had to wonder why though. 'Is it because she's trying to make a suggestion about what I do as a job and how to spend my money?' He supposed that was a good guess. New things to deal with meant that nervous Jeanne made an appearance once more.

"Yes?" He encouraged with a soft smile as he set the papers down and pushed them away slightly. She gave him a shy grin at the gesture before visibly steeling her resolve.

"So, I was thinking… Maybe you could get the money and open your own place. Being your own boss would mean that you can work whenever you need a break and just have employers for the rest of the time," Jeanne explained and he gave that idea some thought.

It was… not that bad, really. He'd checked with Sairaorg how much he could make in terms of money if he really wanted to. He probably wouldn't ever need to actually work if he went that route. Opening a cafe would be laughably easy, really.

"I mean, do you think I should?" Joshua asked curiously. "I mean, I could… we could do that," He corrected. "This isn't because you want more time to hang out with the girls, right?" He asked, teasing.

"No!" Jeanne protested the accusation instantly before drawing back into herself. "I just…" She hesitated then, fidgeting with the notebook in her hands and pretending to read it. "I just think you overwork yourself. Your wards already need a lot of your focus. Having a job that takes you away from that and needs so much time without really being necessary…"

"Yeah, I get it," He admitted with a smile. "I guess I've been trying to do too much."

"Also, I know I've been spending a lot of money when I go out. I'll try to only use my money, don't-"

"Jeanne," Joshua interrupted her, putting the slightest bit of force in his tone. Her mouth clicked shut. "It's fine," He continued then, softly. "I don't mind. If I did, I would have told you before. I want you to be happy, give you the freedom that you haven't had so far. Enjoy yourself and I'll worry about the rest, yeah? I'm the big brother here."

"I'm not a little kid, you know," She protested. Although the pout on her face kind of worked against her there.

"Sure you aren't," Joshua replied indulgently, making her frown. "I'll keep that in mind, by the way. Sounds like a fun project, really."

"Why do you have to make it sound like that," Jeanne lamented then. "Now I'm gonna regret giving you the idea."

"Because it's my job as a big brother to make your life difficult," He told her cheerfully, his grin widening at the withering look she sent his way. "Anyway, should I really worry about that Knight, because I can-"

"Josh!" The girl all but screeched.

"Ok ok," Joshua said with a chuckle, raising a hand placatingly. "I'm just joking. Seriously though, I'd like to know, at the very least."

"You would know anyway," She muttered under her breath. "But it's nothing like that. Our Sacred Gears are similar, so we were discussing ideas and such."

"That's how it starts," He mused out loud, holding back a grin. "Next thing you know, he's using his sword to-"

"Joshua Davis!" Jeanne interrupted firmly, eyes narrowed and he could swear she was using Bloodlust or something of the sort. The effect was somewhat ruined by the way her face was almost shining red. "Are you gonna finish that sentence?"

He grinned unrepentantly at her. Jeanne just sighed tiredly, as she deflated on her seat. However, what kind of brother would he be if he let her have the last word?

"But really, just remember that I'm not ready to be an uncle-"

"Joshua!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I liked writing this chapter, even with all the mess that came with it (I remember having to rewrite a chunk of it right before posting back in the day). The Koneko scene, for example, got a little away from me, but I had fun writing it. Same with the ward theory that I went into a little bit before that.

Fun stuff for me, although I'm not sure how fun it's for you, guys. Sorry if that was boring.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Would you prefer to be in Sona's peerage or Rias's? I'd prefer Sona, personally. They have less baggage to deal with, honestly.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 356 others
Adrian King
Jul 5, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 34 - All Eyes On You New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#158
All Eyes On You

"Man, this is bullshit," Joshua grumbled to himself, snapping the book he'd been reading shut.

[Language: Japanese has gone up a level.]

'Oh, shut up,' He thought, rolling his eyes. Margalo's chirping brought a smile to his face though, as it always did. The baby of his new family was always able to brighten the mood wherever she went. And she went everywhere, at least now that she could fly.

"I know, I know," He said with a shake of his head as he turned to look at his familiar bird, who was now standing on his shoulder. With a slight chuckle, he rubbed his finger under her beak. "Say, how about we go outside and walk through the forest a bit, yeah?" He asked, making Cheshire meow, communicating that yes, if they were going, so was she.

Cracking his neck, Joshua checked that he had his cards on him, as he always did when he left. Most of the woods around the house were under wards too, but he could never be too careful. Or so he thought, anyway.

"Morag? Nagini? You coming, girls?" He called as he made his way through the living room once more before making his way out. Both of his familiars remained where they were, which wasn't too surprising. Nagini was usually too lazy to move much, but she was always watching and always present when she needed to be. Morag, for her part, was slightly stranger, but she seemed to be entertained with her webs, so he'd let her be. "Well, see you-" He was stopped by the sound of his phone.

It was a strange day when it rang, really. After all, there were two people that had his number, really. Peter, his manager, and Jeanne. Peter had called him like, two times in over half a year. Jeanne called sometimes when she was out, but it was still strange.

Sighing, he picked it up from the table where he'd left it.

"Jeanne, do you-"

"Mr. Davis," A voice greeted and he froze, his expression emptying in an instant. He knew that voice, but how the hell had they gotten his number. After a second of thought, he supposed he shouldn't really be surprised, really. "We were hoping you were free to talk. We have a proposition for you."

"Griselda Quarta," He greeted back, barely managing to keep his voice level. "I wasn't expecting a call from the Church, if I'm honest."

"We have our ways of getting information, Mr. Davis," The woman replied just as neutrally. Joshua's eyes narrowed then, wondering if they'd gotten it from Peter or some other way. In the world they lived in, it was difficult to know. "We have a job for someone of your capabilities, Mr. Davis, and we'd pay you quite handsomely."

"And you can't use these 'ways' you are speaking of to find someone more willing than me?" He asked, unable to control himself. "Because we both know what I said when we met."

Joshua had said he'd consider it, but he'd never agreed to anything. She had to know what that meant, really. Either that, or he'd overestimated her, which he doubted. She seemed capable enough from what he'd seen, even if it wasn't much.

"We have, but we'd like to have our bases covered. This is an important job, after all," Quarta said then and Joshua narrowed his eyes, taking a deep breath in.

"And what is this job about?" He asked, at the very least willing to hear her out. He didn't want to deal with her, really, even less so with the Church. Trying to balance that with his relationship with the Devils was asking for trouble. He'd chosen to tread that path though and Sairaorg hadn't warned him against it or anything, so he could play along for a bit, he supposed.

Most of his problem with the Church was that, as far as he was concerned, they were worse than the Devils. Why? Simple, really. Sairaorg knew Joshua didn't trust him. What had he done about that? Nothing. He'd accommodated as much as he could and earned the man's trust.

The Church, for their part, seemed to not care about his reservations. They either didn't understand how he felt about them, or they were ignoring it. Honestly, he thought that it was the latter and that was the worst of the two options, in his opinion.

He wasn't a fan of the way he was contacted either, if he was honest. He'd have preferred to just have been asked for his number when they met. At least that way it'd feel more like he was doing this willingly instead of being strong armed into it.

"One of the two Youkai Factions was the victim of an attack," She said then and, this time, his eyes widened. Joshua had been a day or two from setting the Youkai wards around Rias and Sona. That couldn't be a coincidence, right? "They have called everyone they could to help strengthen their defenses."

"And you want me and my wards, huh?" He realized quite easily.

"Indeed," She confirmed, although they both knew it was unnecessary.

'A Faction of all things,' He thought, going over his options. He could say no, but why? If his wards failed, it would be the Church that got the fallout from the Youkai. And if the Church tried to go after him, he'd just go deeper down the Devil rabbit hole, which he had less and less problems with as time passed.

His choice was made then, he opened his mouth to reply…

But instead it clicked shut.

A screen had appeared in front of his face.

[Quest: Wards for the Kyubi

Reward:

+ Update: Minor Blessing of ####

+ Senjutsu

Information: Must go on behalf of ####.]

Joshua stared at the tan screen, with an ankh in the background, for a long moment. He took a deep breath in then and then sighed. He considered it quickly, since he had Griselda on the phone, waiting for an answer.

He found that there was not much competition. On the one hand, there were the people that he didn't quite like and were being entirely too forceful in their approach to his liking. On the other, there was a deity that apparently had been watching him for a long time. One that had given him a tool to improve his relationship with his familiars.

Maybe this Egyptian deity was shady, and made him more than a little nervous. Actually, it sure did, but it was also the better of the two options in his head. 'I really hate having to choose between two bad options though,' He thought.

He'd been about to choose to do this job for the Church, yes. However, denying them and then going in someone else's name was much worse than just saying no and being done with it. How would the Church react to that? He'd have to offer something, some other jobs or something of the sort, he supposed.

'I'm getting more and more involved in this shit,' Joshua lamented as he sighed. Then his eye moved to the screen. 'At least I'm getting something out of this.'

"I'm sorry," He said then, trying to make it sound like he truly was. "But I've made a deal to go there already with someone else."

"The Devils, I'm guessing?" Griselda asked through the phone, sounding unsurprised.

"Actually, no. It's from someone that I've been in contact with for longer than them," Joshua explained, telling the whole truth, if in a slightly twisted way. That earned him a long silence from Quarta. "Didn't know that, did you?" He asked, slightly amused. It was good to be on that side of the conversation once in a while, that was for sure.

"Can I ask who you are representing then?" She prodded, although he'd give her credit. She didn't sound like she was interrogating him for once.

Still, he was a breath away from telling her that it was none of her business. He'd do it in a polite way, sure, but it was the essence of the matter. However, something stopped him. In front of his face, on the screen, the censored text changed and showed him the actual name of his mystery benefactor.

"Shed, of the Egyptian Pantheon," Joshua told her, taking the change as approval. He also made a mental note to research that guy as soon as possible. He'd have to ask Sairaorg for more books that spoke of that faction too, if this deity was going to take a more active role now. He already had several from times when he investigated that, but he didn't remember ever coming across that name.

"I… see…" Griselda replied slowly, clearly not having expected that at all. There was a pause there in which Joshua wondered what was left to say after that. Was she thinking of a way to convince him to change his mind? Because that sounded quite insane to him. Surely she wouldn't insult another pantheon just to get what she wanted, right? "And could I convince you to say that you were in contact with us too."

Joshua's brain took a moment to reboot at that.

Then he almost groaned.

'Am I gonna get dragged into politics now? Because goddamnit, I don't need that shit in my life,' He thought to himself with a grimace. Still, the screen changed once more, subtly, sending yet another message.

[Quest: Wards for the Kyubi

Reward:

+ Blessing of Shed

+ Senjutsu

Information: Must go mainly on behalf of Shed.]

'Ok then…'

"I can do that," He agreed then, hearing her sigh on the other side of the phone. Joshua almost chuckled at that, before something caught his attention. From the Charm, with Magic Sense, he got a feeling of something. Amusement, he realized after a moment. It was reassuring, to know how Shed was feeling about this whole mess. At least Joshua knew that it wasn't somehow annoyed by him or something.

"Thank you, Mr. Davis," Quarta said then, and she sounded like she meant it. He had to wonder if she was being pressured to get his help or something of the sort. That couldn't be, right? He wasn't that good, surely. "I'll make sure you are properly rewarded for this, I assure you."

"You do that," He told her, finally being able to relax. "And call me Joshua, please," He added as an afterthought.

"I… can do that," She replied, sounding slightly off all of a sudden. Joshua guessed she was used to being formal with everyone. She certainly gave off that impression to him.

"If that's all…"

"It is, thank you. I'll contact you again for your payment after this is taken care of… Joshua. Until then."

"Later," He said, uncaring of how informal that sounded as she hung up.

With a long, drawn out sigh, he sat on the couch.

"Sorry, girls," He mumbled. "I'm not feeling up to going anywhere now," He added, earning understanding sounds from his familiars. "I really could use a month without something stressful happening," He grumbled to himself before he dragged himself back to his feet. "I'll make myself a cup of tea. I really need one."

Massaging his eyes, suddenly feeling tired, he made his way to the kitchen. Or he planned to, because Cheshire called for him at that moment. When he turned, held back a curse. There, on a shelf, a flier was shining. The flier, actually. The one Sairaorg had said belonged to Serafall Leviathan.

He almost wanted to ignore it, to make an excuse if anyone ever asked. Something like he wasn't home at that moment or anything of the sort. Whatever helped him avoid having to have the conversation that would surely follow. 'No way this is a coincidence.'

"For fuck's sake," He muttered as he walked towards the piece of paper. First though, he took the Charm of Shed, just in case. Then, grabbing the flier, he communicated through it. An instant later, a teleportation circle appeared in his living room and a Devil appeared.

Or, he thought she was a Devil, at least. She certainly didn't look like one. 'Is that a magical girl outfit? The fuck?'

"Hi hi~ I'm magical girl Levia-tan~!" The girl 'introduced' herself. Joshua, meanwhile, stared at her together with his familiars. Then he closed his eyes, took a deep breath in and then let it out. 'Let's just… roll with it,' He told himself.

"A pleasure to meet you… Levia-tan," He said, feeling his eye twitch as he addressed her like that. "I'm Joshua Davis… freelance magician, I guess. Please call me Joshua."

"The pleasure is all mine, Jo-tan," She said beaming at him and he sighed once more. 'As long as it isn't Mr. Davis,' He thought resignedly. "I'm sure you are wondering why I'm here," The girl said, looking around the living room, mainly focusing on his familiars.

"The Youkai thing, I'm guessing," Joshua hazarded, too tired/annoyed to beat around the bush. That made the Satan blink and turn to him. A second later, she pouted. 'I really have to wonder how this kind of stuff happens around me,' Joshua lamented.

"The meanies from the Church already got you to go for them, didn't they?" She asked, sounding like a child that had their favorite toy taken away from them. Joshua simply massaged the bridge of his nose and wondered what to do. Once more, the Charm gave him a sense of amusement before approval and the slightest of pities. 'I'll take that as a go ahead,' Joshua decided.

"I am going, but not on the Church's behalf," He corrected, his voice sounding tired even to himself. He just wanted some time to rest and think, was that so much to ask for? "The Egyptian Pantheon contacted me first," He added, lying through his teeth. He wasn't going to be telling anyone that he'd decided to choose those over the Church. That was just asking for trouble.

"Moh, I'm late~" She pouted even more, which he thought was quite the accomplishment. Meanwhile, Joshua simply stared at her.

"If that's all… it was a pleasure, really, but I was going to go for a walk just now before you arrived," He lied again, because he really just wanted to be left alone. He just wanted to be done with it all.

"And now you are kicking me out?" She added, her eyes tearing up a bit. 'The fuck?' Joshua thought, baffled. Then he closed his eyes to gather his thoughts, at least the smallest bit.

"You know what? I think I'll stay here and just… drink some tea. That should help too, I guess…" He mumbled to himself before turning back to the Satan in the room. "Want one?"

"Yes, please. With lots of sugar~" She agreed instantly, the pout disappearing as if it had never been there. Instead, what replaced it was a beaming smile of a very happy child. 'How's this person a Satan?' He asked himself. Still, despite how irritating and surreal the whole situation was, he couldn't help but chuckle.

"Yeah, I like my tea sweet too," He commented, already moving towards the kitchen.

"Your familiars are really cute~" Joshua heard as he worked on those teas. Cute wasn't the word he expected to be used for half of his familiars, but yeah, he agreed with that assessment. Margalo chirped on his shoulder, but not pleased. Instead, she sounded slightly annoyed.

He laughed a little.

"Go on, stay close to Cheshire," Joshua said, shaking his head as the bird took flight instantly towards the living room. Apparently, Margalo wanted in on the attention that was, apparently, being showered on the others. 'Well, at least she's nicer than the Church's people,' He mused as he continued preparing the tea.

Eventually, he had to move back to the living room. As he did so, he stopped and blinked. There was the Satan - 'I'm not gonna get used to thinking that.' - sitting on a couch, with Nagini coiled next to her and watching her curiously, Morag peeking at her from the coffee table, Margalo on her shoulder and Cheshire on her lap. The latter of which seemed to be enjoying the woman's petting at the moment.

Joshua felt his shoulders relax a little. If nothing else, he trusted Cheshire's judgement. 'Guess I can give her the benefit of the doubt,' He decided, still somewhat reluctant despite it all.

"Is there an actual reason you are staying here?" He asked as he set the cup in front of her. "I'm not kicking you out," He clarified when he saw the woman go to protest just like before. Apparently, his guess was right, because she just pouted at him. 'I really need to stop being surprised by this shit,' He mused. "I'm just curious. I'm sure you didn't stay just because."

"You are smart, Jo-tan~" She said, giggling as she finished. "I wanted to know who was making the wards for my precious So-tan," She explained cheerfully. 'Guessed so,' He thought wearily. "You seem like a nice man, Jo-tan. You don't have to worry about me or Zechs." 'Sirzechs, the current Lucifer, right? That's reassuring.'

And it actually was. It meant so much more to hear that from one of the people he'd been so worried about in person than from others. Especially because Cheshire was there to confirm that, indeed, the woman meant what she was saying. Of course, there was the possibility that he was placing too much trust in his familiar sense. This was a Satan, surely she could fool Extrasensory, right? However, he had to trust something, so… he'd go with that, for the moment.

"I agreed to drop the Church's name when I go to the Youkai," He said then, feeling approval once more coming from the Charm of Shed, which encouraged him. The Satan tilted her head curiously at him. "I can do the same for you. Say that you came to me for this job and that I had to reject you because of a previous arrangement. I'm sure it'll mean something if I can actually help them."

"Hmmm~" Levia-tan - 'God, that's so not better.' - hummed, eyes narrowing in thought. "I can accept that, Jo-tan. Your tea's really good, by the way," She replied eventually, taking another sip from her cup.

"Thank you." Then there was a moment of silence as she continued drinking and petting Cheshire. "Are you gonna stay for long?"

"Are you inviting me for dinner? How bold of you, Jo-tan," She replied grinning from ear to ear.

Joshua simply sighed once again.

[}-o-{]​

"Why does everything happen when I'm not here?" Jeanne whined while Joshua simply deadpanned at her. Morag, on the girl's shoulder, gave her a reassuring pat with her little leg.

"Really, Jeanne? Really?" He asked, sighing and rubbing his face with his hands.

"Sorry, I just… I don't like that you have to face all this alone," She mumbled and he sighed again.

"Don't worry about it. I just…" Joshua started before just groaning. "I'll have to resign from the cafe, I guess, considering that I'll have to go away for a while because of this."

"We'll have to go away," Jeanne corrected then, narrowing her eyes at him and he smiled ruefully.

"Yeah, I guessed as much," Joshua said dejectedly. "It's good that I was already thinking about it, huh?"

"I guess," His sister nodded nervously and he gave her a sympathetic smile. "So, how will this go?"

"Well, I talked with Serafall and-"

"Serafall, huh?" Jeanne noted with a smile that had him groaning.

"Why did I think that letting you spend time with Devils was a good idea?" Joshua lamented before just continuing. "She said she'd arrange a way for me to get there. Otherwise, I'd probably have coordinated something with the Church. They probably thought I'd already got plans since I had supposed 'already gotten the job' and all that."

"Didn't think to talk to your godly friend?" Jeanne asked, looking at the Charm that hung from a belt loop.

"Last resort," Joshua replied with a wry smile as he looked at the Charm. "I don't know how much… Shed gets from this thing and it's not a very reliable way of communicating, really. Or I don't think it is. I get vague impressions and feelings from it, but so far no words," He explained with a shrug as he took a sip from his tea. He'd been drinking a whole lot of it that day, but he really needed a way to stay calm.

"Hm," She hummed before she blinked and then a slight smile formed on her face. "Does that mean we are going on a vacation?"

"I guess it… does," Joshua acknowledged, his own lips tugging into a grin. "Hope you like the idea of going to Japan… to stay for a bit, that is," He added, remembering that they'd gone to Kuoh already. That had been just for less than a few hours though and they'd barely seen anything.

"Where is it that we are going?"

"Kyoto," Joshua answered, looking on in amusement as Jeanne pulled her phone out and started looking for info.

"Oooh, there's some interesting things to see here," She exclaimed after a moment of looking through things, turning the screen towards him. "Look at all the places we could go!"

He smiled, both at her enthusiasm and at the idea. There were some rather beautiful places that they could visit if he had some free time. He didn't expect to have much of that, but at least Jeanne should have some fun, he supposed. With some luck, he'd be able to accompany her at least once or twice.

"What's the job about anyway? More detection wards?" She asked curiously, stopping her touristic research for a moment.

"Well, that, but also defensive wards, which I'll have to train with, since I haven't delved on that yet," He mused before grimacing. He'd have to push all training aside to focus on that if he wanted to get good enough for this in a short time. It wasn't ideal, but it was what it was. "Apparently, someone attacked the leader of one of the Yokai Factions. Now they are reaching out to everyone they can to send people that will improve their defenses. They don't want a repeat."

"Seems a little… excessive, right?" Jeanne noted and he gave her a proud smile. She returned a shy one instantly, before looking away.

"It is, but it makes sense. They tried to kidnap the leader's daughter," Joshua explained, whatever good mood he had vanished at the idea. It sickened him that they'd tried to involve a child in whatever plan they had in mind. How Joshua wished he could get his hands on those people… Although, they were probably out of his league, sadly. "I'd certainly go a little overboard if anyone tried to take you or one of the girls, that's for sure," He added, placing a hand over Nagini's head, who in turn gave his legs a little squeeze.

"I guess it does make sense," Jeanne agreed, although the smile on her face told him that she had focused more on the last sentence he'd said. "So, what's this about you having dinner with a Satan?"

"Jeanne," Joshua groaned. "Please."

"What? I'm curious!"

"She was… really weird," He commented, with an unsure expression. "Not in a bad way, but I have no idea what was going through her head. I guess that could be part of the whole act. Anyway, I'm pretty sure that she was just making sure that I was on her side. That or trying to see if the guy that made a deal to place wards around her sister was trustworthy. Can certainly understand that," Joshua explained, frowning as he considered what had happened that night before Jeanne arrived from her outing.

"Hmmm, that so?" She mumbled. "You sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure," He confirmed with a roll of his eyes. "Anyway, how was your night? Hopefully calmer than mine."

"I mean, yeah, it was. But now it just feels like it was boring in comparison," Jeanne said, pouting at him. In turn, Joshua simply raised an unimpressed eyebrow that made her huff and turn away. "I have one more question though," She continued and the man didn't like the feeling of dread that washed over him at those words. "Was she pretty?"

His palm met his forehead as he groaned once again.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that was a thing.

When I first came up with the idea of the deity and Shed, I'd imagined the reveal would be much more impressive or something. But alas, this was how my muse wanted it to be. Was it underwhelming? A bit, yeah, but my characters do as they want and so the story is written.

It's what it is.

I hope you still enjoyed the chapter despite that.

Random Question: Several people had guessed who the deity was. Be honest, were you one of them?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 342 others
Adrian King
Jul 5, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 35 - The World’s Gonna Know Your Name New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#160
The World's Gonna Know Your Name

'And so…' Joshua thought, lightly biting his lip as he continued drawing a circle on the ground under a wardstone. It was a relatively new spell, this one, but it was also one that he already knew almost by heart too, since he'd been practicing it non-stop for a whole week. He'd studied it, he'd worked on it, he'd modified it, he'd practiced it and then he'd repeated all that again and again.

With a deep breath in, he cast the spell.

[Shield Ward has gone up a level.]

'Good,' He told himself with a nod.

[Shield Ward - Lvl 11/50

A Defensive Ward which the user can cast to stop attacks coming from outside the range.

Requires a Wardstone of Defensive Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - D to ∞

Consumption without circle - B to ∞]

'It'll have to do,' Joshua mused as he took down the ward instantly. He already knew how well it worked anyway, he'd done a million tests on it together with the other ward that he'd added to his repertoire.

[Averting Ward - Lvl 10/50

A Defensive Ward which the user can cast to stop targets coming from outside the range.

Requires a Wardstone of Defensive Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - D to ∞

Consumption without circle - B to ∞]

'I really hope it's enough,' He thought, closing his eyes and gathering his thoughts. He was tired, so very tired. Even without his day job anymore, he'd worked so damn hard to get those skills to measly level 11 and 10. Granted, he'd worked on other wards too, but still… It felt like so little. 'It had been a while since I complained about the system,' He thought, slightly amused.

It was what it was though. After all, he'd had to progress fast some other times, but he didn't think he'd ever had a deadline set in stone like he did this time. That had added a lot of pressure. However, Joshua found himself surprised that he was having fun too. It was like a challenge, and he quite liked having one, at least regarding wards.

"Having fun, huh?" Jeanne asked, walking up to him with Margalo on her shoulder and passing him a cup of tea. It was then that he noticed that he was smiling.

"I guess I am," He admitted, taking a deep breath in before sitting on the ground. Almost instantly, Nagini slithered her way around him, wrapping around his torso and hanging her head over his right shoulder. "Miss the days when you could be there all the time, right?" He asked the snake, who hissed something at him. Joshua was sure that if she could have pouted, she would have.

"So, how do you think it'll go?" Jeanne asked and Joshua had to wonder about that. He'd been asking that question to himself for a while, after all. However, he'd always come to the same answer.

"I don't know," He replied with a shrug. "I think I'm good, but I'm not sure I'm good enough for Faction level things like this. Then again, everyone came to ask for my help, so I have to wonder if I'm underestimating myself."

"It'll be fine," Jeanne reassured him with a smile. "Serafall said it didn't matter if you did a good job or not. Just that you don't look bad while at it, right?" Those words would have meant a lot more if not for the teasing tone that she used for the Satan's name. A whole week and his sister was still going on about that.

Joshua was sure that it was half because she was annoyed she had missed that whole shitshow. Why? He couldn't hope to understand, honestly. He could have done without all that mess. As for the other half, she was just playing her role as sister, he supposed. That was fair, really. He'd done much the same himself, after all.

He had to wonder though, if this would haunt him forever.

"Will you ever let me live this down?" He asked/pleaded with a grimace, earning a giggle from the girl. That didn't bode well for him, sadly. The response he got only killed his hopes further.

"Nope," She denied instantly, popping the P just for that extra annoyance. "Also, did you know that Kuisha was quite annoyed when I told her that Serafall stayed for dinner?"

"Did that actually happen or are you just fishing for more teasing material?" He asked, his tone flat and his expression unimpressed. The fact that Jeanne promptly pouted at his lack of response only reassured him that this was a lie. At least, until she giggled again.

"I don't know, but she did look kind of tense afterwards, I think," She told him and Joshua decided to ignore that. She was probably seeing things anyway. Seriously, teasing aside, what were his chances of scoring with the personification of sin that were Devils? Yeah, nah.

"Sure she did, Jeanne, sure she did," He commented as he closed his eyes and relaxed a little. He'd come to treasure those moments, after all. Enjoy the challenge, he might, but Joshua still could get tired and he sure did during that week. 'Definitely prefer to have all the time in the world,' He mused to himself.

"Hmmm, so, no chances of me getting a nephew or a niece anytime soon?" Jeanne asked and he sighed.

"This is because of what happened with Rias's Knight, right?" He asked, slightly resigned.

"Yuuto Kiba," She reminded him with a frown, which earned a raised eyebrow and a half-smile from him. She simply huffed at that before continuing. "And of course it is. If you can do that, I can too."

He decided it was better to not point out that he'd done that only once and she hadn't shut up for a whole week.

He had a feeling that would make things worse for him.

[}-o-{]​

"Thank you for coming here before going to Kyoto, Joshua," Sona told him with a somber nod. He gave her a raised eyebrow in turn, because really, what was up with that? She spoke like he was never going to come back or something.

"You know I'll be back at this in, like, a month or so? Maybe less?" He asked, slightly amused as he noticed a slight pink dusting on her cheeks.

"We just appreciate that you didn't push this to the side when something more important came up," Rias explained with a smile, although she seemed just as amused as he with her fellow King's behavior. "Kyoto is very beautiful, we went on a trip there this year. It was a great experience. I wish I'd gotten to see everything I wanted though, but I didn't prepare well for it."

"I told you to plan a proper schedule," Sona pointed out with a raised eyebrow earning an annoyed expression from the redhead.

"I'm sure we won't have that problem. Jeanne is very excited about this. I'm sure she has all sorts of plans as to what to do. I just hope I'll have enough free time to accompany her," Joshua commented, looking to the side where his sister seemed to be sharing exactly what he was talking about with the Knight and Koneko.

"I don't have to worry about Kiba's health, do I?" Rias asked then, looking at him with a grin.

"To be decided," Joshua replied before chuckling.

"I can say I'm glad for them," The King commented then, seemingly deciding to ignore his words, looking fondly at her peerage. "Kiba doesn't have many friends outside my peerage… or at all, so I'm happy for him. Also, he's gotten a lot more creative with his Sacred Gear, which is a plus," She added. "I think I have you and Jeanne to thank for that."

"I should charge you for that too," Joshua joked. "Speaking of, you two never brought up the training wards again. Changed your mind?"

"Something like that," Rias answered, deflating a little, which was confusing. "Things are… complicated. We are looking into it."

He blinked at her. What could possibly be complicated about setting up training wards for these two? Sairaorg had never mentioned anything of the sort. Hell, he was pretty sure they'd just done it almost on a whim. Was there something they had skipped that they shouldn't? Surely not. Sairaorg was enthusiastic about training but he wasn't stupid.

"Well, I hope you can sort that out soon then," He offered, unsure. If the small smile she gave him was anything to go by, it wasn't very effective but the intention was appreciated. He mentally shrugged before turning towards Sona. "So, your sister told me to wait for her here, did she give you a time or something?"

"She didn't, so I guess you'll have to wait. I'm sorry," She apologized instantly, deflating much like Rias had done a moment before. "She is… eccentric like that, I guess. I apologize for any trouble she will cause you."

'Will, not may,' Joshua noted then, slightly amused. He guessed Serafall's… everything was quite annoying for a person like Sona. He found it weird too, slightly irritating sometimes, but it wasn't bad. There were worse personalities to expect for someone called Satan.

"She's not that bad," He commented idly, earning an incredulous expression from Sona. "She's not," He defended with a slight chuckle. "She's weird but I prefer weird over some of the stuff my mind conjures when I think about Satans."

"You'll love the rest of them then," Rias pointed out, slightly amused, which made him wonder what was up with the others then. Ajuka had been… something, but he didn't sound so weird, really. If Rias was anything to go by, then her brother shouldn't be that bad, he supposed. Then again, Sona and her sister were nothing alike so… 'Now I'm curious about meeting Satans… my life is weird.'

"Magical Girl Levia-tan is here~!" Joshua heard then and a slight smile formed on his face. Especially when he heard Sona groan and saw her start massaging his head. "So-tan~! Did you miss me? I missed you sooooo much!" Serafall shouted as she all but tackle-hugged her sister.

"I should do that with Jeanne sometime," Joshua commented with a chuckle. "Maybe next time she comes back from an outing."

"Don't you dare," The girl in question growled with her eyes narrowed. He simply grinned at her.

"Sister, please, let go of me," Sona grumbled, trying to push Serafall away. Deciding to try and help her out, Joshua spoke up… Except that nothing came to his mind at the moment, so he just left the poor girl to her fate.

"So-tan doesn't love me anymore, Jo-tan," Serafall exclaimed then, letting go and turning to pout at him as if he could do anything to help with that… problem. "What do I do?!" She asked, clearly 'dismayed'.

"I'm sure she'll come around, Serafall," He reassured with a smile. "Maybe tuning down the… excitement next time?" He offered, deciding to try and throw Sona a bone there.

"But how else am I supposed to show how much I missed her?" The Satan argued, tears forming in the corner of her eyes. 'Ah well, I tried, Sona,' He thought to himself.

"I guess you are right about that," He replied then. Because, really, he liked Sona well enough, but he wasn't going to get into an argument with a Satan for her. No, sir. "So, how do we do this then?"

"Already want to go away?" Serafall asked, her hurt act carrying over, this time aimed directly at him. Joshua withheld a sigh. "That eager to separate poor ol' me from So-tan," She muttered then, looking down.

Closing his eyes and taking a deep breath in, Joshua gathered strength for what was to come. The look on Sona's face told him that at least one person in the room commiserated with him. At least he wasn't completely alone, he supposed.

"Of course not, Serafall. Why don't we stay here for a bit, yes? I could use a cup of tea before traveling," He said then, it wasn't like he was in a rush, really. She was the one setting the teleportation up and, apparently, also the one that would take him through the hoops that he'd need to jump through for this whole thing.

She hadn't even been surprised when he'd told her that Shed had basically thrown him off the deep end. The Egyptian god hadn't been very amused by that, judging by the Charm feeling. Really, he could have made the Quest screen more detailed if he didn't want that to happen.

Regardless, Joshua supposed he could do this small favor for the Satan. How bad could it be, right?

Jeanne bursting into giggles off to the side told him that yes, it could be very bad.

[}-o-{]​

"Can you tell me again, why you had to come personally?" Joshua asked as Serafall guided him, his familiars and Jeanne through Kyoto. He'd prepared an illusion card that made it look like the animals weren't there… well, except for Cheshire, who didn't look that out of place to begin with… in her cat form, at least.

"Jeanne~!" Serafall exclaimed, dismayed. "Jo-tan is being mean again!"

"Why doesn't she get a nickname?" Joshua asked then, blinking curiously. Maybe it was the wrong thing to focus on, but he was already getting used to the Satan's childish ways. They were exhausting, yes, but at least they weren't bad.

"Because Je-tan doesn't sound cute enough," Serafall replied, as if that made perfect sense.

"Hm, true," Joshua agreed, turning his head slightly to look at his sister. An idea formed in his head then. She'd enjoyed laughing at him entirely too much over Serafall's antics. "What about just Jenny, or Ginny. Depending on how you pronounce her name to begin with, I guess," He pointed out, making the Jeanne's eyes widen.

"Wait, wh-"

"Yes, Gin-tan!" The Satan exclaimed, pulling said girl into a tight hug. Joshua was honestly a little worried she'd literally squeeze the life out of her. However, just as that was becoming a valid concern, she was let go. "It's perfect. Thank you, Jo-tan."

"Yes… thank you… Jo-tan," Jeanne growled at him, to which he gave her an unrepentant grin.

"You are welcome," He replied, some of his weariness washing away.

Joshua's mind drifted then, his eyes looking around the buildings and the overall city of Kyoto as they moved. Serafall had taken them somewhere… not where they needed to gather, for some reason. Not that he was complaining and neither was Jeanne. The teenager was loving the chance to be a tourist, actually.

Personally, Joshua didn't see the appeal. Sure, looking around a foreign place was interesting. Some places were beautiful or had very curious story behind them, some even had both. However, he found his mind quickly disinterested with all that though. A glance was all it took for him to take it in. Then he'd take a photo and be on his way to the next place.

He didn't quite get how Jeanne could easily fawn over everything for an hour. Regardless of his opinion though, he was happy just walking along with her sister, stopping whenever she wanted to look at something. He'd been a little nervous about taking Serafall's time, but the Satan seemed uncaring about that, nevermind the fact that she was the one that was leading them through that path. He'd added that to the list of weird things involving the Devil.

"And I wanted to get away from the boring Devils, by the way," Serafall said, snapping him out of his thoughts. It took Joshua a second to realize that she was asking his question from before. He'd almost forgotten already.

"Hm," He hummed as he continued looking. "And it has nothing to do with the fact that there seems to be a little… disagreement between your people and the Youkai, right?" He asked, making the cheerful smile on the Satan turn into a dejected expression. He didn't take that too seriously though. Serafall seemed to be all about exaggerating her emotions. Either that or it was all an act. Both were equally as probable, really.

"The Youkai are being mean," She grumbled childishly. "But yes, I'd like to try and be friends with them. Will you help me, Jo-tan?" She asked then, batting her eyes at him, to which he raised an eyebrow. She acted so much like a little girl that, even with how attractive she was, it was difficult to take that seriously. He guessed that might have been the point though.

"Hm, can I ask another question?" He said instead of answering her question, turning to look ahead. On the other side of the street they were walking through, he saw a man wearing a long formal coat. That by itself wasn't too out of place, but the highly particular book that he was reading and the foreign appearance he had, made him stand out. 'I wonder…' He mused. He'd been told the Youkai leader was calling basically everyone she could so…

He had to wonder how many magicians were going to be around.

"Mhm," Serafall hummed, giving him the go ahead, which he took instantly.

"How many magicians did you call for this?"

"Three," She answered instantly. "Besides you, that is," She added and he blinked. She looked much more like a woman at that moment. The childish voice was slightly more mature, her steps now more firm.

"I'm sure they must be better than me, why not go with them? Surely they'll earn you more points with the Youkai," He continued questioning conversationally as they kept walking. His eyes found then another concentration of magic, this time from a woman that… didn't look too out of place. If not for the fact that she seemed to sense his gaze and gave him a look, a smile and a nod before continuing on her way.

"You don't give yourself enough credit, Jo-tan~" Serafall replied, her tone slipping back to 'magical girl' voice once more. Then, she gave him a beaming smile. "You are much better company than those grumpy, boring magicians," She said, as if that was supposed to be a good reason.

He remained silent, ignoring the grin Jeanne was giving him from his other side.

"You really don't give yourself enough credit," The Satan insisted then, her voice back to serious. He wondered what that was all about. Was it some kind of test? Was he overthinking it? "Ajuka had very good things to say about your wards. Regardless, you are a lot better company too. So, if anyone's going to earn us some goodwill with the Youkai, that'll be you."

"Hm, I can understand that, I think," He mused out loud, noticing an old man in a completely ridiculous outfit that wouldn't be out of place in European nobility a few centuries back, he was sure. Joshua had to wonder if that was on purpose or if he came from a family that was just detached from mundane culture. "Can I ask why you didn't send one of this other magician's your sister's way?"

"You are asking an awful lot of questions, Jo-tan? When can I get some of my own?" 'And we are back to Levia-tan instead of Serafall, huh?' He noticed wondering what was causing so many switches. "So-tan and Ria-tan wanted to do things on her own, so we let them," The woman added, answering his question regardless of her complaining.

"Well, good on you for respecting their wishes," He commented idly. The Satans had still checked on him, but that was better than just forcing their sisters to take one of their contacts. "Well, I'll definitely put a better word for you than I'll do for the Church, with all the help you've given me."

She simply gave him a smile and a nod. It was likely that she'd already guessed as much. It was also likely that she had helped him so much to get exactly that. Maybe that was why she was accompanying him? Because he was the one that she could or needed to influence more to get that favor for her? Were the other magicians already under her thumb and would do as she wanted or were they so far out from that situation that they wouldn't do as she wanted.

'I'm overthinking this,' He told himself with a sigh.

"So, you said something about having questions of your own?" He started then, ready to pay back for the pseudo-interrogation he'd just done.

"I knew I liked you for a reason, Jo-tan," Serafall cheered, bouncing on her feet as she turned to look at him, holding her 'magical staff' behind her back. "Soooo~... What type of women do you like?" She asked, making Jeanne burst out in giggles beside him.

Joshua, for his part, simply massaged the bridge of his nose before sighing. Nagini gave him a half-hearted pat on the cheek with her tail, which only made his eyebrow twitch. Margalo's little cheer was much more effective, he had to admit. Probably because she was actually trying.

He could only hope that the sweet little bird would never change like Morag did. He could really use someone on his corner. He had a feeling he'd need one.

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

She looked as Joshua Davis walked, humoring his sister and familiars as they moved through Kyoto. Honestly, she was in no hurry, since they'd made the trip far earlier than they had to. Partially because she thought something like this would happen - and had decided to encourage it, really -, but mostly because she wanted to observe the man that her sister was dealing with and trusting her safety too.

She'd done that already though, and Sirzechs and her had Ajuka look into it to have a third opinion on him. They'd all thought that he was as reliable as any magician could get really. Only way to trust him more would have been with a binding oath.

Now, not to say they wouldn't have appreciated one, but they couldn't ask for one without risking making things worse.

Ajuka had also talked them out of that idea, really.

Anyway, Serafall was more and more sure that they were doing well to trust their sisters to this human. He might not be that powerful. Ajuka himself put him in the lower end of Low Class, at best, that is. However, the same man had said that Joshua could be terrifyingly powerful when given enough time and resources to prepare. 'Easily High Class,' Had been his exact words. Moreover, Ajuka had said that Joshua was more limited due to knowledge than capabilities, saying that if he had a more extensive library to fuel his ward-crafting, he'd be even better.

They'd have to keep an eye on Joshua, had been the consensus.

There was a reason why warders were so sought after. There was also a reason why warding was one of the most difficult branches of magic. If Joshua really delved into hex magic and got as good at it as he was with wards, then Serafall really needed to get him on their side.

She was also laying down a foundation for that with this, actually.

It wasn't to say that everything she was doing was with a purpose though. It wouldn't be a lie, but it wouldn't be perfectly accurate either. Serafall was enjoying interacting with Joshua, much to her surprise. He'd seemed… like a normal human magician. At least until they'd actually interacted, because he continued being normal after that.

It may not sound like much, but Serafall was perfectly aware of how people saw her. She didn't get to be a Satan by being dumb, after all. She knew how her behavior was seen by others and how it affected how they saw her. It was a useful thing when she needed to be underestimated or when she needed to put someone at ease.

It was also fun, she'd freely admit.

Regardless of all that, Joshua had rolled with it like it was a normal thing. He thought it was weird, of course, he was confused by it too, but he'd carried on like she was just a slightly weird woman instead of a Satan acting like she was a magical girl from a TV show. Serafall herself found it difficult to explain, really, how his behavior stuck out from others. He wasn't the first to do such a thing though, but the number was very little, and she'd appreciated each and every one of them.

Yes, Joshua Davis was a good man. Now, if he could do what she thought he could regarding Yasaka's issue, then he'd become an important one too. Maybe he already was, actually. With Serafall's people, the Church and, apparently, the Egyptian Pantheon looking at him, he was already more important than the grand majority of the magician community. If he did this, few people wouldn't know his name. Especially since Yasaka had called for basically everyone for help, and few would refuse.

It might sound like Joshua had few chances, but Serafall and, more importantly, Ajuka thought he had decent ones of actually helping. Joshua might not be a particularly strong magician, but he was a good one. Serafall smiled at the thought, especially because she knew she was practically snatching him from the Church's hands.

She'd have to do something nice for Sairaorg for finding this hidden gem.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Hmmm… the Serafall PoV fills me with doubts, not gonna lie. Don't get me wrong, I like it but… I can't shake off the feeling that I could have written that better. As it is, I haven't been feeling well for a few days, so I don't have it in me to fix it if it needs it. Hopefully you guys still like it.

Everything else in the chapter is fine, in my opinion.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Have you visited foreign countries? I traveled to Chile once and was there for around a week. Then I spent a month in France, around 4 days in London (England) and 1 day in Barcelona (Spain).

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 360 others
Adrian King
Jul 6, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 36 - Tonight, I Start A Fire New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#162
Tonight, I Start A Fire

"I expected to see lots of magicians already," Joshua commented once they finally made it to the meeting place Serafall had talked about. It was sort of an open garden in between walls. Although, to be fair, the place was so big that one could hardly see from one side to the other. "But this is still more than I thought."

Indeed, big as it was, the entire garden was filled with people. Serafall and him could barely walk without bumping into someone. He'd certainly have crashed into a person or two if he hadn't been careful, he was sure. Most of them were rather distracted too, reading through a file that he supposed they'd been given to analyze the situation and suggest defenses. That was his guess, at least.

"Yasaka spared no expenses calling for help with this," Serafall cheerfully replied next to him. "She's very worried about her daughter, you see? If only she weren't so mean. Her daughter's so cute I wouldn't hesitate to smite anyone that attacked her."

Joshua blinked at that, wondering if he was reading too much into it when he thought that sounded vaguely like she was threatening the Youkai faction. He probably was. Serafall didn't strike him as the type of person that would do that. Then again, how was he to know if it was all an act or not. He'd long since decided to keep his more paranoid thoughts at bay, however.

"Well, I'm here to try and help out," Joshua commented simply as he looked around some more. He didn't think there was anyone as young as him in the gathering, but he couldn't look at everybody so there was that. Maybe he was wrong? "Although, where do I-?" His question was immediately answered when a… person that had a crow head and black wings gave him a file.

"Here you go," The man said simply, giving him a passing look and pausing when he looked towards Serafall. Joshua wasn't paying attention anymore though, his hands instantly opening the file and taking a look inside. He was going to give a cursory look only, or at least that was the plan.

However, as soon as he did read a bit of it his mind drifted.

Excalibur Ruler had been involved, apparently, which was eye catching on its own. Joshua had researched about the Excalibur fragments after his run in with the Church and the Legendary Sword wielders. He knew the story and he knew more or less what the swords could do.

Ruler was supposed to be the strongest of them all. A sword that let its wielder basically control anything and anyone so long as they were strong enough. It was said to be on the same level as Longinus Tier Sacred Gears, which was scary on its own, honestly.

Furthermore, there were two of the aforementioned artifacts involved too. Dimension Lost and the True Longinus itself. One that let the user create and control mist that basically manipulated dimensions and the other a spear that could kill basically anything. 'Longinus Sacred Gears are bullshit,' Joshua mused to himself.

On his face, however, spread a grin. Dimension Lost was the thing to focus on, he knew instantly. It was the kind of stupidly powerful thing that could bypass defenses as if they weren't there to begin with. That was the obstacle to get past in his mind, the challenge he was to face. 'How do you deal with something that can even go against Gods?' He wondered to himself, going through the rest of the file's information.

His eyes paused again at a particular part.

Khaos Brigade.

'Those guys again?' Joshua noted with a frown. Distractedly, he noticed that there was a murmur going on around the other magicians. He caught some indignant complaints about Dimension Lost, expectedly. He also heard some scared comments about the terrorist organization.

Joshua read through that last part eagerly. He hadn't known much about them when he met them and he hadn't bothered to ask Sairaorg. He'd thought they were a small thing, something that was in his city and maybe a few more. This, however, meant there was more going on. That they were much bigger.

He wanted to do something about this even more than before. Khaos Brigade had made him fear for his life for a good while back then, and Joshua hadn't forgotten about it. He had enough reason to give this his all already for a number of reasons. However, the chance to stick it to the terrorists would have convinced him on its own.

'That and trying to make a ward that works against Dimension Lost,' Joshua thought excitedly, his grin persisting. 'How to go about it? Something conventional would be bypassed easily enough. I need something that's not actually trying to stop them. Maybe not even trying to detect them. What though? How do I go about that? Could I-?'

"Jo-tan!"

Joshua blinked and looked up from the file to see Serafall staring at him. There was a full blown pout on her face, with tears in the corners of her eyes and all. She then proceeded to point at him with her 'magical staff'. 'Wonder if that's actually magical or just for show,' Joshua mused idly.

"Stop ignoring me, meanie!" Serafall demanded, shaking the staff at him, making a jingling sound reach his ears. "I've been calling you for hours!"

"Sorry… Although, I'm sure I wasn't out for that long… was I?" He asked, turning towards Cheshire who was standing next to him. She was the only familiar he'd brought with him, actually. The rest and Jeanne were exploring the city. Or would be, after they got settled where Serafall had gotten them a place to stay. He'd expected a hotel, if a good one at that. Apparently, that's not how Devils did it though, because Serafall had gotten him a house that was bigger than even the Hunter's.

The feline gave him a shake of her head, before dismissively starting to lick herself. It was a little weird, seeing her in her lynx form, but that's what she'd chosen to go with once they entered the Youkai territory. He guessed she was taking advantage of the opportunity to use that as her base form instead of the cat one.

"Still, meanie," Serafall grumbled, stomping her feet.

"Sorry about that," He repeated with an apologetic smile. "Is there something we have to do before I can get started with this?" He asked, waving the file in his hand.

"I have to talk with Yasaka and I want you to come with me," She demanded, still pointing. Joshua opened his mouth, intent on asking if there was a reason for that. Surely it was better that he get to work, right? It wasn't just his bias for wardcrafting, right?

In the end, he decided to just nod and go along with it. The sooner he was done with whatever Serafall wanted him to be part of, the sooner he could start working. Besides, surely she knew what she was doing, right?

"Hm, have you seen Cheshire?" He asked instead, as they moved through the crowd. Apparently, at some point, his feline familiar had left his side. He wasn't very nervous though. It would be stupid for someone to attack someone where they were and Cheshire knew how to take care of herself. If nothing else, Extrasensory should keep her out of trouble.

"I-... No?" Serafall paused, blinking as she looked around. "I thought she wouldn't leave your side," The Satan admitted with a slight frown.

"I thought the same, but it seems she had other plans," Joshua mused before shrugging. "Well, she'll come back. Why do you want me in this meeting, if you don't mind me asking?"

"Oh, I want to bring her attention to you. Otherwise, you'll be ignored in favor of older, more experienced magicians," Serafall explained, as if she were cheerfully commenting on how good the weather was. It irked Joshua a little, but he knew she was right. However, there was a slight problem with her plan.

"Do I want to get her attention? What if I fail?" He asked then, unsure, as he followed the woman through the crowd.

"Everyone is expecting you to fail already," Serafall pointed out, waving her hand towards the people around them. He was just in time to catch someone that looked to be in his forties or somewhere around that giving him a smug look and raising an eyebrow as he gestured towards the Satan. The guy obviously didn't know who she was, otherwise Joshua doubted he would do that.

"I guess that's that… but bringing me to her attention isn't gonna work against that," He mused.

"Not really, it'll just help you if you succeed," Serafall reassured as she continued skipping her way… somewhere. Joshua still didn't know exactly where they were going or how she knew where to go. At least, until he felt something with Magic Sense. Something extremely powerful, but contained. It was so powerful that it made him pale and almost stumble. "I see you felt Yasaka," Serafall commented.

Joshua wasn't paying attention though. Instead, his mind drifted a little. If that's what a Faction leader felt like, then why hadn't he felt something like this before? Why wasn't he feeling that from Serafall? Or why hadn't he felt that from Ajuka?

"We usually keep our power hidden so as to not disturb people. Yasaka is letting her power show so that people know where she is," Serafall explained happily waving her magical staff around. "I mean, we can feel each other, but weaker people can't so…"

Joshua nodded. Then he paused.

"Doesn't that mean that you can sense Cheshire? Because I… can't," He asked before he trailed off just as he felt his familiar with Magic Sense. Blinking, he noticed that she seemed to be next to someone. Someone that felt particularly… "Oh, you've got to be kidding me."

"I mean, I did feel her," Serafall admitted with a giggle. "But who am I to stop her from helping out, right?"

"You know," Joshua started with a strained smile. "Someday, something around me will be under my control and that day will be glorious."

"You have more control than you think," Serafall commented, looking supremely amused. "It just seems that you aren't really making use of it."

She wasn't entirely wrong, he supposed. Any 'defiance' from his familiars was something he allowed, really. However, he didn't feel like restricting them, that'd feel… wrong.

"I guess… I'd just prefer if things remained calm, for once," He said before sighing.

"Should have stayed away from the supernatural world then, Jo-tan," Serafall replied with a sing-song voice that only made him sigh again. "Cheer up, Jo-tan, she seems to be having fun with her new friend."

Indeed, there was his familiar, now back in cat form. She seemed to be content laying on a little girl's lap as said child petted her. A child that felt distinctly similar to what he'd felt from Yasaka. Nevermind the fact that she had golden hair, fox ears and nine tails coming swaying around behind her… just like the woman that he could now connect with the feeling in his Magic Sense.

"So, you made a new friend, eh, Kunou?" He heard Yasaka ask her daughter and he gulped.

"Mum, I'm just… humoring her," The girl protested with a slight pout.

"Sure you are," The Faction leader commented. "And where did you come from?" She added, turning towards Cheshire. A question which's answer she already knew, if the way she instantly turned towards Joshua and Serafall was any indication. "Serafall, so good to see you," The woman said.

Maybe he was reading too much into it, but Joshua was fairly sure that she was lying. There was also the fact that he knew the Devils and the Youkai faction didn't have the best of relationships. Regardless, Serafall replied as if it had been entirely truthful.

"Yasaka, so good to see you too," She greeted, waving and beaming at the woman. "This is Joshua," She added then, taking his arm between hers and pulling him along. "One of the magicians I brought to help out."

"Is that so?" The Youkai leader asked, raising an eyebrow at him. "Can I ask why your familiar came to my daughter?" For a moment, Joshua considered asking how she knew that Cheshire was his familiar, but he decided to ignore that.

"She does as she wants, most of the time," He replied with a weak shrug. "And I'm here on Shed's behalf, actually, from the Egyptian Pantheon," He clarified then, just to be sure. Better to clear that up quickly before things got out of hand, really. When the woman turned to look at Serafall and then back at him, he added. "Serafall helped me get here and gave me the information, but Shed was the one to contact me first. The Church got in contact with me too, but I already had made a deal."

"Is that so?" The woman asked, tilting her head slightly. At that moment, Joshua felt the Charm through his magic sense, something that Yasaka did too, if the nod she gave was any indication. "Well, it's good to have you here, Mr. Joshua."

"Joshua Davis, but just call me Joshua, I prefer that… Pleasure to meet you, Yasaka-sama," He introduced himself before giving her a long and deep bow. He'd also said that last part in Japanese… he hoped he hadn't butchered it too much, but he could probably be forgiven for that. The bow was done stiffly and awkwardly, but he'd researched it and that's how it was supposed to be on a first meeting with a Japanese person. The deeper and longer the bow went, the more respect it showed… or so he'd read. 'Really hope I'm not messing up.'

Considering that Yasaka bowed back, only slightly and shortly, he thought he'd done the right thing. He'd already known that she wouldn't bow the same way he did, since he was basically a nobody. He wasn't too sure, since he'd never done such an introduction before, but he thought she'd actually given him more respect with her bow than he had expected.

"I see Serafall informed you of more than just what happened here," Yasaka observed.

"Oh no, I just gave him a way to get here and some information on the situation. Not even that much, Yasaka. Jo-tan is just that good!" The Satan corrected, which surprised Joshua a little. Pleasantly at that, since he'd half expected her to just take the credit she'd been given. Then again, maybe she thought that he would correct Yasaka? He wasn't going to, really, but he guessed she didn't know that.

"I see," The Faction leader replied simply as she turned towards him as if he were a puzzle to solve. He simply shrugged with an uneasy smile.

"I started a job here in Japan not so long ago, actually. I thought picking up some things from this country wouldn't hurt," He offered as explanation, which apparently was the wrong thing to say. Yasaka instantly tensed, the tails that had been gently swaying behind her until that point almost straightened.

"What Joshua is trying to say is that he's been working with my sister, Yasaka," Serafall said and he noticed instantly that there was no cutesy magical girl voice then and there. Apparently, he'd messed up already. 'I'm suddenly glad that Serafall decided to come with me.'

"I see," Yasaka repeated, this time visibly calming herself. "I'm sorry. I've been… restless, since this whole ordeal came about."

"I get it," He told her. "I've been in a similar situation myself," He added, remembering the time when he and Jeanne had Khaos Brigade's threat hanging over their heads. "With Khaos Brigade themselves too, if you can believe that."

"Oh?"

"They came after you too?"

The question made him blink as he turned to look at the girl - 'Kunou was the name, right? I really should try to remember that.' - that was looking at them from the side. Cheshire was still sprawled on her lap, but her attention was definitely on the conversation, it seemed. She was looking at him curiously, the tails behind her seemingly pointing at him.

"Let's say I… inadvertently gained their attention," He explained, forcing a smile on his face. Those were definitely not happy memories. "It's actually how I came in contact with the Devils. To solve that issue."

"And you think you can help us with them now?" Yasaka asked, clearly skeptical. Joshua supposed that was fair, after all, if he hadn't been able to help himself, what could he do for them?

"I've made it my mission to get as good at defenses as I could manage," He explained. "I like to think I've done a decent job so far. If I can help you or not remains to be seen though. However-"

"Ah, Lady Yasaka!" Someone called then, making the three of them turn towards a… somewhat old man, from what Joshua could tell. He was well dressed, with a suit that looked pretty expensive. Not that someone like Joshua could tell that, but that's the impression he got. "Alastor Doyle, from Golden Dawn, a pleasure to meet you," The man announced as he approached, extending his hand.

Somewhat, awkwardly, Joshua stepped back as the magician, Alastor, started speaking with Yasaka. Nervously, he turned towards Serafall, who was looking at the two through slightly narrowed eyes. Sighing, he wondered what he was even supposed to do. He could pitch back in the conversation, but he didn't know if that would insult the magic association or something like that.

Before he, or Serafall, could do anything though, little Kunou took a decision of her own.

"Can you keep them away from us?" The girl asked him, making him turn back towards her. She looked… strangely calm for such a young child and after what she'd had to experience. However, her words and her eyes betrayed what she really felt. He smiled softly at her before taking a few steps towards her. He would have approached more, but he wasn't sure if that would set the people around and, more importantly, her mother on edge.

"I'll do my best," He answered, trying to look as confident as possible.

"Do you have a plan?" Kunou asked then, making him blink. Not only because of the question, but also because he'd just realized how serious the girl sounded. Hell, she seemed to mean more business than Serafall had for as long as he'd known her. Which admittedly wasn't much, but still.

"I have some ideas," He replied then with a nod before an idea formed in his mind. "Want me to show you one?" He asked, pulling a stack of cards from his pocket.

The girl frowned at them, clearly unimpressed. Smiling at her, he carefully shuffled the cards in a specific way and pulled a handful of them. His Dexterity might not be all that for the supernatural world, but it was enough to pull off sleight of hand, that much he knew.

"Choose one," He told her, showing her the cards, extending his arm as much as possible to cover the remaining distance between the two. That only made her frown deepen, but so long as she played along, he was fine with that. Despite her obvious opinion on the matter though, she did as he asked.

"Now what?" She asked impatiently, sounding much more like a child. If he was honest, Joshua preferred that much more than that stoic expression and flat tone, really.

"Now," He started, pulling out a pen from one of his cards and writing something on another. "I just have to do a little something…" He mumbled slowly before presenting the pen to the girl. "Now you write something on the card, yeah?"

Bemused, the girl took it hesitantly before doing what he asked.

"I thought… you were going to show me your plan," The girl pointed out, obviously growing annoyed.

"I am," He replied with a nod and a calm smile. Now that she was finished, he took the card he'd written on and held it in his left hand. Then, snapping the fingers on his right hand, the circle on his card activated and both his and her cards lit up. A split second later, the light disappeared. Looking at the card in his hand, he chuckled. "This is stupid, huh?" He read as the girl looked at the card in her hand. "I guess it might be."

"You swapped the cards?" She asked, blinking at the one in her hand. With her eyebrows raising, she did as the card read, placing it on her hand and making it face up. Then the card lit up again as miniature fireworks shot up from it.

How? Well, he'd used one of his training exercises from a while back, actually. One of the cards that he'd drawn illusion circles on when he'd been working on that particular magic. He'd also mixed in Switching circles in many of his cards to practice too. However, he didn't think a Storage spell would be quite as eye-catching.

Now, Joshua would like nothing more than to say he'd seen such a situation coming when he came for this job. That he'd planned to meet Yasaka's daughter and thus had decided to bring something to entertain her… However, that would be a very blatant lie, really.

After all, the fact was that he just liked to have most of his cards on him at all times, just in case he needed them. No matter how ridiculous it sounded, since most of his illusion cards were little more than a light show or party tricks. It didn't cost him anything to carry them though, so better to have them and not need them than to need them and not have them, is what he'd decided.

"I… don't understand?" The girl said after a moment, looking at the fireworks still.

"One of my plans is to place either a teleporting or a switching circle that'll activate if the wards are pierced through, taking anyone that should be protected away," He explained to her, gaining her attention once more. Although, her eyes darted back to the illusion every so often. Sitting on the ground in front of Kunou, he continued. "I haven't trained with that for this job, so I'll have to read up on it some more, but I think it's doable, and it's not in the list of wards that your mother presented in here," He said, picking up the file he'd left next to him and placing it on his lap.

"I see," The girl mumbled, although it seemed that her focus was mostly on the illusion. He smiled at her, amused.

"Say, I have some other illusions, if you are interested," He offered, gaining her full attention this time. "They are actually another idea of mine. Make illusions of anything and anyone that could be a target that also activates if someone gets through the wards. Maybe even have illusions around at all times."

"Can I see the other illusions?" The girl asked and Joshua could almost see the anime stars in her eyes. When he chuckled though, Kunou seemed to realize that she'd 'broken character' for a second. "I mean… Just to check if they are good enough to use," She corrected and he smiled indulgently at her before nodding.

"Of course," He 'accepted', pulling out a few more of his illusion cards.

"So, those are your ideas?" Joshua heard, making him blink and turn his head to be met with Yasaka, Serafall and the guy from the magic association. 'What was his name again?' He wondered to himself.

He blinked again, taking the sight in. The Youkai leader looked between him and Kunou for a moment, a curious expression on her face. The Devil leader, for her part, had a grin that would have completed Cheshire's look quite well. Lastly, the magician looked… very angry, even if he tried to hide it.

"Hm, yeah, these are the ideas I came up with. I'd need to check what wards are there again and do some more research. I didn't have this much information when I prepared to come here," Joshua explained, snapping his fingers to activate the circle on the card that was on Kunou's hand before taking the file he'd been given before.

Instantly, an illusion of a plant started growing from the card like it was a real life time lapse video.

"And about those cards," Yasaka started then. "Any chance I can buy some of them for Kunou?"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, writing this was more fun than usual. Here's hoping that you guys enjoy it as much as I did, because I had a great time with this. Especially considering that last week was… not the best.

Random Question: What do you think about the story so far?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 364 others
Adrian King
Jul 6, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 37 - Raise Above The Rest New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#169
Raise Above The Rest

"Mooom!" Kunou whined, which almost made Joshua laugh. He managed to hold that down, sure that it wouldn't go well with the child. "I don't need more of this, they are just…" She trailed off then, looking at the plant still growing and twisting, a small bud forming to then open into a white flower. It was beautiful, if Joshua did say so himself.

"That so? Then I guess we can return them to Joshua?" Yasaka asked, which instantly drew wide eyes from the little girl. This time Joshua did chuckle.

"She can keep them," He said, giving her a handful of his cards. "They are things I made while I was practicing with illusions. I've kept them around, but I'm fine giving them to her. If Kunou wants them, at least."

"Uh… Hm!" The girl hummed in agreement, apparently too embarrassed to say that she wanted them. Joshua just smiled at her before passing her a handful of his illusion cards.

"They are very good tricks," The magician from the association - 'Golden Dawn, was it?' Joshua tried to remember - pointed out. The younger man didn't miss the mocking undertone of his words, that was for sure. "But if I could interest you in our talk for the defense of your home, Lady Yasaka?" The man all but urged the Youkai leader, which Joshua thought was pretty brave of him. Must have been someone pretty high up… or someone very brave, maybe.

"Ah, yes, Doyle-san was telling us about his plan to place several layers of defensive and detection spells, Joshua," Yasaka started then, turning back to him. "Do you have an opinion on that?"

"Lady Yasaka, this young man looks to be quite new to these processes. While I'm sure he could have some ideas-"

"I think it sounds stupid," Joshua interrupted, growing tired of the man already. Judging by the beaming smile Serafall was giving him, he hadn't screwed anything up just yet.

"Oh, and why is that?" Yasaka asked as she looked curiously between the two magicians. Doyle, or whatever his name was, had turned red in the face as he visibly tried to keep appearances and failed miserably.

"Well… this is Dimension Lost we are trying to stop," Joshua started, opening the file to check his facts before speaking. "Maybe it's because I'm young and inexperienced," He added, side-eyeing the man next to him. "But I wouldn't even try to go against that in any way. So, I think it's best to find an alternate way to protect people inside the wards. So, as I was showing Kunou," He waved at the girl, who was smiling down at a 'snow globe' illusion that took out the actual globe from the equation. "I'd try to either move what I'm trying to protect somewhere else or hide it with illusions."

"Hm," The woman hummed as she looked at him through narrowed eyes.

"Excuse me," Goyle, or whatever he was called, interjected before anything else could be said. "But what association do you come from, young man?" He asked, looking down his nose at Joshua.

The young man himself regarded his fellow magician for a moment. 'Is this anime logic at work?' He mused, because surely something had to be up with this man, right? People weren't like that in real life… right? Or was it maybe something related to something related to the supernatural world? Maybe being a magician had skewed the man's perception?...

Or maybe he was just that much of an idiot. Anything could be, he supposed.

"I'm self-taught," Joshua replied, giving the man a smile.

"I see," The magician mumbled, clearly unimpressed. "Lady Yasaka, surely you can see that leaving this in the hands of Golden Dawn is the right call."

"What do you think of Joshua's ideas, Mr. Doyle?" The Youkai leader asked instead of replying to the man. She also reminded Joshua of the magician's name. 'Should probably try to remember,' He thought, not very dedicated to the idea.

"While they might have some merit behind them, I think it'd be better to leave these defenses to people with more experience and knowledge on the subject, don't you, Lady Yasaka?" Doyle explained to which Joshua had to reluctantly agree. He might have good ideas, but magicians backed and taught by a whole association likely could do a better job at it than he could.

"Serafall, if I could get your opinion on this?" Yasaka asked, making the addressed woman blink for a second. A second in which Joshua saw Doyle look at the magical girl in confusion before the expression of realization settled instead. It was most amusing to see his face pale, he would admit.

"Jo-tan is the best for this job, I can tell you that," The Satan pipped then, after having stayed silent for a good while. "Ajuka himself vouches for him," She added, which was something Joshua himself was unaware of. What had the man said about him? "Give him time and loooots of books and Jo-tan will do a great job, for sure," Serafall concluded with a 'serious' nod.

It was then that the Charm of Shed sent a pulse of… something. It meant absolutely nothing to Joshua, but it seemed to catch the two leaders' attention. Then, Yasaka nodded and waved a hand.

"Lady Yasaka?" Doyle asked, apparently just as lost as Joshua himself, which was a small comfort.

"Joshua, if you would follow this servant? I have finished my business over here," The Youkai leader told him as another person with a crow head and black wings appeared next to them. It wasn't the same that had given him the file though, he noticed judging by the clothes. "Now, Mr. Doyle, if we could continue this chat. I'm sure Serafall is most interested."

Which she wasn't, if her betrayed expression was anything to go by.

"If you'd follow me, sir," The crow-person told him, to which Joshua nodded.

Maybe he'd finally get to start working on the wards… Or maybe he was just being sent away… either way, he'd get to work on wards, which was nice. That was more his speed, honestly. Furthermore, Joshua was already excited at the prospect of making a Longinus proof ward array, for Yasaka or just for himself. He wanted to sit down and get to it already.

Besides, God knew he wasn't made for social interactions, let alone politics.

[}-o-{]​

Apparently, he wasn't being sent home, which was nice.

'Thank God that I decided to bring my books,' Joshua mused as he settled in a room with several tables. The table where he had to sit on the ground to use was… interesting, but at least there were cushions, so that was nice. He wasn't complaining, honestly, but that could just as well be because his mind was too immersed on his ward planning.

He'd barely managed to get a message out to Jeanne explaining how things were going. Apparently, they had all decided to stay in the place Serafall had gotten them for the day, to get used to the place. Joshua was fairly sure that his sister wanted to wait so that they could go together for the first touristic outing.

With that out of the way, he'd gotten his books out of his Storage cards and started going through stuff while taking notes on a blank notebook. There were Youkai around, keeping an eye on him, but he pushed them out of his mind. Well, except for the one that brought tea, that was very much appreciated.

'Ok, the switch spell should be doable, same for the teleport… I think switching might be better though,' He mused. Yes, teleport would be great for getting Yasaka, Kunou or whoever else out, but why stop at that? Switching could help drop a nasty surprise on the attackers, and that was much better in his opinion. What would need to be determined, probably by the Youkai. He had some ideas, but ultimately, they would choose what would be a suitable in-the-moment punishment.

Illusions… would be tricky. Joshua had appearance, sound and smell down already after much work. However, if he wanted to make an effective illusion, he would need to fool more than just those senses. The sense of touch was one, but he needed more. He needed to fool Magic Sense, maybe even Senjutsu. His books didn't detail anything for the latter and very little for the former though.

'Guess I'll have to work that out myself. Ask for more books… Serafall should be able to provide me with some more, even if temporarily. She's already getting a much better deal than the Church, so that should be fine, right?' Joshua mused with a frown as he noted something on a new page.

He was mostly making plans for now. The actual ward crafting would come after he talked all his plans with Yasaka and whoever else he had to check with. For the moment, he needed to brainstorm.

'What else could I use in here?' He mused, tapping the tip of his pensil on a corner of the page.

"Davis-sama," Someone said and Joshua looked up and blinked. A crow-person passed him a file. 'I gotta look for Youkai type names and actually try to remember them.'

"I was already given one though," He mumbled as he looked at the thing, it looked about the same as the one he'd been given. Opening it showed nothing new. 'Looks thicker though, doesn't it?' He noticed, glancing at the one he'd left on the table off to the side.

"This one is more complete and detailed, Davis-sama," The woman - it was a woman, apparently, which was difficult to tell between the robes and the crow head thing - informed him which made his eyebrows rise. Skimming over the information, he confirmed what she said. There were many wards that hadn't been noted in the previous file. Together with many details that he'd considered asking for. After all, he'd have to take into account existing defenses into his wards and for that he needed precise information.

"Thank you," He mumbled absently. "And call me Joshua. I don't like being called Davis," He added a little more firmly but with his eyes locked on the file.

"Of course, Joshua-sama," The Youkai said before leaving.

'Should have told them to stop with the -sama too… something for later,' Joshua mused, quickly pushing the thought aside. He had more info to process and take into account. Then he'd have to check that with the ideas that he already had and see if he came up with anything new. After that he'd have to…

He paused.

He looked to the side.

He stared.

"Um… I… don't know how to use the cards," Kunou asked from where she sat next to him, trying and failing to look uninterested… or whatever it was that she was attempting to do. Honestly, he was a little confused by that whole thing.

'Right, I was the one activating her cards,' He realized, clicking his tongue. That seemed to make the girl tense up, her expression emptying.

"Ok then," He muttered, clearing the space in front of Kunou and himself. "Let's see how talented you are with magic, yeah? Do you know how to use it in the first place?"

"Um… Youkai use Senjutsu and Youjutsu mainly," She told him, to which he nodded. He knew that already, but he had to check. He sighed. "I apologize for disappointing."

"No, it's fine," He waved off as he considered that. 'With any luck, she won't be as hopeless as Jeanne is with magic,' He thought to himself. Otherwise, he would have to set up a way for non-magicians to use his cards which… should be doable, yeah, but it would be difficult and require lots of spell modification. He had other things to focus on at the moment. "Let's start simple, yeah?"

The girl hummed and Joshua had to hold back on telling her just how adorable she looked. He had a feeling that wouldn't go well with her.

"So, can you feel your own magic?" He asked, trying to find where he needed to actually start.

"I can," She answered instantly and with complete seriousness, as if she wasn't here doing this to play with illusion cards.

"Have you used it for anything?" He continued.

"I… haven't," She admitted then, as if that was something to be ashamed of.

"You are young, don't worry," Joshua reassured. When that didn't seem to help - rather the contrary, actually - he decided to continue. "Besides, you've been focusing on different things, as a Youkai, right?" She nodded at that, which he took as a win. "That's fine. So, I think we can start with…" Then he trailed off as something occurred to him. "Also, if you need me to speak in Japanese just let me know, yeah?"

"Um," She hummed with a small smile. "Mum made sure I was taught to speak English though so… I shouldn't have problems with it."

"Well, teaching you in it might be stretching it," He replied with a smile. "But we'll see. Just keep it in mind. I'm no Japanese expert but maybe we can try to sort it out, yes?"

She nodded.

"Ok then, let's get started with this."

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

Joshua Davis was a gift, she was sure.

Maybe she didn't know where he came from, but he had to be. Maybe she could get into contact with the Egyptian Pantheon to find out. From what they knew, Joshua shouldn't have had any contact with them, but maybe it was something in his past? Unlikely, since they had found nothing supernatural at all in his background besides when he seemingly joined their side of the world less than a year before.

Regardless of his past though, Joshua had done her a massive favor. If Serafall hadn't known any better, she'd have thought he did it on purpose. First, his familiar gave him a great first impression through Yasaka's daughter. 'Which reminds me, I need to do something nice for that cat too,' Serafall noted to herself.

Joshua had made a good first impression regardless. Serafall knew that his short dealings with Khaos Brigade would help a little, but things had gone much better than she expected. Even without that, Joshua going out of his way to learn Japanese and their etiquette was something she hadn't expected. That was sure to earn him some points.

Especially with a bad candidate to compare with him such as Alastor Doyle. Serafall would have given the man a piece of her mind when he interrupted their chat with Yasaka, however, the man was actually helping them. After all, with his conceited attitude alone he'd made Joshua look good. On top of that, the man made Joshua's efforts to learn from the culture and his more calm, humble personality look all the better.

Serafall was almost tempted to search for Doyle and thank him.

Almost.

Then there had been the whole illusion show that both entertained little Kunou and presented his ideas to Yasaka. Again, if Serafall hadn't known any better, she'd thought Joshua had set that up. She did though, and thus she knew that it was probably just that Joshua had wanted to entertain the child.

"I'm almost glad that you are here," Yasaka said next to her, which made Serafall beam excitedly at her.

"That so? I knew you'd like for me to visit, Yasaka!" Serafall cheered.

"I said almost," The Youkai leader said massaging her temple even as a tired smile formed on her face. "It seems that there's no one else that would do," She mused out loud, even if it seemed to be something done mostly to herself.

"Not curious about how your daughter is doing?" Serafall asked, she hadn't seen the child for a while already though. Maybe someone had picked her up or she'd just left.

"She's in good hands, I'm sure," Yasaka said, giving her a smile that told Serafall that Kyubi knew something she didn't. The Satan pouted. There was no need to be mean and rub it in her face.

"Are we gonna look for her? I want to see the cutie again already," She asked childishly. It was curious, she couldn't feel the child anywhere close so, either Yasaka had hidden her presence or she'd been taken away from the place entirely. Probably the former. Serafall couldn't see the Youkai leader sending her child away from herself anytime soon with what had happened.

"We are, indeed," Yasaka replied with a nod. "It seems that I may have to thank you for bringing Joshua. He seems to be the most promising of the people that showed up, which is surprising."

"Are you being a meanie to Jo-tan now?" She asked through narrowed eyes, prompting a laugh from Yasaka.

"Nothing of the sort," She waved off instantly. "But his background doesn't lend to high expectations, from what I've heard so far. It speaks of his talent though, that he is here."

"Anyway~" Serafall started then, skipping a bit in her steps. "I can't take credit for Joshua being here. Shed took that right out of my hands, it seems."

"Hm, be that as it may, you brought him here. Even if Shed wouldn't have, the church would, but instead it was you. Not many humans would take the help of the Devils over that of the Church. Especially if they aren't directly on your side," She reasoned out loud casually.

"Hm, I guess that could be," Serafall replied dismissively. Truly it had been a blessing that despite Joshua already being contracted, he hadn't had means or information for the job. A little too convenient in Serafall's opinion, but she hadn't seen how that could be a bad thing for her and her people, honestly.

"Furthermore, I know Shed," Yasaka continued, this time fully getting Serafall's attention. She'd found very little regarding the Egyptian god, or very little that she could use, at least. "He's elusive. Hasn't shown up for much for as long as I've lived. What I've been told is that he spends much of his time dwelling in the energies of the world more than living in it."

That was interesting, not that unusual but certainly enough to be curious. Gods were connected to the energies, the concepts that made everything. Especially those from their personal domains. A god that looked into that side of the world more than normal picking up on Joshua specifically… There was something going on there. It also reminded Serafall of her previous line of thought. Was it coincidence that Joshua hadn't been given anything for this contract or was it intentional?

"Does that mean you aren't angry with us anymore?" Serafall asked, putting on her best 'puppy dog eyes'. Yasaka simply raised an eyebrow at her.

"The Devils and the Church have some nerve, expecting to be forgiven so easily for making a mess in our territory, after having the gall to call it yours," Yasaka all but growled. "Kuoh is part of my territory, no matter what delusions your two sides have about it. The Belial House might have made a deal to get some control over it, but ultimately, it's still ours."

Yeah, Serafall guessed as much. That had been a point of contention with the Youkai and, less directly, with the Shintou Pantheon. The Cleria Belial incident had only made things worse, really.

"I had to try," Serafall replied wryly. "If you need anything for this, just say the word," She added, now more seriously, as she looked around the now almost empty garden that had previously contained all the magicians that had shown up.

"I'll keep it in mind," Yasaka said simply, but not dismissively. That was a victory as far as Serafall was concerned. At least, it was until she saw the Youkai all but freeze where she stood. "Shimizu?" She asked, looking at one of the other Youkai outside the building behind the garden. "Where is Kunou?"

"Oh, Yasaka-sama," The woman replied with a beaming smile, contrasting the now worried leader. "Kunou-sama is ok, don't worry. We've been keeping an eye on her from a distance. We didn't think she would appreciate us interrupting. I'm sorry if we were wrong."

"Interrupting?" Yasaka asked, now confused before her eyes widened slightly. Now Serafall was getting more and more curious by the second, if she was honest. Especially because she couldn't sense the little girl. As she followed the Youkai leader, she soon understood what was going on.

"This is difficult," Little Kunou complained, pouting at Joshua who was sitting next to her.

"It is," He agreed with her. "I had to work a lot to make those cards. I actually made them as practice, you see. So, you could say I was working on illusions even while making those."

"I won't be able to do this, will I?" The dejected girl asked, looking down at the cards in her hands.

"Of course you will. It'll just take some time," Joshua reassured with a soft smile. "Besides, you only have to learn how to make it work, not how to make them. It shouldn't take too long to do that much, I promise."

"You promise?" The girl asked sharply, as if giving his word were a magical oath. Although, considering who she was, Serafall supposed for someone like her, who was being raised to be a leader like her mother, it would be just about the same.

"Sure. I'll be around here for a while," The man replied with a nod, as he noted something on his notebook absently before giving his attention back to Kunou. "I can spare some time to teach you no problem. You have to get permission from your mother though."

"She certainly won't mind," Yasaka commented, finally making their presence known.

"Mom, weren't you…?" Little Kunou started before trailing off as she saw the room they were in, now with several magicians inside. Apparently, the girl hadn't noticed anything but her 'class'.

"Oh, you are so cute," Serafall exclaimed, barely containing herself from hugging the Youkai princess. That might not have gone so well.

"She really is," Joshua agreed with a smirk as the girl pouted.

"Isn't she?" Yasaka agreed, beaming proudly at them.

The girl in question, for her part, pouted even more and looked down at her cards.

"Say, Kunou, why don't you show your mother what I was teaching you?" Joshua asked then, drawing a worried look from the child. "Don't worry. It's been a very short time. Nobody's expecting you to know everything. But you've already made progress, right?"

"I… but…"

"Don't worry about it," He reassured as he saw her hesitating. "It's just an idea. We can leave it for later, if you want," He told her with a smile.

"You are really good with children, Jo-tan," Serafall commented then, looking at him with an exaggerated, impressed expression.

"They are simpler than adults. At least I don't have to worry about politics with them," He commented with a grimace of a smile. "No offense," He added as she pouted.

"Too true," Yasaka agreed with a grimace of her own. Then she blinked and looked intently at Kunou, making the other two turn too.

In the girl's hand, a card was being stared by the Youkai princess. After a moment of nothing happening, a slight shine appeared over the circle drawn on it. Then, almost as soon as it appeared, it fizzled out of existence.

"I couldn't do it," Kunou mumbled dejectedly.

"That was pretty good," Joshua commented. "It was!" He defended when the girl looked at him incredulously. "You wouldn't believe how long it took my sister to get that much and she's a lot older than you are," He explained. Serafall wasn't sure how much Jeanne would appreciate the comment regarding her age, but she'd keep quiet about it… for the time being. Really, Joshua should know better already.

"Really?" Kunou asked shyly. "You are not just saying that?"

"Of course not, I'll have you crafting your own illusions in no time, you'll see," He boasted confidently, drawing a giggle from the girl. "Now, how about you tell me what you did and we can see where you need to improve or what you need to do differently, yes?"

The girl hummed happily before starting to describe the process of the magic. Meanwhile, Serafall shared a look with Yasaka. Yes, Joshua seemed to have a rather focused mind, for better or worse. In this case though, she was fairly sure it was for the better.

Especially so when one took into account the smile on the Youkai leader's face as she looked at her daughter learning magic.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Man, Kunou is just too cute. I can't not write about her. How did I even get this far without having her here?

On a serious note, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What is/are your favorite part/s of this story?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 366 others
Adrian King
Jul 6, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 38 - The Vibrations On The Floor- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#178
The Vibrations On The Floor-

"Next time, you are the one that comes with me, understood?" Joshua told Margalo as they walked, the small bird perched on his shoulder. She replied with a cheerful chirping that he was sure meant that she was all too happy to hang around him more if he wanted. She was a sweetheart like that.

What he wasn't so sure about was if the way Cheshire threw her head to the side meant she was rolling her eyes at him or not. Considering the circumstances and what he knew of her thought… it was likely. She could be mean like that.

"Yes, you can come too, girl," He said, chuckling as he felt Morag pull on his hair. At his words though, she relaxed where she stood on his other shoulder. Sometimes she got jealous like that.

"Can you focus? I can't believe we are here and all you do is… normal stuff? Aren't you seeing this?" Jeanne scolded him incredulously, to which he blinked at her. He was almost shocked that she'd been able to pull her eyes away from her camera and stop taking pictures for a bit.

"Jeanne, what are you talking about? I'm looking around too, this place is beautiful," He replied, slightly wide-eyed. He wasn't even lying, really.

Koinzan Saiho-ji, also known as Koke-Dera, also known as the Moss Temple was a beautiful place, to be sure. Everywhere he looked was covered in lively green, the moss forming a sort of carpet over everything. It was a striking sight, really. Hell, Joshua had even enjoyed the meditation they'd had to do before entering. Not that it was that much different from what he usually did while training, but still.

"I even took a few photos," He added when Jeanne continued staring at him, bringing his own camera up as 'proof'.

"How many?" She prodded.

"I took like ten, you are even in a few of them, you saw me taking them," He replied incredulously. Then that turned into confusion when he saw her sag dejectedly.

"That's it?" She said, as if she couldn't believe him.

"Yeah? What's the point of being here if all I look at is the screen of the camera? Might as well just look up pictures on the internet," He explained himself.

"I… guess," She admitted, even though it looked like she really disagreed with him.

"Come on, enjoy the sight for yourself, we don't have all the time in the world," Joshua told her, getting a reluctant nod from the teenager. Really, how ungrateful could she be? This was one visit they weren't even going to do before he'd come back from the Youkai's place.

After a short talk with Yasaka and some help from Serafall, the local leader had graciously agreed to help him give his sister a little present. Thus, Yasaka had made the visit possible. After all, the Moss Temple only accepted visits with reservation and one couldn't even make a reservation for a specific time, since those varied. That had meant that the place had been scrapped from their list of visits, since he didn't know what his schedule would look like on the job.

That had been a shame, since Jeanne had really wanted to come.

'Kunou will get the best classes I can possibly give her, that's for sure,' Joshua resolved as he looked at the awed expression on Jeanne's face. The place was a nice one to visit for Joshua himself too, really. He just wasn't as tourist crazy as his sister, evidently.

"At least Nagini is with me on this," He heard Jeanne mutter to herself, earning a hiss from the snake that was wrapped around her. Apparently, his snake familiar was rather keen on enjoying the sights. She was even encouraging Jeanne to take more pictures. That was something he hadn't seen coming, that's for sure.

He'd have expected that from Morag, but the little spider seemed content with just appreciating the sights on her own without pictures. Considering that she liked having Joshua draw like crazy, he'd half expected to have to take a few photographs for her too, but that hadn't been the case. Maybe she just liked preserving her own art instead of beautiful things in general? Food for thought.

As he appreciated the temple, however, Joshua's mind drifted the smallest bit. Jeanne really seemed to like this type of thing, that was something he'd have to note down. Maybe they could go on trips to visit places from time to time, they could certainly afford to, of that there was no doubt.

Moreover, now that they'd both quit the job at the cafe, they'd have more time for whatever they wanted. He'd been reluctant to do so, but ultimately, with this job requiring an indefinite amount of time, it was what they had to do. Joshua wouldn't forget Peter's words when they left anytime soon though.

"I'm glad that you've got your feet back under you again, Joshua. Good luck," His boss had told him when they'd last spoken. Joshua would make sure to arrange a donation of some kind through Sairaorg at some point. Peter deserved that much, at the very least.

The point was that they could travel if Jeanne wanted. Hell, he wanted to see some other places too, even if he wasn't as enthusiastic as her. However, the main thing was that Joshua suspected that Jeanne enjoyed it so much because she hadn't had that freedom before. Now, he would give it to her if she wanted.

Besides…

"What's money good for if you don't enjoy it?" His mother would usually say. "Why not use it to travel and see new places? Why would one just sit on it and do nothing? What's the point then?"

'You'd have liked Jeanne, mum,' He thought to himself, not for the first time.

"I swear to God, Joshua, if you are thinking about wards," His sister threatened and he chuckled.

"Not at all, Gin-tan, not at all," He replied, earning himself a growl and punch.

It was worth it, though.

[}-o-{]​

'A protective god who guarded against personal harm from wild animals or mortal enemies,' Joshua read from his notes, not for the first time. 'Known as "He Who Rescues" and "The Enchanter". He was lord of the wild animals and weapons.'

There wasn't much to be picked up about Shed, Joshua had quickly found. That was almost all that he had managed to find on the internet, and the books he'd checked didn't say all that much either, unfortunately.

'At least there's nothing saying he's bad or anything of the sort,' Joshua thought with a wry smile as he looked at the Charm that he'd left to the side on the table. If he was honest, support and all, Shed still made him more than a little nervous. Gods didn't have a reputation of being… good to mortals, at least back in his world. This world's internet painted much the same picture, but the supernatural books told the stories slightly differently…

It left Joshua not knowing what to trust. After all, supernatural books could have their own bias, right? What if those were painted better than they actually were? Even if it was a middle ground between the two, he still didn't know how much he liked his chances.

"Not gonna lie," He muttered to himself as he picked up the Charm. "The fact that you won't talk to me and that you can do… what you do, doesn't help much, buddy," He said, not wanting to talk about the system. He found that supremely suspicious. How did the God interfere? Was he the one to make the System?

That couldn't be, could it?

Except that it could, but why would Shed take him from another reality and throw him in this one? Why give him the system at all? Why go through all that trouble only to leave him to his own devices. It made no sense and it was driving him crazy.

The sense of amusement he got from the Charm didn't help.

With a sigh, he set the thing down and massaged his forehead.

'Focus on the job, Josh,' He thought to himself as he stored the notebook inside a card and started going over his notes for the wards. 'Break's over, I guess.'

"Another cup of tea?" He heard Jeanne from another room, probably having heard him sigh.

"Sure!" He called in response. Absently, he heard Nagini slithering her way towards him, but he didn't turn to look at her. This was a common occurrence already, really. "Hey there, girl," He greeted with a smile as she started climbing her way up his body and came to rest wrapped around his chest with her head hanging over his right shoulder. "Got tired of looking at pictures with Jeanne, huh?" He teased, only to receive a light smack of her tail.

Nagini and Jeanne seemed to have bonded quite a lot with their touristic ways, actually. While Joshua had to stay at home or go to the Youkai's place to work on his plans and wards, the two of them wasted no time whatsoever going around and taking as many photographs as possible. They would often take Cheshire, Morag and Margalo too, but those would usually choose between the two's outings or keeping Joshua company.

He'd told them to go if they wanted, but it seemed his feline and arachnid familiars were of the same mind as him when it came to sightseeing. As for Margalo, she liked it well enough, but not nearly as much as the serpent and the teenager. Thus, he found himself having at least two familiars with him at all times.

He wasn't complaining about that, that was for sure.

"I've missed you though," He mumbled as he laid a hand on Nagini's head. With a hiss, she pressed her nose against his cheek, making him smile. "I'm gonna make time to go out with you two again soon, I promise."

[}-o-{]​

"Relax, Kunou, you are too tense," Joshua urged the little girl as she frustrated herself into failing at her attempts at magic. "Come on, again, with me," He told her and, when she pouted at him, he raised an eyebrow. After a moment, she deflated. "Close your eyes," He instructed softly and she did as told. "Take a deep breath in and then let it out, relaxing your muscles, especially your shoulders."

After that, the girl opened her eyes and looked at the cards in front of her. She hadn't progressed much through the week, really. She got some sparks of light here and there, but little else. Joshua was convinced that it was because she expected too much of herself, something that he couldn't really do much about, sadly.

"Come on, why are you so frustrated? This is a process. I'd feel kind of annoyed if you got it right away. I had to work for it too, you know?" He asked, grinning to tell her that he was only joking… sort of.

"I know. It's just… I don't like failing," The girl said and he rolled his eyes.

"Failing is part of life," Joshua told her, placing a hand over her head and ruffling her hair, much to her dismay. "Everyone fails and anyone that says otherwise is lying."

"Mother doesn't fail," She mumbled, probably without meaning to be heard.

"Even your mother must have failed at some point," Joshua told her, hoping that he wasn't insulting the woman in some way. It wasn't meant to be an insult, really. "We are here for a reason, aren't we?" He asked, waving his hand to signal the rest of the magicians in the room. He'd cast a Sound Dampening ward around them and a slight Illusion to make it so that nobody could read their lips. Call him paranoid, but he didn't want anyone knowing anything of what they talked. He was grateful for that at that moment, that was for sure.

He was sure that Yasaka could see right through all that, but she wasn't in the room so he was hopefully safe… 'Better not to think about that too much.'

When he saw the disbelieving look on her face, he decided to switch tactics.

"Even so, nobody expects you to be just like her. Everyone's different, you know?" He told her, a soft smile forming on his face as he looked towards the books on the table for a moment. "I'm nothing like my parents, for example. And that's fine. They wouldn't want me to be just like them either way."

"... People do want me to be like her though," Kunou mumbled this time.

"They are idiots, then," Joshua told her, completely serious. "You will never be like your mother," He said, before turning to grin at her. "But that doesn't mean you'll fail. You can be just as good without being like her. You can even be better than her."

Ignoring him, the girl took one of the cards and tried again. Unsurprisingly, she only got the smallest of shines before it disappeared. She deflated again, making him sigh.

"Ok, I think that's enough for today. You are clearly too frustrated to continue," Joshua decided then. "We can work on this later on."

"No, I-"

"Kunou, it's fine," He reassured softly with a smile as he activated the illusion spell on one of his cards. "We'll continue tomorrow," He added before turning to his notes and books.

"... They are talking," The girl mumbled then.

"Hm?" He prodded, blinking before giving his attention back to her.

"One of the other magicians. He's saying that you are wasting your time. That it'll be better for them because it'll make you look bad," The girl said, fidgeting with another card as she looked at the small show in front of her.

Absently, Joshua wondered who was talking about him. His first guess would have been Doyle, but he hadn't seen the man since the interview day. His eyes darted towards the other magicians, but none stood out as a 'culprit'.

'Maybe I can see about modifying the sound proofing so that it can block them?' Josua considered them. He'd left the outer sound being able to come in case someone called for him or, admittedly more probably, Kunou. He couldn't very well completely block the outside, considering who he was teaching magic.

"It doesn't matter. I'm not doing this to look good. I'm doing this because I want to do this, end of the story," Joshua told her, pushing other thoughts to the side. "Let them talk. People will always talk, it's how they are. Besides, they are probably jealous of me. I get to have your adorable self to keep me company while they only have… each other," He explained, giving a mock shudder at the end.

"I'm not adorable," Kunou denied then, pouting in a way that worked completely against her. He gave her a half-smile before planting a hand over her head and ruffling her hair.

"You totally are," He told her with a chuckle.

"Joshua!" She whined like the child she was.

"I see you are having fun," A new voice said.

"Yasaka-sama/Lady Yasaka," A now familiar chorus of voices called then and there, clearing any doubts as to who it could be. Not that Joshua wouldn't recognize the voice of his current boss and mother of the girl he was teaching.

"Yasaka-sama, good to see you," He greeted after dispelling the Sound Dampening ward with a wave of his hand. "Things going alright?"

"As good as they can be," She replied, taking a seat next to him. "How are the classes going?"

"We are… having some troubles, but-"

"I can't make them work," Kunou interrupted then, pouting down at the display of the illusion in front of her.

"We are having some trouble," Joshua repeated, giving the woman a slightly exasperated expression. "We'll get over that. Kunou is just letting her frustration get to her."

"Is that so?" She asked, looking between the two with an expression that he couldn't read. "Well, I hope you are right. Kunou was really excited that first day."

"Oka-san!" The girl whined weakly.

"We'll get there, even if I have to stay here after the job is done," Joshua promised before pausing. "If I'm allowed to, of course."

"Hm, I'm inclined to let you," The woman told him with a smile as she looked at her daughter.

"You will?" Said girl mumbled, looking up at him with big eyes. How could he reply in any other way when that weapon was aimed at him? Simple, he couldn't.

"Of course," He replied with a reassuring smile. "If I could teach Jeanne, I can teach anybody. I'm not gonna give up that easily." The smile the girl showed then and there would have been a good enough reason to do as he said even if he hadn't wanted to before.

"Do you think we can work on it some more?"

"Yeah… no," Joshua denied then, earning himself another pout. "I said we'd wait and we'll do just that."

"But I'm relaxed now."

"Hm, are you?" He asked, narrowing his eyes at her. The girl proceeded to do her best to look 'relaxed' which was very amusing, if he was honest. "Still, maybe later. I do need to get some work done. So, letting you distract yourself for a bit works for both of us," He told her with a wave of his hand.

"I guess…" She mumbled then, turning to look at the new illusion playing in front of her.

"I see you are getting along with each other," Yasaka commented then.

"Difficult not to, she's adorable," He replied with a shrug and a smile.

"I'm not-" Kunou started before her mouth clicked shut when he threatened to place his hand on her head again. She glared at him through narrowed eyes at that and he could almost hear her swear vengeance in her mind.

"I'm sure you'll get the hang of it, Kunou," Yasaka encouraged then, making the girl look down the smallest bit more to hide her face with her hair. "You were very talented with Senjutsu, Youjutsu and everything we've taught you. Not everyone is good at everything."

"... That's what Joshua said before," Kunou mumbled.

"Oh?"

"He said that everyone fails," The girl clarified and Joshua had to wonder if he was going to get in trouble for what he'd said. 'Maybe I should have thought that through better…'

"Well, he's not wrong," Yasaka confirmed then. "Even I have failed before. I failed to keep you safe before, didn't I?"

"But I'm fine," The girl argued.

"If I had succeeded, you wouldn't even have been as close to danger as you were, Kunou," The mother told her with a sad smile. Joshua, for his part, felt like he was kind of in the middle of a conversation he had no business being in. "Just keep trying and I know you'll succeed in the end." Then, she turned back to Joshua. "And I'm sure Joshua will help you get there."

"Sure will," He confirmed easily.

"Now, with that said, I did actually have something to do here besides checking on Kunou," Yasaka informed them. "I was just given your request. I'd like to hear more about that."

"Ah, the illusion defense?" Joshua asked, realizing where this was coming from. When she nodded, he continued. "I'm guessing it's a problem?"

"Some of my advisors think it is. An illusion that can even fool Senjutsu is not something we can accept that easily. It could just as easily be used against us, after all," The Youkai leader explained and he nodded. However, he also noticed that she hadn't said what her opinion on the matter was.

"So, do I scrap that idea then?" He asked, not wanting to assume anything.

Yasaka remained silent though, as her eyes moved towards Kunou. Joshua knew exactly what was going through her head at that moment. She was wondering if this one defense could be the difference between Kunou and danger. What if she denied it and her daughter couldn't be saved?

"Is there something I can do to make you believe me when I say that I'll never use this against you and that I'll keep it away from everyone to the best of my abilities?" Joshua asked then, earning a hard stare from the woman. He let her think that over then, turning towards Kunou on his other side, who seemed properly distracted by the illusion in front of her. A snap of his fingers made the show change ever so slightly into a different one.

"Would you make a Magician's Oath?" Yasaka questioned him, which made Joshua pause.

A Magician's Oath, or an Oath of any kind was a serious thing. It wasn't like he remembered from fiction, where you could throw those around like they were candy. An Oath had to be taken as seriously as you would take your own life, because often it could spell your doom. A Magician's Oath, in this case, would leave the person without magic at all if their word was broken.

What made Oath's tricky was that they worked more on intention than it did on wording. If you swore to never do someone harm directly, you had to mean it. If you ever tried to go against that using the loophole of doing it indirectly, you had to make sure it worked. It also was near impossible to trick someone with a loophole, really, since the intention was taken from both, the person swearing and the one that was sworn to. A slight mistake could have the magic think you'd broken the Oath and you were done for.

'Oh God, I'm an idiot,' Joshua thought with a grimace, as his eyes found the girl next to him once more.

The illusion was showing her a miniature forest with a small golden fox running around, exploring, chasing even smaller animals and the like. Joshua had made that particular card a few days prior, just for Kunou. His eyes then found her awed expression, with her eyes shining with childish glee that she often hid behind a mask of propriety. He quite liked seeing her break through the princess persona she'd developed.

At that moment, it was Joshua's undoing though.

After all, how could he not do his best to protect her. He found himself asking himself the same question he'd guessed Yasaka had. Could he live with himself if something happened to Kunou when he could have placed that extra defense? He'd barely known her for a week, but she was a child. What kind of person would he be if he just left her to her fate?

"I would," He agreed reluctantly. The Youkai leader didn't reply immediately though, instead staring at him for a long moment, as if judging something. Eventually, she let out a surprised sound.

"You truly would, wouldn't you?" She asked then and he gave her a wry smile.

"Against my better judgement, I would," Joshua told her. "It depends on the Oath wording and what you expect from me though."

"Naturally," She nodded easily, still looking at him strangely, like she couldn't understand him. "You care about her. Despite not having known her for long, you do."

"I do," He agreed, because what point was there in denying it? "I guess I have a weak spot for people that need help."

"And I guess I've found why you are here in Shed's name," Yasaka mused at the same time that a wave of… something came from the Charm. "We'll see how this goes, but the fact that you would consider taking the Oath at all means much to me and my people, Joshua. I want you to know that."

He simply nodded at that, looking once more at his 'student'.

"Would you like to see one of our 'classes'?" He asked then, drawing a smile from the woman and making the girl next to him perk up. 'Was she eavesdropping?' He wondered with a grin.

"I would."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ok, so, first things first, I probably didn't do as thorough a research as I could have for the temple thing. I just took what I found at face value so if someone knows better, you can tell me and I'll see about changing that part. Hopefully, I didn't mess that up too much.

Second… there's no second part, actually. I'm not even very doubtful of this chapter's content, for once, which is nice.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What'd you rather visit as a tourist? A historical place, an urban place or a natural place? I myself prefer a natural sight myself, which is kind of funny because I love living in the city. But sightseeing nature is a lot better in my opinion.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 345 others
Adrian King
Jul 6, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 39 - -Are Getting Closer To The Door New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#179
-Are Getting Closer To The Door

"So, are you ready?" Yasaka asked, looking at him with an impassive expression, something he wasn't too used to. After all, the leader smiled a whole lot when around her daughter and Kunou was usually around him for classes or just to use her illusion cards. Regardless, that fact was one of the few that drew home how important this moment was.

"I am," Joshua confirmed with a nod. He was nervous – How could he not? –, but it was something he had and wanted to do. It didn't mean he was less afraid of things going wrong though. After all, this was the first time he was dabbling in magic that didn't depend solely on himself. 'At least I depend on Yasaka now, so there's that,' he mused.

They had known each other for barely two weeks, true, but they'd interacted a whole lot during that time. Not only because she was his boss, but also due to Kunou. Besides, Shed knew what was going on. Serafall knew where he was. Surely the Youkai leader wouldn't screw him over with those things hanging over her head, right?

'Man, I'm turning a little too paranoid,' Joshua thought with a sigh. His eyes turned to Yasaka's hand that was extended towards him while the woman waited patiently. 'Let's go,' he told himself as he took the hand and started speaking.

"I swear, upon my magic," He started simply.

Oath's weren't based on fancy words, after all. It was based on something deeper. Sometimes life energy, sometimes magic, sometimes world energy, sometimes souls or whatever other source people managed to find and swear upon. In this case, Joshua felt his magic energy react when he reached for it. It seemed to almost come alive as it rushed around before it realized what was going on.

He knew magic was almost sentient, from long ago when he started reaching deeper into magic. From the vein like ley lines throughout the world to the way magic shaped animals into monsters to how it often seemed to influence the world itself to keep the supernatural world hidden from those disconnected from it. At that moment though, it seemed to connect with Yasaka's magic as both, for lack of a better term, listened to him.

"That I'll never do anything to intentionally harm Kunou," Joshua continued. The way his words suddenly held more weight behind them than his tone would have had one think almost caught him off guard, but he spoke nevertheless. The two sources of magic twisted and turned against themselves, halfway between a dance and a fight, or so he thought. Eventually, they separated, settling back where they had come from.

"Thank you, Joshua," Yasaka told him, a warm smile that he was much more used to settling on her face. He gave her one of his own, although it probably came out weary and hesitant.

The Oath was simple, and the intention behind it was clear enough for both him and Yasaka. Harming Kunou might sound vague, and some might say that it could prevent or make him do things he wouldn't otherwise do, but that was because they didn't understand the nature of Oaths. Yasaka and him knew and agreed on what 'harm' meant, otherwise the Oath wouldn't have worked in the first place.

"Does that mean I can continue working on magic and you can't do anything to stop me?" Kunou asked, batting her eyes innocently at him when Joshua and her mother stood up from where they had knelt in front of each other. He simply raised an eyebrow at her and looked towards Yasaka, who gave him the smallest of nods. Taking that for the permission it was, Joshua planted a hand over Kunou's head and ruffled her hair, drawing a whine from the girl.

"Nope," he told her with a grin. "Speaking of, have you tried doing the spells on your own?" He asked, eager to get his own mind away from what had just happened. Joshua knew he wouldn't be able to avoid overthinking the Oath, so it was better to just move on.

"I did," she replied, looking away, relenting on her efforts to get his hand away from her hair. That was what prompted him to take it off, actually, before she continued talking. "I actually did better than usual."

"Now you believe me? You worry too much about how people see you," Joshua told her with a slight shake of his head as she pouted. "So, how did it actually go?"

"I got the circles to appear… well… one of them, for a bit… maybe?" The girl explained hesitantly.

"Well, that's much better than other attempts. We can work from there, no worries," He reassured with a nod and a smile. "Just needed you to see that it's mostly yourself that's getting in the way. Not like Jeanne, who just can't do magic to save her life," He added, a little louder when he saw his sister approaching with his familiars. They had all wanted to be there when he swore the Oath.

"Ha-ha," The teenager 'laughed' flatly, giving him an unimpressed expression. "Don't worry, he's not as much of an idiot as he looks like," She then proceeded to reassure the little girl, who looked like she was containing a grin.

"You sure?" She asked innocently then, making Joshua narrow his eyes at them.

"Oh, so that's how it is, huh?" He asked, looking between them.

"Eh… he has his moments," Jeanne replied, completely ignoring him.

"They are all so mean, Margalo," The man mumbled as said bird landed on his shoulder. "You are on my side, right?" He asked, receiving a reassuring chirping in response. "I knew you were my favorite for a reason."

That wasn't the right thing to say, apparently, because he felt something touch his hand then and there. Looking down, he saw Morag, who had apparently jumped on him. Then, the spider crawled her way up his arm towards his unoccupied shoulder.

"Oh, suddenly you aren't bullying me anymore, huh?" Joshua asked, smiling at his arachnid familiar, who rubbed the side of his neck with one of her legs. "Guess I can give you another chance."

"Like you wouldn't give them a thousand of those," Jeanne commented with a grin that Joshua dutifully ignored, returning the favor while he was at it.

[}-o-{]​

"You know, your hair is really long," Kunou commented casually.

"You don't say," Was Joshua's sarcastic response as he continued looking down at his notebook and working. He was focusing mostly on the Switching circle for the moment. He'd do as much research as possible before tackling the Illusions, really.

Considering that Yasaka and her people had decided to let him try to learn Senjutsu, he thought it was fair assuming that it'd take him a while. 'Have to wonder though, how that will affect Shed's Quest Rewards,' He mused idly as he considered a particularly difficult part of the circle he was working on. 'Will he add something or did I shoot myself in the foot?'

"Why is that?" Kunou asked then, apparently ignoring his response's tone.

"Honestly?" He replied with a slight shrug. "Because I'm too lazy to have it cut. Does it look bad?" He shot back then, not really caring much. Looks wasn't something he put that much thought into, be it his or others'.

"Hmhm," The girl hummed, as if that were an answer of any kind. Which it kind of was, since he could almost see her shaking her head. Difficult to confirm that though, since she was standing behind him. "You don't mind if I braid it, do you?"

"A little late to ask that, don't you think?" He told her, unimpressed. After all, the girl had been going at it for a while already. 'Wonder if I look like a viking already,' He thought to himself with a slight grin.

"That's not a no," The girl said, and he could almost hear the smile on her face.

"Eh, does it matter? Go ahead and have fun," He told her with a shrug that apparently messed up her work, if her grumble was any indication. "You gotta undo it later though."

"Ookaaaay," She replied, in a very unconvincing way that had him sighing.

"Do you think it'd look decent tied back?" He asked then, curious. Joshua had actually been considering that for a while already. More often than not, his hair would get in the way when working on a circle or something. While he didn't particularly mind the long hair, that was still annoying.

"Hm, maybe? We can try that, if you want," The girl offered then, sounding almost excited.

"Sure, go ahead," He agreed easily with a lazy smile. "Say, how are the circles going?" Joshua asked absently as he noted a slight mistake in his circle design and corrected it. "You didn't even try to do something today," He pointed out curiously as Kunou started working on her new project.

"... It didn't go well last night," He barely heard her mumble. "Didn't want to try today."

"Hm, that can happen, I guess," He mumbled, taking his mind off his work for a moment. "Don't worry about it. I'm sure you'll get it soon enough. So, you wanna give it a try now? There's no need to feel bad if it doesn't go well. The thing is to keep trying."

"Hm… Maybe when I'm done here," Kunou replied in a whisper that he almost missed.

"That works for me," He told her with a smile that she didn't see as he started working again.

[}-o-{]​

"Just close your eyes," Kunou said, sounding supremely smug. "Take deep breaths and relax. Forget about everything else," she instructed. Her tone probably came from the fact that he'd often told her similar things when trying to get her to let go of her frustration.

That didn't mean Joshua wasn't doing as she said though. After all, she was helping him learn Senjutsu. Something about teaching him to pay him back for teaching her. Yasaka had found it adorable, and Joshua had to admit that she was quite right.

"Now, look inside you. There's your magic, yes, but there should be more," Kunou told him, sounding quite serious, which was a little amusing. Especially considering that he'd already been told that, several times at that.

"Got it," He replied with a slight smile. Still, he searched.

There was his magic, of course, just like Kunou had said. The energy swirled, now familiar, filling his entire body and almost itching to go outside. He wasn't sure how to describe it more than that, really. It wasn't like seeing, or hearing, or smelling, or anything like that. He just… felt the energy, just like that. Like a current of electricity moving through his body, snapping around waiting for a chance to shoot out.

It was… distracting, at least at the moment. It called to Joshua's attention, taking his focus away from what he was looking for. Like a little child grabbing at his hand and dragging him away from where he wanted to go.

"It's not like your other senses, not even like the feeling of your magic," He heard Yasaka tell him. She did that, sometimes, trying to find a different way to explain to him how the life force was supposed to feel like. Apparently, it was different for everyone, so they'd have to work until he got a feeling of it.

It made him wonder though, how would it be to make an illusion for something that everyone felt different? Then again, Yasaka had said that magic was different for everyone and he was fairly sure that he knew how to work that into an illusion… 'Focus, Joshua,' He told himself as his eye twitched.

He dived back into his own energy, doing his best to ignore his snappy magic. There had to be something, but what? Something more. Something that he couldn't see, nor hear. Maybe something that he couldn't even feel? He kept his mind as open as possible, feeling like he was moving through a pitch black room, arms flailing trying to find something.

"Don't worry if you don't get it," Kunou said, not for the first time. Joshua was sure she was enjoying throwing his own words back at him. Not that he minded much, he'd meant them when he told her that, so they worked for him too. He had time, and if he couldn't work that out, well, he could just have Yasaka release him from his Oath, just to clear that worry from his conscience.

He'd have to stop soon, Joshua knew. He was growing frustrated, and much like with Kunou, it wouldn't help at all if he continued after that. No, he needed to keep his head clear to increase his chances of feeling, whatever he was supposed to feel.

So far, he'd had no luck though. Only thing he got was his magic, his skin and his muscles. Hell, he could almost feel his blood flowing and the heat of his own body temperature. Maybe he was imagining that though. After all…

After all…

'Wait,' Joshua paused. That warmth… He felt more of it than just in his body though. He felt some next to him. It was like there was a campfire right next to him, bathing him in its heat. And then he felt even more, like there was a sun on his other side, the rays hitting him directly. 'That's where Kunou is and the other is where Yasaka is…' Joshua realized before he lost the feeling as Magic Sense distracted him again.

He opened his eyes.

[Skill Unlocked: Life Sense]

'Not Senjutsu, huh?' He mused as he looked at the screen. He almost called for the skill's screen, except that another one appeared right then and there, catching him off guard.

[Skill Updated: Meditation]

His eyes widened then, surprised.

[Meditation - Lvl 42/100

Determines the user's ability to connect with his inner energies.

Increases stamina, health, magic and life energy regeneration by 42% while actively meditating.

Increases stamina, health, magic and life energy regeneration by 4.2% passively.]

'Life energy was added to the regeneration effects… What does that mean? I can be young forever regenerating life energy?... That sounds a little too OP for how my powers have worked so far…' Joshua mused as he looked at the screen for a long moment, before deciding to check his new skill for the moment.

[Life Sense - Lvl 1/100

Determines the user's ability to sense life energy.

Precision is determined by Skill Level.

Increases the range of Life Sense by 3%.]

'The same as Magic Sense, basically,' He noted then, before he was distracted by a hand waving in front of his face. Turning towards Kunou, he gave her a curious expression.

"You were staring at nothing," She said then, settling down. "Also, you can't just stop because you are bored," She accused with narrowed eyes.

"He sensed it," Yasaka told her daughter, getting a wide-eyed look from the little girl.

"I did… Apparently," Joshua nodded slowly. He'd have wondered how Yasaka knew, but… "You were projecting your life energy," He realized, looking at the Youkai leader, who gave him a slight smile. "Helping me have a better feel of it, right?"

"I might have been," Yasaka admitted, her lips pulling up a little more. "It worked too, it seems."

"I get easily distracted, it seems, but I can work on that. I know what to look for now," He mused out loud, closing his eyes for a moment, as if that were enough to find that energy once more. It wasn't, but he could try. "Once I get better, I should be able to start working on the illusion… if that idea even works, but optimism and glasses half-full, right?" He asked, earning a nod from the woman.

"What?" Kunou asked, confused and Joshua blinked. 'Oh, she doesn't know that phrase?... Guess that would make some sense.'

"Just that I need to keep a positive outlook," Joshua explained before pausing. "Actually," He started then, in Japanese this time. "How about I explain that to you, huh? Then we can work on your illusions, how does that sound?"

"Sounds nice," She agreed easily.

"Well, I guess I'll leave you two to that. I have work that needs doing," Yasaka told them two of them. "If you need help, Joshua, just call. And if you need anything, Kunou, you know what to do."

"Bye, Oka-san!"

"See you later, Yasaka-sama."

"I've told you, just Yasaka is fine," She admonished him, making him give a grimace of a smile. He guessed he could do that. It was basically what he did with everyone when telling them to call him just Joshua. It's just that it felt… wrong, he supposed. However, if he could do that with Serafall, he guessed he could do that here too.

"So, what was that about glasses?"

[}-o-{]​

"Now a fox!" Kunou exclaimed excitedly, looking with bright eyes at the pictures drawn by Morag with her webbing. The two had hit it off, apparently, and the spider was all too eager to indulge the little girl's whims for her art, it seemed.

It suited him just fine, really. Joshua could use that time to work on his circles, which were coming along fine, fortunately. He hadn't done any testing for his life energy illusions just yet, but everything else had been tried and had worked fine so far. With any luck, he'd keep that streak for the remaining details to work through.

Yasaka had been kind enough to help him work out the magic energy illusion though, which had been… almost easy, really. Still, it had been a relief to work that out, honestly. After all, the life energy version shouldn't be too much harder… right?

He hoped so, at least.

Cheshire pressed against his side, demanding more pets, which he absently provided, his eyes focusing on the pages in front of him.

Lots of work to do still, unfortunately.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

"All I'm saying is that you could put a little more enthusiasm in this, Josh," She complained. Why was her brother so… stupid?! They were in Kyoto, for crying out loud! The city was considered the cultural capital of Japan, it was one of the biggest touristic spots in the country, maybe the world! And Joshua was acting like they were in just any city.

"The wonders of the world should be appreciated," The voices agreed.

"Jeanne, you like this stuff, I get it. I like it too," He said with a lazy smile that he wore more and more. He seemed more relaxed since they'd come here, she noticed. At least he wasn't completely blowing off the chance. Or maybe it was because he didn't have to worry about his cafe job anymore. Still, she didn't believe a word he was saying, that much Jeanne knew. "Seriously," He started then, with a roll of his eyes at her incredulous expression. "I take pictures, I read the info, I look at the sights. Just because I'm not obsessing over that, doesn't mean I don't think it's cool."

"Why not though?" She most certainly didn't whine that question, and whoever said otherwise was a liar.

"Jeanne, I enjoy spellcrafting, do you?" Joshua asked then, staring at her with a deadpan. "Exactly," He shot then, at her grimace. "Different people, different preferences, just deal with it," He said then, with another roll of his eyes.

"I just… we don't really like the same things," She mumbled then.

That's what families did, right? They had similar likes. That's why fathers went out to play or watch sports with their sons. Or why mothers helped their daughters with their shopping sometimes. That was how it worked, right?

"Jeanne," Joshua started again, giving her a somewhat sad smile that he turned away immediately afterwards. She knew that expression. It was the one that told her he was thinking about his family. And sure enough, his next words confirmed that. "My father loved sports, football in particular, or soccer, whatever you wanna call it. I didn't think there was all that, honestly. More often than not I was bored watching it, maybe even annoyed," He explained calmly, a fond smile on his face despite his words. "And let's not talk about playing it, yeah? I sucked at it."

She couldn't see that. After all, Jeanne had seen Joshua sparring with daggers against a number of her sword dummies. Surely a sport was much easier compared to that, right? Then again, her brother liked saying that he'd been a relatively normal person not so long ago, so maybe he wasn't lying?

"And my mother… We didn't do much together. We were completely different people. I could pretend to like sports for my father, sometimes even fool myself into it… But my mother was a social person," He told her and Jeanne immediately got that.

Joshua was a lot of things, and he was good at almost anything he set his mind on. However, he was certainly not a social butterfly, anybody that had met the man could tell that much. He really struggled connecting to people. Hell, most, if not all, of his social circle had been practically forced on him rather than normally approached.

"Exactly," Joshua said, seeing in her expression that she understood. "So… we didn't connect, really. That doesn't mean we weren't family though. She was there when I needed her and I did my best to be there when she needed me. So, what I'm trying to say is… We don't have to like the same things. You are my sister, and that's that."

Jeanne's heart squeezed at that, a watery smile on her face.

"He speaks truth," The voices supplied softly.

"Thanks, Josh."

"What are brother's for, right?" He asked with a grin of his own. "Now, why don't you tell me where else you want to go, huh?"

Jeanne knew what he was doing. Pretending that he liked what she did, like he'd done with his father. Maybe some people would think she should be annoyed with him for that. However, how could she, really? Maybe that was part of being a family, she supposed. And if not, who cared? She hadn't had a normal family before in her life, why would this new one be any different. At least it was the good kind of strange, she decided.

'Maybe I can pretend I like wards?' She thought, almost laughing at that idea. 'As if. Sorry, Josh, no chance of that,' She apologized in her mind as she started telling him about the next place in her list of spots to visit.

She could tell that he was only half-listening, but she didn't feel like smacking him for that anymore. At least Nagini was following along with interest and Margalo too, but the little bird didn't have the best attention span. As for Morag and Cheshire, well, they took more after Joshua, sadly.

"Do you feel like talking non-stop or do you have time for a cup of tea somewhere in your schedule?" Joshua asked once they entered the house they were staying at. Instead of answering, she just pouted at him, earning a chuckle. "I'll get to that then."

"If you have a moment though," Someone said, making them both tense up. That wasn't a voice Jeanne recognized, and judging by Joshua's reaction, neither did he.

"Maybe the time for calm is over," The voices told her ominously.

Turning slowly, they saw a young man sitting in the living room, he had spiky black hair and a pair of glasses. He didn't seem very strong, but that was deceiving in the supernatural world, she knew. Besides that, the only detail of note on him was that he appeared to be wearing some kind of uniform, although she didn't know where that came from.

"Sorry, do we know you?" Joshua asked, his voice growing cold.

"You wouldn't, but you might know who I work for," The man replied with a slight smile as he turned to them. "I'm Georg, by the way."

Jeanne saw it then, as the man kept talking, saying who he worked for, the shift in her brother. Her brother, who usually spaced out at the slightest chance to think of a spell or ward, seemed dead focused on this person. Her brother, who usually wore a lazy smile on his face, even when training was difficult, was now all but snarling at the man. Joshua, who she'd seen happily making illusions to entertain little Kunou, now had two circles activated on his hands reading to attack this man.

"I'm part of the Hero Faction of Khaos Brigade, pleasure to make your acquaintance."

"And the storm has come."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Welp… that happened.

Anybody see that coming?

Back to previous parts of the chapter, I went into a bit of theory working regarding Oaths and magic and life energy. Hopefully, it's sound enough that people won't think "What? No, that's stupid". I wanted to give the Oath a somewhat different approach to avoid what I've seen happen in other fandoms like Harry Potter and Percy Jackson, for example.

As for the energies… Well, trying to explain a sense that we aren't supposed to have is hard, expectedly. It's like trying to explain to a blind person what a color is like… not an easy thing. Here's hoping I did a decent enough job at it.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: I… don't remember if I asked this before, but do you have a favorite Longinus? Pretty sure I asked about Sacred Gears excluding those, but I don't know if I did this one in some other chapter. Anyway, mine is Annihilation Maker. I have a weakness for powers that involve making other stuff do the work for me, like summoning or necromancer powers, for example.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, demonmonkey89 and 340 others
Adrian King
Jul 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 40 - Everybody Look Alive New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#184
Everybody Look Alive

"Now, let's not do anything we would regret, yes?" Georg asked, an insufferable smile on his face as a purple mist formed around him. The circles over Joshua's hands disappeared almost instantly.

'Dimension Lost,' He recognized easily. He'd been making wards to counter that exact thing for a while now. 'Didn't think they'd come for me though,' He mused bitterly. He'd set some wards around their house but none of them would work against this man. After all, he was still working on those for Yasaka…

"I'm guessing you wanted to… talk?" Joshua asked curtly as he walked forward. As he sat in front of Georg though, he waved for Jeanne to leave, which she didn't, much to his chagrin.

"No need for her to leave," The Khaos Brigade member said then, a mockery of friendliness in his voice. "I came to talk with her too."

"Me?" Jeanne asked, clearly as caught off guard as Joshua felt.

"Of course," Georg answered, almost excitedly. "Jeanne… Davis," He said, after some hesitation for the surname, which just worked to further throw him in Joshua's shitlist, and Jeanne's, if her expression was anything to go by. That was saying something, considering the hatred both of them held for Khaos Brigade. "We are fairly sure you are a Descendant of Jeanne d'Arc, after all," He informed them.

Neither of them reacted to that piece of information though. They were well aware of that, after all. How could they not be? It was plenty obvious once they found mentions of them through their supernatural books.

Hero Descendants, all but reincarnations of people that had left a mark on the world's magic so deeply that they seemed to reappear through history. Sometimes similarly as their history said, sometimes differently, but they were always distinctly recognizable.

Jeanne d'Arc's descendants, for example, usually held some connection to the Holy, either through wielding a Holy Artifact or a Sacred Gear. That was a check for Jeanne, since she had Blade Blacksmith. Furthermore, Jeanne d'Arc was said to have visions that guided her. Jeanne Davis might not have seen things, but the voices were close enough, really, especially since they were pretty sure those held some connection to the supernatural.

Really, it was easy to see and they knew about it. They hadn't wanted to think about it too much though. After all, what did it change for them, really? Jeanne was still Joshua's sister and she was still herself. A fancy title didn't mean anything.

"You are aware of it, huh?" Georg noted curiously. "And yet you work in tandem with monsters."

"Monsters?" Jeanne asked, blinking in confusion.

"The Youkai," The man clarified, as if that explained everything. It did not, though, only causing the girl to frown. "Ah, I see, they've already poisoned your views, it seems."

Joshua so wanted to do… something. Cast a spell, activate his wards, even just punch the guy. However, the purple mist was still there, mocking him as a reminder that nothing he could do would affect Georg.

"I guess we have you to thank for that," The Khaos Brigade agent said as he turned towards Joshua, all but snarling. "Are you proud? You've corrupted one of the world's heroes."

'My God, he's a fanatic, isn't he?' Joshua realized, which helped little. Fanatics were one of the most dangerous things out there, he was sure. People that were entirely convinced of what they were doing, even if it was just wrong. Like this man was, convinced that the Youkai were monsters for the heroes, himself included, to slay. He could almost see the sickening picture in the Longinus user's mind.

"What are you doing here?" Joshua asked, not feeling like discussing believes with a man that most probably couldn't be reasoned with. He wasn't dead yet, and this Georg clearly didn't care about his life, so he must have wanted something else, he supposed.

"I came to take care of an annoyance," Georg explained easily. "Most of us, magicians, have a clear weakness, did you know?"

'He's gonna monologue, is he?' Joshua thought, his mind racing.

"We require preparation to be at our best, doubly so for warders," The Longinus user continued, smirking and lifting his hand when Jeanne went to move. She was quickly surrounded by purple mist that left her standing straight, unmoving lest she touched the cloud around her. "Fights between magicians often end with the one most prepared winning. Do you know which of us is the most prepared?"

"And I'm sure that you having a hack of a Sacred Gear has nothing to do with it," Joshua all but growled.

He hated it, the feeling of being in his own house and being powerless. He'd felt like that with Ajuka, he'd felt like that with Serafall and he was feeling like that now. The first two he could take, they were faction leaders and they were sort-of allies, especially after recent developments.

This though, this couldn't stand.

"Complaining about such things is a pointless endeavor," Georg said with a pitying smile. "Men aren't created equal and whoever says otherwise is lying. Anyway, you've got some impressive wards around this place, especially considering your circumstances and that you've been here for a short time."

So, he had information on him too, huh? Somehow, Joshua wasn't surprised.

"It's a shame, really," Georg commented, as if he really thought so. No one believed him though. "That Dimension Lost makes them useless. As for your own fighting capabilities, they are impressive, but, once more, nothing that can stand against a Longinus Sacred Gear. Even if I didn't have it though," The man continued, bringing his hand up and making several circles appear. Then he formed a fist and Joshua felt one of his wards, a Detection one, disappear. "I'm an accomplished magician in my own right."

"I see," Joshua said then, his tone uncaring. If Georg wanted to see him cower or plead, he would be disappointed. He knew now that the supernatural world held little in the way of mercy for those that couldn't defend themselves. He didn't expect a Khaos Brigade member to be swayed because of such things either. Especially one that talked as this one did.

Besides…

"With that said," Georg continued. 'God, he loves the sound of his own voice, doesn't he?' Joshua thought to himself. "Any last words, Joshua Davis?"

"Only one," He said, closing his eyes and deflating on the sofa. "Now," He called then, opening his eyes just in time to see Georg freeze. "Preparation, was it?" Joshua asked, leaning back against his seat and looking at his unwanted guest. "You don't look prepared for that, Georg," He pointed out as he activated his Draining, Weighting and Weakening wards.

The man didn't move, but Joshua could see him paling as the seconds passed and it brought a grin to his face.

"Josh?"

"Just… see if you can contact Serafall through the flier, yeah? Our Youkai contact probably was… taken out by our guest here. Some tea would be nice too, I guess," Joshua told his sister, who quickly stepped out of the room, leaving his familiars behind.

All of which quickly made their way to him. Nagini, for her part, slithered towards Joshua and tilted her head at Georg. Joshua placed a hand over the serpent's head as he regarded the Khaos Brigade agent. Another of his hands moved up to Margalo, who flew to stand on his shoulder.

"Margalo is a special bird, you see," Joshua commented. Nagini was going to be annoyed with him later, but he could take that. "She has a few handy abilities. Pretty neat thing, I'm sure you can tell," He said as the little bird seemed to catch on and keep her eyes locked on Georg as if she were really the one that held him where he was.

As he talked, Joshua kept a part of his mind focused on his Detection and Monitoring wards together with Magic Sense. He wanted to know how his Draining wards were doing, after all, and when this… pest that had appeared was all but out of the 'fight'. Then, he'd be able to truly relax. It was a shame, really, that just killing him was a bad idea. That and trying to stab him or hit him might disturb Nagini's work.

"I expected more, you know?" He continued talking, mostly because if he could distract Georg even the smallest bit, then it was a win for him. Last thing he wanted was for the rug to be pulled from under him, just as it had happened to Georg himself. "Longinus wielders are supposed to be these unstoppable forces, almost godly, in a way. I guess they are still human though. They can still fall to the same things the rest can, if they aren't prepared," He said, rubbing his victory on the other man's face.

A victory that was short-lived, really, because a moment later, his eyes widened. A teleportation spell was active inside his wards and it wasn't a Devil. That meant that it wasn't Serafall. It could be the Youkai though, he suppo-

Humans.

They were humans, his wards told him.

Joshua wanted to be optimistic, he really did, but how could he? It had to be Khaos Brigade, he knew. His wards were active though. Magic was being drained from the intruders, making his more offensive wards stronger and stronger. They weren't weak though, sadly, which meant they would hold and-

"Jeanne! Come back here, we are under attack!" He called then, focusing back on his surroundings instead of what his wards were telling him. "Don't let up on him, girl," He ordered, making it sound like he was talking to Margalo, who chirped obediently. 'God, I gotta do something nice for these two later,' He noted to himself. The Longinus wielder was getting weaker and weaker due to his wards, so danger was going down on that front. Before that though…

Joshua walked up to the man and searched for what his wards informed him of, something that had been hidden a moment before. In one of Georg's pockets, he found it. A magic circle that, while he wasn't sure since he didn't know this particular setup, he suspected had caused the sudden invasion of his house defenses. He instantly ripped it in half, feeling the magic dispersing.

An explosion was heard, and he felt the Shield ward around the house shake. He'd admit that his shields weren't as good as his other wards just yet, but that was a bit much, especially considering that some of the drained energy was being channeled into those too.

Another explosion.

"Seems like you weren't so unprepared," Joshua growled as he started walking towards the intruders. "Morag…" He paused and then turned around just before leaving the room. "Hit him with some poison, yeah? Distance only. Don't get close, you either, Nagini, Margalo," He told them. Georg was restrained and basically useless at the moment, but Joshua didn't want to risk anything. The smallest of slips and the man could unleash his Sacred Gear on all of them and then they would be screwed.

Cheshire meowed.

"Right," Joshua nodded. "You are with me, girl," He told his feline companion, almost stopping when he heard the very familiar sound of his sister's Sacred Gear. "You ready?" He asked, turning his head to see Jeanne walking towards him. The girl had already summoned swords in her hands.

"I am… I think," She said firmly, before her confidence seemed to leave her. "I tried to call Serafall, but…"

"We'll be fine," Joshua reassured her, although he actually meant that. From what his wards were telling him, the intruders weren't too strong. That is, unless they could bypass them, which… he couldn't really know, considering that Georg had slipped by them easily enough. They couldn't start panicking though.

"Right," She nodded, almost like she was talking to herself. Cheshire, on his other side, had already morphed into her lynx form, ready for battle, it seemed. Joshua, for his part, started walking again, taking a card from his pocket and placing it behind his ear as he pulled out two Holy Knives.

He was keenly aware of Setan Kober's presence though, and ready to draw it out if he really needed it.

Another explosion, the Shield ward was getting weaker. One or two more and it would fall apart, Joshua knew. He needed a better view of his opponents before that.

One more explosion, the ward held, if just barely.

They made it outside, just in time. Joshua got a good look at the group that was attacking his place. They were all wearing similar uniforms to Georg, was the first thing he noted. There was a big man with some Greek-looking armor on him, he seemed to be the one behind the explosions. Then there was another, smaller guy with similar armor and a shield and sword combo.

Behind them, there were four more people. A man with shades who's shadow seemed to be moving on its own, another whose hands had white fire over them, and then there were two women with bows. All of them had Sacred Gears, from what Joshua's wards said.

"Cheshire, go for the ones at the back," Joshua said. "Jeanne, sword and shield, careful with the ranged attackers."

"Ok," The girl accepted easily with a nod, readying her swords.

"Give me an exploding knife, would you?" He asked then and it didn't even take his sister a second to offer him one. Just in time, since the explosion guy was already sending his fist against the ward once more. Before it could hit, Joshua threw the knife in the ranged attacker's direction.

In barely more than a second, several things happened. One, the bigger man, hit the ward, generating an explosion and bringing the defenses down. Two, the knife landed and exploded. Although they had seen it coming and had dodged, it did its job at distracting and separating them. Three, Cheshire dashed forward, almost a blur of white and black as she rushed the women with bows. Four, Jeanne charged forward towards her opponent, who readied himself for that confrontation.

'They are holding up entirely too well,' Joshua thought, but that made sense. He'd barely worked on his defenses in this place. He'd devoted most of his time to the job and that might have been a mistake. The wards hadn't been charged that much, which meant they were barely getting to do anything for the moment as they charged through the Draining wards.

He didn't dwell on that too much though. Didn't have the time for that, really. Instead, he started throwing knives in quick succession. Or so he planned, because that was a path he quickly scratched after the first knife. A first knife that was seemingly sucked into the shadow of the guy wearing shades and redirected towards Cheshire, who was just fast enough to dodge it. 'Redirecting attacks, like Kuisha,' Joshua noted. It was good that Jeanne and Cheshire didn't have many of those. It limited his own options though.

His hand twitched, but he suppressed the urge to pull out the Demonic Weapon just yet. He really didn't trust himself using that with a Mind Resistance of 18. Maybe he was paranoid, but when a literal Devil had warned him about that, he felt like he should be especially careful. He was even less inclined to test it in an uncontrolled environment such as the one he was in at the moment.

Normal Holy Knives would have to do.

It was good that he didn't hesitate much besides noting the shadow Sacred Gear's power and a second of doubt about his weapons, because the explosion guy was already looming over him, it seemed. Soon enough the fist came down on him like it had his wards. However, dodging it was… not that much of a problem, actually.

'Huh… this is easier than I thought,' Joshua mused as he jumped out of the way of the attack. It was almost like the punch had been going in slow motion, really. Even the blast that followed did nothing to him, since he was already behind the man.

'The wards,' Joshua realized with a start. His Detection and Monitoring wards were giving him a lot of information due to the several redundancies he'd placed just in case. And his mind was processing that as he went, with the practiced ease that months uppong months of having them around gave. 'Almost like a sixth sense, huh?' Joshua mused, making a mental note to train with that at some point.

The wards told him that the man was going to turn around almost before he did. Joshua could have guessed that, but having that sort of information… The man started pulling his fist back and Joshua could almost tell where the punch was going to go before the man's arm moved. Thus, he dodged once more.

"Stay still!" The brute shouted then, as another explosion hit basically nothing but ground. With his opponent occupied, Joshua followed his 'ward sense' for lack of a better name, and tried to get a read on everyone else. Cheshire seemed to have no problem dancing around and occasionally slashing at the bow wielders. Jeanne, for her part, was dueling the sword and shield guy no problem, even blocking any fire that came from the other man… "Stop mocking me!" The brute in front of him demanded.

The words were ineffective, obviously. Although, being honest, Joshua didn't think he'd done anything to mock the man to begin with. However, they did snap Joshua out of his surprised haze and reminded him that he was, indeed, in a fight.

'Maybe I worried too much?' Joshua considered, dodging another attack and slashing at the man's leg. It wasn't a deep wound, but they would stack. He had the time. 'Did they only get to send the weakest of them here before I ripped the circle?' He wondered, as he took in the situation, almost distractedly evading the brute's attempts at attacking him.

The fight was, after all… easy.

Especially so, as his wards continued draining them, weighting them, weakening them. With their effects growing as time passed, these people had no chance of winning, Joshua knew. 'All that worry, all that fear… for this?' Joshua thought, frowning. It couldn't be that easy, could it?

As if mocking him for thinking that, the shadow user sent a shadow blade at him. 'So, redirecting isn't the only thing he can do?' He thought as he dodged another blade, his eye twitching as he had to dodge again, this time an attack from the brute. He wasn't too concerned though, since his wards picked up on shadow guy's attacks too, warning him without him having to see them coming.

One of the women with a bow Sacred Gear screamed and he didn't need to turn to know what happened. Cheshire had jumped straight at her, apparently deciding to forgo the hit and run plan she'd been going for so far. The why, well…

Another screech followed, as Morag jumped on the other bow wielder and bit her, before moving once more. Jeanne, for her part, was having no trouble holding back her opponents. Probably would get to just 'wait' there for reinforcements to arrive, either his familiars or Joshua himself.

"Stop," The brute growled, punching forward. Surprisingly, no explosion followed this time. He did have very little energy left though, Joshua noted. "Ignoring," He punctuated with another fruitless attack. "Me."

Joshua didn't know why he thought that. Was it because he didn't answer? That seemed… kind of stupid. And difficult too, since he was focusing on what his senses and wards were telling him. Processing that information was difficult on its own, let alone having a chat in the meantime.

He'd have liked to point that out, but the shadow guy sent another attack his way. 'I can't attack like this,' Joshua mused. He was too busy avoiding his enemies' efforts to do any damage of his own. Fortunately, his wards would make them fall eventually, but he didn't like the idea of just… waiting those out.

'What can I do th-' His thought was interrupted though, when Brute decided that it was time to turn the explosions on again. Joshua, a second too late, realized that wasn't all. When he dodged, the man's other arm twitched towards him and sent another explosion without actually punching. It didn't hit him directly, but it did disturb his stance and movement, throwing him back some.

Bringing one arm up, Joshua summoned a Neutral Shield between himself and the shadow guy that had taken that opening to attack. More attacks kept coming though, which forced him to maintain that defense. Fortunately, Brute didn't seem to be in any hurry to reach him again, neither Joshua's familiars or Jeanne for that matter. Strange, but he wouldn't look at a gift horse in the mouth, that was for certain.

Thus, he focused on Shadow, maintaining the Shield and using his other arm to send a Neutral Bolt his way. As Shadow scrambled to redirect the attack, Joshua went to turn his attention towards Brute, not wanting to leave an enemy out of his-

He paused, and snapped towards Jeanne, bringing a Shield between her and the white fire user just in time. His sister was being drained from fighting two opponents, it seemed. Not a surprise, but an unwelcome development.

"Not so cocky anymore, are you?!" Shadow shouted from across the battlefield as he sent an attack to… Cheshire, which Joshua had to put a Shield in front of, since she was still assaulting a bow wielder.

It was then that a big explosion happened…

'Fuck!' Joshua shouted in his mind, before realizing that the blast hadn't even been directed at them. Not him, nor Jeanne, nor Cheshire, nor Morag. No, instead, it had been sent straight to the house. The why-

"Now it's our turn," The Brute announced, and Joshua's eyes widened when he saw purple smoke coming from the hole in the house. Georg was let out? Nagini- 'Nagini's fine,' Joshua realized then. The snake was relatively fine, at the least, but her Eyes of Misfortune had been interrupted by the blast.

That still left the big problem of a Longinus user being set free, which-

Before Joshua could start coming with worst case scenarios though, the smoke/mist disappeared. For a moment, there was silence all around. His wards didn't pick up as much as a twitch from the Khaos Brigade people. At least, until Brute turned to look at the house, as if confused.

"Georg?" The man asked. "Georg!" He called. "We need help here!"

No response came. Joshua didn't trust his wards and senses regarding Georg anymore, since he'd slipped from both before. However… he was fairly sure that he'd left. Why? He didn't know, but he could use that.

Snapping into action, Joshua sent a knife flying towards Shadow. He was either very distracted or very shocked by what had just happened, because he reacted entirely too late to dodge, getting the blade embedded inside his arm. Another knife flew off of his hand afterwards and this time Shadow was ready. Unfortunately, Joshua hadn't thrown that one towards him but towards White Fire, who was equally unprepared.

And from there, knives rained upon the Khaos Brigade members.

"Are you happy?" Joshau asked, turning towards Brute, who was on his knees facing the house. Shadow had fallen with three knives in him. One of the bow users had been taken out entirely by Cheshire while the other did so under a combination of Morag and two knives. Jeanne had Sword and Shield with her sword under his chin. White Fire, for his part, was struggling to take out a knife out of his leg. That is, until the magical lynx approached him, at which point he surrendered.

His question brought the attention of the Brute back towards him. Joshua knew that he wasn't kneeling because of despair or anything of the sort. The wards and his own attacks had just drained him too much, that together with the weakening and weighting was already pressing the man against the ground. Joshua actually had to commend him, since his teammates were no longer even capable of resisting anymore.

"I hope you are," Joshua added, only then realizing that he was all but snarling at the man. Yes, he was very angry, he'd admit. "Because I'm annoyed, very annoyed."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

First big leagues battle was… surprisingly easy, even for me. Georg isn't that strong though, I suppose. He has a Longinus, yeah, and he's supposed to be a good magician too, but as he said, it's all about preparation. He certainly wasn't prepared for Nagini's effects. Take off his magic and his Sacred Gear and Georg is a common human. Should have brought more and better back up.

As for the other members of Khaos Brigade, well, between the wards and the Joshua Team's capabilities, they didn't stand much of a chance. Sad for them, but good for our protagonists.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Which Longinus do you think we'll see next?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 349 others
Adrian King
Jul 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 41 - Brace Yourself New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#187
Brace Yourself

[Yasaka]

She couldn't believe this happened.

Things hadn't been going particularly well as of late, of course, but this really drove that point home. Why her faction was being targeted like it was, she didn't know, but the fact remained that it was. First, her daughter, and now the very people that Yasaka hired to protect her.

If she didn't know they wanted more from her, she'd have thought they were trying to make her look bad. How would the factions that had sent her help react if she lost those very people? If for that reason alone, this situation was a disaster.

And then there was the target of the attack himself.

Joshua Davis.

Yasaka didn't need to interrogate or investigate to know, or at least suspect, why he had been targeted. There were two very likely reasons among others. First, he was young, inexperienced and not attached to any association. That made him an easy target, especially if these people were just getting started. Second, he was close to her, or Kunou, more specifically. That was why she was all but rushing when she got word that the people that had been assigned to look over him had gone silent suddenly.

At least they hadn't attacked on multiple fronts, so there was that.

Yasaka could only hope that she wouldn't be too late. Her daughter would be devastated if something happened to Joshua. Yasaka herself liked the young man well enough, she'd freely admit. It was nice having someone… normal, around.

He wasn't a subject, subservient and deferential. He also wasn't an equal, having their own agendas to push. No, Joshua didn't seem to fit in any of the boxes that encapsulated the people of the supernatural world. He drifted around the edges, never quite entering them. She supposed his self-introduction to their side of the world had something to do with that.

The man was also a godsent, truly. Yasaka had long since worried for her daughter, since little Kunou hadn't taken well to growing as the daughter of their faction's leader and she couldn't blame her child for that. The Kyubi had seen for herself how the way people treated her daughter affected Kunou, but she couldn't do much to change that.

Which was why she was so grateful for Joshua allowing Kunou to be a child. Yasaka wasn't sure exactly what he'd done to do so, but her child seemed to be free around him. She seemed to act the way she wanted instead of the way she thought she needed to, as she had for a good while already. For that alone, she needed to do her best to…

Yasaka blinked as she teleported outside the house Joshua had been given. It looked fine, but looks could be deceiving. What couldn't was life energy, or at least not easily. To the point that she knew it was highly unlikely that she'd come across someone that could fool her senses.

And thus, her confusion.

Joshua seemed to be… fine? And so were Jeanne and his familiars. There were other life forces too, weakened ones, which she guessed were his attackers but then… 'What is going on?' She thought as she shared a look with the people she'd brought to fight. If she was getting things right, there would be no need for that though.

Nodding her head, someone opened the door and they stepped in.

The first thing she found was a magician and Nagini, Joshua's serpent, in what seemed to be a stare contest of some kind. The man was unmoving and his magic, even his life force seemed to twist in odd ways. She looked at Nagini then and she realized that she was doing that. 'Since when can she do that?' Yasaka had to wonder, but those were questions for later.

The room had one of its walls exploded, from what she gathered, which gave her a clear view of the outside. A view that had the Youkai leader blinking once more.

"Yasaka. I was wondering when someone would come. It seems our communications were… rudely interrupted," Joshua greeted her with a lazy smile, the last words said as he side-eyed the people that were being pressed against the ground by his wards. "Khaos Brigade decided to come uninvited, as you can see, and I could use some help getting them out of here, you know?" The human added blandly.

"... Gladly," Yasaka said, regarding the man once more.

He was skilled as a magician, she knew. Her people might not be very accomplished in those arts, since they'd need outside help to set up extra defenses, but they knew enough to tell her that much about the man. Everything she'd seen of him since they'd met told her that.

Nothing she knew of Joshua Davis pointed towards him being a combatant though, that was for sure. However, there he was, standing in the middle of a battlefield with the same expression he'd wear when working on ward crafting. It was… unexpected, to say the least.

"You hear that, man?" Joshua asked, poking the man lying at his feet with the tip of his shoes. "You are finally getting off the ground," He said flatly before turning towards Yasaka. "Thanks for coming. Fight just ended, actually, but you were still pretty fast and I appreciate it."

Was he intentionally saying it like that? Stressing the fact that he'd taken down these people in minutes, if that? Yasaka almost believed so, if she hadn't known the man herself and couldn't sense his life force.

"So, I'm guessing you won't be working on this yourself. You want some tea?" He asked then, as if this were an everyday thing. "I could… use something to calm down."

Ah, there it was.

She had been confused before, about how Joshua remained calm. Shrugging off an attack on himself, his familiars, his sister. What person went through that and just came out… normally? Certainly not the man she'd gotten to know.

And indeed, it wasn't the case.

She'd been almost deceived by the exterior. Even his life force seemed calm, at a glance. Focusing deeper told a different story altogether though. His eyes showed the anger hidden behind them and his life force wasn't calm at all, it was waiting, like a crouching animal, ready to fight at a moment's notice.

"By the way," Joshua said then, as if just remembering something. "The man inside, that's Dimension Lost's holder," He told her and Yasaka blinked once again.

Then her brain caught up on what he said and, through the disbelief, a grin formed on her face. One that held no warmth at all, and one that Joshua himself returned, in a way that reflected her own malice towards the man in question. Joshua was a gift that kept on giving, truly.

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

"I'm sorryyyyy," She apologized, and despite the tone, she meant it. Oh, she'd have to talk with some people about this. She'd definitely made sure that there were defenses around the place. Defenses that should have activated, at the very least after the Dimension Lost holder was… incapacitated, however Joshua had pulled that off.

She was curious about that, she'd admit, but she also didn't want to push for what was definitely a secret.

Back on topic though, she'd have to check with her people. This mess stunk of Old Satan faction all over and she definitely didn't need that mess, not when things were going so well with the Youkai thanks to Joshua. Hopefully, Sirzechs and her could get this dealt with quickly and without causing issues.

"Don't worry about it, Serafall," Jeanne reassured. She was a nice girl, but the Satan wouldn't let this go. She couldn't, not when she risked alienating Joshua as a result. She doubted the man would back away from his deal with Sona and Rias, but Serafall was sure he could be a great ally to have in their corner in the future. Hell, he already was, for the most part.

"But Gin-tan," She said, causing the girl's eyebrow to twitch. "The meanies attacked here, in the home I gave you," She explained with a pout.

"It's fine," Jeanne replied simply, and she sounded like she meant it, strangely enough. "Joshua said it before. With Dimension Lost out of the equation, risks went down by a lot," She added and Serafall had to give that point. Besides, Joshua probably knew more about wards than she did, but still.

"I still want to help," She said, pout intensifying.

"Well, I'm sure Joshua wouldn't say no to some books about wards," Jeanne suggested, half-joking. Then she looked to the side, where Joshua stood, looking at the house with his eyes unfocused. "He'll be like that for a while."

"Is Jo-tan alright?" Because if he was affected by all this like she thought he was, then that could be bad, in a number of ways.

"He's fine. He gets like that a lot, actually… usually not for this long though," Jeanne explained, waving the whole thing off before taking a thoughtful expression. "It's his 'I'm thinking about wards' face. If you hang around, you'll see it a lot."

"That so?" Serafall asked, tilting her head. She thought she might have seen that expression on the man at some point or another, actually.

"It's a little annoying. He can get like that at any moment, really," Jeanne half-complained. "The best way to deal with it is just to leave him to it… or snap him out of it swiftly and bluntly. Being subtle will just get you ignored, I've learned."

Serafall took note of that, it could come in handy at a later point.

"Oh, Serafall, when did you get here?" Joshua asked, apparently having snapped out of his ward trance.

"I've been here for hours, Jo-tan~" She whined. It was actually around fifteen minutes, but same thing. The response ended up drawing an awkward smile from the man. He usually reacted like that to her antics, but it was fine, because-

"Sorry about that," He said, rolling with it, just like she'd come to expect. "Just… making plans, is all."

"You don't say?" Jeanne asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Yeah." Joshua nodded, either not noticing or ignoring the sarcastic tone of his sister. "I gotta double down on our security, here and at home. Maybe it's time I really got into the book Sona and Rias gave me about hexes."

"So, you'll be holed up in your study even more, huh?" Jeanne asked, drawing a chuckle from the man.

Serafall though, was thinking. Thinking about what a warder like Joshua could do with hexes added into the mix. He was already being praised by people like Ajuka as it was…

Granted, hex magic wasn't all that. In the magic community, it was usually called the discount ward magic. If you couldn't or didn't want to pay a warder for the job, someone that could do hexes was what you got instead. It wasn't a bad brand of magic, really, but it was much less well received.

If Joshua could work both though…

'I don't know if I should be glad or annoyed,' Serafall thought to herself as she considered the possibilities. On one hand, that was a possible ally that could be really useful. On the other, she didn't like the 'possible' in that phrase. They really needed to secure their place in Joshua's list of allies. She was sure that it would be a great boon for them. Ajuka had seen potential in Joshua, and she'd learned to trust her fellow Satan in these sorts of things.

"That's for after the job is done though, I guess," The man in question considered then with a slight grimace. "Man, I really need more time in my days," He grumbled before cracking his neck.

Serafall, for her part, could only look at him. With the progress he'd made, as fast as he'd done so, he still wanted more? Granted, maybe it was the attack that had made him want to progress faster, but it was still slightly baffling. After all, she knew that many magicians would kill to get as good as Joshua as fast as he'd done so.

Truly, Joshua Davis was an anomaly, if nothing else.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He looked in front of him, reading through screens that had popped as soon as the fight had been done.

[Quest Complete: Survive the attack of Khaos Brigade

Rewards:

+3 to all Stats

+3 to Ward Magic

+3 to all Ward Spells

+Perk Title: Ward Specialist]

[Quest Complete: Defeat and capture Georg

+5 to all Stats

+5 to Dagger Mastery

+5 to Throwing Weapon Mastery

+Perk Unlocked: Bane of Legends]

'Well, at least I got a good haul out of this absolute mess,' Joshua thought with a sigh. That wasn't a very reassuring thought though, when he was surrounded by people on high alert. He'd half expected Yasaka or Serafall to pull him away to ask him how he'd gotten stronger all of a sudden, or to accuse him of not being himself.

Nothing of the sort happened though, which was weird. 'Am I missing something?' Joshua wondered to himself, frowning. 'Is the system applying those changes slowly, to hide them? Is the system hiding the progress from the world? Is something else going on?' He had a lot of questions and, as usual with the system, no answers.

It was what it was though, so he decided to do as he usually did and roll with it.

"Say, does anyone want a cup of tea? Yasaka never did get to answer the question before and I really do want one myself," He commented out loud.

"I do, I do!" Serafall called excitedly, jumping in place like an hyperactive child. He nodded at her, before looking at everyone else.

"I could use one," Jeanne admitted with a weak smile.

"I can have someone prepare that, you've just gotten out of a fight," Yasaka said, frowning slightly, but Joshua just waved that off.

"Don't. I need to do something to distract myself that's not wards or Jeanne will smack me," He told her with a grin. "So, I'll do this. Good thing they didn't blow up the kitchen, huh?" He added as he walked into the house. Through the door, not the explosion hole in the wall.

As he moved though, he called for new screens.

[Ward Specialist

Increases the growth speed of Magic, Spells and magic related Skills by 20%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Spells by 15%.

Increases growth speed of Ward Magic and Ward Spells by 35%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Wards by 30%.]

'Sweet,' He all but cheered internally as he immediately switched Magician for the new title. They were basically the same thing, but with the new one giving even greater buffs to Ward Magic. What more could he ask for, right?

Now, that left one more new thing to check out.

[Bane of Legends

Increases stats when facing a Legend by 25%.

Increases skill efficacy when facing a Legend by 25%.]

'Hmm, wonder what it considers Legends?' He wondered as he read through his new Perk. 'Is it Longinus, since that's the Quest that gave it to me? Do Hero descendants count? Do monsters? Gods? Anything with a legend?' Sadly, he could only test one of those theories, but it would be something, at least. 25% should be noticeable enough in a spar against Jeanne. Maybe he could check if it counted against Devils too, with some help from Sairaorg… He doubted it, but it wouldn't hurt to try and he already trained with them anyway, so he didn't lose anything.

[Joshua Davis

Title: Ward Specialist

Race: Human

Strength: 53

Speed: 51

Dexterity: 47

Vitality: 54

Perception: 44

Magic: 71]

'Looking good,' Joshua thought. Even though the numbers didn't tell him much without a point of reference against other people, they were a nice way to keep track of things and a way to keep himself motivated. Besides, if he really wanted to know how he stood compared to other people there was always Appraisal. 'Speaking of,' He mused.

[Joshua Davis

Title: Ward Specialist

Race: Human

Gender: Male

Rank: C

Strength: C

Speed: C

Dexterity: C

Vitality: C

Perception: C-

Magic: C+]

'Man, I hate seeing the screen like this,' He thought with a grimace. It really drove home that he was weak. However, Joshua wouldn't be brought down just like that, especially not after he'd taken down a Longinus wielder. So what if he'd only done so by being underestimated, having the element of surprise, tricks and being more prepared?

That only made the victory that much sweeter to him, honestly.

As he thought that though, his mind started to drift while his hands prepared the tea. Plans formed in his head, ward arrays and hexes. He hadn't tried his hand on the latters just yet, but he would as soon as he got some free time. He already had tons of ideas for it, really, especially combining them with wards.

His home, if nothing else, would be an absolute fortress, if he had any say in the matter. He was sick and tired of people being able to just wave his defenses off. Allies or otherwise, nobody would get into his home without permission.

A thought crossed his mind then, however.

Why stop at that?

Why limit himself to defense, when he could improve so much more with his system? He could grow so much… And he would. Joshua's eyes narrowed as a resolution formed in his mind. He'd get strong enough that nobody would threaten him or anyone he cared about.

He'd lost everything once.

Never again.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"Everyone is acting weird," She mumbled, looking around nervously even as Joshua chuckled lightly at her words. She almost pouted, but that would be childish. She was right though!

Throughout the whole day, she'd seen people give Joshua looks. Some concerned, some awed, some a little more complicated than those. The worst thing was that Kunou had no idea why that was the case. Granted, sometimes they'd give him looks before, but those were different.

The other magicians would look at him with disdain, scorn, jealousy and mockery. They also whispered mean things about Joshua, whenever they thought the man and Kunou herself weren't listening. She didn't let those bother her though, Joshua himself had told her that she shouldn't. He'd said that if he himself didn't care, why would she concern herself with them.

The servants and other Youkai were different. Some looked worried about having an outsider near Kunou so much. Those were fools, she knew, since Joshua was here to help protect her in the first place. Besides, mother was almost always around or close by, there was no way anyone could be a danger to her then. Even if Kunou herself could be fooled by the natural energies, her mother couldn't.

Other servants though, seemed… happy to have him around. Relieved, in a way. It was strange, Kunou hadn't expected that kind of reaction at all. When she'd heard them talking, it had confused her even more. She hadn't caught the entire conversation, but two words had stuck out and had cleared the picture quite a bit.

'Father figure'.

Now, she didn't remember her father. Moreover, mother hardly talked about him, which… Kunou wasn't sure what that meant or how to take it. As for everybody else… it was like her father hadn't even existed at all.

Strangely, her thoughts hadn't gone down that road when she heard those words though. Instead, Kunou found herself thinking about Joshua and what the servants could have seen to make them comment on that. And what she found was…

She didn't know what it was.

"Kunou? Everything alright?" Joshua asked then, turning towards her. "They aren't bothering you, are they?" He asked, eyes darting towards the magicians and sometimes the servants. She shook her head quietly, hoping that he wouldn't pry too much. That would be embarrassing. "You sure?" When she nodded, he gave her a small smile. "It's nothing, really. Something just happened that involves… Khaos," He explained to her, turning towards the notebook in front of him. He did that often, but his eyes always strayed to check on her, even when she wasn't working on his magic teachings.

It was… nice, to have someone who cared besides her mother. The servants cared and were good people but… they were servants. They had to care, otherwise they wouldn't be there to begin with. The only one that truly cared was her mother, and for a time Kunou was fine with that.

That is, until someone else did.

Until Joshua.

"Nothing bad," He continued speaking then, and Kunou wondered if he was taking her silence as her being worried. It was just like him, to care a little too much. Not that she was complaining. "Just… something that might have changed things, is all. Actually, it means less danger of them, really."

That… Kunou didn't know if that was a good thing, even if it made her feel awful to think so. After all, Joshua was here because they needed to improve their defenses. If they didn't need that anymore, would he go away? Would he disappear from her life? Like he was never there to begin with?

"I guess that could mean more free time so that I can teach you illusions," Joshua continued, giving her a sideways grin before focusing on his work again. "That might have been the problem, really. I've been teaching you, but only in bits and pieces. Proper classes might be what you need, instead of just working on it while I do something else."

"But your work is important," Kunou protested weakly. She wanted what he was saying to be true. Would he stay then? Even after his work was done? What would happen if she continued failing at magic? Would he stay until she succeeded? Would he leave, if she failed for too long?

"It is," Joshua nodded. "Can't have the princess be in danger, after all," He added with a chuckle, before pausing and pushing the notebook away. Then, he turned towards her, giving her his full attention and Kunou had to fight a smile at that. "Besides, I like spending time with you. Maybe when you start throwing illusions around we can do something else, yeah? We'll have to see if your mother agrees though."

She froze.

Had he… He had said that, right? She hadn't heard wrong, had she? Joshua said he'd be around after she learned? Surely she wasn't reading too much into his words. That was what he said.

"Kunou?" Joshua asked, giving her a concerned expression that she'd often been annoyed by when worn by a servant. An expression that was different with mother, and now with Joshua.

"Sorry, I'm just… distracted," She said, quickly making up an excuse. There was no way she would tell him what was in her mind. "I'm just, frustrated, with my progress," She managed, turning towards the cards laid in front of her on the table, and was quite proud of having come up with that on the fly. Besides, it wasn't that wrong anyway. Magic was hard.

"And I keep telling you," Joshua told her, rolling his eyes. "You'll get it eventually. We've been making progress, even if it's not much. I'm not going anywhere unless you or your mother kick me out."

All of a sudden, Kunou felt like her cheeks were hurting. It was a good thing that her face was partially hidden by her hair. She couldn't imagine she'd managed well against questions about why she was smiling like she was. That didn't matter though…

"Guess I'll better get used to you then," She mumbled. Even Kunou herself was unsure of what she was even trying to say with that, if she was honest.

"Well, that's reassuring," Joshua commented with a chuckle. "So, anything you want to do?"

Hm, maybe the servants were onto something.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

And that's that with the immediate aftermath of Joshua's little encounter with Khaos Brigade. I was tempted to throw four PoV from non-Joshua people, but I couldn't quite find a fourth that fit well. Some could have, of course, but my muse didn't seem interested in them. So, Joshua it is. Besides, it gave me an opportunity to show the system some more, since it goes ignored most of the time. Pushing those screens for the next chapter would have been… not good, so this is what the chapter ended up being…

Ramble aside, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: Do you have a favorite part of this chapter? Which and why?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 355 others
Adrian King
Jul 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 42 - Moving On New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#189
Moving On

"And that's that," Joshua stood up, stretching his back and cracked his neck. "Man, that took longer than I expected," He muttered as he sighed, feeling the drain of setting the circles for his planned defenses. A youkai approached him then, passing him a cup of tea he'd asked for at that moment. "Thank you."

"Don't mention it, Joshua-sama," The white-haired woman told him with a slight bow and a smile. He was fairly sure that she was a yuki-onna. Guessing which race a youkai was from was interesting, he'd found. He'd been a little afraid of doing that loudly, but he'd found that they didn't mind. Still, he kept his guesses mostly to himself, just in case.

"Didn't I tell you to just call me Joshua?" He asked instead, raising an eyebrow at her.

"I apologize, Joshua-sama," She replied, and Joshua would swear that he saw her lips twitch. Instead of pressing the matter, he just sighed.

"So, that's the switching defense set then?" Yasaka asked, approaching from the side. "I expected more of a drain from it, I have to say," She commented.

"Well, I know you are strong enough to power them quickly, but I didn't want to risk it. Better to have an almost unnoticeable drain for a while than try to do too much too fast," He explained. "We've waited a while, a bit more shouldn't be a problem. Besides, it powers them in stages. First one switch and then it goes to the second and so on. I gave a detailed explanation to a youkai yesterday."

"I'm aware, but I agree with Kunou on something," Yasaka replied then with a nod and a smile. "Your explanations about magic are easy to understand, even compared to my own experts."

"Oh, well, um," He hesitated for a moment then. "Well, the drain should be there for a while, so, if it's too much, let me know. I'm pretty sure I calculated it right with the readings I got in your magic reserves, but still."

"Hm, I don't think there should be a problem with that," Yasaka told him, making him nod. "How fast should I expect them to start working properly?"

"Well, I made an array with five switches. First switch should start working tomorrow, even if it is on the weak side. From there, one switch more every week and it'll take another month for all of them to be fully powered," He explained before taking a sip from his cup.

"I see, that's acceptable," Yasaka said, before mimicking his actions with her own. 'I must be a little out of it, hadn't even noticed that she had a tea of her own,' Joshua mused to himself. "And about the illusions?"

"Well, that'll take a little longer while I figure out life energy for myself," He replied. "I guess you'll have to put up with me for a little longer."

"I guess I will, considering that Kunou was commenting about things she planned on doing after she finished her studies," The youkai leader commented with a small smile.

"I hope I wasn't overstepping with that," Joshua replied, suddenly nervous.

"Nothing of the sort. I'm actually quite happy that she's acting more and more as a child because of you. I wanted to thank you, in fact," Yakasa told him, her smile turning sad then.

"No need to thank me," He replied quickly. "Like I told her, I like spending time with her. I guess she triggers my big brother instincts."

"Hm," She hummed, although there was something in her expression that Joshua couldn't quite place. "I guess that must be it." He would swear that he heard someone giggle in the background. Was there something he was missing here? "I was told that my people were giving each magician a copy of the other's ideas and designs. Anything to comment on that front?"

"Well, there are some that are… not quite what I would do," Joshua replied then, frowning in thought. None of those ideas had been bad per se, but some had been… not quite as good as they could have been. "I left some ideas of my own on some of those. Hopefully they'll help make this place more secure."

"Oh, you mean that too. I guess I have to be grateful for such a dedicated contractor, then," She commented with a slight smile.

"I mean, it's become at least a little personal already," Joshua replied with a shrug. "Can't have my student in danger, can I?"

"Well, I'm still thankful," Yasaka said, shaking her head. "Truly, I am," She added then, as if to drive home that she really meant what she was saying. "Kunou is the most important thing in the world to me. Thank you for caring about her too."

"... There's no need to thank me for that, Yasaka," Joshau told her after a pause where they stopped walking. "She's a sweet girl. Anyone that doesn't care about her should be checked in the head, honestly."

"Hm, still, I just wanted that to be said."

"Ah, you finished, Joshua!" A voice called then, making them both turn towards the person they'd just been talking about. "I got the circle to form completely!" She announced, beaming proudly at him once she reached the two of them. "There was even a shimmer of the illusion before it collapsed."

"Oh? That's a lot of progress," Joshua said with a grin of his own. "You haven't been holding back on me, have you?"

"Mhm," She hummed, shaking her head adamantly. As she went to open her mouth to protest the accusation, however, he planted his hand over her head.

"Well, now I gotta see that. How about you show me?"

"Ok, come on. You too, mum," The girl said, reaching for her mother's arm and his before pulling them both towards the room they usually sat for their 'classes'.

"Brother, right," Someone muttered as they walked by.

"What?" Joshua asked distractedly, seeing the yuki-onna from before.

"Nothing, Joshua-sama," She replied quickly.

'Weird,' He thought to himself.

[}-o-{]​

Back when he started with it, he'd thought training Magic Sense was annoying, what with the constant need to focus on it at the start. It'd taken a frustrating amount of time to get used to that and do it almost subconsciously. Even more so to have it always be on the edge of his mind.

Life Sense, however, was proving to be much, much worse. It actually made Magic Sense look like child's play, really. It was a reasonable thing, but that still meant he had to deal with it while he tried to get a feel for it. Furthermore, he needed to work much more on that to be able to apply what he was learning to illusions, which was the main problem, to be honest.

'Focus, Joshua,' He told himself as he sat with his legs crossed and his eyes closed. He searched for warmth once more then. Even after getting a feel for it, even after practicing for long, he still struggled to get to it again every time. It was like the energy actively avoided him. It was so vague it escaped him often.

Eventually he found it though. His own life energy pulsed inside him. Nagini's resting on his shoulders touched his, pressing against it intently. They weren't connected per se, but they were so very close they might as well be. Joshua suspected that was because of the familiar bond. He'd found similar results with the rest of them, at least, and it was different than when he'd tried while having Jeanne place a hand on his shoulder.

Everyone's life energy felt slightly different too. Nagini's was calm, contained. Morag was playful, active. Margalo was curious, exploring. Cheshire was strong, determined. Jeanne was firm, but frail, sharp, but hesitant. Joshua's… he couldn't quite describe his own, for some reason. Everytime he tried, he felt at a loss for words. Although, considering that nobody had commented on his life energy being weird, he supposed it might just be because it was his own.

Then he felt someone join him. Calm and contained, like Nagini, but curious and exploring, like Margalo. The warmth welcomed him like a house in the winter. He smiled softly, before he felt his eyes widen, surprised.

Joshua looked down at Kunou, who apparently had decided that sitting on his lap was a perfectly reasonable thing to do. Especially considering that he was meditating. The girl hummed happily, as if nothing was wrong, while she pulled out a card and started trying to make it work.

Deciding to just do what he did best and roll with it, he closed his eyes and focused back on his exercise. Curious, however, he used Magic Sense to see how his adorable student progressed. Kunou was definitely getting better, that was for sure. The circles now almost always shone. Sometimes even sparking illusions, although never for more than a second. Even then, it was more of an exception than a rule. Usually it was barely some flashes of light or sound, really, but she'd get there.

She'd definitely come a long way from the girl that couldn't even make the circles shine.

Nagini watched over his shoulder, curiously keeping an eye on the practicing girl. Joshua, for his part, pulled away slightly, trying to get back to working on Life Sense. He'd have time to talk with Kunou later. He didn't want to interrupt her.

"You said we could do other things after I get better with illusions," Kunou said, breaking him out of his focus. Joshua couldn't bring himself to be too mad about it though. Instead, he just looked down at her. "What other things?"

"Don't know, is there anything you'd like to do?" He asked instead, because it seemed that she wanted to get somewhere with the question.

"Hm, I don't know either," She replied, fidgeting with the card in her hands. "What do you do with Jeanne?"

"Well, we train a whole lot, but that'd be boring. Besides, we are kinda already doing that. I've taught her to cook too, but I don't think-" He started counting, before he was interrupted.

"We can do that," She said quickly, making Joshua blink. Then the little kitsune youkai blushed and looked to the side. "The servants don't let me cook and we did it with mum a few times but she's busy. We could do that."

"Sure, that works for me," Joshua replied with a nod. "As for other things… well, we don't do much else together, really, since we like different stuff. I do like to draw though, so we could try that?" He offered with a tilt of his head.

"You draw?"

"I sure do," He confirmed with a chuckle, pulling out a card from his pocket and taking out a notebook from the Storage Spell. Opening it, he showed Kunou some of his drawings.

"So pretty," The girl commented, her fingers gracing the pages like she was afraid she'd break it with the smallest of touches. It was a drawing of Nagini the one she'd stopped at, Joshua noticed. One where the serpent's form was accentuated by Morag's threads. It was a beautiful sight, to be sure. The snake herself certainly agreed, poking Kunou's cheek with her tail and hissing something, making the girl giggle.

"She is," Joshua agreed, scratching the underside of Nagini's jaw.

"I can learn to draw like this?"

"You sure can, with time and practice, like with everything," He told Kunou with a grin. "So, you wanna do that? Maybe you can start with that when you get frustrated and need to relax."

"Hm," She hummed, a grin spreading over her face that he just couldn't help but return. "Anything else?"

"Well, I may have some other ideas, but what about you? Anything that comes to your mind?" He asked curiously.

"Not… really?" She replied hesitantly, her brows furrowed as if she were trying really hard to think of something. It struck Joshua that maybe she hadn't had much time to think about such things, with her duties as an actual princess and how those seemed to have affected her.

"Well, we can think that over. We've got the time," He reassured, placing a hand over her head and ruffling her hair. For once, she didn't protest the action, which only made his grin widen more.

[}-o-{]​

"Thank you, again, for agreeing to this, Joshua," Yasaka said, making him feel more than a little uncomfortable.

"I've told you, I really don't mind," He reassured the woman, a wry smile forming on his face. "Honestly, I think I could count this as a favor for me."

"That so?"

He simply hummed at that, his eyes moving to the side, where Jeanne was sitting on the ground, with Kunou sitting on her lap. Margalo was currently perched on the older girl's shoulder, while Morag drew shapes with her webs on the ground in front of them. Cheshire, for her part, was currently walking around them lazily, from time to time skipping her way towards Joshua. As for Nagini, she was currently wrapped around him, resting her head next to his.

The girls were just talking between themselves, occasionally playing games with cards. Normal ones, for once. From time to time, they'd join Joshua and Yasaka or the other way around, but now, it seemed that they were too old or something. He couldn't begin to guess, honestly.

"I noticed that I've been… working a little too much," Joshua admitted, not sure if saying that was a good idea. Especially considering that he was talking to his current boss and a leader of a faction. "Jeanne keeps trying to get me to stop and rest but I just… I can't."

"You know that there's no pressure, right? Especially after you caught the Dimension Lost holder," Yasaka told him, sounding quite confused. "There's no need to push yourself. Our defenses have held up so far, they'll hold for a bit more. Besides, you've already set extra defenses."

"I know that," He replied, grimacing. "I just… When I start a project, I can't get it off my head until I finish it. Can't really focus on anything else."

"I see," Yasaka said, in a tone that had him thinking she really didn't. "I guess I'll have to have some servants keep an eye on you. I can't have my daughter's teacher overworking himself."

Joshua almost groaned, but that would have been a bad idea, he knew. Unfortunately for him, he was sitting next to one of the people most proficient in life energy sensing in the world. That translated to his own life energy betraying most of what went through his head for her to see. Or, at least, his annoyance must have been quite noticeable through it, if her giggle was anything to go by.

"You really are quite a dedicated person," She commented, although she seemed to have a sad smile on her face.

"You say that like it's a bad thing," He pointed out with a wry smile. For a long moment, she remained silent, staring at him. It had Joshua considering the possibility that he might have messed up somehow. He couldn't see why, but he also wasn't particularly good at reading social settings.

"You don't even realize, do you?" Yasaka asked eventually, getting a confused blink out of him. "Beneath what you are feeling right now, there's always a… despair somewhere beneath it. I wasn't going to bring it up, but…" She stopped then, hesitating.

Joshua's mind continued on its own though. She'd brought it up because he didn't even know that had been happening. It certainly sounded concerning, when seeing like that, right? Someone not even seeming to know that something like that was going on in his own mind.

Joshua knew about that though.

"I try to push that aside, honestly," He told her, his smile turning sad as emotions he usually kept at bay resurfaced. "I've gotten quite good at it, it seems." Especially if he could do it without even knowing.

"I apologize, I didn't mean to-"

"It's ok," He reassured, not even realizing that he'd just interrupted one of the youkai's leaders. "You didn't know, it's fine. I just…" Joshua trailed off then, his right hand moving to grasp at his left hand's wrist.

"Oh." He almost didn't hear her, but he did. Had she seen the scars? No, that was impossible, he always kept them hidden. It was the reason he always wore long sleeves. He'd learned to always be careful about them too. 'More Senjutsu bullshit?' He thought, wondering when he'd get good enough at Life Sensing that he'd pick up all the stuff Yasaka seemed to.

"I'm sorry," He told her, trying to keep his voice calm. Inside, however, he felt the turmoil of his emotions and he knew that she probably picked up on that. "But I don't want to talk about it."

"I understand," She said softly and he felt a wave of warmth wash over him. Senjutsu, he supposed, which he appreciated. Even when he knew it was outside interference, it helped push the bad thoughts back. "Again, I shouldn't have brought it up."

"Don't worry about it," Joshua reassured her once more with a wave of his hand.

There was silence then, but now he couldn't quite seal those thoughts away as he'd been doing so far. He almost sighed, pondering on the merits of getting himself a cup of tea. Not only would that buy some time to focus back in the present but it'd also save him from the awkward silence, that was for sure. Instead, he closed his eyes and let out a chuckle.

"My parents… they died nine months ago," He said then, his eyes focusing on his sister, his familiars and Kunou. He didn't want to look at Yasaka at that moment, lest he lost his nerve. "They were everything I had and then they were just… gone. I was in a bad place, and I almost didn't make it."

His fingers clutched at his wrist. Those scars might not have been caused by Joshua himself, but he'd long since acknowledge that they might as well have been. He knew himself and he knew that, in his other self's situation, he would have done the same. There was only one reason he hadn't just done it after waking up in that bathroom.

Something he had that his other self didn't.

"You don't give up on me, son!"

"You were trying so hard. It won't end like this!"

"You'll be alright, you'll be alright."

"I love you."

"I love you, son."

"I'm proud of you."

Still, the fact remained that he'd been that close himself.

"So much for not talking about it, huh?" He mused with a self-deprecating smile.

"Maybe you didn't realize you were ready, before now," Yasaka commented, although he thought she seemed to be making an effort to sound… neutral, he supposed would be the word. Maybe he'd caught her off guard? He always wanted to hit himself. What was he doing opening up to her like this? Throwing all of this at her as if she where supposed to do something about this.

God, he was more of a mess than he realized.

"Maybe," Joshua agreed with a slight nod. He still couldn't bring himself to look at the woman, his eyes firmly on the scene in front of him, even if he wasn't really looking at it. "Is your Senjutsu making me more calm?"

"It is," She admitted, more easily than he'd expected. There was no point in lying though, he guessed. If even he could tell, even when he could barely give Life Sensing the focus it needed for a few split seconds, then there was really no way she could talk her way out of that one. "I hope it was not the wrong thing to do," She added then, sounding like she meant it.

"I'm not mad," Joshua said, not really replying to what she'd said. To be honest, he wasn't sure about that himself. He felt better, after talking about it, but was it her calming effect or was it because of what he'd done. He couldn't be sure if it had been a good thing. "I appreciate the effort," He said in the end, since that was as much as he could tell her without lying.

He then felt the change in the air, as Yasaka let go of her Senjutsu. He felt… different. A calm that he'd previously had washed away. Negative emotions that were previously being held back flared up with a vengeance.

And still…

He felt better than he had in a while. He was not content, that was for sure. However, he could now think back, remember, the time before his… displacement. He could recall times with his mother and his father. More importantly, he could do so without feeling like he'd spiral into a depression if he dared. He didn't need to focus on Jeanne, or his familiars, or a project, to keep those thoughts at bay.

He was sad, yes. He felt the grief that he'd mostly kept at bay. And yet, he also felt… strangely free.

Joshua smiled, and while it held no happiness, it did hold hope.

"Thank you, Yasaka," He said then. "I think I might have needed to just…" Say that? Think through it? Have her help him with Senjutsu? He didn't even know anymore. However… something about what he'd just gone through, he'd needed it. "Just, thank you."

"After what you've been doing for me, Joshua, I think I don't need to be thanked," The woman replied, sounding almost amused.

"You know you are paying me for this job, right?"

"Oh? And teaching Kunou was part of the job?" She asked back, and he could almost see the raised eyebrow, even if he still wasn't looking at her.

"I chose to do that, and it's really for her more than-"

"And you think it's of no consequence to me?" She continued and his mouth clicked shut. "So, don't mention it, really. If anything, I can say the same to you. I chose to do that and that's all. I didn't know if it would help, so I actually feel bad being thanked for that."

"Guess I'll have to thank you indirectly," He said, finally turning towards the woman and giving her a slight grin. Maybe he wasn't feeling the jokes just yet, but he did feel… lighter, in a way, he supposed. "Spoil Kunou a little, she'll enjoy that."

"I guess she will," Yasaka agreed with a giggle.

"Who will what?" The girl in question asked, having approached them again and looking between them.

"I was just thinking about buying something to eat for everyone. Whatever you want, how's that sound?" Joshua asked, giving the girls and animals a smile.

"Yes!" The youngest agreed instantly, while Jeanne certainly didn't seem against the idea. "Yes, of course. Can we get it right now?"

"Sure, let's get going, yes?"

"I'll be paying for Kunou and myself, you know that right?" Yasaka pointed out.

"Hm, you said something?" Joshua asked back, pointedly narrowing his eyes when he turned towards the youkai's leader. The woman, for her part, gave him a smile before just letting the 'issue' go. They'd just been over that. As if he'd let her cheat her way out of his thanks… Or a part of them, anyway.

"Did I… miss something?" Jeanne asked, looking between the two of them, and Joshua suddenly felt danger.

"Not really, why?" He managed to say, the acting coming almost naturally to him, thankfully.

"Hmmm… I don't believe you."

'Damnit,' He cursed internally, already seeing where this was going to go. 'Please, let me be wrong. Please, let me be wrong.' Unfortunately for him, he could almost see the ideas forming in Jeanne's mind as she looked between himself and Yasaka. No, he couldn't let that happen.

"Let's go," He decided for the easy out, turning his attention towards Kunou, who looked like Christmas had come early. Yes, he could work with that. Much better than dealing with Jeanne. That way laid madness.

As he moved away from the minefield that was his sister, he had to wonder why he felt so much better. That hadn't felt like a deep, changing moment. He'd just… talked about stuff with someone. Not even someone that he was particularly close to either. No offense to Yasaka, but she was certainly not as close to him as Jeanne or his familiars.

But maybe it wasn't about that?

He supposed it was more about accepting it himself rather than the action of talking. Maybe he just needed to face what had happened for himself and talking to Yasaka had just cause that. 'Does it matter?' He had to wonder, as he started walking with Kunou.

'No, not really,' Joshua decided. The fact was that he felt better. He could look for answers later. For the moment, he would just enjoy the very welcome change.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, back in the day, this story was a lot closer to romance than I used to write back then. Personally, I think it's because Joshua is already an adult, compared to the MC of my other MC, Eiji (from Game of Shadows). It's not as weird for me as trying to write romance when my MC is barely a teen. Also, this entire world is a lot more 'romance' oriented, if it can even be called that… which I doubt, but you know what I mean.

That's not to say that we'll be having pairings anytime soon. That'll go as slowly as everything else is with me, I'm afraid. Hopefully you guys don't hate me too much for it. Also, I want to say it clearly I have no confirmed pairing for this at all (or I did, at this point of writing GoM), so don't bother asking about that or anything (still don't, because I don't like spoiling things, if you are curious you can read this story in FFN). It might look like it'll go this or that way at some points, but I have nothing in mind at the moment.

If nothing else, I guess this'll be my experiment to see if I can write romance at all without messing it up. So, make sure to comment on that if you can. Any help would be appreciated.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: In the spirit of continuing how the notes have gone so far, what's the pairing you'd like to see? People have been throwing those in reviews for a while, but I'd like to know what the people that haven't have in mind.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 330 others
Adrian King
Jul 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 43 - You Should’ve Known Better New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#193
You Should've Known Better

"Jo-taaaan! I'm bored," Someone whined next to him, but he kept his eyes firmly locked on his notebook. He also resolutely ignored the giggles from his other side. Maybe if he did that for long enough- "I'm just gonna continue~"

Damn it.

"And what do you want me to do to entertain you, Serafall?" He asked, resigning himself to his fate of not being able to work. As he closed his notebook, he took a moment to look at Kunou's work. She'd taken a break from magic training and was just trying to draw in an empty notebook he'd given her. 'Trying' was the operative word there.

Maybe having Serafall there wasn't such a bad thing. He expected that Kunou would have been complaining instead, about how hard it was to draw. Seriously, the girl really needed to learn to set lower expectations for herself.

"Let's play a game!" The Satan of Foreign Affairs announced, springing to life where she'd before been laying her face on the table. He just gave her the flattest of looks. "What?"

"Nothing," He said, not even bothering to sigh. "Say," He started, turning to the side, until he found the nearest youkai. "Would you-"

"It'll be no problem, Joshua-sama," She said, giving him a smile and a slight bow. "I'll be right back with a cup of tea."

He just blinked as he followed the woman with his eyes.

"What… just happened?"

"Honestly," Kunou said, huffing next to him. "You always ask for tea."

"I ask for other things too," He defended himself weakly.

"Like what? What have you asked for that wasn't a cup of tea?" The girl asked, turning to him and raising an eyebrow. Joshua, for his part, desperately looked for an answer, any answer.

"... What happened with Cute Kunou, I like her better," He said in the end, making the girl give him a smug look. That is, before she caught on to what he said and narrowed her eyes at him. Huffing again, she turned back to her notebook, adding a pout for good measure.

"Jo-tan~! Game~!" Serafall whined and he just gave her a bored look.

"And what game did you want to play?" He asked, tiredly massaging his eyes.

"I don't know~" The woman continued her whining undeterred by neither his antics, nor his 'enthusiasm' and nor Kunou's giggles. "Don't you have a game you like playing?" She asked, pouting at him.

"I like working with magic though," He replied blandly. It wasn't a lie per se, but he knew that- Yup, there she went, pouting even harder than before. He was surrounded by children, he swore.

"You are no fun at all, Jo-tan," She complained. "Girls don't like that, you know?" His eye twitched, but he didn't even deign that with an answer. Then he frowned as something crossed his mind.

"Now that I think about it, why are you even here?" He asked, tilting his head. The 'magical girl' blinked at him.

"You just thought about that?" She asked, almost looking completely baffled. There was still quite a bit of her little act in there though. "Jo-tan, you need to pay attention to your surroundings," She chided him before bonking him on the head with her 'magical staff'.

"Sorry," He apologized with a completely unapologetic tone. "Thank you," He said then, this time towards the youkai that had come back with a cup of tea. "You are a lifesaver, Fuyuko."

"So you continue saying, Joshua-sama."

"Jo-tan~ It's rude to flirt with other women when you are with one already, you know~?" Serafall whined, making him close his eyes and count down from three.

"Back to my question?" He asked, trying to curve the woman's… antics a little bit into normal territory. Maybe it was wishful thinking, but he had to try, at the very least.

"We are still dealing with the whole mess you caused, you know," She told him, as if it was his fault that Khaos Brigade had attacked him. At least, that's what he thought that was all about. He could hardly come up with any other thing that could be related to a 'mess' and him, really.

"How's that going then?" He asked, more because it felt like what he had to do than actual curiosity. He'd avoided making questions about that so far for a reason, after all. He'd much prefer to go back to the calm days when he just worked on magic and nothing else. Dealing with the terrorist group's bullshit certainly didn't fit that bill.

At least, for the moment.

"They emptied all their bases before we could get to them," Serafall pouted, crossing her arms. "Still, we got Dimension Lost thanks to you, so that's a nice enough blow to them, really."

"That's good to hear," He said, taking a sip from the tea. It was glorious, really. He could only dream of the one he made being that good sometime in the future. Then he sighed. 'Guess I can do some serious talk about this…' "What's going to happen to the guy?"

"That's the kind of information that's classified, Jo-tan," Serafall replied, with a 'serious' nod. And that was that, which suited him just- "But I'll tell you anyway," She added with a beaming smile. He just sighed again. "The Youkai are gonna keep him and the others for now. Although, they are talking with the Crows, from what I gathered. And not with us, the meanies."

"Crows, as in, the Fallen?" Joshua asked. That was interesting. Not for anything in particular though, except the fact that it involved the only one of the Bible factions that he'd yet to meet, if he didn't count… 'Akeno, was it?' Not that he was complaining.

"Yes." Serafall nodded. "But that's boring."

Joshua didn't even bother pointing out that he'd all but tried to leave that line of conversation before.

"So, what do you want to talk about then?" He asked, taking another sip from his drink.

"Well, for one, I'm having trouble finding a way to pay you for what you did for us," Serafall said, pouting at him like he was at fault for that. Which, for once, he supposed he kind of was. He had a habit of… not deciding what he wanted to be paid with. To be fair, half the time, he didn't even need the payment.

In this case though, it had been mostly that he'd accepted because he kind of had to. The situation didn't leave much wiggle room for him to not take the job and come out smelling like roses. And he'd only agreed to help out the Devils and the Church because he wanted to avoid political trouble as much as possible.

So, he hadn't really expected or wanted any payment from them, really. However, Joshua doubted that 'leave me alone' would go well, regardless of how he said it. Sad, but it was what it was.

"Well, I mean, I was going to see about getting some books on communication magic, sounds like they could be-"

"Easy," She interrupted, waving that off. "Not even worth much at all, anything else?"

"..." Joshua simply stared at her for a moment. It did make sense that she'd consider that almost nothing, but then again, why was she going to pay much for basically… What had he even done for her? He let her take him there, which didn't require anything from him. He'd put a good word for her, but he was basically a random magician more, really. He'd just been lucky with Georg, really. And…

That's it?

"Well, I was thinking about finding a place over here. You know, since I have a student now but-"

"You can keep that house I gave you. Honestly, for the trouble with Khaos Brigade, I'd give it to you for free," Serafall interrupted again, with yet another wave of her hand. Joshua narrowed his eyes then. 'That sounded like something happened with Khaos involving her or the Devils in particular,' He mused to himself before deciding that maybe he was better off without the headache… or trying to interrogate a Satan, for that matter.

"Well, uh… I don't know," He said with a helpless shrug as the woman pouted at him, just like Kunou would when he told her that she needed to take a break. At least before she'd taken up drawing, that is. "Wouldn't say no to more books on the supernatural. I don't have nearly enough inf-"

"But those are boring~" Serafal whined and Joshua felt his eyebrow twitch. "There has to be something fun you want."

Staring at her for a moment, he then turned to Kunou, who seemed to have decided she was much better just ignoring the two of them. Smart girl. That was probably the best decision she could make in that situation. Joshua would have been proud if it wasn't because she was basically throwing him to the wolves.

"I don't even want to know what a fun option would be for you," He said then, sighing for what felt like the hundredth time and giving his drink his full attention. At least until he realized that Serafall hadn't taken that opening and was instead just bouncing where she sat next to him, as if waiting for him to say something. "Really, I don't know what I could possibly ask-" Then he paused as something crossed his mind.

"Oh, did you think of something? Did you, Jo-tan?" Serafal asked then, seeing right through him.

"Phoenix Tears," He said then, earning himself slightly raised eyebrows from the Satan. He had to wonder what she had expected him to ask for, really.

Phoenix Tears had been something that interested him since… Well, since Sairaorg commented on them during one of their training sessions. He'd since researched on it a little and those potions were basically the only thing that could instantly heal someone and leave them as good as new. They even regenerated magic and stamina. Maybe even life energy, although that hadn't been mentioned in what he read.

It was the kind of thing that he really wanted to get his hands on.

Hell, they'd made him research potions for a bit. It sounded like something that would be fun and, more importantly, very useful. However, even then, he'd be very far from what Phoenix Tears could do. If he had a chance to get his hands on one or two vials, he'd take it.

"I can make that happen," Serafall replied. The smile on her face was very smug as if she'd won a battle or something instead of… convincing him to ask for more as payment. 'Devils are weird…' He thought, remembering a similar situation with Sairaorg. "Well, I think Yasaka will kick me out if I stay for too much longer, so I'll just go now."

"Oh, one more thing," Joshua said, drawing a tilt of Serafall's head and a surprised blink. "Could you have your people not randomly break through all my wards when you need to have a chat? It'd be nice to at least think my home is safe," He said smiling wryly.

"What? Who? Sairaorg would never and I've always at least asked through the flier," She asked, for once seemingly meaning business as she sat straight and frowned at him.

"Your fellow Satan, Ajuka, he just appeared in my living room one day. It was rather…" He struggled for a moment to find the right word before just giving up. "... something, I have to say."

There was silence for a long moment as he looked at Serafall's expression. For a moment, she just frowned, then she seemed almost confused. After that, her eyes widened slightly before she appeared to be… dismayed.

"Damn it all, Ajuka," She sighed, exasperated. "I just… I'm sorry about whatever it is he did, Joshua," She said, giving him a strained smile. "Ajuka is a genius regarding a lot of things, especially magic. People though are… not his strong point. We'd just told him to check how good a warder you were not to… Sirzechs and I thought he'd just check the wards you'd set, not invade your home," She explained, massaging her forehead.

It was his turn to blink at her.

"I'll… I'll talk to him. Sorry, again. I'll make it up to you, I promise," She continued, sounding almost tired. "If you can think of anything else you want, it'd be appreciated. It seems I owe you more than I thought I did."

"Ah… I'll see what I can come up with?" Joshua asked, still processing that. He'd thought Lucifer and her had sicked Beelzebub on him on purpose. Now though, it seemed that he'd misunderstood the situation completely.

'Good thing I didn't hold a grudge over that then,' He mused to himself.

"Well, it seems I have someone to deal with all of a sudden," Serafall said with a strained smile as she slowly donned her 'magical girl' act once more. "See you later, Jo-tan, Ku-tan!"

"Don't call me that!" Kunou protested instantly and vehemently.

"That's a lost battle, Kunou. Honestly, I think it's better if you just ignore her," Joshua told the girl with a sigh and taking another sip from his cup of tea. "I think half the reason she does it might be to see how people react," He added, making the girl turn thoughtful. Joshua wasn't too sure about that, but it sounded plausible enough.

"Still," She grumbled.

"How's that drawing going?" He asked then, turning to her notebook. "Someone's a fan of foxes, huh? I wonder why," He said teasingly as he looked at the rough drawing of a fox on the page. She'd been at it for a while and it wasn't that good, but it was distinguishable.

"Don't laugh at me," She mumbled, looking down.

"Kunou, I draw my own familiars all the time. I think I'm the last person that would laugh at you for drawing foxes," He told her with a shake of his head and placing his hand on her head. "It's a pretty good drawing, keep it up."

"Really?"

"Of course it is. Better than my first drawings, I think. Man, that's just not fair."

His grin widened as he heard the girl giggle. Especially when she took the notebook back and smiled down at the drawing. Now that was just adorable.

[}-o-{]​

"Woah," Kunou mumbled as she looked around at the illusion he'd forged around them. Joshua had decided, for once, not to use cards. Mainly because he was tired from work and didn't feel like spending who knew how long drawing the circles. Especially one as complex as the one that he needed to use.

Thus, he just weaved the circle into existence with his magic. He'd more than raised his stat enough to use the Intermediate Mirage without just passing out, that was for sure. Considering that the spell had a minimum consumption of E and his Magic stat had broken into B- territory just the other day, he thought it a safe assumption that he would, indeed, be fine.

Sure enough, he was. Although, to be fair, he did feel like the drain for the little show he was making for Kunou was more than what he'd class as E. Then again, he was doing more than would be considered the bare minimum for the spell, so there was that.

[Intermediate Mirage has gone up a level.]

He ignored the notification in favor of continuing the little 3D movie he was making for Kunou. He'd taken one of the stories from his world and adapted it into real life instead of a screen. He thought he did a pretty good job, especially considering that the movie didn't even exist in this world and thus he only had memories from quite a while ago to go off of.

"I see you are having fun," Yasaka said from behind him, but Joshua concentrated on the illusion.

"Mum, come on, you have to see this. It's amazing!" Kuno exclaimed, standing up and walking up to her mother. "I mean… the story is pretty good," She stumbled for a moment, almost putting on the princess mask she seemed so attached to. Joshua couldn't have that though, and thus, he made a butterfly that flew up to the girl's face and landed on her nose, making her giggle.

The rest of the show was momentarily paused, since his audience was distracted.

"She needed a break, I needed a break, so I thought I'd show her what she'd have to work with in the future," Joshua explained, walking up to the mother and daughter duo. "Did you take notes, Kunou?" He asked, faking a serious tone and expression. Instantly, her face turned red as she stuttered some excuse about leaving the notes for later.

Then he just broke into a grin.

"You thought I'd do that to you? I'm under an oath not to hurt you, you know?" He joked, placing a hand over her head as she pouted at him.

"Meanie," She mumbled.

"That'd be a cruel and unusual punishment, really. Besides, it'd be a shame to ruin an exciting story with…" He trailed off and mock shuddered. "... studying."

"Aha! See!" Kunou exclaimed then, jumping and little and pointing at him while she looked at her mother. Joshua blinked at her. "I was right!"

"Uh… Did I miss something?" He asked, turning towards Yasaka, who was giggling behind her hand.

"It's nothing, just a little thing from back when Kunou was taking some classes that she… wasn't a fan of," The youkai leader explained.

"Your teachers weren't as good as me, huh? Understandable," Joshua mused, making it very clear that he was joking.

"Certainly not," Kunou nodded, playing along, even as her lips twitched into a grin. "Can we go back? I want to see if they can free his godfather."

"Sure we can," He agreed easily. "You want to join us, Yasaka?" He asked, turning towards the woman.

"I'd love to," She replied with a smile before she moved to take a seat next to her daughter. A moment later, he restarted the illusion show.

[}-o-{]​

"She's spoiling her."

"She certainly is," Joshua agreed with a nod as he looked at Jeanne telling Kunou about all the places she'd seen. The child didn't care much for that, obviously, since they were stories of Kyoto and she'd grown up there. The younger girl was humoring the older though, mainly because she'd brought gifts for her.

"Should I be concerned about you two instead of Khaos Brigade trying to steal my daughter away?" Yasaka asked, raising an eyebrow and smiling at him.

"Oh no, we've been found out," He replied, not even bothering to hide the laughter in his voice or the grin on his face. "Whatever shall we do?"

"There's nowhere you can hide. You shall be punished," Yasaka told him, just as "seriously". "And that shall be done through more classes and more visits for Kunou."

"Oh no," He "despaired" with a deadpan. "Anything but that." Joshua could only hold the laughter back for barely a second before chuckling. "Good thing it seems I'll have a house around here then. It seems I'll need it to carry out my punishment."

"Oh?"

"Serafall didn't tell you? We talked. She's giving me the house… Well, the house I'm currently using, as payment."

"Is that so?" She mused, tilting her head.

"I hope it's not a problem. I know this is still your territory and all. So, if that's a bad idea or something, just let me know," He said quickly. He hadn't even thought about that at the time. He was an idiot.

"Don't worry," Yasaka replied, waving off his concerns and making him almost deflate in relief. "Honestly, I prefer you having a house here than the Devils, although they have a few more," She added, almost grimacing at the last part. "It's not a problem at all, don't worry," She repeated.

"Well then, it seems you'll have to put up with me more from now on. I'll try not to be too much of a bother," Joshua said, his eyes briefly turning towards the girls, who were now seemingly playing something with his familiars. Or was it just talking? Difficult to tell with just a glance.

"I'm sure you won't," Yasaka replied, shooting a fond smile in her daughter's direction.

"Joshua!" Jeanne shouted then, sounding positively scandalized. "What have you been telling Kunou?"

"Eh, lot's of things? We spend a good chunk of our day together, you know?" He answered, confused.

"About me practicing the Storage Spell," Jeanne clarified, narrowing her eyes at him while he blinked.

"Oh, you mean when you were sure you'd gotten the spell down and then-"

"Why did you tell her that?" Jeanne whined, partially to cover what he was going to say, he'd bet. Joshua simply stared at her for a moment, barely containing a smile. "Now I lost all my cool sister points!"

"Ah… my condolences," He replied. "It was a necessary sacrifice though. Kunou was sad."

"I wasn't sad!" Said girl protested, but her words went completely ignored.

"Hmph… I guess I can accept that," Jeanne muttered, clearly still not happy.

"I wasn't sad!" Kunou repeated, to no avail.

"If it makes you feel better, she thinks your swords and knives are cool," Joshua tried, getting his sister to perk up.

"Do you?" She asked, turning towards the younger girl with hopeful eyes.

"Some of them are really pretty," Kunou commented, sounding a little confused about the situation. She also looked like she wanted to keep arguing about the "lie" that she'd been sad.

"You've seen nothing yet. I'll show you some pretty swords. Any preferences?" Jeanne declared, seemingly very eager to show off her one strong point. At least when it came to showing off.

"They sure are lively," Yasaka commented as the two girls lost themselves in their own conversation again.

"Jeanne's been a lot happier since we came here. She loves seeing the world… I'll have to find time to go visit some other places, I think," Joshua commented. "Don't know where though, since there might be supernatural problems with certain places."

"Hm, I don't think you have to worry about that. With Shed, Serafall and me in your corner, I don't think anyone would cause too much trouble for you, Joshua," The youkai leader reassured.

He was a little surprised though. He hadn't expected her to offer support like that. Sure, they were friendly, friends even, he'd say. However, there was a difference between that and saying that she'd back him up with political matters and such. Serafall would probably need some payment of some kind, he guessed, although he did have that supposed favor for the Ajuka thing. And Shed… well, he knew nothing of the deity, really, or what he'd do regarding basically anything.

Joshua went to comment on that when he felt something. Something that had his back straightening and his eyes narrowing. One of his wards had triggered and he knew exactly which one.

"Joshua?" Yasaka asked, clearly noticing the obvious shift in his posture. Probably the one in his life energy too, he'd bet.

"The gall of these people," He all but growled, his lips pulling up into a snarl. The youkai leader next to him could only stare wide eyed as the girls and animals turned towards him. These latter ones having noticed due to Cheshire dashing towards him immediately.

"Did something happen?" Kunou asked curiously. "You look angry, Joshua," She commented, and the almost fear in her voice made him deflate where he sat.

"It's… Don't worry about it, ok, Kunou?" He told her, giving her a reassuring smile. Although, he was fairly sure he failed. Then, the man sighed, massaging his eyes before waving his hand in front of him.

An illusion formed, and it took Yasaka a second to realize that it was of his place and the area around it. Snapping his fingers, two red dots appeared some distance away from the house. He stared at it for a moment before pointing it out.

"Someone was checking my wards, apparently," He said, casting a glance towards Yasaka. "So, unless it's you or Serafall and you didn't tell me about that…"

The look on the youkai leader's face said it all.

"I'll have someone pick them up," She replied simply and he nodded, before turning towards Kunou.

"Good. They seem to be a magician and some kind of Sacred Gear construct. That last one has some similar readings to Jeanne's swords, at least. There are few, but considering that I can't quite place what that is at all, I'd bet on Sacred Gear stuff going on here," He said simply before taking a deep breath in. "How about an illusion show after I get some tea for myself, yeah? I need something to distract me right now," Joshua commented, getting an eager nod from Kunou, who'd been looking a little nervous there for a second. He tried his best to ignore Yasaka's searching look before she stood up to deal with the issue.

God, he was so done with Khaos Brigade already

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Man, I'm loving this arc. I'm very aware that people probably think this is the most boring shit ever, but I can only apologize for that. Hopefully you guys won't hate me too much for indulging in this.

I also hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What type of games do you like? I like RPGs, roguelikes, and simulation games, mostly. Haven't been playing much at all lately though, sadly.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 356 others
Adrian King
Jul 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 44 - A Fallen Angel In The Dark New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#196
A Fallen Angel In The Dark

'Things are getting complicated,' Joshua thought with a frown as he read through the report he was given. Absently, he would occasionally look around to the other magicians sitting around the table. Everyone currently working on the youkai's defenses had been called and given a file on recent events. It spoke of the attack to Joshua's house by the initial Khaos Brigade group. Not in great detail though, it didn't even really say who had been attacked, only a vague idea of what had happened.

Then, it went on to say that several other magicians had started to receive "visits" by Khaos Brigade. Evidently, the intruders Joshua had picked up hadn't been the last. What was worse, they were getting better at infiltrating the defenses, from what he was reading. After all, the last attack had been rather serious.

Mainly because it was an attack instead of someone just checking on their wards and such. The magician, from the House of Water association, hadn't been heard of after the attack. That was serious, and thus guaranteed the reaction it had gotten.

Now it wasn't a matter of defending only the youkai anymore. They had to defend themselves. Admittedly, that was something they all knew, but since one of their own had been taken out already, it became even more concerning. 'Especially,' Joshua thought to himself. 'Because it seems that the magicians are getting scared.' Two of them had already left after the threat had become known, actually.

Several magicians around him looked pale and their hands trembled as they considered the information in the files. Some looked ready to bolt as soon as they'd started reading, honestly. Those, Joshua guessed, were the ones that had already been "approached" as it were.

It didn't help that they apparently had moved from having to deal with one Longinus Sacred Gear to another. Annihilation Maker had come to tell them that no, things hadn't gotten easier after Georg was dealt with, apparently. It'd started almost as nothing, with a common creature that had done practically nothing.

From there, whoever was the holder had started getting better. The creations were now able to pass through most wards, go unnoticed by detection, shrug off spells and so on. And with their capabilities, so grew the danger of whoever it was that they were sent to hunt down.

Dimension Lost had already been a major pain to deal with, but this was equally as bad, in Joshua's opinion. While one could shrug off any and all barriers with their power over reality itself, this new threat could adapt their way through any kind of wall they put in front of it. It was a different but still very annoying adversary, that was for sure.

'These things might adapt against illusions,' Joshua considered, already going over his defense ideas. 'The Switch defense should hold… I might have to add a few things to it, just in case, but in theory, that shouldn't be affected by this,' He mused, pulling out a card from which he took a notebook and something to take notes with.

He liked to write down whatever came to mind, just in case he forgot something if he left it for later. He dutifully ignored the looks he was given by the other magicians. Nobody was saying anything, so he could just go over the new information and work. He wouldn't be leaving, that was for sure.

He'd also note down anyone that left, just in case.

"Joshua Davis?" Someone called, and since it wasn't Yasaka, he didn't look up.

"Yeah?" He called distractedly as he continued writing in his notebook. Maybe there was a way he could make illusions work slightly differently every time? Maybe he could apply that concept to all his spells? That way nothing could just adapt to it. Actually, that would stop anyone from getting a read on his spells at all.

It was a nice idea, but it sounded like a nightmare to work out. It would also probably need a ton more power, which would mean starting off even weaker and working the way up a lot slower. That was a pretty big downside if one wanted quick results. For permanent defenses though, that would be pretty neat.

'Ok, I'm definitely seeing if that's possible,' Joshua nodded to himself as he noted that down.

"Your presence is required," The person from before said and Joshua sighed.

"Can it wait? I'm kind of in the middle of something here," He asked, still not looking up. He had a few approaches to this new idea that he definitely wanted to note down before they vanished from his head. It would probably need a lot of trial and error, but if he could get it to work.

"Yasaka sounded like it was pretty urgent," The person insisted and Joshua sighed again, cracking his neck and pushing the notebook and pencil back into the card. Looking up, he found a man with black and blond hair. "I'm sorry for interrupting," He apologized, although it didn't look very sincere considering the amused tone and the grin on his face.

"Let's get this over with. I had an idea to improve the defenses here and I want to work on that quickly," He grumbled as he started walking. "Are you new here? I don't think I've seen you around," Joshua asked then, looking around at the other youkai servants, who were looking a little pale, for some reason. Same with some of the other magicians.

"You could say that," The man replied with a chuckle before extending a hand and introducing himself. "I'm Azazel, nice to meet you."

'Azazel,' Joshua picked up, frowning. 'As in…' Then his eyes widened.

"Oh."

"That's one way to react to that, I guess," The Fallen Angel Governor commented, clearly amused by the whole thing.

Joshua, meanwhile, frowned heavily. Mainly because he was feeling a headache coming again, stronger than other times. Actually, kind of like what had happened with Sairaorg, Rias, Sona-

[Mind Resistance has gone up a level.]

'What in the…?' He shook his head. 'It's probably nothing,' He dismissed, shaking his head and making the screen disappear.

'And thus, my life keeps getting weirder and weirder, it seems,' Joshua lamented as he followed yet another faction leader he'd somehow managed to meet.

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

Of all ways she expected Joshua to react to Azazel approaching him personally, annoyance wasn't what she'd thought of. Then again, the man wasn't one to react normally to things, she'd learned. At least it was a nice change of pace, if nothing else. Serafall might have just gotten a rather good ally accidentally.

And Yasaka herself, she supposed. After all, after years upon years of being alive, most faction leaders were rather tired of people being afraid or groveling or such similar reactions. Most would take Joshua's… approach as a breath of fresh air. She knew she had, at least.

"So, why was I, in particular, called here? If you don't mind me asking," Joshua asked and Yasaka was surprised by the annoyance bleeding into his tone too. He was usually a much calmer person, so, something must have happened.

"I get it, you want to go back to your thing. I'm much the same with my own projects," Azazel commented with a chuckle. So, was this what happened when one interrupted Joshua's wardcrafting? Or was it more of a specific case? "So, as a fellow tinkerer, I'll go straight to the point. I was told your wards picked up on information regarding the Sacred Gear construct of Annihilation Maker."

"They did," Joshua replied flatly. "There are several wards that pick up Sacred Gear information."

"There are several that pick up Sacred Gears period," Azazel corrected, making the human frown. "But there are next to none that pick up on the stuff that I was told yours did. I'd like to have access to the information."

"Not the wards themselves?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow.

"If you'd give them to me," The Fallen Angel replied instantly, but it was obvious to Yasaka that he didn't believe Joshua would. She also knew that the man was perceptive enough to pick that up. "But the information would be enough for me."

"I can give you that, yes," Joshua said slowly with a nod. "Can I ask why you need that?"

"You can," Azazel answered with a grin. "Much like you seem rather fond of wards and spells, I like Sacred Gears. Every bit of information would be appreciated."

Yasaka almost wanted to smack the man. The Governor had said he could help them protect themselves against Annihilation Maker with more information. Certainly not that it was just for his own research.

"So… this is not to help with the current issue?" Joshua asked.

"I'll assign people to help defend this place until this issue is resolved. Also, there's a chance that new information might help us deal with it," Azazel explained, which didn't really make the situation much better. "Of course, I can add a part for you, that's just for Yasaka since she told me about you and offered to "mediate" between the two of us."

There was silence afterwards as Joshua stared at the Fallen Angel Governor. Considering what to ask for, she supposed. She'd certainly heard nightmare tales from Serafall about trying to get a good price from the man. She couldn't understand why though. Joshua didn't strike her as the type of person to ask for much at all. Then again, maybe she still had to see that part of him?

"How good of a help are we talking about here?" Joshua asked then, narrowing his eyes. "For the youkai, I mean."

There was another pause then, as Azazel blinked.

"Oho?" The Fallen considered, a grin widening on his face that made Yasaka feel more than a little concerned for Joshua. "I can have another Longinus guarding this area if your information is good enough, adding on top-"

"And if I give you the wards?"

Was… Was Joshua for real? Even Azazel's eyes widened and Yasaka could confidently say that she'd never seen the Fallen look surprised like that. Then his eyes narrowed, before he started looking between her and Joshua. Surely he wasn't thinking-

"If you give me the wards, I'll stay here myself to help," Azazel said then, and Yasaka wasn't sure how good that would be. On one hand, that'd be a great help and a lot of reassurance that things would go well. On the other, it'd meant putting up with Azazel through that time.

"How's that sound?" Joshua asked, this time turning towards Yasaka herself, his face turning to a more relaxed expression that she was more used to. "Because I sure don't know if that's a good deal or not."

Yasaka simply stared at him while Azazel barked out a laugh.

"It's a good deal, yes, but you could probably get a lot for yourself. Having a Longinus holder would be plenty of defense added here. No need to give so much for-"

"Sure, I'll take that deal," Joshua agreed then, interrupting her and giving her an amused smile, as if he'd made her lose or something. Did he realize the kind of favor he was giving her? "You said you were a tinker, right? You know anything about wards?"

"Last time I actually got into that was a while ago, honestly. Magic has changed quite a bit since then," Azazel explained, considering the question seriously, which was something Yasaka knew didn't happen often. "Not sure how much I could help you with that."

"That's actually good," Joshua replied with a nod and she could see the gears turning inside his head. "I might not get to use those wards, but the knowledge of how things were done before could come in handy, I think."

"Then I can help you tinker, my new friend. As long as we start talking about that information soon."

"Sure. Say, I could use some help making some more Sacred Gear oriented wards, really," Joshua offered and the gleam in Azazel's eyes was one that Yasaka didn't like, at all.

"Oh, I think I'll like you, Joshua Davis."

'What have I done?' Yasaka couldn't help but ask herself.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"This is… amazing," Azazel mumbled as he read through the report Joshua had written for him with all the little pieces of data he'd gathered through his modified wards. Most of them regarded Jeanne, since she was the one that had been scanned by the spells the most. However, there were also bits and pieces from Sairaorg's peerage, some even from Sona and Rias. Although, Joshua hadn't written where those had come from, just the general information. Khaos Brigade hadn't been under his wards for too long, but they'd also been there after he'd had time to work on his wards a lot, so there was a decent amount of information about theirs too.

Azazel seemed especially pleased with those and Jeanne's. The Fallen Angel Governor seemed interested in knowing how being a Hero Descendant influenced Sacred Gears. It was an interesting thing to research, Joshua would admit. Did that combination usually mess with wards? He wouldn't know. He'd built his circles around Jeanne, so he might have unknowingly both shot himself in the foot and pushed himself past a hard problem just by sheer ignorance. It was a funny thought, if nothing else.

"He's weird," Kunou mumbled next to him.

"Be nice, Kunou," Yasaka chastised. "He's a faction leader."

"He is weird though, you are not wrong," Joshua agreed with a nod, resolutely ignoring the youkai leader's disapproving gaze and focusing on the little girl's giggle. "Speaking of weird though," He added then, turning to the illusion that was floating over Kunou's card, then he turned towards the girl.

"I'm trying, ok?" She mumbled, drawing into herself.

"Maybe focus on what you are doing instead of criticizing others?" Joshua asked with a raised eyebrow.

"He's distracting though," She added, not looking at him.

"Think of it as extra training. Not always will you have a quiet place to cast magic in," He explained patiently. "Hm, how about we change cards? Or maybe take a little break and come back to it later?"

"Can I try for a bit longer? I'll pick up another card," Kunou asked hesitantly, bringing up the small deck of cards he'd made specifically for her. Many of them they had worked on together, mostly with Joshua explaining what each part he drew did and usually having her be the one to suggest what the illusion would actually do. Kunou liked using those a lot more, he'd noticed.

"Sure you can," He nodded. "If you are struggling too much, just take a break, ok?"

"Ok," She mumbled, frowning at the card in her hands.

"I don't know how you do it," Yasaka commented with a smile. "My daughter has never been this hardworking in any of her classes, even the ones she liked." At that, said little girl let out a sound that very much belied her wish to protest those accusations. Instead though, she glared even harder at the card.

"Maybe she's just got that magician spirit in her," Joshua commented with a grin. "I could certainly use someone to talk spells with. Jeanne indulges me, but I know everything I say flies over her head."

"Is that so?" Yasaka asked with a tilt of her head. "So it was for your own benefit that you are teaching Kunou."

"Oh no, I've been found out," He said flatly, getting a suppressed snort from the girl sitting between them.

"What are these marked parts here?" Azazel asked, his eyes still glued to the pages in front of him.

"Hm, oh, those," Joshua mumbled as he turned and took a look. "Those are readings I've taken from Jeanne. I'm not very sure, but those are from one specific sword that she can make that's much stronger than her average. I can't confirm anything, but my guess is that those are the readings of the "desire" part of the Sacred Gear mechanism."

"Truly? Can you tell me more about that?" Azazel asked this time, a new intensity growing in his gaze as he read and re-read those parts.

"She named it Healing Gratitude," Joshua explained. "It's, as you can guess, a sword that heals those it touches. It's blunted, but much more resistant than most of her swords when it comes to taking damage. The effect is also a lot stronger than it should be. As for how it came to be… I can't tell you much more than you can guess, sorry."

"I see," The Fallen Angel mumbled, a slight grin forming in his face. "I see," He repeated, for the first time stopping reading and placing the book down on the table. "You'll make more Sacred Gear oriented wards, won't you?" The man asked Joshua, sounding more like he was stating a fact than voicing a question, really.

"I will, yeah," He replied easily. He was going to add a "probably" there, but the chances were almost completely in favor of the idea. There were never enough approaches to ward targeting, really. Joshua was intent on covering as many of his bases as he could manage, even if there were an infinite number of them when it came to wards.

"Oh, I'll have to find a way to pay you more for them when the time comes," Azazel said, grinning from ear to ear. "My people have developed some very good spells to pick up information, but this is an approach that we've never stumbled across, or at least never managed to make work. I'm very interested in hiring you to place the wards too, if you don't want to outright give them to me- us." The man corrected.

"Honestly? I'm already struggling to find stuff for others to pay me with. If you think you can find something, be my guest," Joshua replied with a helpless smile and a shrug.

"Ha! I'll just take that as a challenge," Azazel chuckled.

"Also, please always send word in advance if you'll come around for a visit at my place and leave me out of political trouble if you can. I hate it," Joshua added quickly once it occurred to him that he could.

"Huh, you get more and more odd the more I learn of you, Joshua Davis, truly," The Fallen Angel commented, like he was the strange one in this whole situation.

"You have no idea, Azazel."

"Wha- Yasaka?" Joshua exclaimed. "What do you-?"

"Jo-tan~" A voice exclaimed, entering the room. "Oh, looks like someone's popular these days," Serafall added, looking at the table they were sitting at and he could only give her a shrug. Maybe it was a good thing that Yasaka had provided them with a separate room.

Joshua was also grateful for that, since he didn't know how he would take it if it became known that he was apparently helping the Fallen Angel Governor with Sacred Gear research. Then again, teaching Kunou might have already put him in some people's sights… 'I have the feeling I'm never gonna enjoy a quiet life again… It was good while it lasted, I guess,' He lamented.

At least he didn't have to worry about boring days anymore, he supposed.

"Yasaka, Jo-tan is ignoring me," The Satan grumbled, pouting at the youkai leader. The woman in question, however, simply raised an eyebrow at her.

"He has a lot in his mind. I wouldn't take it personally," Yasaka reassured. Meanwhile, Joshua closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath in. Then he sighed, deflating and pushing his notes away.

"Well, time for me to take a break from work, it seems," He muttered, giving a side-eyed look at Kunou's progress. She was doing a little better now that she wasn't letting herself get distracted… too much. "You are doing well," He commented, giving the girl a small smile that he hoped didn't look as tired as he felt.

"Thanks," The girl mumbled, suddenly smiling.

"Yasaka, Ku-tan is being adorable again!" Serafall whined then, earning herself Joshua's attention once more.

"I know, right?" Was the youkai leader's response, clearly pleased with her daughter's adorableness. "Finally back from your little world, Joshua? I swear, it's like it gets easier and easier for you to get lost in your thoughts."

"It's something that's always happened. Get used to it," He replied with a shrug. "So, considering that… uh, greeting, I'm guessing you came for me, Serafall?"

"... Still won't call me Levia-tan, will you?" She all but hissed, narrowing her eyes at him. Joshua, for his part, gave her an amused smile. If she could call most people whatever she wanted, he could do so too… Also because he was pretty sure he could get away with it, which was all kinds of surprising, really. "Meanie."

"Thank you," He said, his grin widening.

"Huh, you separated the Longinus's information, that's good," Azazel mumbled next to him and Joshua looked over, wondering if that's what he looked like when working with spells. "Nothing stood out in that?"

"Seemed to be normal readings, really. Just… stronger than usual. But nothing special about the whole thing, which surprised me," Joshua answered, considering that for a moment. "I expected more, honestly."

"Same," Azazel nodded, narrowing his eyes at the pages. "Say, how would you like to get a read on a Longinus's Balance Breaker?" He asked out of nowhere, grinning widely when Joshua's eyes all but popped out.

"Are you talking about the Longinus you said you'd bring?"

"Indeed," The Governor confirmed. "My people are gonna be researching the wards you gave us for a while, just to be able to read the information they get. I honestly can't wait to get that data though, so-"

"Tell me more about this, I want to get that data too," Joshua interrupted, matching the man's eager smile with one of his own. "Balance Breaker…"

The things he could do with that information, let alone from a Longinus. What if he could make a ward to block that specific function of a Sacred Gear? What if he could get it to work for people that hadn't unlocked it? And that wasn't even considering all the other information he could get from the Gear itself. Longinus were few, but all Sacred Gears had things in common between them, especially if the effects were somewhat similar. A Longinus could go a long way into filling some holes in the information he'd gathered so far.

"Joshua!" Kunou called, snapping him out of his thoughts.

"Yeah, sorry, did I miss something?" He asked, blinking and focusing back in the present.

"Serafall wanted to talk to you," The girl told him, pointing at the woman, who was giving him her best pout. That was saying something, considering how much she seemed to do that with him.

"What can I do for you, Serafall?" He asked, hoping he hadn't insulted the woman… too much. Regardless, he thought it wasn't really his fault. This was supposed to be his work time and he was fully intent on doing just that. What was it with people not wanting to let him spellcraft?

"I can't come just to visit?"

"No," Yasaka replied flatly.

"Ha! That's a good one," Azazel barked out with a chuckle.

"What they said," Joshua added with a shrug.

"Meanies, the lot of you," Serafall grumbled as she sat down in front of them, crossing her arms and turning her head to the side. "I just wanted to let you know that I'm working on your payment, Jo-tan," She added after a slightly awkward moment of silence. Although, it seemed like he was the only one that felt that way. "I'll get those soon… ish. They are a stubborn bunch."

Joshua noticed that she never said what it was she was getting him or even who it was from. It was a rather blatant "hiding" but neither of the other faction leaders seemed to care. So, he went with his usual strategy, rolling with it.

"That's nice to hear, thank you," Joshua replied with a smile. That was reassuring. The sooner he could get those Phoenix Tears, the sooner he'd be able to worry a little less.

"With that out of the way, I got work to do," The woman said then, sounding positively miserable. "Ya-tan-"

"Yasaka," The youkai leader corrected, sounding as unimpressed as someone could be.

"Meanie," Serafall said once more, deflating where she sat.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Welp, Joshua's found someone with the same tinkering tendencies as him, Azazel. It seems they get along so far, which is fun. Also, stuff is happening and Khaos Brigade is a pain in the ass as they normally are.

Business as usual, really.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you usually have for breakfast? I mostly have only tea. Sometimes I'll eat something too, but it's not very often.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, Dragonace111, VividLearner744 and 346 others
Adrian King
Jul 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 45 - Out Of My League New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#199
Out Of My League

"Joshua Davis," A voice called and he could only sigh as he looked up. It was a magician, that much he knew. He remembered him from somewhere, although he couldn't quite place his face. Joshua was fairly sure that he was from Golden Dawn… maybe. The rest of the other gathered magic users were watching keenly from the sidelines too, which was interesting.

Also interesting was the fact that over the last week, several more magicians had left due to the threat of Khaos Brigade hanging over their heads. Which was fair, really, since many had escaped by the skin of their teeth. It seemed that Annihilation Maker's user was getting better faster than the magicians could improve their defenses. Which was weird, since Joshua thought that the last attempt that had been made on him had been kind of easy.

"Yeah? Need any help…?" He started asking, trailing off as he failed to remember the guy's name.

"Alastor Doyle," The man supplied, looking very annoyed for some reason. 'Oh, isn't he the one from the first day?' "I'm here on behalf of Golden Dawn."

"Ah, I remember that," Joshua nodded. "What can I do for you?"

"We've noticed that you hold up to these latest… attacks, rather well," The man explained, sounding like he had to force the words out of his mouth. Regardless, Joshua listened. It wasn't like he could afford to just ignore a magician association. "We were curious as to how you manage to do that."

"Ah, um, I'm a warder. I think you should know that. Everyone was given the files about what we are working on around here?" Joshua asked, confused. He'd been given information about the defenses that every magician was working on to check them out and he'd given a report of his own to be given to everyone else. He hadn't gotten much in the shape of feedback, but he supposed that was because the others saw him more as competition than he did them.

"We do know that. However, the attacks get more and more difficult to stop as time passes and the Annihilation Maker creations adapt," Alastor told him, making Joshua close his notebook for the moment, to give the man his whole attention. "We are curious as to how you managed to keep them away from you thus far. Of course, we are prepared to pay for the information," The man added, as if it were a given. "I've gotten permission to offer a place within our organization too."

"Hm, that's nice," Joshua replied blandly.

Being honest, he cared little for joining an association. He'd heard good things about them though. They were supposed to have massive libraries full of magic books and whatever else their members could possibly need. That part was more than enticing. However, members didn't have access to everything. They needed to raise up the ranks and what not to do so, which was less than ideal. They also could be called at any moment to do jobs like this one in the name of the association.

Joshua already didn't feel like doing most of the jobs that had been thrown his way. The last thing he wanted was to have someone force more jobs on him, honestly. Having the backing of more magicians would be nice, but he thought he'd been doing rather well for himself. Besides, with the devils, the youkai and possibly the fallen angels… he thought he had a nice enough backing too.

"I just… modify my wards to cover for the holes they might try to take advantage of," He added after a little pause with a shrug. Really, there was no great secret to his defenses. They were wards that he changed according to the attacks. It felt like a battle of adaptability between Annihilation Maker and himself.

"Are you saying that you adapt your own wards to the attempts that they make on us and yourself," Alastor muttered, eyeing him like he was the weirdest thing he'd ever seen. The other magicians had also started muttering.

"Yeah. It'd be fun if it weren't for, you know, the life or death situation. I rather enjoy spell modification," Joshua said with a half-smile as he absently tapped on the notebook under his hand. "Isn't it?... Actually, what's your favorite part of magic?" He asked after a moment, realizing that other people might have different preferences.

"I'm… more interested in the politics of being a magician myself," Alastar answered slowly, still looking at him strangely.

"Can't say that I understand that. I hate politics," Joshua groaned. "So, yeah. Dunno what you want me to say, man. Maybe I can help you guys set extra defenses? I'd like to know how you are adapting your own, honestly."

"Maybe," Alastor muttered. "For the time being, I'll have to consult with my superiors."

"That's fine," Joshua agreed with a nod. "Really, that's why I don't like the idea of joining an association. No offense, they sound nice and all, but I like to, you know, do what I want when I want. Resources are more limited like this, especially regarding knowledge, but I like the freedom."

"I see," The magician replied vaguely. "Well, have a nice day."

"Have a nice day yourself," Joshua waved as the man nodded and retreated. "Ah, you got that, right, guys?" He asked, looking at the other magicians. "If you want to trade ideas and such? Just ask."

"Hmph, already getting more students?" A new voice asked, making a few of the other magicians tense up. Turning, Joshua could only chuckle lightly at the puffed cheeks of Kunou.

"Just offering some advice to get some back myself. No need to get jealous, Kunou," He said, chuckling to himself as he waved at the space next to him.

"Idiot," She grumbled, but took the seat even as she avoided looking at him. "I'm not jealous."

"Sure you aren't. Just remember, you are my only student," He reassured, giving her a smile and placing a hand on top of her head. "Now, did you get any practice done while I was away?"

"Yeah, I got it to work… mostly, I think," The girl nodded enthusiastically, giving him a grin that he returned. Then she pulled a card from her little deck. "This one, let me show you. I think I can manage if I just…" She trailed off, glaring at the card as she concentrated.

[}-o-{]​

"That was fun," Jeanne said, smiling from ear to ear and making Joshua roll his eyes. There was no need to point that out. He'd learned pretty quickly that visiting places and basically being an overly enthusiastic tourist was Jeanne's idea of a good time.

"We know," He replied, getting an agreeing meow from Cheshire, who was walking next to him and a chirp from Margalo on his shoulder. Nagini hissed at them from where she was resting around Jeanne's neck. The serpent and his sister had really bonded well over their love of sightseeing, it seemed. "Have you been taking time off of that though?" Joshua asked.

"I have," She answered and this time it was her turn to roll her eyes, apparently. "You think I go out to sightsee all the time when you are working?"

He remained silent, staring at her as he raised an eyebrow.

"I mean, I go out a lot, but it's tiring too," She grumbled, looking away from him. "I usually stay here and relax with whoever doesn't go with you," She told him as she let herself fall on the couch in the living room. "Sometimes I call Kuisha and Cori over. But you already knew that."

Joshua gave her a wry smile at that. He did know. His wards picked up almost everything that went on inside them, after all. Most of the time he wasn't paying that much attention, but he certainly noticed if someone entered or left. It was a good thing that Jeanne had told him and also Yasaka in advance, or he suspected things would have gotten messy whenever the devils decided to drop by.

"I mean, I know you are out most of the time," He said, not feeling very comfortable with that.

"There's always at least a few youkai around and you know that too," Jeanne shot back, giving him an exasperated look. "And you gave me those Switch circles too. I'll be fine."

"I know, it's just… I worry," He sighed out, taking a seat next to her and leaning back against the couch.

"And that's your job as a brother, I get it. It's still a bit much," She said, giving him a light punch on his arm.

"Anyway, what do Kuisha and Coriana have to tell? Anything interesting going on with them?" Joshua asked, ready to change the subject. No need to worry himself more than he already was.

"Well, we talk about a lot of things, but I'm sure you don't want to know about most of them," Jeanne commented, making him grimace. Yeah, maybe that topic was a bad idea. "And they don't have much to tell in general. They just kind of train a lot, like you when you aren't being unlucky."

"I have a feeling that you are calling me boring," He commented with a flat tone.

"What? I would never," She replied, the twitch at the corner of her lips giving her away. "But if you really wanna know, Kuisha was telling me about this idea she had-"

Whatever idea the Devil had had, he would find out later, it seemed, because his phone started ringing. Pulling it out of his pocket, he read the only name that was likely to call him. With a sigh, he hit the answer button after shooting Jeanne an apologetic smile.

"Griselda," He said as a way of greeting. He wasn't even sure what he was supposed to say, really. Hello? Felt a little casual. Good afternoon? He didn't even know where she was calling from.

"Mr. Davis," She said back, immediately making him grimace. Off to a great start, it seemed.

"I've told you to call me Joshua, please," He stressed. Maybe he'd get through to her this time, he could only hope.

"... I'll keep that in mind," She replied, which wasn't a yes, sadly. "We've learned of the current situation with the youkai. We wanted to offer some assistance."

"That's neat, but I don't know why you called me instead of the youkai," Joshua told her, narrowing his eyes as he tried to make sense of that little fact.

"Because the only one that'll get that information is you," Griselda explained, taking him off guard for a moment. "We are sending information of a previous Annihilation Maker holder that worked for the Church. It's classified information, so we'll only give the information if you are the only one to get it. We'd also appreciate it if you didn't share it with anyone."

"I can do that," He agreed easily. Honestly, getting information about a Longinus sounded like a pretty nice deal, especially if it was useful at the moment and especially if the only condition was secrecy. It would be a little… weird, but he wouldn't complain. "When should I expect to receive this information?"

"A messenger should arrive tomorrow with the file and will give it directly to you," Griselda told him, making him nod, even if she couldn't see him.

"Good to know. I'm guessing you've already told the youkai about this or is this another message I need to pass on to them myself?" He asked, frowning. He wasn't fond of politics, but he guessed just telling Yasaka about that next time he saw her wouldn't be too much of a pain, fortunately.

"It'd be appreciated if you could inform the youkai about this yourself," She answered, which was a little annoying but not too much. So long as he wasn't forced to make decisions because of politics, he could put up with some of them. With some luck, this would be as much as he would have to delve on that from that moment on.

It was a bit of wishful thinking, he supposed, but he had to hold on to hope.

"I can do that too," He replied with a sigh. He didn't know what just yet, as usual, but he sure wanted a good payment for this.

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

"You," She started, looking incredulously at Joshua, who had just told her about a little something. "Got the Church to give you information about one of their previous agents? A Longinus wielder?"

"I mean, I wouldn't say I got anything," He replied blandly. "They just called to say they would give it to me and that they wanted me to tell you about it. There's a difference, I think."

Yasaka stared at Joshua for a long moment, wondering if he really wasn't aware of the play that was happening around him. Even the Church, even if not present, seemed to be well aware of the political scene that Joshua was building around him. The good relationships he had with the Devils, the ones he was building with the Youkai merely due to his interactions with Kunou, nevermind herself and the help he provided her people, and the ones he seemed to be walking towards with the Fallen.

The Church surely saw how that kind of ally and, more importantly, that bridge between Fallen and Devils, would affect them. They had to want a piece of Joshua, if only to keep him from being the thing that united their enemies. The Church had been known to react more drastically to less.

Furthermore, Joshua was a warder, which was rare, and he was one that had taken out Dimension Lost, which was basically the bane of all warders. If that hadn't put Joshua in everyone's sights, then it was because they weren't even trying to know what was going on in the world. Yasaka was sure of that as much as she was of her own name.

'Maybe I should be thankful for Kunou making this so much easier for me,' She mused. Yasaka almost felt bad about how easy it had been to make Joshua an ally thanks to her daughter.

"Yasaka, everything alright?" Joshua called her, making her blink and focus back on him. "I'm the one that's supposed to space out, you know? You can't just steal my schtick."

"I apologize," Yasaka replied, smiling at him, which he easily returned with an amused look. "Regardless, I thank you for this. The Church might not even have decided to do this if not for you." They most certainly wouldn't have, but she knew Joshua wouldn't believe it. She'd have to look for a way to pay him back for that though.

Actually…

"Seriously, don't mention it. I'm sure I had nothing to do with that."

"Hm, well, Kunou was going on about having some questions for you regarding the illusion circles," Yasaka decided to say, appearing to want to change the subject. "Maybe you'll be able to answer them over dinner at our place?" She asked then.

"Circles? I thought Kunou didn't want to build her own circles, just cast. Yeah, I can do that, no problem. Can Jeanne come too?" The man replied, and Yasaka saw how his mind drifted off to circles and magic, just like she'd wanted. The man completely missed the fact that she'd invited him to dinner at her and Kunou's home. Maybe it wasn't much of a payment, but it would certainly count as a thanks to Kunou, at least. One at a time would be good enough, Yasaka supposed.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

This could actually be great, she thought excitedly. Her mother had asked Joshua home. She had done it, and not Kunou. The girl had certainly not expected that to happen, she could admit that. The fact that her mother had invited the man for dinner was even more of a surprise.

Then Kunou narrowed her eyes as something occurred to her.

"Man, wish I could cook this well," Joshua commented, looking down at the food in front of him.

"I mean, you are pretty good yourself," Jeanne added on top of that, before looking at her own meal. "But yes, this is great. Thank you for inviting us, Yasaka."

"It was no problem, I assure you. This is the least I could do, really. Joshua has been going above and beyond with his work," Her mother replied easily with a smile. Kunou knew better though. Never had her mother invited someone for dinner unless she absolutely had to. She liked saying that she prefers eating with just Kunou.

'Maybe…' Kunou thought, her eyes darting from Joshua to her mother.

"Well, I'll make sure to let them know you enjoyed the food," Her mother said. "It seems your familiars did too," She added, looking to the side, where the strange group of animals was gathered enjoying meals of their own. Margalo, as the attention turned to them, chirped something and flew until she landed on Kunou's shoulder and nuzzled her cheek. The bird was the girl's favorite for a reason, after all.

"Thanks for letting me bring them here too," Joshua added, looking at Kunou with a smile that made the girl want to return the gesture. Which she ended up doing, if shyly. "I know some of them can be a bit…"

"Uncomfortable to be around?" Her mother finished with a tilt of his head. "For others maybe, but youkai are much closer to nature than most races, especially animals. Your familiars are actually rather nice to have around. Anyone that can feel Life Energy can sense your bond and it's a rather pleasant feeling. Nevermind how friendly they seem to be."

That was true. Kunou guessed that was one reason that she'd taken to Joshua so fast. Those bonds practically screamed that he was nice and she had always been taught to trust what life energy said. It never lied, especially about such things.

"Huh, I hadn't noticed that," Joshua mused out loud as Cheshire made her way up to him and sat next to him. He then placed a hand over her head, not unlike he would Kunou sometimes, which almost made her pout. "Maybe it's because I'm part of the bond?"

"That might have caused you to overlook it, but you should be able to feel it regardless," Her mother explained, and Kunou contented herself with absently petting Margalo while just watching. This could actually, really be great.

"Hm, I'll have to keep that in mind next time I practice," Joshua commented with a nod. Kunou would have preferred for the topic to be a little lighter than what seemed to be awfully close to training, and from the look on her face, Jeanne agreed. Joshua wasn't the most sociable person though, funnily enough. Kunou supposed it was what it was.

"I'm curious though," Her mother started then, sounding like she was about to change subjects a little. "How did you meet them?" She asked, and Kunou perked up. Both because that sounded like a story she should already know but didn't and also because it seemed like an actually rather nice conversation topic.

"Well, the first one was Cheshire," Joshua started, smiling down at the cat sitting next to him. "I was just minding my own business, walking back to the place I was staying at and I found her there, wounded on the street while everyone else ignored her. I just… couldn't leave her there though, so I brought her with me and treated her wounds as best I could."

"So, picking up strays from the very beginning, huh?" Jeanne asked from the side, a soft smile on her face that contradicted the joking words.

"I have a weak spot for strays, I guess," Joshua nodded with a half-smile. "After that came both Morag and Nagini. That was a… rough night, I guess is a way to put it," He continued, his smile growing tense while the mentioned familiars made their ways to him either slithering or jumping.

"Why though?" Kunou asked curiously.

"Because a magician hunter came after me," Joshua answered bluntly, making her blink before the implication sunk in and she paled. "He had Morag and Nagini, who I took in after I got away from him."

"Does this person have a name?" Her mother asked, eyes slightly narrowed.

"Yes, but I just call him Hunter," Joshua replied, adding a sly smile. "He's been dealt with, don't worry."

Meaning that he was dead. Was he trying to water down the story for Kunou? That was an annoying… and slightly nice gesture, she supposed. She'd still prefer he didn't though, but she'd hold back the pout she wanted to express. That'd just be childish.

"Then came Jeanne, who Cheshire found on the streets after she ran away from home," Joshua continued, giving the aforementioned teenager a smile that she returned. Kunou found that surprising. She knew they weren't actual siblings, but she'd just thought they were cousins that lived together, maybe old friends or something like that. "There was a long while between that and Margalo, who Cheshire picked up since her parents… weren't around anymore."

"Now that I think about it, Cheshire was there for all of us, wasn't she?" Jeanne commented, making the man chuckle.

"Maybe she's the one that has a thing for strays. She was always the one to urge me to help you out," Joshua pointed out, picking up the feline and placing her on his lap.

"Somehow, I doubt you needed much convincing," Yasaka joked, which made Joshua laugh again.

"Yeah, I guess that was in me anyway, but she certainly was very bosy about it," Joshua replied with a shake of his head.

"Any plans for new strays to be added?" Her mother asked then.

"Not for now, I don't think. I did have a deal that was supposed to help add another familiar, but that fell through with Margalo's arrival. It was for the better. I don't think it'd have been the same," The man explained. "And now I have my hands full with a rather stubborn student of mine."

"Idiot," Kunou grumbled instantly. "I told you not to offer help to those other magicians," She added with a grin, making him snort.

"That's not nice, Kunou," Her mother said though, but Kunou for once didn't apologize. Simply smiling innocently.

"I mean, they do ask some idiotic questions sometimes," Joshua agreed, getting a narrow-eyed glare from Yasaka. "Seriously, they deserve to be called out on it. Those are obviously to mock me, with how easy they are," He continued with a roll of his eyes. "But yes, I suppose that's not very politically correct of me to say, is it?" He added with a grimace.

"Indeed, it's not," Yasaka answered, although she had a strange look on her face that Kunou couldn't quite place. "But I guess it's not too bad to say, in private," She said, adding the last part directed very obviously mostly at Kunou, who pouted at her.

"Guess I'll have to keep an eye on her too. We don't want Kunou to become mean, do we?" Joshua agreed with a solemn nod.

"What, me? But you-" The little girl protested, sputtering indignantly before being interrupted.

"Yes, we can't have that," Jeanne nodded along.

"I'm glad you two agree," Her mother said, getting a betrayed look from Kunou herself. "Truly, educating children is a struggle," She said, and the girl almost missed the joking undertone in her voice.

Having done so didn't stop her from pouting though.

"Ok, none of that," Joshua said, grinning at her. "Yasaka said something about you wanting to know about circles?" He asked, making the gears in Kunou's head shift.

"Yes!" She announced. "I want to know more about that. Maybe we can make circles together after I learn. Then we can work on those projects-"

"Projects?" Jeanne said, suddenly looking dismayed for some reason. "Oh no, what have you done, Joshua?"

"Don't know what you mean," The man replied, looking entirely too proud as he turned towards Kunou, which made her beam at him. "And yeah, sure we can do that. Now, as for the circles thing-"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

So, I had to write that entire last scene last minute the day before posting back then when I was editing. Ended up cutting off 1.5k words and having to replace them. So, if you think it's not up to the usual quality or something, feel free to point it out.

Also, apparently, I was feeling in a "different povs" mood. With some luck, you guys will enjoy that.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you have a favorite of Joshua's strays? (I might have asked that already, but who cares, right?)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 336 others
Adrian King
Jul 8, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 46 - Better Do What You Can (Plus Character Sheet) New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#203
Better Do What You Can

"Joshua?" Kunou asked hesitantly from next to him. "Are you sure about this?"

"Yeah, I've been doing this for ages, why wouldn't I be?" He asked with a raised eyebrow before turning back ahead. In front of him extended a not so small training area. The place was actually pretty close to where he'd been going to work so far and where Kunou and Yasaka lived. He supposed that made sense, really, considering this was where their guards were supposed to get training.

Besides that, there was an assortment of youkai standing in line, which Joshua was pretty sure was major overkill, really. He'd just asked for a few people to train combat with, since it had been weeks since he'd last trained physically. Even his Neutral Magic wasn't seen much action. He trained mostly with wards as of late, for obvious reasons.

Yasaka, apparently, had decided to massively go over what he expected and arrange a whole event of this or something. She was sitting off to the side with Azazel and even Serafall. He couldn't imagine they would be very interested, since Magic was his strong point and they had to have a good idea of where he stood on that front. He wasn't going to tell them not to watch though.

Instead, he decided to get on with it, using Appraisal on the guards that had offered/been asked, or so he supposed. Evidently, Yasaka had already screened them or had someone do so, because most of them had at most a single stat that broke into the B rank. Most even had stats in D rank, although it was usually Magic, which as youkai made sense.

He took another look at his own screen, to compare.

[Joshua Davis

Title: Ward Specialist

Race: Human

Gender: Male

Rank: C

Strength: C

Speed: C

Dexterity: C

Vitality: C

Perception: C-

Magic: B-]

'Ok, so maybe I did it to check on that sweet sweet B rank,' Joshua thought to himself. He couldn't help it, he was so very proud of that stat. Evidently, level 75 was where one broke through to B-, it seemed. That was good to know. He'd have to keep an eye on that in the future, for reference.

'Anyway,' He told himself, refocusing before he started just wasting everyone's time. There was a time and place to get lost in his own thoughts and this wasn't either. 'My stats are very balanced on the physical side, so I need someone like that…'

With that in mind, he quickly found the best candidate. It was one of the crow people. Karasu-Tengu, he was pretty sure they were called. The man had mostly the same stats as Joshua himself did, there were some minuses and pluses in his C ranks and Magic was D+, but overall, it was a nice match up, he supposed.

"I'd appreciate it if you'd spar with me," He said, speaking in Japanese. He'd gotten better at that since they moved to Kyoto, but he supposed that was no surprise, really.

[Japanese - Lvl 23/50]

"I hope I can give you a good fight," The man replied, apparently having zero problems with this, despite the fact that it was clearly out of his job description. That was nice of him, but then again, most youkai had been nothing but friendly and helpful since they arrived. 'Maybe it's just a Japanese thing?' Joshua mused.

"So, I don't know if there's like, a spar etiquette over here but my sister and I usually just throw a knife up in the air and start when it lands," Joshua said slightly hesitant as he saw the rest of the guards move aside but staying inside the training area, looking at the two of them. Well, he'd never really fought with an audience, but he could just act like they weren't there, he supposed.

Not like it could get worse than three faction leaders watching.

"That works for me, Joshua-sama," The youkai replied, making him grimace. He'd have to remember to tell them not to call him that. For the moment though…

"Ok then," He nodded to himself, pulling a third dagger from a storage spell and throwing it in the air. The Karasu-Tengu took his stance, spear in hand. Joshua did the same from the other side, somewhat excited. A slight grin spread on his lips. 'Sairaorg's attitude might have rubbed off on me a little.'

And the knife fell.

A second later, the two clashed, their weapons blocking one another. Joshua had to give the Karasu-Tengu – Joshua realized absently that he hadn't actually asked for his name and he hadn't looked at it on the screen either. – credit, he was very good with his weapon. A second after the clash, when Joshua went to strike with his second dagger while the spear was blocking the first, the Karasu-Tengu was forced to block his second knife with the shaft of his spear.

'I'd missed this,' Joshua thought as his opponent and him continued trading blows. 'I'd missed this a lot more than I thought I would,' He added, his grin widening before his eyes narrowed ever so slightly. The spar was fun, but it was also supposed to be training.

"Don't hold back," He urged the Karasu-Tengu with a hiss as the fight continued. "This is for actual training, I need you to push me."

"Understood," The man growled.

'That's more like it,' Joshua thought as the next hit almost knocked the dagger out of his hand. That was what he wanted. He wanted to improve. Raise his levels, his stats. He wouldn't always be able to hide inside his defenses, as much as he'd like to. Maybe he'd never be a powerhouse of direct combat, but anything he could have was a plus.

That also depended on him though. No matter how good his sparring partner was and how much he was pushed. He also needed to push back. He needed to push for improvement.

[Perception has gone up a level.]

'More, I need more,' Joshua thought to himself. 'A whole lot more.'

[}-o-{]​

[Azazel]

"He chose someone that's roughly around his level, slightly better, I'd say," He commented, eyeing Joshua as he continued sparring. That had been an interesting conversation, the one he'd overheard when the man had asked for a spar, basically.

It wasn't everyday that one met a magician that was willing to fight up close. Even less so when it was one that wasn't even combat oriented at all, like a warder was. Azazel was coming to know that Joshua Davis was far from normal in any capacity though.

"I didn't feel any spell being used. Did Jo-tan use Senjutsu?" Serafall asked childishly, feigning awe as they watched the spar. It wasn't anything too impressive though, to them at least. Then again, few things were, honestly. What he'd noticed, and evidently also the other two, was much more interesting though.

"That wasn't life sensing. It'd be possible, but Joshua isn't anywhere near that level yet," Yasaka replied, taking a sip from her cup of tea.

"So he could just tell? That'd be impressive in its own right. Or was it luck?" Azazel wondered as the fight continued.

"No, it didn't seem to be luck. To me, at least," Serafall commented before adding. "Jo-tan is just that good."

She was pleased and with good reason. Unless something drastic happened, Joshua was all but on her side. He was friendly enough with her and seemed to also have a good professional relationship with her sister and Rias, Sirzechs' own sibling. Furthermore, from what Azazel knew, he could be considered friends with Sairaorg Bael, which was interesting in its own right.

"It's certainly interesting," Yasaka mused, almost distractedly. Azazel could almost see the gears turning in her head. At that very moment, she was the one that held the most of Joshua's loyalty, as it were. The man would probably do almost anything if it meant helping little Kunou and anyone with eyes could tell that much. It didn't really translate into him being an asset to the youkai faction, but it was a very good grasp on someone that would probably become a power in everyone's eyes soon, if he wasn't already.

There was Shed too, Azazel knew, but he was more of a wildcard in the situation. Not something the Governor appreciated, but it was what it was. He'd just have to see how that affected things.

"Ok, I think that's enough for now," They heard Joshua say in Japanese, pausing the spar when both him and his opponent started looking more than a little tired. Then, he thanked the Karasu-Tengu and they went their separate ways.

"Awww, that's just adorable!" Serafall cooed from the side a moment later, which… wasn't unwarranted. Azazel didn't much care for it, besides the amusing implications that surrounded the action, but seeing Yasaka's daughter bring a towel and a bottle of water for Joshua was adorable, he supposed. Still, he found something else much more important, which was why he turned towards the Kyuubi and grinned from ear to ear.

"Not a word, Azazel," Yasaka said, her tone gentle but he knew the words were meant to be curt. He simply continued looking at her with a wide smile, making her eyebrow twitch.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"Kunou," Joshua started, not needing to go further than that one call. Really, he'd told the girl to relax enough time that she knew what he was getting at with just the tone of his voice. If her suffering sigh was anything to go by, that is. "You don't need to be so tense, just do as I told you. I'll be here every step of the way to make sure you don't mess up too badly."

"But Joshua," The girl muttered, evidently not wanting to complain too loudly. "This has to be good."

"Kunou," He repeated with a patient smile. "It's your first time cooking anything at all. Nobody expects restaurant quality from you. Honestly, if you make something edible, you'll already be doing better than Jeanne did."

"I heard that!" The teenanger protested from the living room, making him roll his eyes.

"Still…" Kunou mumbled, looking down at the ingredients they'd prepared.

"Ok, let's get started, if you are too tense, I'll just have to do this myself and wait for another time," Joshua threatened, getting a nod that was all too stiff from the girl. He withheld a sigh and turned to the table. "Now, look closely, I'll do a bit of every step and then you'll continue from there, ok?"

"Ok," She answered, eyes focused intently on the things in front of her. Joshua couldn't help but smile at the sight though. It had to be some kind of crime, to be that adorable.

As he demonstrated the steps for Kunou and explained little things that she might miss by just watching, his mind went over other things. Projects came to mind, as they usually did. Most of the time, they were inconsequential at the moment, things that would be saved for times when he didn't have anything better to do. Like cleaning wards and alarm sound illusions.

This time though, he held onto these ideas as he'd been doing more and more as of late. They could be used in the near future. They would be. After all, they were all about ways to keep Kunou safe and how to keep in contact in case he was needed. Even if he stayed in Kyoto and continued teaching her, he'd still be away from time to time. Especially if he planned on traveling around with Jeanne.

'A communication circle, simple enough,' He thought. He'd make it a card, since the girl seemed to like those. Maybe he could make a bunch, have his own network of cards, devil flier style. The one for Kunou was the important one though.

'Maybe I can add a few things to the card? Or make other cards too,' He mused as he stopped and looked as the girl took over the process from him. 'A panic button maybe? I have to start working on proper teleportation instead of switching. That'd be a nice addition, even if I'd probably have to talk to Yasaka about that.'

'Lots of plans, as usual,' He mused, smiling as Kunou looked at him for approval.

"Wasn't so difficult, was it?" He asked her with a chuckle. "Ready for the next step?"

"Yes," She replied simply, nodding and smiling in a way that made him want to pull her in a hug or something. Instead, he decided to continue with the class. There'd be time for such things after cooking, maybe he'd spoil her with dessert or something.

Oh, who was he kidding. He was totally going to do that.

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

She knocked insistently on the door. She knew he was inside, so why was the meanie not opening? Well, if he was going to be mean, then she could play that game too.

"Yes, yes, who is-" Joshua "greeted" as he opened the door. "Oh, it's you. Did you need anything, Serafall? I'm kind of in the middle of something."

Well, there were pros and cons to him being so casual about her presence, she supposed.

"Not even gonna invite me inside?" The Satan asked, pouting at him while he just rolled his eyes. He did open the door though, walking inside and leaving her to follow him. He probably didn't realize that could be considered an insult, but it was amusing nonetheless. Serafall wondered how other people would react to seeing that action. "And do I need a reason to want to visit?"

"Considering the record so far?" Joshua asked back and she could almost see the raised eyebrow as he guided her to the living room. The table was almost completely covered on one side by books and notes. "Take a seat wherever, do you want tea? Snacks?"

"That would be nice, thanks~" Serafall replied, happily taking a seat on an offered chair. He wasn't wrong about her always coming over with business, really. "And just to let you know, I actually came just to be a nice friend." That was really the reason for the visit. She needed a more friendly relationship with Joshua. A formal one was nice, and their attitudes to the whole thing offered a sort of closeness of its own, but it wasn't enough. Especially considering the powers that were now circling around the man.

The political approach wasn't good enough with Joshua. Actually, if it was purely that, Serafall would go as far as saying it would be detrimental. There were few things that the man seemed to care less for than politics, if he didn't absolutely have to. It was both refreshing and frustrating.

"Huh… Well, that's something, certainly," Joshua commented from the kitchen.

"What's that supposed to mean?!" Serafall called, indignant. "Oh, are you working with Communication Magic already? I thought you were going to start with Hexes," She noted, reading some of the titles of the books on the table.

"I'm working on both, you just arrived when I was with communication," Joshua replied, walking into the room with a tray of snacks. "I'll have some tea ready in a bit."

"Both?" Serafall asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Yeah. I work on both whenever I want to take a break from wards. Sometimes it's one, sometimes the other," He explained with a shrug, taking a snack after she did.

Serafall wondered if he knew how crazy that would sound to other magicians. An average magician would focus on a single branch and at most learn a few specific spells from others. Talented ones would go for a few branches that were related to each other and single spells for others. Geniuses would get a bunch of branches through their lives.

Joshua was already working on four entire branches, with wards, illusions, hexes and communication. She also knew he had a few neutral and spatial spells under his belt. All that in less than a year of knowing about the supernatural…

What did that say about him?

"So, was there anything in particular that you wanted to talk about?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow at her, noticing her silence. Shaking herself, Serafall focused on the present and not on her hosts stupidly fast progress.

"Well, it's sort of business, I guess," She admitted, deflating exaggeratedly on her chair while Joshua raised an eyebrow. "But I've talked with Ajuka," She started. "Sirzechs also had a word with him after I told him what you said. Nothing like that should happen again."

"I don't like the "should" there, but I'll take what I can," Joshua said with a sigh. "I appreciate the effort, I guess."

That wasn't as good a reaction as she'd hoped, but it was certainly better than she expected. It was good that the man was so… casual and calm about most things. Serafall couldn't begin to imagine how complicated things would have been otherwise. Then again, if he wasn't like that, the situation would have been pretty different altogether.

"How's the Phoenix Tears thing going, by the way?" Joshua asked and Serafall had to hold back a grimace. She knew he'd ask about that eventually, but she'd hoped he would do so at a later time when she had better news to give.

"The House of Phenex is… stubborn with who they give their Tears to," She replied, aware that her attempt at sounding polite failed miserably. She hadn't tried too hard, after all. She couldn't take her annoyance out on the Phenex, but she could still do petty things. It was another benefit of her little act, really. Nobody took stuff like that quite as seriously as they would otherwise.

"Is it because I'm human?" Joshua asked, being entirely too perceptive for his own good. "I've read books that came from a devil's library. Those don't paint humans in that good a light, so I connected the dots," He added, probably seeing something in her expression.

"I'm sorry. But don't worry, I'll convince them soon enough," Serafall offered. She would. She owed Joshua quite a bit, and she wouldn't let some bigotted firebirds stop her.

"There's no need," Joshua waved off, suddenly gaining a glint to his eyes that she remembered seeing in Azazel's. "Can you get some of those tears though? I don't need to own them or use them. I just need a vial or whatever."

"For what?" Serafall asked, not quite following.

"I want to take a look at the stuff with my wards, magic and life sensing. That sounds like it could be interesting data," Joshua explained, looking more excited than the Satan remembered seeing him before.

She couldn't properly appreciate that though, as the gears in her mind turned. She knew exactly what Joshua wanted that information for and Serafall had to wonder if that was even possible. Could Joshua make a ward that would have the same effect as Phoenix Tears? That was impossible, right? And still, she had to ask herself…

What if…?

"I can do that," Serafall replied, bouncing excitedly on her chair, her act very useful at that moment to hide her actual thoughts. "But that would lower how much that's worth compared to what you've done," She added with a pout, to which Joshua helplessly shrugged.

Seriously, paying Joshua was a headache each and every time, she'd realized by then. What does one give to a man that wants nothing? Joshua only seemed to want information and while Serafall knew the value of that, especially to a warder, paying everything he did with books felt lacking.

"You are really annoying to make deals with, you know?" Serafall complained, knowing that Joshua wouldn't jump to a misunderstanding. That was one of the best features of the man, everyone in the supernatural world seemed to be looking for things to be insulted about.

"Well, you could always leave me alone," Joshua commented with a wry smile, highlighting one of his few "flaws". His desire to be left alone and away from politics was a problem, yes, but mostly for the man himself. Unfortunately for him, Joshua would never be able to escape them, especially the way he was going.

"No can do, Jo-tan~," Serafall replied, shaking her head for emphasis.

"Yeah, guessed as much," Joshua muttered, standing up to go for the tea. "I was thinking about traveling around a whole lot after I'm done with this job. Jeanne loves being a tourist, it seems," He called from the kitchen, making her perk up. "Yasaka mentioned having her backing if I needed it. Would you give me yours?"

"I can do that!" She agreed, easily. "There are a few places where my backing might not be… that good, however," She admitted then, because it was better for Joshua to know immediately than to find out later. "Places under the Church's influence, for example…"

"Yeah, I get it. Good thing that I might be able to get them to let me be then," Joshua nodded with a smile as he walked back with a cup of tea for each of them. "On a different note, can I ask you something though?"

"Anything," Serafall agreed, beaming at him as she took her drink in her hands.

"What's up with the magical girl outfit?" Joshua asked. Frankly, she'd expected that question to happen a lot sooner, but that just went to show the man's ability to roll with things. Hell, he'd probably left it be if not for the more casual setting of the current meeting.

Maybe she should've done something like this sooner?

"It's my Levia-tan costume!" The Satan announced proudly. "I have a magical girl show, you know? It has me kicking baddies asses and bringing peace!"

"Huh… Somehow, that's less weird than I expected," He said, looking somewhat amused, although his expression turned strange for a split second before clearing. What was that about?

"Everything ok?"

"Yeah, it's nothing," He waved off easily.

"And what's that supposed to mean, mister?" Serafall asked, eyes narrowing.

"Nothing, nothing," Joshua replied with a grin. "So, tell me more about this show. Is there any way I could watch it? I imagine it's not on human TV, is it?"

Suddenly, Serafall realized something.

Joshua might just be the best person she'd ever had to deal with.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"Joshua-sama?" A voice called, making him deflate. More because of his work being interrupted again than the way he was being addressed. He'd given up on that quite a while ago. He guessed he'd have to be content with not being called Davis.

"Yeah?" He replied looking towards the person who'd called. "Did you get assigned exclusively to me or something, Fuyuko? I feel like it's mostly you around here."

"You've just noticed, Joshua-sama?" She asked, somehow mocking him and still being perfectly respectful. It was impressive, actually.

"What is it this time?" He asked, rolling his eyes at her.

"The young man has been trying to get your attention for a while, Joshua-sama," She told him, making the man blink and turn to his other side, where there was, indeed, a young man kneeling.

"Oh, um… Did you need something?" Joshua asked awkwardly. It wasn't the first time that someone failed to get his attention when he was working or thinking, after all. However, usually people just became impatient and called louder or something. How long had the guy been there for Fuyuko to take matters into her own hands.

"I hope I'm not interrupting anything of importance, sir. If I am, I can come back later," The man said, making Joshua tilt his head. He was so very tempted to actually tell him to go away. He'd already been interrupted though, so it was what it was. Still, Joshua was already getting the impression that he was younger than even he was.

"You kind of are, but I'm always working, so might as well get it out of the way, right?" Joshua told the man. "What's your name, by the way?"

"Elliot Francis, sir, it's a pleasure to meet you," The newly named Elliot introduced himself. He looked very stiff, almost afraid, and Joshua couldn't for the life of him figure out why that was so. Was he that tense regarding the attacks made by Annihilation Maker?

"Pleasure to meet you too, Elliot. I'm Joshua Davis, but you probably already know that," He replied with a wry smile before deciding to get to the point. "So, what can I do for you?"

"The House of Water would like to schedule a meeting with you," Elliot answered, sounding like he'd practiced that in the mirror or something. One way or another he sounded and looked quite different from the nervous young man that he'd been before.

"This is gonna become a thing, isn't it?" Joshua muttered to himself, remembering how Golden Dawn had approached him before. This seemed like a much more serious thing though.

"It seems so, Joshua-sama," Fuyuko replied unhelpfully.

"Sir?"

"First of all, don't call me sir, I'm Joshua and nothing else," He told Elliot, whose mouth immediately clicked shut. "Second… Guess we can see about this. I don't promise anything though." He added, sighing.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

And that's another chapter.

For a change, I don't feel all that nervous about this chapter.

Hope you enjoyed it.

Random Question: What's the last thing you ate/drank? I had a cup of tea like… two hours ago. Might make myself another in a bit.

See you.

PS: So, some people were asking for full stats, skills and all that. I'll drop a summarized version here. I'll be omitting the spell list to make things a little shorter too. If you guys want that, I can add it after the next chapter or something.

Spoiler: General Character Sheet
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 332 others
Adrian King
Jul 8, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 47 - Will You Remember? New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#204
Will You Remember?

Nagini rested lazily on top of his shoulders, her body wrapped around his neck, shoulders and chest. Morag was once more messing about with his hair. Margalo was having some fun flying between Jeanne and Joshua. Cheshire, for her part, was curled up on his lap.

It was a quiet day, at least in their home at Kyoto. Jeanne had decided to join his study session for once, taking one of the books that taught about the supernatural side of Japan. It'd been the one Joshua recommended for her to get started. There were a bunch more that went into more detail, but that one gave a good general idea of things.

As for the man himself, he was once more studying Hexes.

He had yet to cast one, but he was in no hurry. While grinding skills was nice and all, he wanted to have his circles actually be good if he was going to be spending time drawing and casting them. Besides, he'd have to gather good materials for that anyway.

After all, Hexes worked with a similar concept to wards. Except, instead of using exclusively wardstones, they could also use other things as foci. It wasn't even necessary for it to be magical items either. Hex magic only required something that could be connected to what the hex was about.

If the hex was supposed to be defensive, the item or items used to cast it had to be defensive in nature. A good but ultimately stupid example would be a Defensive Wardstone. A much better one would be a shield, for example. A normal shield would work, but a shield with value behind it would make the hex stronger. Not value in a conventional way, however, although that could be a good way to estimate it.

No, a hex foci's value was determined by meaning. What did the object mean to the caster? To the world? To others? A normal wooden shield wouldn't amount to much in hex terms, but a wooden shield that had been kept in the caster's family for generations would make for a much more powerful one. A sword with history behind it would help cast a stronger offensive hex than a normal one.

And so it went.

Thus, Joshua had ended up speaking with Serafall and Yasaka about that, both more than happy to help him gather resources or at least get him in contact with people that could. When he actually needed them, that is. For the moment, he was mostly making sure he had his circles right and that he was understanding how the foci were picked. Actual casting would come later.

As it was he had some ideas for things he could probably get without that much difficulty. He obviously had a bunch of wardstones, of course, but while those would work well, they were also generic. In hexes the more related to the ward the items were, the better.

Absently, he pulled a card from his pocket and twirled it between his fingers, momentarily turning his attention away from the book. The card held some of these things he was considering using. Some of such items were daggers. He still had some of the normal ones he'd gotten from the Hunter, after all. The card also held the very first Holy knife that Jeanne had made for him.

Some other items were little mementos he'd conserved of his familiars. Nagini's first shedded skin. Morag's first molted cuticle. Margalo's nest. It was actually a shame that he had nothing of Cheshire's, really. Still, he wasn't entirely certain what type of hexes he could cast with those, or even if he wanted to do it in the first place. Even if they would make for a powerful foci, he was reluctant to use those things like that.

He'd probably stick to normal things, if magical ones, to cast his hexes. At least until he'd leveled the skills enough and was certain they'd make a perfect fit for whatever he wanted to sue them for. That would work, he supposed.

Blowing out a breath and setting the card on the table, he focused back on his reading. Not before checking on his screens though, just to be sure he was remembering the boosts well.

[Hex Magic – Lvl 1/100

Determines the user's ability to utilize Hex Magic.

Increases magic potency while utilizing Hex Magic by 1%.

Increases affected area while utilizing Hex Magic by 0.5%.

Hex Spells: 3]

The buffs seemed to be the same as the Ward Magic ones, but changing which increase was bigger. That was deceiving though. It didn't mean that hexes were stronger or weaker than wards, really. It all depended on the conditions in which they were set. Were the foci better or worse? Was more or less magic used? Was the circle more or less detailed?

And so on it went.

Still, it was nice to have an idea of what he could look forward to. Besides that, there were the three spells he'd decided to focus on for the moment, the Obscuring Hex, the Exposing Hex and the Daunting Hex. Which were basically the Hex Magic equivalent of the Concealing Ward, the Detection Ward and the Deterring Ward.

Hex seemed to have more limitations on what their spells could do, Joshua had found. For example, he'd looked for an equivalent of the Monitoring Ward, but had found nothing of the sort so far. 'Then again… Maybe I'm expecting them to be more similar than they actually are. Even if they have a lot of things in common, they won't be just the same thing with a different name…' He considered with a sigh.

"I'm gonna get myself a cup of tea, you want one?" Joshua asked out loud as he stood up, the weight of the serpent coiled around him not really bothering him. It was actually more cumbersome than anything else, really.

"Yeah, I'll take one, thank you," Jeanne told him, looking up to smile at him, which he turned. A second later, he was already moving and his sister was back to studying. It was a quiet day, it seemed, but he appreciated that, honestly.

[}-o-{]​

"So, what do you think?" Joshua asked curiously as he noted down some ideas for illusions in a notebook. "I think a wolf is within our heroes' league right now. We are a bit early in the story," He commented, receiving a thoughtful hum from Kunou.

"Maybe a snake?" She asked, making Nagini perk up from his shoulder.

"Sure, that works. Maybe a giant spider too?" He asked, giving the girl a knowing grin that she happily returned, all but beaming.

"And a bird? To have something flying," She suggested, quickly adding the last part as if it'd make it less obvious that she was taking inspiration from his familiars.

"That works too," Joshua agreed, shaking his head before writing those down. "Wolf, snake, spider and bird. Something like a hawk, for that last one?" He wondered if Cheshire would be insulted when she realized she was the only one without representation? Maybe he should change wolf for lynx?

"An owl, maybe?" Kunou asked.

"Why an owl?" He shot back curiously. An owl was a slightly strange option, all things considered.

"I was gonna say a crow or something but that's… too normal?" She explained hesitantly.

"Fair enough, owl it is," Joshua agreed easily again, noting that down. "Well, better get those illusion circles going, right?"

"Yeah, the spider could fall from a tree branch, maybe? Hanging from its thread?" Kunou suggested then, her eyes all but sparkling as ideas formed in her head. It was adorable and it made Joshua incredibly happy. It was nice to share a project with someone that enjoyed it as much as he did. Working with Azazel was like that, but they each focused on different things.

Right there and then though, Kunou and him were working on the same thing with the same purpose.

Was it silly? A little bit. They were, after all, making cards that basically told a story. That part had been Kunou's idea, amusingly enough. Then came Joshua's bit, making things a little more complicated but also a little more fun. He'd make a card with a scene. There was the starting card, with a different main character, and from there it branched in different directions. Different worlds to start in, different starting points, different events.

It was absolute chaos, especially to keep track of everything, but they were having a lot of fun. 'Really need to make a better system to know which card is which besides just putting a serial number on it,' He mused. They were barely in the fifteenth scene series and it was already an absolute nightmare to find which cards were for which story step. At least, once they took them from the neat piles they'd made for each step. Besides, soon the piles would become too many to just keep adding more.

"Maybe this was a bad idea, Joshua-sama," Fuyuko commented from the side as she set two cups of tea in between him and Kunou.

"What are you talking about? This is great!" The girl explained, happily taking her drink. Apparently, he'd rubbed off on her and gotten her to enjoy a cup of tea at any possible time. "The owl could appear, um… ominously, I guess? The eyes shining from the shadows in the trees as it stares at the hero. How does that sound?" She suggested then, frowning at the cards on the table as if they were already showing the vision she had of the story's scenes.

"That works," Joshua nodded, giving the yuki-onna a wry smile behind the girl's back. The woman wasn't wrong. Maybe this had been a mistake. Then again, at least they were having fun and Kunou was learning illusions. He considered it a win. "I'll work on this later. For the moment, that's enough of a break, back to studying with you."

"Ugh, do I have to? We could go on for a bit longer," Kunou tried, giving him her best kit fox eyes. It was difficult, he'd admit, but he managed not to give in. Instead, he raised an eyebrow at her, which made the girl deflate.

"You are a stronger person than me, Joshua-sama," Fuyuko complimented, which made him chuckle lightly.

"I just remind myself that she might need to know this in the future," He replied with a shake of his head before he started organizing the cards. Then he started taking out the books he usually used to check stuff for the circles he was working on for Yasaka. He'd finally started working on some life energy illusions, although he didn't get much done on that front, considering how low his skill level was.

"There are a lot of defenses here," Kunou grumbled from where she sat next to him with a book of her own. She pouted exaggeratedly as she glared at the pages. "You are even setting some yourself and you are much better at illusions than me. What would I even do?"

"You'd be surprised," He said, shaking his head and planting a hand on her head. "A surprise illusion at the right moment could save your life. So, study, little lady. Besides, I have to actually work if I want to set those defenses you seem so confident about," He added, chuckling as her pout seemed to intensify.

"I know that," She mumbled, barely audible.

"Good," He replied. "Now, I think I'll give you a little test tomorrow and if you do well, we can take a day off studying to just work on stuff. How does that sound?"

"Really?" She asked, all annoyance forgotten as she looked at him with wide eyes. "Yes, of course! What will the test be about?"

"All that I've taught you so far," He answered vaguely.

"Joshua! Don't be mean!" She whined cutely while he laughed.

"Now, come on. I know you'll do well anyway. You are a great student," He told her, smiling at her before finally turning to the books and starting to focus back on his job.

"I know that, but still…" He heard her grumble before they both finally stayed silent as they both did their own thing.

[}-o-{]​

"Why am I here?" Joshua asked, watching around disinterestedly. Margalo was having a good time though. As the one that accompanied him that day, the bird quite liked that they were outside for a change. She wasn't a fan of being cooped up in a room, even if she'd put up with it to be with him.

Still though, there was much work to be done and studies to do.

"I wanted you here," Azazel said, as if that were reason enough. Like it wasn't Yasaka the one that was his boss.

"Why is your associate even coming here instead of, you know, anywhere else?" Joshua asked. Because, really, he couldn't fathom why the Governor wanted the Longinus user he'd promised he would bring to guard the youkai to his house.

"That's easy. I want you to take a look at them through your wards," Azazel replied, which only added more questions, really. However, Joshua wouldn't say no to more information being gathered. Getting some data on a Longinus would be nice.

"You haven't said which Longinus your associate has, Azazel," Yasaka pointed out before taking a sip from the tea Joshua had prepared for everyone. "I don't appreciate being surprised in situations such as this."

"You are no fun at all," The Governor said, rolling his eyes as if they were being silly with all their little comments. 'Weirdos, the whole lot of them. Yasaka is the only leader remotely normal,' Joshua thought to himself with a wry smile.

"So?"

"Divine Dividing," The Fallen Angel answered, like Yasaka had ruined a particularly good joke for him. "Vali should be here soon."

"You've been saying that for like 10 minutes," Joshua pointed out, making the man laugh, like that was funny. "Do you really have control over this person?" He had to ask, because he really wasn't looking forward to having a superpowered pain in the ass to deal with on top of everything else.

"That's what I was wondering," Yasaka agreed.

"It'll be fine, no need to double team me," Azazel waved off with a roll of his eyes. "Vali isn't very eager to come here, but the prospect of fighting Annihilation Maker was enticing enough. He'll do as we want, don't worry."

"Vali, huh?" Joshua mused out loud. Something stirred in his mind at the name, a blurry picture of someone with silver hair and-

[Mind Resistance has gone up a level.]

'It's probably no-' He started before pausing. 'Why do I think that's related to Rias though?' He wondered, frowning as he felt a headache coming his way. 'Just my luck,' He grumbled internally, taking a sip from his cup of tea. 'It's probably nothing,' He decided eventually.

"Joshua?" Yasaka called, making him wearily turn towards her. When had he brought his hand up to his head? And when had Margalo perched herself on his shoulder?

"I'm fine," He reassured with a wave of his hand. "Just a headache. I might have gotten a little too into my studies of hexes today," He mused, massaging his forehead.

[Mind Resistance has gone up a level.]

"Hm, maybe you should take a break tomorrow," The woman offered.

"Sure, I could use one, honestly," He admitted, albeit somewhat reluctantly.

"Ah, finally here, Vali," Azazel greeted then, as a figure in white appeared. Gleaming armor covered them, while blue wings extended behind them. They looked like sci-fi ones, made of hardlight. A look through his wards told Joshua that it was all magic though, or mostly, at least.

'Balance Breaker: Scale Mail,' He recognized instantly, narrowing his eyes as he took in the information that his wards provided. However, he wasn't completely focused on it. His mind drifted the smallest bit. That armor, that Sacred Gear, Vali…

[Mind Resistance has gone up a level.]

His headache got worse.

'It's probably… No, that… Can't be nothing, can it?' Joshua mused, running a hand through his hair. 'This is Divine Diving, if it's involved in something it's definitely not nothing… Right? No, it's probably noth-'

[Mind Resistance has gone up a level.]

"Joshua, are you alright?" Yasaka asked, sounding actually concerned then. "Maybe we should just leave. Joshua's obviously not up for this right now."

"This is the man that took out Dimension Lost?" The new arrival asked, his armor disappearing, revealing a thoroughly unimpressed expression. "He's not that much."

"You'll be careful how you speak, boy," Yasaka said, narrowing her eyes at him.

"I'm fine, I'm fine," Joshua reassured again, although his smile felt strained now. "It's nothing, don't worry," He added, although his face twitched as he said that. "I'll have to note down everything I picked up. Having him appear with his Balance Breaker was nice, Azazel."

"That wasn't me. That was just him showing off," The Governor admitted, looking amused.

"I was ready to try and see how strong the person that took out a Longinus was. Wasn't expecting them to be… like this," He said, very obviously looking down on Joshua. He was fine with that. He didn't much care for how people viewed him.

"It was mainly them underestimating me and my wards. Not actual strength," Joshua admitted easily with a shrug.

"Wards?" The man, Vali, asked then, a new interest shining in his eyes.

"Yeah."

"Would you care to show me?" The half-devil, from what Joshua's wards were picking up, continued.

"Sure, I can explain them to you if-"

"I mean activate them on me," He corrected bluntly.

"Sure, I can," Joshua nodded, uncaring, especially with the headache he was suddenly dealing with. Activating everything, he only got a slight tilt of Vali's head. That was fine, he didn't have it in him to pay too much attention. Between the feedback of his wards and his growing headache, he didn't feel very observant.

Besides…

'Why does he seem so familiar. And Azazel… And Yasaka… And Kunou… I know them, but this… this…' He frowned, closing his eyes for a moment. He saw flashes of something. Of these people that he already knew… but those weren't memories from recently at all. 'What is… This is not nothing,' He thought.

[Mind Resistance has gone up a level.]

[Quest Completed: Reach a Mind Resistance level of 25

Rewards:
+ Universe Memories Unlocked]

Immediately, Joshua remembered.

However, he had no time to process this new information and what it meant. Instead, a growling voice snapped him out of his distracted state. It was loud though, or at least loud enough to make his aching head protest at the noise.

[Divide!] Vali's Sacred Gear announced, appearing from his back. Joshua felt it through the connection with his wards, how they all weakened instantly. It didn't stop them though, the Draining wards continued to work stealing the energy from the half-devil and powering everything back up.

"Interesting," Vali commented, although he didn't look very impressed. That was fine, Joshua didn't expect him to be. The guy had smacked around a Grigory leader, his wards were good, but Joshua didn't expect them to beat that. 'At least, not without preparing for it,' He amended in his mind. "You might want to turn them off though. Albion doesn't like them."

"Oh?" Azazel voiced, curious.

"They remind him of Vritra. He says he was annoying," Vali informed them and Joshua pieced it together instantly. Right, Vritra's Absorption was pretty similar to how the Draining Wards worked. At least from what he remembered of Saji…

And then, as he turned off the wards and had less things to focus on, his mind drifted off instantly. Mostly jumping to the people he knew from the series and had met in his life. Jeanne especially, since she was his sister.

'I saved her,' He thought, relieved. Jeanne wouldn't be with the Hero Faction now. She wouldn't have to deal with the result of that rather bad decision. She would be fine. Hell, she might even grow stronger than she would have, with all the training and his wards.

Kunou and Yasaka… he didn't remember much of them, but it seemed that he'd already screwed up that arc's information anyway. The Hero Faction was crippled now without Dimension Lost. And if he had any say in the matter, Khaos Brigade would be even worse by the time he was done with them.

Sairaorg… The guy might beat Issei now, with his wards' help. Which worked well for Joshua. He thought Bael deserved that win. The man had certainly earned it more than the pervert.

Rias and Sona… Maybe he could work on those wards some more. And give them some training wards. That'd help the redhead against Riser… probably. It was worth a shot, he supposed. Unless that brought political trouble. He'd have to be careful there.

Still, Joshua thought he was taking all this impressively well. Especially considering that he'd basically already screwed over canon through and through. There was little hope that things would stay the same, that was for sure.

'Was that why my memories were bound? Was there some other reason?' He mused.

"Joshua?" Yasaka asked, and when he turned he realized that the woman had walked up to him. She looked worried too. Had he missed something?

"Sorry, I just… I'm a little… Not well, I guess," He mumbled. It wasn't even an act. Suddenly, he felt tired and his head still felt like someone was trying to squeeze it from all sides. He felt faint and he imagined that he looked rather pale at the moment.

A wave of comfort washed over him. 'Yasaka's Senjutsu again?' He wondered, closing his eyes, momentarily taking that support in. With a deep breath in, he straightened his back.

"Everything ok?" Azazel asked, with a level of seriousness that Joshua didn't associate with the man. Neither from recent nor from old memories.

"Yeah. I think so, at least. Is there anything in my life energy?" He asked, that last question directed to Yasaka who was frowning at him.

"Everything seems to be fine," She replied, although she didn't sound very sure of that.

"Great. Well, once you are 100% again we can talk about what your wards have no doubt picked up from Divine Dividing and its Balance Breaker," The Fallen Angel Governor announced, earning himself a pointed look from the youkai leader. "Lots of tests to do too."

"If we have to," Vali sighed, apparently resigned to his fate. "I'd expected at least a good fight here. That's how you beat Dimension Lost though, right? With those wards?"

"More or less," Joshua replied with a wry smile. He wouldn't have told him about Nagini, but he definitely wouldn't now that he knew the guy would work with Khaos Brigade.

"Hm," The half-devil hummed, not sounding very eager for that fight. Which made sense, Joshua's style wasn't the direct approach that he was probably a fan of. That, together with Albion finding his Draining Wards annoying probably didn't entice him very much. Which suited Joshua fine, if he could avoid fighting him then he'd be happy.

"There'll be no experiments of any kind until we know Joshua's ok though," Yasaka declared, leaving no room for argument, which nobody seemed to want to bring up anyway. "Now, you," She said, turning towards him. "Are going to get some rest."

"Sure," He agreed easily with a weary smile. "I'll just go back in, sit down and get myself a cup of tea. Can I do that, Lady Yasaka?" He asked, his grin widening a little as he asked that last question. She gave him an unimpressed expression. "You want a cup of tea too, by the way? How about you, guys?" He asked her, Azazel and Vali.

"I wouldn't say no to that," The fallen angel took him up on his offer instantly.

"... Sure," The half-devil nodded with a strange expression on his face.

"I could have someone come here and help out while you recover," Yasaka started before he interrupted waving her off.

"No need. I can do this much, I promise," He reassured her. Bringing a hand up to massage his eyes probably didn't help his case much, but he was serious. The headache was even going away and so long as he didn't let his mind wander off to analyze the memories he'd recovered, he'd be mostly fine.

"If you insist."

"I sure do, let's go."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

So, it finally happened, huh? I was having fun writing a character that didn't know the setting, but I'd already kind of screwed myself over by making this an insert story. Nothing to do about that, I guess. Either way, canon has already flown out the window, so there's that.

I'm sure there'll be people that just couldn't wait for this to happen. I hope you are happy with this. I'm not quite sure how good this memory unlock was, but I'm sure enough to post it so… Yeah.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What's your favorite Pokemon starter? Mine is Turtwig. For some reason, I just really like Torterra.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 337 others
Adrian King
Jul 8, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 48 - Funny How Things Never Change New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#206
Funny How Things Never Change

"This was a great idea," Kunou decided, smiling as the story progressed the more cards she placed next to each other. Joshua, for his part, was reluctant to agree. Mainly because they'd ended up with a lot of option cards to "tell" the story, as it were. The stories, since things were getting out of hand really fast, ended up being really short. However, with the amount of options there were, it ended up being not that bad a thing.

"It is rather neat, yeah," Joshua said with a slight smile, regardless of all the trouble the Project Tale Maker had been. Kunou was happy and that was all that he needed. 'Business as usual,' He thought to himself.

He'd half expected, after recovering from his memories of the world he was in, that things would change. Surely some of his relationships would be different, right? Surely something wouldn't be quite the same anymore, right?

Well, he'd been wrong.

Sure, now he knew that his Devil friends were probably a lot more reliable and friendly than he'd thought they were. Now he knew that Vali wasn't. Now he knew a lot more about Khaos Brigade. Now he knew that the Church was to be dealt with warily, even if Griselda was probably decent enough.

At the end of the day, things could be different from his memories though. Jeanne was his sister now. Kunou seemed to be younger than he remembered her being. Furthermore, he'd already unknowingly sent ripples all over the place.

"Joshua?" Kunou asked, poking his side and catching him off guard.

"Yeah?"

"You are distracted," She accused with narrowed eyes. He gave her another smile, placing a hand on her head and messing her hair up a little. She was still just as adorable as before. The only thing his memories had done was remind him that she was, indeed, suffocated by her situation as basically the princess of the youkai. There wasn't much he could do about that, but he guessed what he was already doing was at least good.

"Sorry about that, Kunou," He apologized before regarding the unfolding story before his eyes. "So, what's next? Project Strategy? Or did you want to do something else? I have the day off from wards and you passed the test with flying colors, so we can do whatever you want."

His words brought a proud look from the girl as she all but preened under the praise. Joshua wasn't even exaggerating. She had answered all the questions he'd asked correctly. Some could have used more details and such, but overall she'd done perfectly. Thus, she'd decided to use her day to finish their card story project.

"Hm, I was thinking, maybe I could try to make some cards myself? Like, um," She mumbled, her voice growing quieter as she went on. Joshua thought he got the gist of it from that alone though.

"You mean, do all the work yourself?" He asked, blinking at her as she nodded shyly. "Sure, I'll just sit here then. Just ask me if you have any doubts, ok? What do you even want to make?"

"I was thinking of making some to keep in my room and things like that. Like an illusion of a sight out of my window or a night sky on my ceiling."

"Hm, a night sky might be better to get started. Should be simpler," He commented, getting a nod from her and he could see the gears spinning in her head. 'Wonder if that's what I look like when thinking about wards,' Joshua thought to himself with a smile forming on his face.

"Joshua-sama?" Fuyuko said as she placed a cup of tea next to him.

"Thanks, Fuyuko," He told her as she laid a second on Kunou's side. The girl, however, was already all but glaring at the notebook in front of her. The pencil in her hand scratched at the pages as she started noting down her ideas and theories about how to make it work. There were some mistakes, but she was still thinking it over. Joshua was sure she'd noticed herself. If not, he'd just keep an eye out.

"Yasaka-sama said to tell you that she would make time to come sooner today," The yuki-onna informed them, although Kunou was entirely too focused on her work. She barely seemed to notice the servant's words. "The Fallen's support seems to have helped her have less to worry about."

"That's good to know," Joshua commented, grinning amusedly as he looked at the little girl working. "I'll tell her once she takes a break," He told Fuyuko, in case the servant had something else to do. He didn't want to keep her waiting to be acknowledged.

"I was speaking to you, Joshua-sama," The yuki-onna said, making him blink.

"Oh," He voiced, slightly confused. "Well, um, I guess we'll be waiting here."

"Are you ok?" Kunou asked when the servant left to continue with her duties, probably soon to return, since the yuki-onna was usually around in case he needed something. "Mum was worried the other day. Something about you not feeling well all of a sudden?" The girl explained when he turned and raised an eyebrow at her.

"I'm fine, nothing to worry about, Kunou," He reassured, giving her a smile as he picked up his cup of tea. The girl next to him immediately copied him, which almost made him chuckle. "Maybe I just have to work a little less," He added. Not because he really wanted rest, but because Yasaka had been adamant on not letting him work himself too hard.

Considering how the regaining of his memories had left him that day, he couldn't really fault her. He also couldn't explain what had happened, so he'd just have to roll with it. With any luck, he wouldn't have to cut his work too much.

"Maybe we can make games when we work on illusions?" Kunou asked, giving him a smile over her cup of tea. "Something to play while you have to rest?"

"Sounds good to me. Any ideas?"

[}-o-{]​

"So, you learning anything, Jo-tan?" Serafall asked, resting her chin on her palms as she looked at him curiously. Joshua, meanwhile, tilted his head slightly as he considered the information his wards were telling him.

"Hmm… I'm learning that I'll probably need to make some specialized wards for this," He grumbled, deflating on his chair and side-eyeing the vial of Phoenix Tears Serafall had brought for him to look over. He was learning a few things, but not nearly as much as he needed. "This might take a while."

"You think you can make something with that?" Serafall asked then, straightening a little and sounding surprised.

"I definitely think it's possible. If I'll be able to make it, that's another thing entirely," He said, still trying to make sense of the data his wards were giving him. It was a lost battle though. It was mostly gibberish, at best. "Anyway, last chapter was interesting," He commented, making her perk up even more and her eyes go wide.

"You watched it?" She asked, incredulously.

"I sure did," He admitted with a chuckle.

Serafall had apparently decided that she'd set him up with a TV that could watch the Devil channels… Which was an interesting thing to know existed, let alone watch it. He'd since watched a few episodes of her show just to see what that was like and… it was not that bad, actually. It wasn't a masterpiece by any means, but it was a fun way to spend some time.

It helped since he now had to take more breaks than he would have liked.

"Didn't expect that betrayal at the end, honestly," Joshua commented, laughing lightly at the baffled expression on Serafall. Was that the first time someone she knew watched her show? That was kinda sad, honestly. "It was fun."

"You are my new favorite human, Joshua!" Serafall exclaimed, all but jumping in place.

"You know a lot of humans?" He asked blandly.

"A whole lot, yes!" She confirmed, nodding emphatically. "I didn't think you'd watch it!" The Satan exclaimed then, bouncing on her seat excitedly. "You have to tell me everything. What episode did you watch? How much have you watched? Do you want an autograph?"

"I watched the one I caught last night. Dunno if it's on several channels so… Yeah. I caught it like five episodes ago and I've watched them all so far. And no, no need," He answered in order. 'Did I get all that right?' He wondered, before continuing.

"Would you like to join the show?" She asked then and Joshua blinked. "I'm sure we could have Jo-tan join us. Maybe you'd help Levia-tan. Or maybe you could be a villain!"

"Woah, woah, slow down. I don't think I'll join, sorry," He said quickly and slightly panicked. When she deflated and pouted, he continued. "First of all, I don't think I'd make a good actor. And second, I don't like crowds, or dealing with people in general. I don't think that'd go well with this."

"But Joshuaaaaaaa!" She whined, sounding like Kunou whenever she was especially motivated and needed to be told to take a break. "We could have so much fun!"

"I'll have to pass, sorry," He replied with a half-smile as he brought up his cup of tea. "Margalo really likes the show though. Maybe she'd have fun joining," He added, receiving enthusiastic chirping from the little bird.

"Oh oh oh! That'd be great!" Serafall exclaimed and he could almost see the stars in her eyes. "You could, little thing, what about the others?" She asked then, turning towards the rest of his familiars.

"Morag seems to like watching it, but she's not interested, sorry. Nagini and Cheshire… yeah, they aren't that enthusiastic, let's say," He answered apologetically.

"That's fine, we can just have fun between the two of us. Don't worry, Margalo, I'll see what I can do," The Satan announced and Joshua simply smiled wryly as the bird flew to her shoulder. Then he shared a look with Cheshire.

Well, here was hoping that Margalo would have fun. She probably would though, he was sure. She was the most lively of the bunch. She'd probably enjoy being a random bird that happened to have a little scene in the show. Knowing Serafall though, she'd try to give the bird at least a somewhat decent role, probably.

"We'll discuss payment later then," Serafall announced, looking at Margalo, who was now standing on her hands. Joshua though, leaned back for a moment and watched the whole thing unfold. He wondered if he'd been this carefree before his memories. He had been doing a lot of that lately.

He didn't think he was acting or feeling all that different from before, but he still wondered.

"Joshua?" Serafall called, snapping him from his thoughts. "Everything ok?... You are tired after all, aren't you?" She said then, narrowing her eyes accusingly at him, to which he gave a weak smile.

"Maybe," He replied. It was as good an excuse as any, he supposed. "Anyway, can you leave this here or how do we do this?" He asked, pointing at the Phoenix Tears vial that had been left all but forgotten on the table.

"I can't leave it here, but I'll bring it with me anytime I come to visit," She told him, to which he nodded. That worked well enough for him. "Now, about sweet little Margalo here. I'll have to talk with a few people, but we can definitely find a role for her," She said, making the little bird chirp happily.

"She'll love that."

"Oh oh oh! What about Gin-tan?!"

"Yeah, I don't think that's gonna happen," Joshua answered wryly, to which the woman deflated. "So, if that happens are you just gonna come and pick her up or what?" He asked, before blinking. 'How'd the conversation reach this point?'

"Well, you could come to bring her with you if you want, Joshua!" And there she went. Joshua simply leaned back, drank his tea and listened to her talking about her show.

[}-o-{]​

"Things have been quiet," Joshua mused out loud, idly reading through some of his notes. Next to him, as was now usual, sat Kunou, working on her own cards.

The system the two of them had decided to use was a simple one. She'd work up a circle and then he'd tell her where the mistakes were but not how to actually fix it. Thus, having her think up the solution herself. So far, that method had worked quite well for them, so it was staying until it didn't anymore.

"Don't jinx us, Joshua-sama," Fuyuko told him with an uneasy smile as she left a cup of tea next to him. "But yes, things have been calm. I have to say I prefer it."

Annihilation Maker's attacks had gradually slowed down, after all. Now, there hadn't been an attack in a whole week. However, the magicians, Joshua included, were less than reassured by this. They all were thinking the same thing, Kunou had confirmed with her heightened senses.

This was probably the calm before the storm.

Granted, there was a good chance that the Fallen Angels arriving had driven Khaos Brigade away. It was a decent possibility, really. A major power had decided to get involved in a very overt way, contrary to what had been going on beforehand. Still, for Khaos Brigade to just leave like that? It felt… wrong. There had to be something going on, right?

Thus, Joshua continued working like the attacks kept going. There was a whole lot of things to tinker with, after all. He had the life energy illusions to work on. He had wards to improve. Furthermore, he was still struggling with his idea of ever changing magic.

He'd expected that last project to take long though. Making a spell that changed how it worked wasn't that hard. It was difficult, yes, but it was doable. However, he didn't want them to change once. He wanted them to change endlessly, like a randomizer constantly picking a number out of a million.

For the moment, to say he was working on it would probably be a lie. He couldn't even really say he was making progress, if he was honest. At most, he was working on the theory and how to go about starting that project.

When Kunou groaned in frustration, Joshua could only give her a commiserating pat on the shoulder.

"Why is this so hard?" The girl grumbled, pouting down at her own notes.

"I feel you," Joshua agreed with a nod before sighing. "Want any help? I could use something to distract me from this," He asked, waving a hand to his notebook as if it had personally offended him.

"I just… The stars in this illusion. I can't make them shine right. It's either too much light or too little," Kunou all but groaned, looking like she was holding back a scream. Yeah, Joshua had been there more than once.

Taking a look at the circle, he went over the whole thing, trying to see if there was anything else he had to point out for her besides what she was stuck on. She wouldn't like that, but it was better than her having to find out she'd made other mistakes later. Surprisingly though, everything looked ok. Not perfect by any means, for sure. There was room for improvement in several places, after all. However, overall the circle looked pretty good.

"You aren't specifying the location of the stars enough, that's what's messing with the shine," Joshua pointed out, running his finger through a few lines in her circle where she'd have to make the correction.

"Hm…" Kunou hummed, in that way she used whenever she wanted to ask for more details on what she should do but knew she shouldn't. He gave her a proud smile, both because of her restraint and because of her work so far. On top of that…

"You are doing really well so far," He told her, drawing a small smile from her. Before she could do her usual thing and ask if he meant, he continued. "Really, I checked for other mistakes and I didn't find much. Looks like you've almost finished your first circle."

"Not much?" She asked then, narrowing her eyes at him.

"Kunou," He said, rolling his eyes and placing a hand on top of her head. "I'm not even gonna point out any of that to you unless it gets on your way. There's no need to make the circle perfect. You'll get better with time."

"I know," She all but whined and he chuckled. "I just wanna do this well. You've spent so much teaching me and I just… The only thing I can do is cast with the circles already drawn."

"You are a child, Kunou, and you haven't been working on this that long, really. You are doing really well. Stop pushing yourself so much, ok? Or the next one to need more rest will be you and your mother will have my hide," He told her, only half-joking in the end. He didn't think Yasaka would take too kindly to her daughter overworking herself because of his teachings.

"I certainly wouldn't appreciate that," The aforementioned youkai leader commented, making the both of them jump where they sat. The woman giggled behind her hand before she took a seat beside Kunou. "Everything going well?"

"Magic is dumb," The girl grumbled, looking down at the offending circle.

"Well, I guess we can remove magic classes from your day then. I'm sure we can find something else for you to focus on," Yasaka commented, giving Joshua a smile that her daughter didn't see.

"No!" Kunou protested quickly, before realizing that her mother was just joking as she looked up. "That was mean, mom. It's just… I'm struggling with this dumb circle," Added, mumbling all the while.

"She'll have her first personalized illusion real soon, if she keeps it up," Joshua commented, making the girl look away from him. "She's just being unreasonable as usual."

"Am not!" Kunou protested the claim instantly.

[}-o-{]​

"Do you think the danger has passed or is trouble coming our way?" Joshua asked Yasaka one afternoon. They were sitting in the garden outside where he usually went to work. Some distance away, Jeanne, who had come with him and his familiars instead of going sightseeing for once, was showing off some new swords to Kunou.

She'd come up with a variation of the swords that fought by themselves. These ones didn't have autonomy of any kind though, instead she had to control them with her mind. It saved some power, in turn making the swords more powerful than their variants. However, she was still getting used to the way to handle them.

Joshua guessed she'd soon go around as a pseudo-Irelia or something. That'd be neat.

"I think they've been scared off," Yasaka commented, taking a sip from her cup of tea. "But I don't want to be too hopeful, if I'm honest."

"Hm, I get that," Joshua nodded with an uneasy grimace. He absently fidgeted with a knife in his hand as he watched Kunou approach Jeanne to ask her something. The teenager quickly moved her swords away. The movement wasn't very smooth, but she got them out of the way with no risk of anyone being wounded, which was the whole point. "I probably wouldn't stop making plans even if they were actually gone."

"... You know this is a temporary job, right?" Yasaka asked him, making him smirk.

"I don't know what you are talking about," Joshua replied, starting to juggle the knife with one hand. "I'm Kunou's teacher. It's only right that I take some precautions in case someone's stupid enough to try to attack her."

"Hmph," Yasaka huffed, a smile on her face. "You are gonna make me look for a way to repay you, aren't you?"

"No payment needed here, honestly."

"Don't let my daughter see you doing that, by the way," She said, somewhat sternly as she looked at the knife rotating down in the air before being tossed back up. "Last thing I need is her trying to imitate that."

"There's an illusion between them and us. They are seeing me fidgeting with a card," He reassured her. He'd taken to juggling his knives occasionally for two reasons, actually. One, because it was cool, and two, because it actually helped raise Dagger Mastery, apparently. He was pretty sure it wasn't much, but when he'd gained a level while juggling a knife just because he felt like it, it'd been quite the surprise.

"She could pick up on it if she sensed life energy, you know?" Yasaka persisted and he acknowledged that with a nod. Then he waved his left hand, his free one. "Huh… that's strange."

"Kunou said the same thing," He replied. "It's a work in process, but at least I can now somewhat obscure things from life sensing. I'll get there eventually, I guess."

"You know she'll realize something's going on anyway, right?" Yasaka pointed out, making him sigh. This time, when the knife fell, he'd pulled a storage card, making the blade disappear inside a bright circle. "Better," The woman said as he started doing as his illusion was and fidget with the card.

"Honestly, you are right. The last thing I want is to see her trying to juggle knives," He said, shaking his head.

They remained silent after that, both content looking at the two girls having fun, Joshua's familiars laying around the garden. Somehow, the calm setting reminded him of better times. Times when things had been quite different. And yet, it felt the same.

"It'll be a year since my parents died soon," He said. He felt Yasaka turn towards him with both Magic Sense and Life Sense. He was getting better at using that last one without having to focus. "I've been thinking a lot more about them lately."

"Is that so?" Yasaka asked. He wasn't very sure of what he heard in her tone, but his guess was curiosity.

"Yeah. I think they'd be happy for me," He mused with a sad smile. "I never was a very social person. I think they'd at least be happy that I now have a bunch of friends. Weird as most of them are."

"I hope I'm not in that last list," The woman commented jokingly and he chuckled, shaking his head.

"You are definitely one of the most normal ones, I gotta say. Which is nice. I can only take so much crazy at a time," He said.

"As a parent myself, I can tell you that they'd be very proud of you," Yasaka told him, making his smile turn the slightest bit happier. "Kunou wasn't the best at socializing either. So, thank you for helping her be a child again. I had feared that she'd remain closed off, trying to be an adult for so long that she'd never get to be the kid that she's supposed to be."

"Happy to help," He waved off, his grin widening. "She's precious, honestly."

"That she is," Yasaka nodded. "She looks up to you a lot."

"It's kind of scary," Joshua admitted to that. "Scary, but great."

"It is like that sometimes," The youkai leader agreed. "I worry, however."

"That she'll turn up like me?" He asked, only half-joking.

"No," Yasaka denied instantly. "I worry that as easily as you decided to move here, you'll move somewhere else. I worry that my daughter will have her heart broken if you leave."

"That's… a valid concern, I guess," Joshua reluctantly agreed. "I couldn't do that to her though. It'd break my heart," He told her with a half-smile. "You know that I want to travel, but I like it here. I don't see why I would move again, honestly."

"Just promise me that if you do go away, you won't forget about Kunou."

"That's a promise I can easily make."

"Good."

They shared a smile then, looking as Margalo perched herself on Kunou's shoulder and both watched Jeanne put on a sword show.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I expected things to change drastically once Joshua regained his memories. And instead… it seems like nothing did, which is curious. There'll probably be people that are not happy with this, but I find it interesting.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: From which fandom have you been reading the most lately? I've been binging House M.D. fics this last week and it's been great.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 315 others
Adrian King
Jul 8, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 49 - Like I Didn’t Care New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#209
Like I Didn't Care

"God, there's two of them," Jeanne commented, dismayed.

"I know, right?" Kunou asked, much more enthusiastic. "Azazel is weird though," She added. She seemed to find it supremely amusing to say that every chance she got.

"You sure you should be saying that?" Jeanne pointed out hesitantly as she looked between the little girl and the Fallen Angel Governor.

"No, she shouldn't," Yasaka answered calmly as she brought her cup of tea to her lips.

"Joshua agrees!" Kunou argued, as if that were all the reason she needed to say what she did. Joshua, meanwhile, heard his sister facepalm and almost chuckled.

"Of course this is his fault. Why am I surprised?" The teenager grumbled. "You are supposed to be a good influence, Josh!" His sister chastised him and he turned his gaze up from the book he'd been reading. One of the ward books that Azazel had gotten him as part of their deal. "Don't give me that look."

"I'm a good influence though," He commented, sharing a conspiratory look with his fellow tinkerer, him over his book and the Fallen over his notebook. "Kids have to know when someone's weird so they can stay away, right?"

"Too right," Azazel agreed with a sage nod, as if they weren't talking about him. Maybe even because they were talking about him. "You are a good man, Joshua," The man added solemnly.

"See?" Joshua asked, turning towards the women. Two of which rolled their eyes at them and the remaining one giggled. "Anyway, how goes the reading?" He continued, turning towards the Fallen Angel.

"I have no idea how you came up with this," Azazel said, gesturing to the notebook in his hands with a baffled expression. "Honestly, what I wouldn't give to see how your mind works, Joshua," The man commented, which brought pause to the human.

'Is that it?' He mused, remembering how the other magicians seemed in awe of his work. How everyone seemed to act like he was some kind of big shot. He'd always thought he couldn't be that good. He hadn't even been working on things for a year, Game System or not. 'Does my mind work differently?'

It was a possibility, he supposed. He was from a completely different world. His thought process being different was hardly a thing to be surprised about, all things considered.

Instead of commenting on Azazel's words though, Joshua simply shrugged and continued reading. The old ward information wasn't the most useful thing ever, but there were things that he could take note of. Old things that he could see why they had been changed over the time. It taught him about how things had worked in other ways too, if maybe not as effective or efficiently. 'This could help with the ever changing magic,' He mused, stopping in one place and noting something down on a notebook by his side.

"Joshua?" He heard then, making him turn to see Kunou had moved to sit right next to him. It seemed that she'd learned well that the best moment to distract him was when he was in the middle of doing things. Like then and there, after he'd paused reading and was done writing notes. "You are going to stay here for Christmas, right?"

"... Where did that come from?" Joshua asked, blinking in bemusement. After all, the Youkai weren't Christian. They were from the Shinto pantheon. He didn't even know they cared about that festivity.

"I was just… wondering if you'd stay here or if you'd move somewhere to celebrate," Kunou asked, poking her fingers together shily. He gave her a slight smile that wasn't really happy.

"I'll probably be here, yeah," He confirmed, turning his eyes to the book but not really reading. "I might leave for a day though," He added, his grin vanishing as quickly as it had come. "But that'll be about it."

"Do you have to?" Kunou asked, deflating where she sat. He guessed her disappointment made sense. For as long as he'd stayed at Kyoto, he could count the days he hadn't seen her at all with one hand.

"Sorry, but there's something I gotta do in December," He said, giving her an apologetic look, "I'll be here for actual Christmas though."

"Ok," She said, giving him a smile that changed into a curious look. "What do you have to do though?"

"There's just some stuff I have to do," He waved off. "Also, I gotta buy presents, you know. Jeanne would be sad if I didn't get her a stuffed animal or something."

"Hey!" The teenager protested, looking positively scandalized as her face turned beet red. Kunou, though, just giggled behind her hand. Even Azazel barked out a laugh. "If you give me a stuffed toy, Joshua, I swear to God…" She left the threat hanging, but he simply gave her an innocent smile.

"Will you get something for me?" Kunou asked, her eyes big. He raised an eyebrow at her attempt to look cute. As if she even needed to try.

"I don't know, will I?" He shot back with an amused half-smile. "I wonder."

"Joshuaaaa!" The girl whined.

"Where'd be the fun in telling?" He asked with a chuckle.

"I wanna knooooow!"

"I'm sure you do," He replied with a nod, still grinning from ear to ear. "But I'm not gonna say."

"Mooom, Joshua's being mean!" She protested, under the amused gaze of basically everyone else in the room. As if Joshua wouldn't get her a present. He shared a glance with Yasaka and he was pretty sure she was asking him not to go overboard.

He just smirked at her, to which the woman shook her head.

Between Jeanne and Kunou, Joshua wasn't sure who he wanted to spoil more with presents, honestly. He'd have to think about that a whole lot. 'Something to do while I take my mandatory breaks, I guess,' He mused, turning his attention back to his studies for the moment.

'Christmas…'

[}-o-{]​

[Elliot Francis]

Things had spiraled out of control too fast.

That was the summary of the situation at the moment, for the magic associations that had been contracted to help the youkai. Not only had such a big job appeared out of nowhere, but it'd also gotten dangerous really quick. Several magicians had disappeared to not be heard again when Annihilation Maker had been unleashed on them. Several of them had only survived attacks because their defenses had bought them enough time to teleport away. Some lucky ones had gotten reinforcements before anything could happen to them.

In the middle of all that was Joshua Davis.

He'd been a nobody at the start. Nobody knew him, and how could they? He was an unaffiliated magician. He'd been a bit of a joke to the rest of them when they'd first heard.

How could he not? Unaffiliated magicians were nobodies. The lowest of the low in the supernatural world, barely above mundane humans. After all, if you had no one to back you up, to help you improve, how were you to grow? Where did one get the books to learn new magics? The teachers to help one learn faster? The resources that some magics needed? Some grew under other types of relationships, like with devils, but even then. How was an unaffiliated human to get such attention in the first place?

Apparently, Joshua had done so on his own. That should have been their first clue, but they hadn't managed to piece things together just yet. They'd still thought little of the man.

That had changed quickly, however. When they'd traded advice and corrections, the man had given everyone a run for their money. He had lots of things to say about their work when they could barely offer scraps in comparison. When the attacks started, not only did he survive the very first one with no warning, but he consistently came out unscathed. If one were to believe what they saw and heard, Davis barely found the attacks annoying. What was worse, sometimes he even seemed to find them fun. As if they were an entertaining challenge and not a danger to his life.

That had certainly gotten their attention and, once the reports started being given, the associations'. However, Davis seemed to hold no interest in what they had to offer. The man, for whatever unfathomable reason seemed content to be on his own. They couldn't understand. If he'd gotten to where he was on his own, what could he do with their backing?

And yet, he didn't care for that.

At first, they'd thought he was just playing mind games with them. Waiting for them to offer more or something of the sort. Maybe being offered higher ranking, or better privileges, or even just some reward for joining. Several associations had sent people forward to see if they could decipher what he wanted. They would have given whatever it was for him to join, if they were honest. After all, the man already had the attention of several factions by himself.

However, that's when they all hit the wall that was the reality of it all.

Joshua Davis really didn't want to join the associations.

'The absolute madman,' Elliot couldn't help but think to himself as he looked at the man working in the same room as the rest of them. Most magicians were already finishing their projects, if they hadn't already and were just checking. Meanwhile, Davis continued improving his works.

Elliot was sure he was witnessing someone that would be important in the future. One of those names that you simply couldn't not know in the supernatural world. After all, no magician could just take a spell and tweak it as he pleased. Making modifications was a big deal. Some magicians asked their would-be apprentices to do a minor change to a circle. To raise in ranks inside an association you could custom a spell to a major degree.

And then there was Davis, who took apart spells like it was no big deal. It was like seeing someone look at a piece of art and simply… wave a hand, making the colors and shapes shift to whatever it was that he preferred them to be. Improving on things that had taken generations of magicians like it was nothing.

Elliot wondered if he'd tell his grandchildren in the future, that he'd worked with Joshua Davis. If someone had told him he'd think that at the start of it all, he'd have laughed in their faces. There he was though, quite sure that it would happen eventually.

He'd probably omit the part where he'd been sent to try and see if he could get an idea of how to make the man join his association. It had been for naught, a useless attempt, he realized almost instantly. Just like the rest of the associations that approached him, some Davis didn't even seem to register as attempts to recruit or test him. The man didn't seem to care about the associations at all.

It was madness, honestly.

"Joshua-sama," One of the youkai servants assigned to the magicians said. Everyone knew the yuki-onna was strictly Davis's attendant. If that didn't tell everyone who was the important one in the room, then nothing would. Not that they needed the blatant reminder to begin with, considering who sat next to him. "It's time for your break," The servant told the man, making him snap from his "trance", as the magicians started calling it.

"Can we see another illusion story, Joshua?" Kunou, the youkai leader's daughter, asked excitedly. Some of the magicians in the room twitched at that. What they wouldn't have given to just… have someone that important pay attention to them.

And then there was Davis, who had all the attention he could possibly want from people in very high places and… Did nothing. All that power, all those possibilities and yet, the man didn't use them. He simply sat there and humored the girl with a smile.

"No sense whatsoever," Someone said to Elliot's side.

He couldn't help but agree with that.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"Do you mind if I join you?" Someone asked, and when he turned, Joshua was met with Yasaka, standing there with her usual smile. There was something wrong though, he noticed quickly. He couldn't quite point out what it was, but he got the impression that she was doing her best to keep everything from looking different. Like she was putting effort into looking as she always did.

"Not at all," He replied easily, giving the woman a smile as he nodded towards an empty seat to their side. He would have gestured, but his hands were occupied keeping up with the illusion show he was orchestrating. He didn't really need to do that, but he found that moving his hands and fingers this or that way helped him keep his concentration on the spell.

"Mom," Kunou whispered, even though he'd basically paused the show. "We are on the last part of the story and it's awesome!" She continued excitedly, making an effort not to raise her voice for… reasons, he supposed. "They escaped from a bank on a dragon," She told her mother, her eyes practically shining.

"I'll have to see this story from the start one day," Yasaka commented, her smile regaining a little life as she looked at her daughter. Joshua could relate, Kunou was so adorable that she made even weariness go away. "Getting only the highlights is a little lackluster."

"Joshua, could we start from the beginning with mom one day?" Kunou asked then, turning her big, adorable eyes towards him. He shook his head amusedly.

"Sure we can. We'll just have to see when we can organize that," He answered, getting a cheer from the little girl.

With that out of the way, he started the story again. As it played out though, he kept an eye on Yasaka. Whenever Kunou wasn't looking, her smile would slip away and reveal how tired she looked. He wondered if she knew he could see her. Fortunately, it was just the three of them in the room. Well, and the servant that stood over in a corner, but their view was impeded by the illusions, so they were safe on that front. He didn't think the youkai leader would want people to see her like that.

Eventually though, the story ended.

"That was awesome," Kunou said, still awed even when the illusions were long gone. "Do you have other stories like that?" She asked excitedly.

"I have a few, yeah," He replied, already making a mental note to write some of them down so he wouldn't forget. "Now, you, young lady, have work to do," He pointed out with a raised eyebrow.

"Fine," She mumbled as she turned towards the notebook.

"We'll see what story we start later. Don't make that face," He told her with a roll of his eyes as he planted his hand on her head. The girl simply grumbled some more as she started going over her notes. "So, everything ok?" He asked, trying to keep his tone strictly curious as he addressed Yasaka.

"Everything is well, yes," She replied with a nod, her smile firmly in place. "Much quieter now that most magicians are going back to their associations."

"Nobody cared to stay, huh?" He asked with a wry smile. He wasn't surprised, really, but he was a little disappointed.

"They did what they were hired to do and only that. It's how the world works," The youkai leader answered. It made sense, of course, but it still felt wrong.

"It's not like you wouldn't have paid them for the extra work," He said, justifying his question and unvoiced opinion.

"Nobody wants to stand in the way of a Longinus, Joshua," Yasaka told him. "I honestly wonder why you do. To me and everyone else, you are the weird one."

"I guess I am," He mused. They had no idea how right they were, of course. Still, he'd captured Georg relatively easily, even if it had been because he was underestimated. It hadn't been the case with Annihilation Maker and he was still standing no trouble. He heard the woman sigh then and he blinked. Looking around, he noticed that the servant had left the room. "Again, everything ok?"

"Just tired," She answered, waving off his concern. "Dealing with the magicians, the associations and their payment took more than I thought out of me. That is all."

"So, you are taking your own break, huh?" Joshua asked, somewhat amused.

"I guess one could say that. I'll have to go back to working soon. Being a leader is a lot of work," She explained with a tired smile.

"I can imagine. Why do you think I prefer to avoid politics if I can?" He asked with a grin. Then he decided on something. "Now, how about I help you relax a little, yeah?" He asked, waving his hand and making an empty grass field and clear sky over them. The illusion was only for the two of them though, contrary to how the previous one had worked.

"That would be… appreciated," She said, looking around with a glint in her eye that reminded him of Kunou. "However, this is a little…"

"Empty?" He finished for her, still smiling widely. "I guess. But you get to fill this with whatever you want, just tell me."

"Hm," She hummed, her shoulders relaxing as she took in the sight before them. "Can you bring Kunou into the illusion? I know she's in the middle of classes but-" Before she finished, Joshua waved his hand and the girl appeared beside them.

"Huh?" Kunou voiced, confused.

"It seems your break is being extended. You can thank your mother," Joshua informed her, as she started looking around.

"What else, what else?" The youkai leader wondered out loud. "I guess some flowers would be…" She trailed off then, as every kind of flower Joshua could think of appeared all over the field. Her eyes started all but shining as her daughter looked around in awe. A grin spread over both of their faces and Joshua thought he could count that as a very well deserved victory.

After all the times she'd been there for him, this was the least he could do.

[}-o-{]​

"Honestly, Joshua, with all the things you've done helping here, teaching Kunou and the trouble you've had to deal with because of Khaos Brigade-," Yasaka started, looking at him like he was being an idiot. Which he supposed was fair, but completely uncalled for. "-letting you do other things besides working and teaching here is no problem at all. You should have said something before."

"Yeah, well, honestly? I'm prone to just… getting distracted with things and forgetting others if they aren't, you know, urgent," Joshua admitted, scratching the back of his head.

"I hadn't noticed," Jeanne commented sarcastically from the side, making him shoot her an unimpressed expression. "Are we going today?"

"Yeah, yeah, let's go. I wanna update the house's wards," He nodded, ignoring the teenager's roll of eyes. Joshua knew that was the least important part of their little trip, but it was a necessary one. Even if it seemed that they'd hardly visit their old house, it was still theirs, and he wanted to have it as well protected as he could manage. "And then we can see where we go, yeah?"

"Sounds about right," Jeane agreed easily.

"See you around. We should be back in around a week or so," Joshua said, looking at Kunou mostly, since he'd spoken about this with Yasaka already when asking if he could take some time away from Kyoto.

"You are coming back, right?" The little girl asked, looking down and poking the ground with her foot. "I'll have the homework you left done in no time so, you better come back quick."

"Well, we don't have many friends, so we could end up coming back earlier," Joshua said, making a smile appear on Kunou's face.

"Speak for yourself," Jeanne grumbled from the side, and now it was his turn to roll his eyes.

"You can visit your friends whenever you want. You've been on vacation ever since we came here, really. You are a terrible friend for not visiting sooner," Joshua pointed out, making his sister sputter indignantly.

"I'll have you know-"

"Anyway," Joshua interrupted, giving a grin to a giggling Konou and a clearly amused Yasaka. "I guess we better get on with it. The sooner we go, the sooner we can get stuff done to come back."

"I'll be waiting," Kunou told him shyly.

"See you soon," He waved, before the circle Serafall had helped him get installed flashed to life and Jeanne and him were teleported to the house. 'Hm, I should start working on that. That and a hundred more quality of life spells, I guess. Teleportation is a bit more necessary though, I guess.'

"Well, I guess we should get started, yeah?" Jeanne said as they took their first steps inside their house in a while. She looked subdued though, which… he understood, he supposed. Joshua found himself looking around the house, as if seeing it for the first time. "Feels different, right? Or is it just me?"

"Like it's emptier?" He asked, getting a smile from his sister.

"Yeah. It's weird, because I can't tell why it feels like that. It's not like it's quieter than the one at Kyoto or anything like that," She said, walking around as if searching for the reason for the feeling.

"We haven't been here in a while," Joshua commented. "And we've been mostly in Kyoto, going about our lives there. We don't have jobs here anymore, and anything we do here we could be doing back in Japan… So, it feels lacking… That's my guess, at least."

"Hm, makes sense," She mumbled. "It doesn't matter, I guess. We'll be leaving here for good after this trip, right?"

"Unless something pulls us back here, I don't see why we wouldn't," He said with a shrug. "So, you going to start getting our things ready? Setting the wards shouldn't take all that long."

"And then we visit Kuisha and the rest?"

"I'm pretty sure it's more Sairaorg's place than anything else, you know," Joshua pointed out with a half-smile.

"Same thing. As if she didn't have to take care of most things while he trains," Jeanne waved off easily, to which he rolled his eyes. He had it on good authority that Bael wasn't like that… much, at least. Friend or not, Joshua would admit that the devil had his training maniac moments. "Are we gonna visit Rias and Sona?" She asked then, turning towards him curiously from where she'd been checking a drawer.

"Kiba, you mean?" He asked, chuckling while she sputtered denials. "We should visit them, yeah. I never got to finish with the wards there. I want to add a few layers."

"You know, not everything is about wards in life."

"I don't know what you are talking about," Joshua commented with a grin. In all honesty, he wanted to set those wards for much more than that. He'd probably already sent ripples through the entirety of the plot, so he'd feel better if he could at least cover some bases, like having Kuoh better guarded, if not protected.

Freed had been taken out before he could even become a problem, but that meant that the Fallen Angels might behave differently from canon with just that. On top of it all, he'd gotten in the way of Khaos Brigade in several instances, which would probably affect things everywhere in the world. 'Besides,' He mused as he started making his way to where he'd set the wards to start making the changes he needed and adding some other defenses. 'Half the reason Serafall is so friendly is probably because of Sona, so I gotta keep her safe for that, if nothing else.'

Honestly, more than a break, it felt like he'd left to do even more work.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Eh… I don't have much to say today. I'm quite content with how this chapter turned out.

Well, as you see, we'll be seeing some characters that were sort of pushed to the side in this youkai arc or however you guys wanna call it. The devils, mostly, since those were basically the only ones Joshua interacted with before the youkai. There's the church too, but who cares about them, right?

Anyway, hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What's the last fic you read before this? Last one I read was actually re-reading "How far I'll carry you".

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 309 others
Adrian King
Jul 9, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 50 - Take A Long Look Around New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#210
Take A Long Look Around

"Your magic's gotten better," Sairaorg commented, drinking from a water bottle. Meanwhile, the rest of his peerage laid on the ground around the training area with Jeanne and Joshua included. "You've been slacking off on your physical training though."

"I mean," Joshua breathed out, trying to recover. "I didn't exactly have the time for that. Between the job and teaching. I've started working out again lately though."

"Eh, all I'm hearing are excuses," The Bael pointed out, earning a chuckle from the human. Meanwhile, Joshua groaned as he pushed himself to his feet. "So, you aren't sticking around?"

"Not really. But if you want a job done, I could make some time," The human answered, cracking his neck and taking a water bottle from his storage spell. "The youkai job is as done as it'll be for the foreseeable future, at least."

"Hm, well, if you have anything to update the spells you've set down, it'd be nice," Sairaorg commented, to which Joshua nodded. That made sense. They'd already talked about that back in the day, after all.

"I can do that, yeah. I might need to do it on different days and such, but I'm getting better. Should take less time than it did before. Besides, most of the work is already laid there. I can just add new stuff," Joshua mused out loud as he considered that.

"Coming up with something to pay you with will be hard," Sairaorg commented, getting a wry smile from the human.

"Actually, I have something, for once," He said, taking the devil off guard. "Say, you haven't seen anything regarding Khaos Brigade, right?"

"A few incidents here and there since we cleaned house and you set the wards. Minor things though, and it's been a while. I can have a report given to you about that, if you want. It's really not that much," The devil told him, a slight frown forming on his face as he turned serious.

"Hm, that'd be nice. Depending on what I see on that, I might have a few things to ask of you," Joshua said, deep in thought.

"Well, considering how good you are at your job, I'm underpaying you. Anything you want, just say the word," Sairaorg commented with a grin, hitting the human's back with his open hand. Joshua almost fell to the ground just with that, considering how tired he was from the training. The devil was really in his own league when it came to working out.

"Well, that's nice to know," Joshua mused before making his way to a bench on the side. Meanwhile, the rest of the people seemed to be getting back their energy enough to start standing up. "So, you guys want to have dinner at our place? It'll probably be a while before we come back to the house in a while so…" He trailed off. He guessed he could invite them to the house at Kyoto, after asking Yasaka of course, but that sounded like a good excuse to have friends over.

"Of course," Corianna called, almost seeming to get her energy back through pure enthusiasm. "A meal prepared by the one and only Joshua Davis? Sign me up. How many souls do I have to pay for that? Ladora doesn't use his, you can take it!"

"Wait, what?"

"No souls necessary, but if you could take care of buying the ingredients, I'll cook," Joshua offered, amused by her antics.

"We could help too, you know?" Kuisha offered, dragging her feet to take the seat next to him. "We aren't as good as you, but I'm sure we can do something. It can't be easy to cook for so many people."

"Well, I wouldn't say no to having a few more hands around, I guess," Joshua agreed, because he knew by then that the devil would be insisting for a good while before giving up. He didn't feel like dealing with all that. Besides, by the way she beamed at him, he guessed it was better to just let them help out.

"Great," Kuisha replied, grinning at him and bringing a hand up to push aside a lock of hair that fell in front of her face. "So, what do we need to buy?"

"Hm, I'll think over what I want to prepare and I'll give you guys a list before we go home," Joshua told her. "So, what did we miss? I know Jeanne's been talking with you girls, but I haven't heard much since we went to that job in Kyoto."

"Well," Sairaorg started, joining the conversation again. "As I told you, we've been dealing with anything your wards pick up. Mostly Khaos Brigade, but there were a couple of Stray Devils too and a handful of other monsters. Nothing too bad, mostly annoyances."

"Oh, oh! One of the monsters gave Misteeta a scar in-"

"We-" The mage interrupted loudly, shooting his fellow bishop a withering glare. "-agreed not to talk about that," He finished, eyebrow twitching.

Both Corianna and Jeanne broke out in giggles, which made Joshua think that his sister already knew about that. Judging by Misteeta's defeated look, he realized the same thing too. Joshua could only give him a commiserating look.

"If it makes you feel better, man," The human started giving him a wry smile before looking towards the pair of blonds. "I'm sure they gossip about me too."

"And everyone else," Corianna added shamelessly. "Like Kuisha, who-"

"Cori," Was the only thing the Queen said, making the woman's mouth click shut instantly.

"Well, resident gossiper aside, anything else?" Joshua asked, rolling with things as he'd grown used to doing.

"Nothing much. We've been training a little harder than normal," Sairaorg told him, making Joshua wonder how that was even possible. As it was, he'd already been surprised by how much the group worked out, even compared to his own training. Then again, knowing what he did about them now that he had his memories unlocked… He guessed it made some sense. "Gotta prepare for something. Other than that, nothing, really. What about you?"

He was probably talking about the Young Devil Meeting, or whatever it was called.

"Well, I can tell you more about my cute little student, I guess," Joshua mused, grinning at the devils.

[}-o-{]​

"You didn't have to leave Kyoto to come here, Joshua," Sona said, for what seemed like the hundredth time. He could only roll his eyes as he went about finishing the current set of wards he was placing down. The Sitri had been saying similar things ever since he'd arrived, despite the fact that he'd sent word ahead of time and all.

"Sona, it's fine," Joshua reassured once again. "Kyoto's job is taking longer than usual, so I thought I'd come here and at least finish setting some basic wards. I'll do the complete thing once I'm finished over there," He explained as he set yet another ward. "Also, I could add some shields and such if you want me to."

"Joshua," Rias started, sounding amused and annoyed at the same time. "We have trouble coming up with something to pay you with as it is. What would we do if you do even more?"

"Well, I don't know how much it would be worth, but Jeanne and I were thinking about setting up a cafe somewhere. I liked working in one, even if I would have preferred having less hours," Joshua told them. This was an idea that had been in the making since before he regained his memories. That change, though, had made him consider doing so in Kuoh instead of in Kyoto or anywhere else even more.

Kuoh was a dangerous place plotwise, yes, but with all the changes he'd caused he could have doomed the two devils. If anything happened to them… it could end badly for everyone. Besides, he'd have felt responsible for that too, so there was that too, of course.

"Oh?" Rias voiced as his comment seemed to pick up both of their interests.

"That could be arranged," Sona said, and he could practically see the gears turning in her head. "We could set the whole thing up, even get employees so that you can have less working hours than normal. You'd have the final say in everything, of course."

"Well, I'd certainly appreciate that. Would that be a good enough payment?" He asked, aware that it was very amusing the fact that he was the one offering his services having no idea how much they were worth. Honestly, he knew he could live comfortably setting up wards for people and that was as much as he needed to know. He didn't need to be filthy rich or anything, just comfortable which he was.

"It wouldn't be for most people," Sona admitted, giving him a wry smile that looked mildly uncomfortable. "But if that's as much as we can do at the moment, we'll just be in your debt."

"We can just scratch the rest of it. Honestly, we all know I didn't take this job for the pay," Joshua commented, getting grimaces from both of them. "Don't worry too much about that either. It's what it is," He reassured them.

One good thing about his memories coming back was that he knew that Serafall and Sirzechs most probably wouldn't have reacted badly to him not accepting the job for Rias and Sona. It didn't mean much when he'd already agreed, but it did make the whole situation less tense and uncomfortable. That was good enough for Joshua, really.

"Still, we want to do things on our own merit," Rias insisted, getting an agreeing nod from her fellow King. "So, we'd like to avoid having our families' influence affecting what we do."

"Hm, well, I can't say they were completely out of my mind when I accepted this," Joshua admitted, getting a grimace from both girls. "But I can tell you that they aren't the reason I'm settling for what seems to be a lower than expected price," He added. Now that seemed to really get their attention. "I just don't care for riches or anything of the sort. I don't have anything that I want that much either. I just… I like doing my job, and I get enough from it to apparently never need to actually work ever again. So… yeah, I don't mind settling for a lower payment."

There was silence after that, as he continued working. Occasionally stopping or slowing down when Morag tugged at his hair. The spider was, apparently, another student of his. She was very interested in wards, and he suspected that the arachnid wanted to set up some of her own using her webs as circles. It was an interesting idea and definitely something that he wanted to discuss with her.

It was also, however, something that would probably take a long time. More time than he had for the foreseeable future, that was for sure. Thus, he'd leave her to watch while he worked. They could do some actual studying and such once he had more free time.

"You are a weird human, Joshua Davis," Sona commented and he chuckled to himself.

"Yeah, I guess I am," He agreed easily. Honestly, what ground did he have to stand on if he tried to deny it? However he looked at it, he was far from normal, it seemed.

"I'm suddenly understanding why my sister says that dealing with you is annoyingly difficult," Sona told him, which made him laugh again. He didn't know why people thought it was so troublesome. He'd have expected it to be a good thing for others that he usually settled for lower prices. Apparently, he'd been wrong.

Then again, the supernatural world was pretty weird too.

'Guess I fit right in with this crazy bunch, huh?' Joshua thought to himself, grinning as he continued working. There were many wards to set yet and he wanted to make some time to visit Kyoto again. He was missing his adorable little student already.

[}-o-{]​

"You missed me, right?" Kunou asked, bouncing on her feet next to him as they walked through the halls. "You missed me. Accept it!" She demanded pointing at him with her little finger and grinning widely.

"Of course I did, little one," He replied, smiling contently. Being back in Kyoto was nice. It almost felt like home, realized. Not quite yet, but then again, nothing had really, truly felt like home since… Well, nothing had felt like home in quite a while. Things were looking up though, of that he was sure.

"I'm not little," Kunou protested, in a mini-tantrum that didn't help her at all.

"Of course you aren't," He agreed easily again, almost laughing at the way her pout got worse instead of better. His adorable little student was just too much sometimes.

"Stop being mean, Joshua!" She whined, pouting as she looked away from him. "I missed you, you know?" She mumbled, and he almost didn't catch it. Next to him, Cheshire gave him a chiding meow, to which he rolled his eyes.

"Come on," Joshua said, planting a hand on the girl's head and ruffling her hair. For once, the action didn't elicit a complaint. "Let's go do something fun. How about we play a game? Or we can make a story with the cards, or I can show you another story. How does that sound?"

"Fine," She accepted, as if she were just humoring him. "But you have to make snacks," She demanded then, pointing her little finger at him and making him laugh.

"Sure, that works for me," He agreed easily. "I guess we have to go over your homework later, right? And I should work a little, so the week isn't a complete vacation," He continued. Vacation from the Kyoto job, that is, since he'd already been working with the devils on other projects.

"Ah… we could leave that for when you come back for real, right?" Kunou tried, he'd give her that. Joshua was no fool though and simply raised an eyebrow at her. "I… may have gotten a little distracted working on my circles," She admitted then, poking her fingers together shyly.

"Honestly, why'd you have to go and pick up my bad habits," Joshua lamented with a shake of his head. "Ok, you can work on that while I work on my stuff, I guess. I wanna see what you've been doing though. That wasn't another lie though, was it? Have you been lazy while I was away?" He asked, narrowing his eyes at her.

"No! I was really working on those, I'll show you," She denied almost instantly, shaking her hands for emphasis.

"Hmm, we'll have to see."

"Welcome back, Joshua-sama," Fuyuko greeted them once they entered what was probably their own personal classroom. Now that the rest of the magicians were gone, it'd probably remain just a thing for the two of them, Joshua supposed.

"Fuyuko, it's nice to see you," He greeted back with a smile.

"I'll have some tea ready for you and Kunou-sama soon. If you'd excuse me?" The yuki-onna said then, bowing a little.

"Don't bow, Fuyuko. And yeah, I'd appreciate that."

"I'll be right back, Joshua-sama."

"I'm never gonna get used to that," Joshua mumbled to himself when the attendant was gone.

"It's stupid," Kunou grumbled next to him.

"It is," He agreed easily with a nod. "But that's how things are, I guess."

When they took their seats at the table though, Kunou remained silent. She didn't call for a servant to fetch her books and circles and such. She didn't ask Joshua any questions about where he'd been or what he'd done. She didn't even demand they get started with something from their list of games or stories.

"I really missed you," Kunou mumbled again then.

"I know," Joshua replied, sighing as he let his head fall back a little and considered what to say. Except, his little student beat him to that, apparently.

"You said you wouldn't be leaving," She said, barely above a whisper. "You said you'd only leave for a day or so," She added. Joshua remembered that conversation, and while he was pretty sure he hadn't said it'd be only one day, he wasn't about to point that out. It wasn't really the problem in the first place.

"I know, but you do know that Jeanne and I will be traveling a whole lot, right?" Joshua told her in turn. "I thought you were speaking about Christmas. The two of us will be visiting places and such. I'd invite you but… I doubt your mother would agree to that. It's not really safe out there, especially for you and especially now."

"I hate it," Kunou grumbled under her breath, not once looking up from her lap. Her little hands clenched into fists out of frustration as she glared at them.

"I know you do," Joshua replied, smiling sadly at the child. He could take a guess at how it felt, being inside all the time and not being allowed to leave. She could barely move around Kyoto as it was. For a child, that must be hard. "You know how Jeanne and I will be traveling in the future?" He asked then, an idea forming in his mind. Although, he was unsure if it would be a good one.

"Yes," Kunou answered, sniffing sadly and Joshua could only hope she wouldn't start crying. He didn't know what he'd do if she did.

"Well, how about this? Whenever we travel, I'll show you everything we see with illusions. How does that sound?" He suggested, and he was glad to see the interest that appeared on the child's face.

"I'll be able to see it all?" Kunou asked, more curious than angry or sad. "And you'll bring presents?"

He chuckled.

"Of course I'll bring presents. What do you take me for?" He asked with a grin, placing his hand on her head and ruffling her hair. This time, she at least gave a token resistance, if nothing else.

"And you'll get me a Christmas present?" She asked then, but he saw what she did there, the little sly thing.

"I don't know, will I?"

"Joshuaaaaaaa!"

[}-o-{]​

"To think there'd come a day when I'd miss this place," Joshua mused, sitting against a tree facing the Hunter's House. His hand slowly moved, his finger tracing the scales on top of Nagini's head. On one shoulder was Margalo while on the other sat Morag. Cheshire, meanwhile, was sitting next to him, idly licking one of her legs.

Jeanne wasn't present at the moment, too busy going over the stuff she wanted to leave there and the stuff she definitely, totally needed to take to Kyoto. She'd been at that all week though, so Joshua had decided to just leave her to it. It was much better for his mental health than getting involved in that madness.

Cheshire meowed something at him and he chuckled.

"Yeah, well, you gotta admit that I have a set of rather… unhappy memories of this place, even if it is where we found Nagini and Morag," He said with a grin as the serpent hisses something half-heartedly, too busy enjoying the feeling of his fingers on her head. Morag did give his hair an affectionate pull, to which he leaned his head against her in response. "I guess this counts as the place where we found Margalo too, huh?" He mused, almost distractedly. The little bird gave a happy chirp at that, rubbing her head against the side of his neck.

Then, as it usually would happen lately, Joshua's mind drifted. This time not to wards, or spells, or his family, or his friends. Instead, he found himself thinking of the future. He didn't have the clearest picture of the DxD plot, really, and that was without a whole year to muddle his memories even more. It was difficult to focus on plot when the story made it so fucking annoying to read with stupidity being thrown around like it was nobody's business…

Joshua sighed.

He knew one thing though. There was danger in the future. In the near future if his guess was right. Canon timeline was bound to start in a few months and he was far from ready for that. Hiding away in his wards wouldn't help protect him if Trihexa rampaged through the world. Or the dragons that would be brought back to life. Or any of the other crazy shit that happened in DxD.

He might not know what the future awaited him in detail, but he could prepare. He was a warder, after all, preparing was what he was good for. At that moment, his thoughts were interrupted by Cheshire pressing her head against his side.

Joshua smiled down at her.

"Guess we'll have to work harder in the future, huh?" He mused, receiving some positive affirmations from his familiars. "We'll make it through in this crazy world, I'm sure."

[Skill Maxed: Bond: Cheshire]

[Skill Maxed: Bond: Nagini]

He blinked at the sudden screens. He only had a split second to notice that before he felt his magic energy being pulled in three directions in a very familiar manner. This time though, he was better prepared. Mustering as much focus as he could, he activated a specific Draining Ward he'd set in case of another evolution. Last thing he wanted was for his own familiars to kill him by absorbing all the energy he had in him.

After that was done, he was free to focus on his two currently growing familiars and the pull of the Charm. Cheshire had already shifted from her cat form to lynx and was now growing bigger and bigger with no sign of stopping. Nagini did much the same, growing to a ridiculous size.

There was much more than that though, from both of them.

He'd always likened magic energy with electricity inside the body, but that was nothing compared to what he felt as his magic flooded towards Cheshire. The feline's mana snapped all around inside her body, bouncing within the confines of her form, unable to stay even remotely still. It only seemed to grow faster and stronger as the evolution happened. Joshua would have felt worried if he weren't able to feel that his familiar was better than alright with what was happening.

On his other side, Nagini coiled around herself, her head remaining firmly in place on his lap. Her energy was almost the opposite of Cheshires, he noticed. It mimicked her body, seemingly gathering and tightening on itself. He got a vague feeling from it, just like the electric feel of Cheshire's, this one felt menacing. As if it were readying an attack against him- No, against anything, anything but him. It waited, ready to snap at the first target that it could.

Joshua's mind struggled to remain aware, the only things that it could process being Cheshire, Nagini and all their energies. He could barely see how their bodies changed, but as the process started slowing down, reaching an end, he could focus more.

And he was in awe.

Nagini now looked like a proper monster, as if she had come straight out of a Anaconda movie. Her skin the blackest of colors and her eyes already very entrancing before became even more enchantingly yellow. He almost felt like he couldn't look away from them.

Cheshire, his first familiar, wasn't far behind. She looked positively majestic. She preened at the thought, proud and- 'And I can feel their thoughts,' Joshua realized, both of theirs. Their contentment and their pride. 'That's gonna be weird.'

"You look beautiful, girl, both of you do," He mumbled, his left hand brought up to his feline familiar who looked like she'd tower over him if she were to stand. Her white fur now showing black stripes all over. Grinning from ear to ear, he cast Appraisal on her.

[Cheshire

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Thunder Tiger

Gender: Female

Strength: C

Speed: C+

Dexterity: C+

Vitality: C

Perception: C+

Magic: C

Perks: 5

Skills: 7]

He dismissed the screen quickly though, he'd much prefer to look at his familiars than screens. Curiosity got the best of him though, because he quickly searched for a little detail he'd noticed besides the racial change. She seemed to have an extra Perk, after all.

He noticed two changes instead of one though.

[Lesser Shapeshifting

The user can change their body within restricted forms.

List of Shapes:

-Cat

-Lynx

-Tiger]

'Huh, that'll come in even more handy now, I guess,' He mused, before focusing on the true change.

[Thunder Affinity

The user has an easier time manipulating energies related to thunder.]

'Guess we know what to work on, huh, girl?' He thought and he was pretty sure that she understood him, without even needing words. It was weird, how the new… Bond, worked, but it was incredibly awing all the same.

His eyes trailed off towards Nagini then.

[Nagini

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Hex Snake

Gender: Female

Strength: C+

Speed: C

Dexterity: C

Vitality: C

Perception: C

Magic: C

Perks: 4

Skills: 7]

'Hex, huh? I doubt that has anything to do with the magic branch though…' Once again, he didn't dwell on the screen too much. He noticed that there was no added Perk though, which in itself was suspicious, he supposed. He was no expert on evolution, of course, but he was curious nevertheless.

Indeed, there was one change to note.

[Eyes of Disarray

The user can disrupt the energies of targets with their gaze.]

'The description is the same, but I'm guessing it's much more effective or something,' Joshua mused, sending the screen away.

"I can't leave you alone for two minutes, can I?" Jeanne's voice reached him then and he gave his sister a tired smile. Ward and all, his familiars had still managed to drain him of all his magic energy. He'd overlooked the possibility of two of them hitting him at once. 'I'll cover even in case all four of them do it for next time,' He decided, receiving an apologetic wave from both familiars.

"I guess we like to keep you on your toes," Joshua commented with a smirk, amusement reaching him from his two now evolved familiars. 'Definitely gonna need some getting used to.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Welp, I'm sure people were just waiting for this to happen again. Was it too much? Was it too little? Let me know what you think, yeah?

We've also gotten a look at people we haven't seen in a while too, which has been nice. I'm definitely not gonna push these characters to the side this much again. At least not for a while.

And of course I couldn't have a chapter without Kunou even when she wasn't supposed to be there. She's the true MC here.

Random Question: Do you have a favorite part in this chapter?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Madpoppy, Asdercol, VividLearner744 and 310 others
Adrian King
Jul 9, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 51 - So Far From Home
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#214
So Far From Home

"Woah!" Serafall exclaimed exaggeratedly as she circled Cheshire in her tiger form. Joshua was pretty sure the Satan had probably seen much more impressive stuff in her life, or weirder, or both but he appreciated it nevertheless. He'd admit that he was still in awe of it himself, honestly. "What are you feeding your familiars, Joshua?"

"Lots and lots of food," He answered with a chuckle. "And training too."

"No wonder you called to have the teleportation circles checked," Serafall commented then, skipping back towards where he stood. "Is little Margalo gonna change too? Because that could affect the show, you know?" She asked with a level of seriousness that had Joshua blinking momentarily.

"She probably will, although I don't have an exact date," Joshua replied. The little bird was sitting at an E+ rank, so that meant she'd still had to go through to and past D- to evolve. On the other hand, she'd been sitting at Bond level 24 for a while already. It was difficult to tell, since it seemed that evolving took a bit of both things. For all he knew, it could actually be neither.

"Hmmmmmmmmm," She hummed exaggeratedly, narrowing her eyes at the bird. Margalo, the poor little thing, could only look at her, chirping worriedly. "I guess we'll see what happens," The Satan decided, pouting in a way that completely undermined her serious tone.

"If it comes to it, the changes could be hidden with illusions," Joshua suggested, because there was no way he'd let Margalo's wish be screwed over by her evolution. It was supposed to be an all around good thing, after all.

"Are you offering?" Serafall asked, batting her eyes at him and he had to blink again.

"I mean, I'm sure you must have people that can do illusions for the show, right?" He replied slowly. How had it turned into him… 'Oh… She wants to drag me to the show to join? Why the persistence?' He wondered to himself.

"Of course we do, but they have their jobs, Joshua," Serafall answered, grinning all the while. She knew her arguments weren't good enough. Then again, Joshua and Margalo were the ones that were making a request, even if the Satan had been all for it when they'd given her the idea.

"I gotta say yes to that, don't I?" Joshua asked, deflating as he spoke.

"Don't look so down, Joshua!" Serafall exclaimed. "We'll have so much fun. Maybe we can get you to join too!"

"I doubt that."

"Do you?" Jeanne asked from his side, looking entirely too amused by the situation. The absolute traitor. "Because I'm not so sure all of a sudden."

"See! Gin-tan agrees!" Serafall beamed, even as Jeanne twitched at the nickname.

"Guess we'll have to see," Joshua said noncommittally.

"Leviathan-sama, the adjustments have been finished," Announced one of the devils that Serafall had called to adapt the teleportation spell. Joshua had already forgotten his name, he realized awkwardly. Good thing he probably wouldn't have to address the guy.

Joshua had actually been studying the Teleportation Spell from his Spatial Magic books to try to do that himself. Unfortunately, he'd run into a bit of a problem while preparing to set the new thing up himself.

[Teleportation Spell - Lvl 1/50

A Spatial Spell which the user can cast to make a target appear somewhere else.

The user can teleport one target.

Consumption with circle – C to ∞

Consumption without circle – A to ∞]

The spell was entirely too energy consuming for him at the moment to cast all the times he'd need to in order to get his whole family to Kyoto. Getting just himself there would probably leave him exhausted. After all, C was the initial consumption. It'd require more if he had to move far and Kyoto wasn't precisely close by, sadly.

So, he'd at least have to get the ability to teleport all six of them at once before even considering using the spell.

He could probably draw the circle regardless of the limitation. Making those modifications wouldn't be too difficult, but the issue of the magic power was still there, sadly.

"Good, let's go!" The Satan exclaimed, suddenly very excited for some reason. 'She's coming with-' Joshua's thoughts were interrupted by the "magical girl" grabbing his arm and dragging him to the circle. '-us?' He finished wryly. "Aaaaaand, we are here!" She said as the circle activated and moved them back to Kyoto.

Joshua blinked once, and then twice, and then thrice. Next to him, Jeanne facepalmed. He felt Cheshire and Nagini sigh through their link. He didn't know why they reacted like that though, this was great.

"You like it?" Serafall asked, looking quite proud of herself. "You thought I'd actually dismissed your idea? Puh-lease," The Satan said, rolling her eyes at him before skipping around the room that was now filled with books. "Ah, we didn't mean to invade your place or anything though," She added quickly as he continued looking around. "We asked Gin-tan and Yasaka-"

"You said you'd get a few books, not a complete library," Jeanne pointed out, pouting all the while. "I'm gonna lose my brother for months with all these books."

"I'll try not to be that bad," Joshua said, a half-smile on his face. "Thank you, Serafall. All this is information on the supernatural?"

"Yep," The woman nodded, still beaming. "I even asked Ajuka for help to repay you for his blunder. We put extra effort on making sure there would be some that would be especially good for warding."

"I could kiss you, Serafall," Joshua blurted out, looking around with his eyes all but shining. He couldn't wait to start studying them. What would his wards be like after having all that information available? What would they be like after he'd read all that? God, he couldn't wait to start.

"My, so bold, Joshua," The Satan said, jokingly fanning herself with her hand. "I'll have to say no though. Imagine the scandal there would be in the Underworld! No no, we can't have that."

He rolled his eyes at her.

"Still, thanks," He repeated. "If you ever need anything, give me a call. If this is the kind of payment I can expect, I'll be glad to help. Although… I don't know where we are gonna put all this…"

"That's easy," Serafall waved off. "We can do some changes to the house if you'd like."

He was suddenly reminded of what had happened to Issei's house in canon. Yeah, that made sense.

"Sure, that'd be great. How much can I expect to have to pay for that?"

"Pay, oh no. No no no," The Satan denied instantly, waving her index finger from side to side for emphasis. "No paying. I'm trying to pay you back for all the work and the help you've given us, Joshua. You can't just try to ruin all that, you know?"

"I guess," He replied wryly. "Well, how are we gonna do this then?"

"Let me worry about that. I'll talk to some architects and then you can do so too. You can turn this into the perfect place for you. Go wild," The Satan told him. Joshua suspected that his version of going wild would be very different from Serafall's. Regardless, he was kinda looking forward to it already.

[}-o-{]​

"Good job," Joshua praised, placing a hand on top of Kunou's head. "You did much better than I thought. You've been reading, huh?" He mused as he continued looking through the girl's homework. She'd even written down things they hadn't covered in any classes.

"I read through some of the books you left for me," She said before looking down with a smile. "It might have been because I was working on my projects though," She admitted, sounding proud nevertheless.

"So long as you learn," He waved off. "How are those circles going, by the way?" He asked, settling down where he sat and listening as she explained her work to him. She was doing very well, it seemed.

"Don't you think it'd be better to show him, Kunou?" A new voice, Yasaka, said from the side. The little girl blinked owlishly at her mother before she processed the suggestion.

"You are right! Be right back," She exclaimed hastily as she left.

"You don't have to humor her if you aren't feeling well, you know?" Yasaka said once she was gone and Joshua gave a weak chuckle as he took a sip from his tea.

"She's nice to have around, honestly. She keeps me distracted, it seems," He replied with a shrug. "And I can't hide anything from you, huh?" He added with a sad smile.

"I'm guessing you'll be leaving again soon?" The youkai leader asked curiously.

"Probably just for a day this time. Maybe even less than that," He mused for a moment. "I do have to make a stop that will probably be a little… time consuming."

"I see," Yasaka replied simply, seemingly very relaxed. Joshua was pretty sure she was scrutinizing him under her life sensing though. "Kunou will be glad that you won't be gone for long then. She was quite upset during your time away."

"I'm sorry for that," He said, running his fingers through his hair as he pushed it back. 'Hm, I might need to start tying it back or something,' He mused idly. It was starting to get more and more bothersome. "I'll try not to leave too much but-"

"Joshua," Yasak interrupted, sounding amused. "I get it. You have things to do and places to go. I'm not asking you to stop all that to humor my daughter. It's great that she looks up to you and that you care so much, but I can't ask you to put everything aside for her."

"I know that, I just…" Joshua started before trailing off, failing to find the words to explain himself. "I guess I've grown fond of the little one," He said in the end, although that didn't quite encompass all of it. "I hate seeing her upset."

"I get it," Yasaka nodded, giving him an understanding look. "If you need anything, you know we are here for you, right?" She asked then, somewhat catching him off guard.

"I know," He said then, even if both of them knew he hadn't. "I appreciate it," He added, more truthfully. "I think I might owe you when all is said and done."

"I wouldn't be so sure. I'm dreading the moment you finish your defense settings. If dealing with the associations and other factions was stressful, I don't know what I'll do when it comes to paying you," Yasaka lamented, although he could see a corner of her mouth twitching up. "Especially with your supremely infuriating negotiation habits."

"You mean, leaving it to you?" He asked, amused.

"Yes," She nodded. "Do you have any idea what that's like for the other side? It might look like it simplifies our jobs, but it just makes it harder. If we give someone what they want in return for a job, that's fine. But if it comes out that we underpaid you for your services when you didn't ask for anything in particular, it can negatively hit our reputation."

Huh, he hadn't considered that. Was that how it worked? That sounded… weird.

"Well, we've talked about my desire to delve into hex magic. I'm sure I can come up with a list of materials that I'll need for that. Would that help?" He offered, unsure and slightly apologetic.

"That'd be appreciated," Yasaka replied with a kind smile. "I'm sure other people would too, if you were to make their jobs easier," She added, her expression turning the smallest bit teasing.

"I, uh, maybe," He admitted. It seemed like he owed an apology to some people. And he'd have to give more thought to how he dealt with his future jobs. Even if he didn't care for payments and such all that much, he didn't want to inconvenience others. That'd look bad on him, make others hesitant to approach him, maybe?

'Which I guess is kind of how it's been for others, huh?' He mused, amused by the irony. Still, he could barely see the logic in that as it was. Then again, he was in DxD, he shouldn't expect things to make too much sense, he supposed.

"Here!" Announced Kunou as she appeared back in the room and shoved her circles on the table for Joshua to look at. Immediately, she started rambling on about them, which helped him push aside other thoughts for the moment.

[}-o-{]​

"You sure you want us here, Josh?" Jeanne asked softly, her voice barely above a whisper.

"Of course," He nodded, his expression oddly calm, all things considered. "You are my family now," He added, a sad smile forming on his face. "I would like a moment by myself though, if you don't mind," He added, his hand running through Cheshire's fur. He wasn't very sure why the feline had insisted on being in her tiger form, but that was fine. He'd already had to put up an illusion for Nagini anyway.

"Of course, we'll stay here until you are ready," Jeanne assured him.

For a long moment he stood where he was before taking a deep breath in and actually stepping forward. He didn't go far, but he was far enough that the others couldn't hear him anymore. He still threw on an illusion to mask sound just in case. He wanted privacy at the moment.

"I… I don't even know how to start," Joshua said then, receiving only silence as a response. "I didn't even know if coming here was a good idea… after all, you are not my parents, are you?" He asked sadly. "I wonder if you'd have wanted me to come here sooner or not at all," He continued as he crouched in front of the gravestones. "I just… couldn't do it, I guess."

He'd wondered what to do for this day for quite a while. It was one year since the accident and he'd wanted to do something. Sighing, he sat on the ground, legs crossed as he regarded the pieces of rock that had his parents' names engraved.

"I wonder if your Joshua is in my world right now. I hope so," He mused out loud. "Things are probably going well for him over there, I'm sure. I… didn't come here to talk to you though. I'm sorry if that sounds rude or anything but I can't… I wanted to have a way to talk to my parents, I guess. God, this is all sorts of weird," He said, bringing a hand up to run through his hair.

Something that he couldn't do, since he'd finally tied it back. 'Will have to get used to that, I guess,' He thought to himself, as he instead massaged his eyelids.

"I… I miss you," He said eventually, because he'd been waiting to do that since forever, or so it felt. "I miss you a whole lot," He continued, feeling his throat grow tight. "But… But I think you'd be happy for me, proud even… I wish I could know for sure, but I guess that's never gonna happen."

The gravestones remained silent, but Joshua found that just… saying what he'd been thinking over the last year helped. It was almost like he was actually talking to them, in a way. Not quite, but this was the best he'd get, he supposed.

"You've finally got that daughter you wanted, guys," He mused with a slight smile as he turned to look at Jeanne, who was standing patiently with his familiars off to the side. "Jeanne is great. I think you guys would have loved her," He continued, taking a deep breath in to calm himself a little. "You'd probably have a ton of advice to give me about her… and a lot of things, I guess… I wish I could get it."

"Anyway," Joshua kept on, before he could lose his nerve. "The rest of the family is kinda weird, huh? Wonder how much you'd freak out with them. At least Cheshire and Margalo are kinda normal and harmless looking… sometimes. Morag would have won you over though, I'm sure. Nagini… well, that one would probably take some time, I guess."

He paused after that. It felt like every word was taking a weight off of him. It was good but, at the same time, it left an empty feeling in him. It made the whole thing even more real, in a way, making the loss all the more prominent.

"I wonder how things are going over there," He said, leaning back and resting on the palm of his hands. He looked up at the sky, almost being able to imagine they were right there with him and that it was just pieces of stone. "Are you doing well? Did dad pick up another project and annoy you to no end, mum? Is mum still throwing her little tantrums whenever she gets angry, dad? Is… Are things the same? Did something change? I want to know."

Tears pooled in his eyes and he blinked rapidly. A lonely drop fell down his cheek, but he didn't bother with it.

"I'm…" Joshua started, before gulping down a knot on his throat and continuing. "I'm doing better. I'm doing well. I have friends, a new family, I have a job that I love. I'll probably have another soon, if I get the cafe thing going," He told them, a bitter smile on his face. "God, I wish you could see me. I wish I could have been like this when you could see me. I wish I could have been less of a failure and a nuisance… But I guess it is what it is."

"Is the other Joshua there?" He asked, knowing there'd be only silence as a response. "If not… are you right here, talking to me like I am to you? That's… a somewhat comforting thought, I think."

Joshua looked at the gravestones once more for a long moment, taking in the names before closing his eyes.

"I love you."

"I'm proud of you."

"I promise I'll do my best to make you both proud," He said before chuckling to himself. "I guess I've made everyone wait for long enough, right? Time to introduce one of my families to the other," He added, raising a hand, dispelling the illusion around him and calling over Jeanne.

"Thanks for coming," Joshua told them all as they approached the gravestones.

"No, Joshua, thank you," Jeanne responded in everyone's stead.

Funnily enough, he didn't even know what she was thanking him for.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua wondered what Jeanne wanted to tell his parents in private.

He'd been asked to stand to the side when they'd been about to leave. He had a feeling he had an idea of what his sister wanted, but he couldn't help but be curious still. 'Is this how she felt?' He wondered idly as he waited.

"You have some nerve showing up after all this time," A voice said to his side, one that he recognized.

"Aunt Sarah," He greeted with a slightly forced smile.

"You didn't even show up for the funeral," The woman accused and he almost sighed. 'Some things never change,' He thought to himself as she continued. "You vanished from the face of Earth, after all your parents did for you. After all they had to put up with through the years. I knew you were a selfish thing, but that was a new low."

"It's good to see you well," Joshua said, smile still in place. He didn't know why he'd expected something different. There was a reason why he hadn't been very close to most of his relatives before the accident. 'And things have gotten worse, it seems.'

She didn't even deign that with a response, simply sneering at him.

"The twins doing well?" Joshua asked, keeping his tone friendly even if he only wanted to give her a piece of his mind. He wouldn't cause a scene in front of his parents, from a different world or not. This place meant something, and if she wanted to disparage it, then it was on her.

This conversation shouldn't have happened just yet. He'd wanted to visit her and talk about a few things. Not… have a fight in front of his parents' graves.

"Don't you have a book or a TV show to watch? You know, better things to do?" Sarah asked and Joshua had to hold back a wince. That stung, the reminder of how he'd been before. Always having something at hand to keep his attention away from the awkwardness of social interactions. Avoiding them as he grew more and more distant with people.

His relatives had never seen him trying. That trip had been to start on that but then…

Sarah's eyes moved towards Jeanne, who was still standing in front of the graves.

"Oh, I see why you were so… busy to come before," She said, and Joshua felt himself tense.

"You know," He started, his smile twitching into something a lot less friendly. Because she could throw all her vile at him, but she'd better forget doing so with his sister. "Mum always said you were a judgmental bitch."

"Why you-?"

"Your husband left for a reason, Aunt Sarah," Joshua commented as if he were talking about the weather. "Did you know my parents were still in contact with him? More so, I'd say. It's a shame, that one can't choose family sometimes. You should be grateful though."

"After everything you have the nerve to-"

"You have some nerve," He interrupted, stepping forward and making her take one back. "Coming here to criticize me. We were on that trip because you couldn't be bothered to come to our place. Always too busy to come and visit us but we had to make the whole trip to your house when you felt like it. I bet you wanted us to do most of the work as usual, right? Cook, clean, help organize. When was the last time you saw our house before the accident? But I bet you were very happy when you took that from me after they died and I couldn't even think straight, right?"

She fell silent then, but there was still rage in her eyes.

"I'd almost forgotten how much of a bitch you were," He spat, glaring at her. "I guess I wanted to forget it, but thanks for reminding me. I'll take everything back, Aunt Sarah. So I hope you aren't too attached to those things."

"You can't do that, it's already-"

"You don't have any idea the things I can or can't do, Aunt Sarah," He interrupted yet again, laughing at her. "It'll take one call to get everything. Maybe I'll even get some compensation, who knows?" Even if it wasn't possible, who cared? A talk with Sairaorg and it would be done anyway, he was sure. If he needed to, he'd talk with whoever he needed. "You are a sad thing, and I hope I'll never see you again," He finished, taking a deep breath in to calm himself down.

Mainly because Jeanne was walking back with his familiars behind her. Good thing there was an illusion there. His sister looked confused though, and he couldn't say he blamed her.

"Everything alright?" She asked hesitantly.

"Yeah… Everything's fine," Joshua nodded, giving his aunt a glance. The woman looked like she couldn't decide if she should be angry or scared from what he'd told her. "Let's just go."

"Ah, ok," Jeanne replied, looking between him and Sarah even as she followed him instantly. "Did… Um, what did I miss?"

"That was my aunt, Sarah Williams," He said, looking forward and trying to keep his emotions under control.

"That… didn't look like a happy meeting," She pointed out, looking behind her.

"That's because it wasn't."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be," Joshua waved off. "My parents were nice, but I can't say the same thing about the rest of the lot. There was a reason I couldn't quite connect with most of them… It doesn't matter though," He explained, turning to look at Jeanne, who had Margalo and Morag on her shoulders. "I have all the family I need anyway," He finished, giving them a smile that only grew when Cheshire pushed her cat head against his leg and Nagini poked him with her tail. "Let's just go. It seems I have a call to make anyway."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I've been looking forward to writing this chapter for quite a while. Maybe that's the reason I think I haven't managed to do it justice. Regardless of my nagging brain, I think I did a somewhat decent job at it… probably.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: There's quite a bit of background information that I've been dropping hints of for quite a while but especially in this chapter. Some pieces are more obvious than others, of course. Did you catch any of them?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 315 others
Adrian King
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 52 - But Still We Laugh
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#217
But Still We Laugh

Joshua sat on a couch, his elbows resting on his knees as he fidgeted with a card in his hand. It was something he'd gotten from his latest deal with Sairaorg, on top of a few other things. In exchange, he'd be adding a few Averting and Shield wards, "to add a little more variety and unpredictability," he'd said. Joshua had been quite interested in the man's idea to implement that for a training zone, that was for sure.

They'd probably trade notes on that once everything was dealt with. After all, cards weren't the only thing he'd asked for, even if they weren't simple cards. No, he'd asked for metal cards and the equipment to carve circles in them… And help getting his family's things back.

He'd sent a few messages, contacted more family besides his Aunt. They weren't all assholes but his relatives weren't what one would call nice either. He was going to get everything that had been his and his parents' back, because none of them deserved to get a single thing.

'Thank God for the devils' reach,' Joshua thought to himself, a half-smile forming on his face at the irony. He absently looked at one of the sides of the cards, the one that would be the back, which he planned on engraving a simple symbol on later. It'd be a fan of cards, he'd already decided. They'd been something he always had with him, more than the daggers or any other thing. He'd have made it his familiars, but adding all of them seemed a bit much and using a single one would have felt insulting…

So cards it was.

"Everything should be done soon enough," Sairaorg commented as he walked back in the living room Joshua was sitting in. "The house was easy enough, as you know," The devil said, signaling around them, to which the human gave him a grateful smile. "The smaller things though, those might take some time tracking."

"I just want them back, Sairaorg," Joshua replied, looking at the now bare walls where there had once been photographs. Pictures he was fairly sure had been thrown away already, maybe even burned, destroyed. He might have been wrong, and they were in a box somewhere, but he didn't dare hope too much. "I don't care how long it takes. If I have to do more to pay you I-"

"Don't worry about it, Joshua," The devil waved away, chuckling to himself. "Honestly, for the wards you are offering to set up, I'm sort of underpaying you, but if this is what you want, I'll make sure to recover every little thing."

"Isn't it too much work?" Joshua asked, nervously.

"I'm not looking for them myself, if that's what you wanted to know. Neither is my peerage. No, I contacted someone that's more… equipped to do this kind of thing. Is what we do, most of the time. Intermediate to get people what they want," Sairaorg explained and Joshua supposed that made sense. Sort of like how Shed and the rest had contacted him to do a job for Yasaka, he supposed, even if that example didn't work all that well.

"Well, I appreciate the help anyway," Joshua said with a nod. "If you ever need help with anything-"

"I'll come to you. Don't worry, I will," Sairaorg told him, barking out a laugh as if that was a given. "I don't know if you've noticed yet, but I'm a devil. I'm not that noble."

"That's good, actually," Joshua replied, with a slight smirk. He couldn't put too much feeling into it at the moment though. That's when he caught a hesitant look on the devils face. "Have something in mind already?" He asked, curious. Maybe it wasn't the time to talk more business but… He'd already thought about his losses too much. He wanted to focus back in the present, focus on what he did have, if only for a moment.

"... There is something you could do for me," The devil said after a moment of silence and his expression changed. He looked… Joshua wasn't sure nervous was the right word, but it was the closest thing he could think of. "You see, my cousin… she's in a bit of a… situation, you could say."

"How can I help?" Joshua asked, eyes narrowing. He meant Rias, right? He didn't remember if he had any other cousins around. Besides, the redhead had the whole "situation" with Phenex, after all, right?

"I wish it were simpler," Sairaorg started, stalling, which meant that it wasn't as simple as putting up training wards for her. Joshua had wondered why they'd never actually called him to set those up. "But to help her you'd have to… become her contracted magician," He finished then, bringing a hand up to scratch the back of his head.

'Oh, that…' Joshua thought, frowning. 'Why'd it need that? What does that change?'

"Why?"

"Because… she has a marriage contract in place with someone she'd rather… not marry. To get out of that, she has to beat him in a Rating Game. You know about those, right?" Sairaorg asked, to which Joshua nodded easily. He'd actually caught some of those in devil television since it had been installed for him, so he actually had an excuse. "If someone outside of her direct people helps, it'll be seen as either her family or her brother pulling strings, which would be… bad."

"So I need to either be in her peerage or be her contracted magician?" Joshua finished then, getting a stiff nod from Sairaorg. That sort of explained things a little. It didn't make an entire lot of sense, but that was part for the course with the supernatural world, he supposed. "I see…"

"You don't have to decide right now, of course, but… she doesn't have that much time."

"How much?" Joshua asked, even though he had a fairly good idea.

"A year, we think," Sairaorg answered, which was a fairly long time. Except, that he knew it wouldn't be that long. The wedding would be sped up and if his rough guesses were right, he had around half of that time, maybe even less.

But it was enough.

"I'll think it over," Joshua told him, which was about as much as he could tell the man. He liked Rias well enough, and he wanted to help, but he also wanted to remain free. Becoming her contracted magician would't be as binding as being in her peerage, but it was something he'd rather not do. "I'll have to read about it. Pretty sure you've given me a book on that at some point."

"I did," Sairorg confirmed with a grin. "Just for considering it, thank you. I know you don't like this type of thing."

Sairaorg had no way of knowing that he trusted devils a whole lot more after the whole memory thing, but… Even if that weren't the case, Joshua looked around at the house that his devil friend had recovered in a matter of hours. Just after a call, without actually talking specifics about a deal or anything…

"Don't mention it," He waved off.

[}-o-{]​

"Anything you want to do, Josh?" Jeanne asked once they teleported back to the house at Kyoto. He'd have stayed in his parents' house, at least for that day, but seeing it empty hurt. 'Maybe next year,' He decided with a slight grimace.

"Drinking some tea would be nice," He commented, giving his sister a slight smile that she returned. It soon vanished though, his eyes following Jeanne as she left for the kitchen. "Am I supposed to feel a certain way?" He asked Cheshire as he moved to the sofa to sit. The feline followed him, this time in her lynx form.

Nagini slithered her way to it after he took his seat, draping herself all over the left side of the piece of furniture and resting her head on his left leg while Cheshire took the right. Margalo and Morag did as they usually did, riding on his shoulders. His hands almost by themselves moved to the heads of his serpent and feline familiars, smiling weakly at them as he felt their support through the still somewhat new Bond.

"I don't even know how I'm feeling," He told them, although he expected no answers. "I'm sad, because of what I lost. I'm happy, because of how far I've come. I'm confused, because of both of those things. I'm… I don't even know…"

Margalo chose that moment to chirp… No, sign something, it seemed. Her little chirps coming one right after the other in a tune that only she knew. Joshua closed his eyes to hear her for a moment, if only to push his confusing emotions to the side.

That is, until he felt a spark of curiosity from Cheshire. Opening his eyes again, he saw the feline looking straight at the bird. With his attention drawn now, Joshua turned to Margalo before using Appraisal.

[Margalo

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Familiar Bird

Gender: Female

Strength: E+

Speed: D

Dexterity: D

Vitality: E+

Perception: D-

Magic: F

Perks: 1

Skills: 3]

'Hm… Oh, new skill?' He noted, curiously. With his eyes moving from the screen back to the bird, he felt like he could guess what it was, actually.

[Sing – Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to produce musical sounds with their voice.]

'Weird that she got that just now though. I'm fairly sure she sang before,' Hemused, bringing a hand up to rub the underside of her head. 'Maybe it's a thing of effort? Or maybe it didn't even reach level 1 before now? Strange…'

"Thanks, girl," He mumbled as the bird stopped singing for a bit, receiving a nuzzle in response. "Guess I'll just have to… keep moving, huh? Maybe things will make a little more sense then, right?" He whispered.

"Sorry for the delay," Jeanne said as she came back with a tray, and it reminded Joshua of how she'd be back when they were working at the cafe. Which in turn made him think of how things would be once they could go back to working in one if they felt like it. Then again, he'd liked doing that more than she did, so maybe she wouldn't even bother.

"You didn't set the water aflame again, right?" He asked with a slight smirk.

"That only happened once!" She whined, slumping down on an armchair. "Why won't you forget about it."

"It was quite unforgettable, you gotta admit," He pointed out a slight chuckle.

"Idiot," She grumbled with pout.

There was a moment of silence then as his eyes fell to Cheshire and Nagini on his lap.

"When we get the cafe running, are you gonna work there too?" He asked, somewhat out of the blue for her, he supposed. He leaned forward then, taking his cup.

"I want to, yeah," She answered, which was somewhat surprising but not as much as the next part. "Full time, probably."

"Oh?"

"Joshua, I basically do nothing most of the time. It's great and all, but I don't wanna be a burden," Jeanne explained. "After all that you've done… I know you like spoiling me, but I don't wanna take advantage of you even if you don't feel like I am."

"I guess I can understand that," He said, looking down. How many times had he had similar thoughts regarding his parents? He hated that he had never acted on them until they'd been gone. Just another way he'd failed, he supposed.

Cheshire pulled up to rub her head against his side.

'Another way I can be better,' He thought to himself, smiling at his familiar as he petted her head.

"Who knows, maybe I can manage the whole place someday," Jeanne commented, making him chuckle.

"Yeah, well, Sona will probably find someone to do that for us," Joshua replied with a slight smirk. "But yeah, if you study, we can have you take over in the future," He added, his expression turning into a soft smile. "Or maybe you'll find something else you want to do."

"If nothing else comes up, I quite liked the cafe myself," She told him with a smile of her own. "Maybe it's a family thing," She said then, and he could tell that she wasn't sure saying that was a good idea at the moment. Silly Jeanne.

"Maybe," He replied with a nod and a soft smile.

[}-o-{]​

"What do you think she'll do with Margalo?" Jeanne asked, from next to him, a bucket with popcorn sitting between them. She had Morag and Margalo on her shoulders, while Cheshire had chosen to lay across his lap in her cat form. Nagini, for her part, had been disinterested enough to just go to the corner of the room and curl up there.

"I don't know, honestly. I don't think I wanna try too hard to see what goes on in Serafall's mind," He commented with a half-smile. "I'm guessing maybe she'll make her a friend of the characters or something? Maybe change her role if she evolves?"

"She could end up being Levia-tan's "familiar", wouldn't that be fun?" Jeanne pointed out, earning herself a chuckle from Joshua and indignant chirping from the bird herself. "Not a fan of that, huh? We might have to tell Serafall that."

"Yeah, guess we'll have to rem-" He paused as someone knocked on the door. "-ember."

"Do you think we summoned Serafall talking about her?" Jeanne asked curiously.

"Nah," Joshua replied with a shake of his head. "It's not her."

"Who is it then?" Jeanne questioned as he stood up and started making his way to the door. "Josh?" She called after him.

"Hello there," He greeted as he opened the door. Further words were interrupted though, when he was immediately wrapped in a pair of tiny arms. "Well, that's certainly a warm greeting," He commented, patting Kunou's head as she let go.

"Mum said you'd be happy if we visited," She commented, smiling shyly up at him. "Are you?"

"I'm always happy to see you, silly," He told her, making the girl beam at him. She was just entirely too adorable sometimes. Before he even realized, he was grinning back at her. "Thanks for coming."

"I thought you could use some extra company," Yasaka replied, waving his thanks off. "Besides, Kunou was sulking around and pouting, we can't have that."

"Certainly not."

"I wasn't pouting!"

"But you were sulking?" Joshua asked, making Kunou pout at him in outrage. "Come on, we were just watching Serafall's show and eating popcorn. Yasaka, do you want anything else? I can prepare something."

"Don't worry about it, Joshua," The woman reassured him. "You don't have to bother, especially today."

"It's not a bother at all-"

"Can we prepare something together?" Kunou asked then, giving him her best kit fox eyes. He just grinned at her and rolled her eyes.

"Kunou-"

"It's fine," He interrupted Yasaka before she could tell her daughter no. "Let's make something, yeah? What did you have in mind?"

"You humor her too much," The youkai leader pointed out with a smile as they all walked back towards the living room. The little girl followed almost absently as she gave the question he'd asked with all the seriousness she could manage, which was sort of funny.

"How about you think that over while we watch the show, yeah?" He asked the little one. "And I don't see you complaining, despite how much you point that out," He added towards Yasaka.

"I guess I don't," She replied, and she looked like she wanted to ask something else. Joshua simply smiled at her, even if it was tinged with sadness now.

"I'm fine," He told her as she sat on the armchair on his side of the sofa and Kunou took the one on Jeanne's as her attention started to be drawn to the show.

"What's got you thinking so hard, eh?" His sister asked the little girl, probably noticing that he'd be having a conversation with Yasaka that was better of just being the two of them. She could be smart like that… Or maybe the voices had told her, difficult to tell, those days.

"I'm just…" He continued, his eyes looking towards the television, even if he wasn't actually watching. "I guess I'm trying to figure out how I'm feeling, actually."

As he finished, he sent a grateful smile towards Yasaka as he felt her senjutsu washing over him.

"You gotta teach me how to do that," He commented absently.

"Well, I just might," She said, smiling softly back at him. "And there's nothing wrong with being confused," She added. "Feelings usually are like that, even if we don't realize."

"I guess that's true," He nodded.

"Did something happen?" She asked then, making him blink. "Jeanne sent me a message saying that you were more upset than expected," She explained, making him raise an eyebrow towards his sister. Evidently, the teenager had been eavesdropping because she sent a sheepish expression his way even as she continued chatting with Kunou.

"I just came across one of my relatives," He answered, his expression falling once more. "I'd forgotten how… they were," He said simply, not in the mood to throw insults around. Especially with Kunou probably listening in, even if she tried to act like she wasn't. Honestly, those two…

"Family doesn't always turn out as we hope," Yasaka told him then, in that wise tone that she usually had when they had this kind of talk. "Just like life. But we can still try to make the most out of both, however. Take matters in our hands."

And there, looking at his familiars around, at Jeanne, at Kunou, at Yasaka. Joshua could only compare the scene to some of the family reunions he'd had to attend and how he'd seen them even as almost an outsider. This was nothing like that, and he could only be happy for it.

"I guess you are right, as usual."

"You should get used to that," She told him, hiding a giggle behind her hand.

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

She waited patiently after knocking this time. That wasn't a day to be childish, she knew. Or, at least, not too much. Especially considering…

The door opened before she could finish the thought.

"Hey there," Joshua greeted with a slight smile, even smaller than his normally were. "Didn't expect you to come by today," He commented before making space for her to walk in. "Come in, I was just about to sit down with a cup of tea and chill for a bit before going to sleep."

"Hello, I'm sorry to bother you today," She greeted with a wave and gave him a supporting smile. She'd have said one of the typical phrases, but she knew Joshua wasn't one to care for those. Words could be hollow in such instances. She knew that very well… "I won't be here for long if I'm bothering you."

"You are never a bother," Joshua waved off. "Honestly, I don't mind at all. If you wanna stay for a bit, go ahead. Do you want tea, snacks, something else?" He offered then and she beamed at him.

"I could never say no to some tea and snacks. Yours are really good, Joshua," She said, getting him to smile just the smallest bit wider as he walked towards the kitchen. Meanwhile, she turned to see his familiars spread around the living room with Jeanne sitting on an armchair with a book in her hands. The television was on in some devil channel that evidently they weren't actually watching. "Gin-tan, everyone, hello!"

"Hello, Serafall," The girl greeted, for once not grimacing or otherwise reacting to the nickname. Clearly, she had other things in her mind. "I'm glad you are here."

"And I'm glad to be here," She replied, beaming.

"And you are yourself, which is even better," The girl commented with a slight grin. "He'll like that."

"Of course he will. How could he not, with the magical Levia-tan around?" Serafall asked, even though she wasn't actually in her magical girl outfit. Judging by the look Jeanne was giving her, she found it a little weird, which was fair. She was fond of her magical outfit.

"Just… thank you for coming," Jeanne told her with a soft smile.

"Don't mention it," Serafall replied, returning the expression.

"Well, that's that," Joshua announced as he set a tray in front of her. Cheshire almost immediately joined her master as he took a seat on the sofa, curling up on his lap. "Things are going well in the show, huh? We saw the latest chapter just a few hours ago," The man said, grinning very falsely as he spoke.

So, he didn't want to talk about the main issue of the day, it seemed.

Serafall could only hope she was making the right move right now.

"I know you want to talk about other things," She started, making his smile slip away instantly. "But I got informed of your… deal with Sairaorg Bael," She told him, and his eyes focused intensely on her own. "I may have pulled a few strings to speed it up a little."

"Thank you," He said, and even if the words hadn't, his tone would have told her he was grateful by themselves. "But really-"

"There was a little something that got the trackers' attention really quick too," Serafall continued, before he could try to wave the whole thing off. Then, from a Storage Spell of her own, she pulled the object out.

His eyes zeroed on the silver necklace with a round shaped locket and Joshua remained silent for a long moment. His expression shifted from uncomfortable and sad to completely neutral. Slowly, his eyes moved towards her as he stood and took the necklace from between her fingers.

"Where was it?"

"In a pawn shop," Serafall replied without delay.

Instantly, she felt the shift in Joshua even if neither his stance nor his expression changed. The atmosphere was enough by itself, as she felt killing intent wash over her. It was shocking, especially from a collected man like Joshua and if Jeanne's expression was anything to go by, this was new even for her.

With a twitch of his thumb, the accessory opened. Serafall already knew there was nothing inside, where there should have been pictures. Evidently, the object, or the missing photos perhaps, meant quite a lot to Joshua, which made sense. The trackers she'd put to the case had found it the quickest because it was important for his parents.

"A pawn shop," Joshua repeated, his voice barely a whisper. "I'm gonna kill her…"

"Josh?" Jeanne asked, making him snap out of his thoughts. The killing intent died a quick death a second later even if Serafall could see the thunder in his eyes very much alive.

"Sorry, I got… Sorry," He mumbled, looking back at the accessory. Then, he closed the locket, his fingers curled around it as he took a deep breath in. "Thank you for bringing it, Serafall."

"Don't mention it. You'd have gotten it either way," She waved off. She could have milked that, gotten some favor from him for getting what was obviously some kind of family heirloom or maybe just something his parents really treasured. That… That would have been wrong though. Serafall didn't need any of that to get Joshua to work with her. She didn't need the sneaky ways she usually did.

He was a straightforward guy and she could be straightforward with him.

Besides, he was kind of a friend too, she'd admit.

"Still, thank you," He repeated with a small, sad smile.

"Now about the show," Serafall started, beaming at him like she wasn't totally changing the subject. "I can't tell you what'll happen next… but I totally will if you say please."

"... Never change, Serafall, never change," Joshua commented, shaking his head. Then he chuckled and leaned back against the couch. "I liked the new villain you introduced. He looks competent, which is nice, I gotta say."

"I know right? I had to tell some meanies that it'd be nice to have one of those instead of generic villain number 5!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm actually really happy with this chapter and don't have much to say, really.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: At what time do you usually wake up? I usually do so around 9am sometimes a bit earlier most of the time a little later. At least when I don't have to set up an alarm, that is.

See you.
Last edited: Jul 9, 2024
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 308 others
Adrian King
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 53 - So Ring the Bells and Celebrate
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#221
So Ring the Bells and Celebrate

Joshua sat on his couch staring at his palm. Or, more accurately, at the open locket that rested on it, the rest of the necklace wrapped around his fingers. He'd gotten two pictures to place inside the accessory, replacing the old ones that had disappeared who knew where. On the right side sat a photo of Jeanne and on the other one of all his familiars.

He idly traced the frame of the pictures as he waited.

It had been almost a whole week since Serafall had given it back to him. It had taken him that long to cool his thoughts a little on the matter, else he did something rash. As it was though, hate burned inside him still, but now it was under control. There was no need to make things messy when there were easier and simpler ways to get them done.

"Sorry, I was in the middle of a deal," A voice said after a light flashed inside the room. The locket closed inside his hand, but Joshua's eyes remained firmly on it. 'Family,' He read on the back of the accessory, the part that would rest against his chest, hidden from view.

"Don't worry about it, Sairaorg," He reassured, smiling but still without turning from his family heirloom. A locket that had passed through a few generations of the Davis family already. One that he'd almost lost forever… "Everything going well?"

"I'm not complaining," The devil said with a shrug as he took a seat for himself. "But you must have wanted something to have called me like that. What's up?"

"Remember my aunt?" He asked, his happy expression vanishing. "I want the miserable bitch to be exactly that, miserable."

"Oh?" Sairaorg voiced, eyebrows raising. "I can do that," He acknowledged, eyes moving between the locket and Joshua himself. To his credit, he didn't ask any questions, simply nodding. "Anything in particular you want done?"

"Just ruin her, that's all I want. Once I know that's done, I'll be happy never to see or hear about her ever again," Joshua replied, fingers curling around the necklace as he turned to regard his friend for the first time. "About what you asked last time, with Rias-"

"Joshua," Sairaorg stopped him, bringing a hand up. "There's no need to make a deal about this. I can tell this is important. I didn't mind last time, and I don't mind if you want to add some wards for me to pay for this, but the thing with Rias… I'd prefer it if it wasn't because of a deal, honestly."

"That's nice, because I wasn't going to say that," Joshua told him with a smirk.

"Oh…"

"Yeah. I'm still considering it, but first I'm gonna have a chat with Serafall to see if I can do something that doesn't involve that," Joshua explained. He wanted to help Rias, he really did. He also wanted to keep his freedom though, so he'd see if there was a way to do both.

"I appreciate that, but this is a matter between House Phenex and House Gremory. There's little anyone can do without the Pillar Houses being outraged at outside interference," Sairaorg told him with a bitter smile. Evidently, he'd run into that problem himself.

It was good that Joshua had something in mind that would work well with that.

"I have a plan," He told his friend simply. "You said I have a year, plenty of time to see if I can pull it off. If not, I should have enough time to still help."

Even if it was half that or even less, he'd still have time, probably. He was pretty sure that he should know if he'd make it before that deadline. With some luck, he'd do it and there would be no need to sign anything at all. Or at least not something that would see his freedom compromised in any way.

"Well, I hope you are right then," Sairaorg mused, clearly picking up on the fact that he had not specified what it was that he wanted to do. That's why Joshua liked him. He was a simple man, but that didn't mean he was an idiot. Far from it, really.

"Good, could you pass the message? I was planning on visiting her and Sona soon, but I'll be a little busy with some things. It seems that my projects only keep increasing in number," He grumbled, but he was grinning. Having things to challenge himself with was exciting. Magic just had a way of never being actually dull and boring. There was always at least some fun sprinkled here and there even in the moments when it should be tedious.

"I can do that," Sairaorg nodded, looking at him curiously. "You are not too busy, hopefully. My peerage can't wait for another get together. They love your food and Kuisha likes helping in the kitchen. She says she's always learning something."

"Well, I guess I can clear my schedule enough for that then," Joshua agreed easily. They were friends and besides, it wouldn't be too bothersome. Sona and Rias, for their part, weren't more than mere acquaintances, clients. He couldn't just drop by to chat for a bit and leave with them.

Or maybe he could, but never let it be said that Joshua was good at being social.

Thus, he'd prefer to avoid doing that.

"I'm sure everyone will be happy to hear that," Sairaorg said with a grin and a chuckle. "With that said, I think I have a cousin to visit and give some good news to," He announced then, grinning widely.

"Sairaorg," Joshua called as the man turned to leave. "Thanks."

He knew the devil would know what he was talking about and sure enough, he didn't disappoint.

"Don't mention it, Joshua," He said simply. "What are friends for, right?"

And with that, he disappeared with a teleportation circle.

[}-o-{]​

"Hi hi~!" Serafall greeted as he opened the door and he grinned at her.

"Hey there," He replied simply. "Come on, I was just done with the snacks."

"Yay~" The Satan celebrated with a small cheer. "So, to what do I owe the super friendly welcome?" She asked then, skipping next to him as they made their way to the dining room.

"Well, I have a hypothetical business question to ask you," He answered truthfully. "And I like having you around. Margalo adores you too, so there's that," He added, just as the bird flew up and sat on the woman's shoulder.

"And I adore her too," Serafall announced cheerfully as she pushed her cheek against the little swift. "So, what did you want to talk about, Joshua?" She asked then, taking a seat and picking up a snack from the table.

"Remember that project you were helping me with?" He asked, taking the chair in front of her. "With the Phoenix Tears?" That got her full attention, if the way her eyes narrowed was any indication. "Hypothetically, if I could actually make a ward that did a similar thing, what would happen?" He asked, and the woman took the bird in her hands and sat straight.

"It depends," The woman answered and he could almost see the gears turning in her head. He already knew that kind of ward would be a big deal, but it was good to know for sure. "How likely am I to convince you to keep this ward from the other factions?"

"It depends," He shot back. "I won't keep it from people that I'm close to. I'll definitely set up one for Yasaka and Kunou if I can make it."

"I expected that. I meant for other factions. If a random pantheon came and asked for you to set it up, how likely am I to convince you to tell them no?" She posed as a scenario and he considered that.

"Very. I have a good relationship with your kind so far. Most of you, anyway," He replied with a shrug.

"Hm, then it'd only be an issue of convincing the Phenex family not to burn you to ashes. If I can get those wards set up for devils to use, then I can have Sirzechs interfere in your favor. They'll hate it, but they can't really go against it when it'd be helping devil society. It'd be like them saying they don't care about our race as much as they care about their business," Serafall explained and he could see her going through the scenario in her head.

"With that in mind," Joshua nodded slowly, he could work with that. "I'm guessing I could milk a lot of money from just that, right?" He asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Of course," She replied cheerfully, putting on her childish mask once more. "Do you know how much the Phenex make just with their Tears? If you could provide a substitute for it in the form of a ward, you'd have a lot of money coming your way… But you don't care for that, so, where are you going here, Joshua?" She questioned then, sounding more curious than anything else.

"How likely am I to get the Phenex to do something if I offer them a deal regarding the wards? Like, shared earnings or something," Joshua asked then, making the woman frown.

"What do you want from them? This can't be about the Phoenix Tears so…" She trailed off then and he could see puzzle pieces falling in place in her head. The question was if it was the right picture that was forming. "Is this about Rias? But why…No, wait. Sairaorg, huh?" She deduced, drawing a grin from him. "Tricky that."

"Is it doable?"

"That's a whole lot of trouble to help someone that's basically a stranger. A recent friend at best," Serafall pointed out. Joshua had expected that, honestly, which was why he had an answer for that ready.

"Well, for one, Sairaorg is a friend and he was the one to ask for the favor. For another, the Phenex were the ones that were racist towards me first, which I'm definitely petty enough to do something about if I can," He explained, drawing a snort from the woman. However, he could see he didn't convince her with just that. It was fine, because the last point was sure to work. "And having the current Lucifer owe me, or at least happy with me, is definitely something worth doing."

"Well, at least you are direct about it," She pointed out with a giggle. "Ah, you are a breath of fresh air, Joshua, truly."

"So, what do you think?" He asked, tilting his head.

"Well, I think I'll have to discuss this with Sirzechs, for sure," She answered with a nod. "For now, the real question is, can you pull off that ward?"

"Well, that remains to be seen," He admitted with a sigh, his hand moving up to massage his neck. "I think it's doable, but it'll need a lot of work. You can bet I'll give it my best shot though. Speaking of…"

She gave him a grin, making a vial of Phoenix Tears appear on the table. Instantly, Joshua's wards washed over it, picking up information. He'd tailored many wards to try and pick up stuff whenever he wasn't working on his Life Sensing and Illusion Wards. They were paying off too, even if not nearly as much as he'd wished.

Still, it was an improvement. Little by little, he'd learn the secrets of the Tears' healing, he knew it. Not really for Rias, or even Sairaorg or Sirzechs. He wanted it for himself and those he cared about. Phoenix healing was as famous as it was for a reason and he wanted that on his side, that was for sure.

"Definitely doable," He mumbled as he took in the information provided by his wards. His mind filled with new ideas, changes to his wards about how to dissect the thing better next time. He'd get there, he was sure.

"You are a scary person, Joshua," Serafall said childishly, still wearing a smile on her face.

[}-o-{]​

[Rias Gremory]

"Truly, you are certain he said that?" She asked, not even daring to hope. Could there be a chance that she'd escape the contract, escape Riser? Could the sword hanging over her head finally go away?

She'd tried, as her parents had told her. She'd tried to see if maybe the contract wasn't as bad a thing as she'd initially thought, way back when she'd first learned of it. It had been for naught though. Riser Phenex was an abhorrent man and she'd fight that marriage with all her being.

It wasn't even that he was a pervert or that he had a harem. Those were common enough in the Underworld and other parts of the supernatural world. The truly offensive part of Riser's being was he treated women in his peerage, his harem. He didn't seem to care for any of them except maybe Yubelluna. The rest of them might as well be fancy dolls in his eyes. Rias wanted a lot more from a marriage than that and she'd do her damndest to make sure that she'd have a chance to get that. Even her own family had come to realize what a mistake the contract had been, but by then it had been too late.

And now, maybe there was a way?

"Joshua hasn't given me a reason to doubt his word so far," Sairaorg stated simply. It wasn't the reassurance that Rias wished for, but it was the honesty she wanted and for that she was grateful. It was more than she'd had before. Less than she hoped, more than she expected.

"Is there anything we could do to help this young man?" Sirzechs, her brother, asked. A thoughtful frown formed on his face, as he considered this new information.

"He hasn't shared with me the specifics of his plan, sadly. However, I'm sure he'd have said if there was anything that could be done," Sairaorg reassured them.

"Hm, be that as it may, I might need to have a talk with him. There could be something we could do and he could be unaware of it," Her brother commented with a slow nod. The only sign of relief in him being the slight relaxing of his shoulders.

"No need for that, Sirzechs~" A new voice said, making all the Gremory family and Sairaorg turn towards the door. "I had a rather interesting chat just now with Joshua."

"Oh, do tell," Sirzechs said, and everyone was ready to hang onto whatever the Satan Leviathan would say.

"One of his prices for his help in Kyoto was Phoenix Tears," Serafall started, getting a hum from Rias's brother.

"I'm sure that went well," He replied, sarcasm not actually present in his voice, but everyone knew it was there. The Phenex were notorious for considering humans to be beneath them.

"Exactly, but he found a nice loophole to take advantage of, as it were," Leviathan continued, cheerfully skipping around as everyone followed her with their eyes. Rias often wondered if the way she acted was some kind of powerplay, a mind game or if she was really just like that. "You see, he didn't want to actually use the Tears or, at least, it wasn't the main purpose of them."

"What could he possibly want them for then?" Zeoticus, Rias's father, asked, frowning in confusion.

"To study them," Serafall said and the Gremory Heiress saw the pieces click in place in Sairaorg's mind. A moment later the man chuckled to himself, drawing the attention back to him.

"He wants to make a ward based on the Phoenix Tears, doesn't he?" He guessed then, looking both amused and slightly exasperated.

'That's ridiculous,' Rias thought to herself immediately. It was impossible that a human could mimic a devil's bloodline trait just like that. They'd barely gotten to bastardize their magic system based on devils and that had taken an unparalleled genius the likes of Merlin Ambrosius. Surely Joshua didn't expect to succeed.

"Serafall," Sirzechs called then, drawing Rias out of her thoughts. He looked serious as he locked his eyes with his fellow Satan. "Do you think he can pull that off?"

"I think so, yeah," Serafall replied, as if that were a normal thing. As if taking an ability that should only be available to precious few was a given for Joshua to just.. do. Surely they were joking, a rather cruel joke but one nonetheless. "It's not actually a question of if he can, but if he can do it in time. That's what I think. We'd need to check with Ajuka."

"I… see," Sirzechs mumbled as he leaned forward, interlacing his fingers and resting his chin on them. "And what's this man's plan if he were to succeed?"

"He wants to threaten the Phenex into doing what he wants or he'll have the wards available for literally anyone," Serafall explained, beaming all the while.

Silence followed the statement as everyone simply stared at the Satan. What she said was… It was madness. A human threatening a whole Pillar House? That was unheard of. Ridiculous. A joke.

And yet…

'That's the man Sona and I contacted to place detection wards for us?' She couldn't help but think, that didn't make any sense. Had she somehow been thrown into a completely different world or something? That'd make more sense than what she was hearing.

"I see," Sirzechs replied. "We have much to discuss, it seems. I'm curious about something though. Why? Why is he doing all this?"

"Well, that's simple. For one, he's a friend of Sai-tan over there," She explained, waving her "magical staff" at the Bael. "For another, the Phenex insulted him," She added then, giggling as if that were a particularly good joke. "And finally, well… Rias is your sister, you know?"

"And what were his actual words?" Her brother asked then.

"Those were his words," Serafall said as she continued laughing behind her hand at their gobsmacked expression. Joshua had just… outright said that? Directly to the Satan herself?

"Hm, I think I'd like to meet this human," Sirzechs replied, his lips twitching up.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Christmas was, once it came around, a rather… normal affair, actually.

Or maybe it was better to say it was a normal affair for Joshua's current situation. He'd expected to be sad, to be conflicted and to be nostalgic. Instead, he was content. He had a family to spend Christmas Eve over a nice meal like his family always did and then he'd given Jeanne her present. It was simple but it was just like he'd always done with his parents and relatives. It was what he wanted.

Thus, Joshua walked with a slight smile on his face as he made his way towards his now usual workplace. The youkai around seemed a little surprised by Jeanne and his familiar's presence, but not overly so. Evidently, they'd been expecting something to happen differently. Then again, he'd learned that Christmas was sort of celebrated in Japan.

It was a different type of holiday, admittedly. He'd learned that it was closer to a Valentine's Day, really, which had been interesting. However, it still explained why there were less servants around. Joshua guessed many of them had been given a day off or something.

"You came!" Kunou shouted once he opened the door to their usual room.

"I said I would, didn't I?" He asked as he crouched down to give the little girl a hug before she could tackle him instead. Over her shoulder, he looked at Yasaka, who looked at them with a smile.

"Well, she seemed to believe you a liar, Joshua," The youkai leader said, taking a sip from her tea. "Merry Christmas to you," She added with a nod towards all of their little group.

"You don't have to bother, if you don't care for it," He reassured her with a chuckle as he stood up again, only giving the giddy little girl in front of him a glance. Else, he was sure he'd start laughing. "I'm not a very religious person myself, honestly. I just always enjoyed… celebrating with the family, that's all."

"I see," She replied, acknowledging that with another nod. "Regardless, I hope you had a good night."

"We did, we probably ate entirely too much, honestly," Jeanne said, almost groaning. Personally, Joshua thought it was her own fault that she'd eaten more than she comfortably could. It wasn't like he forced the food down her throat.

"Did you get me a present?" Kunou, the impatient little girl that she was, asked giving him the most adorable kit fox eyes she could manage. "Did you?"

"Kunou," Yasaka called, her tone leaving no room for doubt as to what she was trying to say. Kunou deflated as she glanced towards her mother, properly chastised.

"It's fine," Joshua reassured with a wave of his hand. "Honestly, I've been teasing her about this for a while already. I think that's enough, right?" With that said, he walked towards the table, closely followed by Kunou. Once there, he pulled a card and took out two wrapped present boxes.

"You got one for mom too?" Kunou asked curiously looking at the two, clearly trying to discern some difference to know which was hers. She found none, obviously, since they were basically the same thing.

"Of course, we wouldn't want her to feel left out, would we?" He asked, drawing a giggle from the girl. "Now, the interesting part, which one do you want?" He asked, holding a box in each of his hands. Behind her, Joshua saw Jeanne holding back a laugh, especially as the girl started more closely scrutinizing the presents. "... Aaadn, I think that's enough teasing Here you go."

"What is that one?" She asked immediately, eyes locked on the present he extended towards Yasaka.

"Why don't you check yours first?" He asked, sitting down and looking at them as they opened their presents.

"See, you are the only crazy one that tries to open them without tearing the wrapping, Joshua," Jeanne told him with a grin. She'd had quite the laugh when he'd carefully opened her present like that.

"Eh, it was always a little fun thing I did. Dunno why, but I got into that habit," He repeated to her as he'd said the previous night. He smiled when he saw Kunou stop and narrow her eyes as she tried to finish opening the present leaving what remained of the paper intact. "Don't worry about it, it's just something I do."

"Hm," She hummed, looking at the box that had been hidden before opening it. The little girl's eyes flew wide open as she slowly pulled the necklace out of the box. It was a simple thing, really. A silver chain with a stainless steel round pendant. The latter had a small wardstone embedded on it and magic circles engraved on the back.

It looked pretty good, in Joshua's humble opinion.

Then again, he'd made them, so he was probably biased.

[Crafting – Lvl 3/50

Determines the user's ability to craft.

Increases crafting quality by 6%.

Increases crafting speed by 3%.]

It'd taken some practice and some failures, but he'd managed. He'd probably make new ones after getting the skill at a higher level. As of that moment though, he'd had to leave it simple so as to not mess up somehow. The circles had been enough of a pain to do by themselves, really.

"Thank you, Joshua. Can I ask what they do?" Yasaka asked, curiously looking at her own necklace.

"You can have someone check them, if you want," He told her, first and foremost. "But I put circles for communication and some simple signals. It can do two things, really. First, you channel some magic into it and then…" He started, bringing his hand up. He had his own necklace turned into a bracelet by twisting it so it wrapped twice around his wrist. "Kunou," He said.

Then the pendant in the girl's hand lit up briefly. At the same time, the girl's eyes widened. He wondered if that was for the light, or for the sound of a piano key that only she could hear. It'd been tricky, but he thought it was safest to make the sound signal be only for the person wearing the necklace.

"Yasaka," He said afterwards, and the same happened with the woman's accessory. "I can change the sound signal a little bit, but mostly with piano key sounds. That's what I set it up for, really, since there's not that much room to draw a circle on. Everyone has a different signal sound."

"Joshua," Kunou said then, eyes locked on his wrist. Instantly, he heard the chime and the gem on the pendant lit up.

"That's not all," Joshua told her, instantly catching her attention. "You can also make a short call with them if you say "Call Joshua" for example. However, that'll drain the wardstone. It can work for a few minutes and only once. I'll be adding wards at home that can charge it though. I could add one here."

He was rambling a little, but he was nervous. Jeanne had liked hers well enough but he didn't know if it'd be good for the two youkai. It was the first time he was giving a Christmas present all on his own. The fact that he'd made them himself made it so that he wanted them to like them a lot more.

"Does this mean I could call when you are away? Mom, can we have something to charge it in here?" Kunou asked quickly. However, Joshua focused on the beaming expression on her face and how excited she looked.

"Of course we can. Thank you again, Joshua," Yasaka said, first to her daughter and then to him. He couldn't be sure, but Joshua thought she'd actually quite liked the present. Maybe she realized what it really was for. He'd have to talk to Kunou about the third use of the necklace, but that could wait for a more appropriate time.

"Thank you, I love it!" Kunou cried out happily.

Overall, Joshua thought it was a nice Christmas, despite the past.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Eh… I don't have much to say, really. Or anything at all, really.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter though.

Discord Link: discord .gg/UTDransjJZ

Fun Fact: This chapter's title came from the song "Making Christmas" from "Nightmare Before Christmas".

Random Question: What did you think about the presents?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 303 others
Adrian King
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 54 - There’ll Be Peace When You Are Done
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#225
There'll Be Peace When You Are Done

"Don't think I don't know what you are doing, young man," Azazel told him one day when they were both, once again, trading notes. He'd just given him another report on his readings regarding Divine Dividing and its Balance Breaker after he'd made modifications to his Detection and Monitoring wards. Joshua simply gave the man a smirk.

"Oh?" He exclaimed, feigning ignorance. "Whatever could I be doing?"

"You are picking up this data for yourself," The Fallen Angel answered, ignoring his tone. "You are going to apply it to your wards."

"I am. I imagine a Draining Ward tinkered with information regarding Divine Dividing will make quite the powerful thing, wouldn't you say?" He admitted, grinning from ear to ear. What was the point in lying when he was with the person that probably could figure out how his mind worked the best?

"Now, that's something I wouldn't mind seeing," Azazel mumbled to himself, eyes unfocused as he imagined the scenario. "And I guess I can't quite complain about our deal, really. Turned out Vali and I didn't do anything besides standing here menacingly, so I guess it's fair that you get a little extra out of the deal."

"Good to see you are not angry," Joshua said with a chuckle. "I was half expecting to have to bribe you or something."

"You have something to bribe me with?" The Governor asked, sounding more curious than anything, even interested.

"Eh, not that I can think of right now. But I'm sure I could come up with something," Joshua mused as he considered the question. There was the Sacred Gear extraction artifact. He could probably offer data to help with that too. Maybe even more, if he really tried. He was reluctant to do that though.

A Sacred Gear was part of the holder's soul. Taking out the Gear was like tearing apart someone's being. As far as Joshua was concerned, there was no way to do something like that without consequences for the target. Even to people he hated, he was sure he'd never be fine doing something like that.

"Hm, you have something in mind," Azazel said, looking at him searchingly. "Something you don't want to do though. I wonder what that is," He added, although he didn't sound like he'd push, which Joshua was grateful for.

[Divide!] They heard then, and Joshua turned his attention towards the sight in front of them. Vali was dueling a guard from the youkai. One that was much better than the ones Joshua usually would train against, that was for sure. He couldn't even see the guy's stats and that was enough of a clue, really.

The human wasn't focused on that though. Instead, his attention was pulled towards a specific ward that he'd made almost on a whim. It was a little thing he'd made almost as a joke, really. He certainly hadn't expected it to pick up something.

But there it was, flaring up as it sensed something.

Joshua's eyes shot wide open.

"You picked up something there," Azazel said then, eyes boring holes into Joshua as if trying to read his mind. "Something big, what is it?"

"I think I picked up on Albion. On the-"

"Soul?" The fallen angel finished instantly, suddenly much more serious. "You have to tell me about that. That's way better than anything you've shared with me so far. The things I could do with that information-"

Joshua wasn't paying attention anymore though. Hanging from a belt loop, the Charm of Shed send him a "message" as it were. The thing wasn't very clear as a means of communication but in this instance it couldn't be misunderstood. 'No,' The thing screamed.

"Tch, I'd forgotten about that," Azazel grumbled, eyes moving towards the Charm. "Seems like Shed has your back," He added, a grin on his face. "I almost got my hopes up."

"I'm guess this is information that would require a separate deal, huh?" Joshua mused out loud, his eyes darting between the Charm and the fallen angel. That got him a positive answer from his sole connection with the Egyptian pantheon.

"Yes, it would seem so. I'll have to see what I can offer for that. I don't suppose you could have something you want, right?" Azazel asked, and Joshua had the answer of Sacred Gears at the tip of his tongue. However, he stopped himself.

As he'd been thinking before, extracting the things meant destroying someone's soul. Could he accept that as payment for his work? He thought he could, in all honesty. It wasn't like he was asking for someone's soul to be torn apart. Azazel probably already had some of those at hand that he could offer, however…

"I think I'll keep that information for now. Might need a bargaining chip in the future, one never knows," Joshua said, drawing a chuckle from the Governor.

"Well, for someone that dislikes politics, you sure know how to play when you need to," Azazel complimented. 'At least I think that's a compliment,' Joshua thought wryly. He wasn't sure how good he felt about being called a good politician.

"Joshua," A new voice called then. "Azazel, good afternoon to you both," Yasaka greeted as she stood behind them. "I was looking for you."

"You need something?" Joshua asked curiously as he turned to look at her.

"Not really. I was just going to speak with Azazel. I think we can terminate the deal you made for our protection."

"You think Khaos Brigade is gone for good? You don't think they'll come back the moment he leaves?" Joshua asked with a frown. "Because I really don't mind keeping this up, you know?"

"I certainly don't either," Azazel commented with a grin.

"I think we are safe and if Khaos returns, we should be fine with the defenses that we have," The youkai leader answered. "And you just want Joshua to give you more data," She added, giving the fallen angel an unimpressed expression.

"Guilty as charged," Azazel admitted shamelessly. "But I guess I'll need to find another way to pay for that information and those wards, because you can be sure I still want more of them," He added, giving Joshua a grin. "So, any idea for payment?"

Again, the idea of asking for Sacred Gears popped up in the human's mind. He pushed it aside, but not without resistance, that was for sure. He would have to think of other things though, because that wasn't going to be it. Joshua would much prefer not to have that in his conscience.

'What do I need?' Joshua wondered to himself. Books were the first thing that came to mind, but after Serafall's stunt, he wasn't even sure he'd ever be able to read all of them and still do other things. There was only so much reading he could do. He needed to study the texts, apply them, and experiment. He didn't have all the time in the world to just read through the veritable library that he'd been given.

He had many wardstones, but most of them were average or slightly above average. Some higher quality ones would do wonders for his defenses, which were already rather good, if he did say so himself. What could he do if he had better foci for them then? He really wanted to see that, after thinking about it.

Hex foci materials was something he could ask for too. However, he'd already had several talks with Yasaka about it. The woman had even suggested that she might give some to him before he was even done with the life energy illusion defense. Half payment for half the defense he promised, or so she'd said.

He could ask for equipment. However, he still had Setan Kober and he'd never needed to use it. Jeanne's daggers were doing the job well enough in conjunction with his wards. There was much ground to be covered in that aspect though. Maybe he could ask for armor or clothes?

Which in the end closed his options.

Wardstones or artifacts…

When he looked back at Azazel, it was to see the Governor looking at him interestedly. Obviously, the man had picked up on where his thoughts went. Same for Yasaka, who was looking curiously from the side.

"Well, I wouldn't say no to some artifacts," He mused out loud. "I already have weapons, but anything else could be interesting. If not, better quality wardstones would be welcome."

"I see," The man said, grinning widely. "No money?"

"What do I need money for? I already have more than I know what to do with," Joshua answered with a shrug.

"Well, I guess I have to look for a payment method thanks to someone," The fallen said, looking towards the youkai leader, who simply rolled her eyes at him. As if none of them knew he didn't even mean that. "See you around and keep being interesting, Joshua Davis."

"Am I interesting?" He asked, turning towards Yasaka.

The woman simply gave him an amused smile without answering.

[}-o-{]​

"Ah, hello," Joshua greeted in his front door one day. "I'd wondered when you'd come for a visit, Satan Lucifer. Joshua Davis, a pleasure to meet you," He introduced himself unnecessarily, extending his arm forward.

"The pleasure is all mine," The man replied, taking the offered hand and smiling like he was amused by something. "I've wanted to meet you for a while already. Serafall has a lot to say about you."

"I'm sure not everything was good," The human said casually with a smirk.

"She does complain about you in regards to payments, I have to admit," Sirzechs replied, drawing a chuckle from Joshua.

"Well, come in, I'm sure you have things you want to talk about. It might be better if we take a seat and have something to drink and eat. Anything I can offer you?" Joshua said, letting the man in. Maybe he was being a little too casual, but between his knowledge of the series and the fact that most of his devil relationships were good, he wasn't too worried.

"Coffee would be nice and anything you'll have to eat, I'm sure I'll like," Sirzechs said, still smiling like was very entertained by something.

"Sure, how do you like your coffee?"

A few minutes later, they were both sitting in the living room. Cheshire was in her cat form curled up on Joshua's lap and Morag was peeking over his shoulder at the red haired devil. The man didn't seem to be in a rush, that was for sure, as he took sips from his drink.

"First of all," Sirzechs started then, giving him a grateful smile. "Thank you for helping my sister. I know you did it more for Sairaorg and to earn my favor than for her, but I still appreciate it."

"You are welcome, I guess," Joshua told him, waving the whole thing off. He was sure the man hadn't come just for that, but he decided to humor him. "I was already working on that project, it was all just a happy coincidence, really. I'd started before I even knew of Rias's situation, because the Phenex refused to give me Tears to use."

"Hm, I'd heard about that from Serafall," Sirzechs replied with a nod. "I've also heard that you are a troublesome man to pay, as I said before. Which makes me wonder, how could I pay you for helping my sister?"

"I don't suppose I can get an IOU, can I?" Joshua asked with a wry smile. Because having the current Satan Lucifer indebted to him would be a great card to have available.

"I'm sure you can guess that's not something I can offer lightly," The man replied, looking almost reluctant to say that, which was interesting. Maybe the man didn't really mind and it was other things that stopped him from settling for that? Joshua supposed that was possible.

That got the human thinking though. He had the same options as with Azazel, but while the fallen had Sacred Gears added to it, which he couldn't accept… Maybe the devils had something special they could offer too?

There was being turned into a devil, of course. That is, if he could skip the servitude step and go straight to being a high class devil. However, that was unlikely, even for what he was doing. Also, he liked being a human, and while his lifespan was a problem, there were paths he could take for sure, if he really wanted to live longer. And that wouldn't be a worry for a few years anyway. There was no rush.

What else did the devils have to offer?

Joshua couldn't think of anything…

Although, maybe he was thinking in too direct a way. An idea popped in his mind then and he looked at Cheshire, who meowed at him. He wasn't sure she read his mind or anything, but she probably could follow his train of thought somewhat through their connection.

"Well, there's one thing, but I don't know how possible it is," Joshua said slowly as he processed the idea himself. "I've read some things about the bloodlines of devils."

"Oh?" That certainly had Sirzechs' attention, it seemed.

"I read that some of them have affinities for creatures, animals and monsters alike," Joshua explained, and he could see the Satan's eyes dart towards Cheshire, likely connecting dots. "Would it be possible for me to get some information regarding magical creatures and the like?"

"I'm sure there must be such information in the books that Serafall said she'd gotten for you," The man pointed out, which had Joshua nodding.

"Yes, there are. But I was thinking more along the lines of caring for creatures instead of just general information," He clarified, making Sierzechs acknowledge the statement and frown slightly.

"I'd have to check with some people but it should be doable. I'm guessing you want to focus on creatures like your familiars or similar?" The Satan asked, not more evidently looking towards Cheshire.

"Yes, anything feline, for example, would be very welcome."

"Hm, nothing else?" Sirzechs asked, tilting his head. "It's possible that there won't be that much information in what I can get. Is there anything I could use to make up for it in that case?"

"Well, good quality wardstones and artifacts are always nice," Joshua offered with a smirk.

[}-o-{]​

'This is not much to go off of,' Joshua mused as he read over the file Sairaorg had passed to him. It contained all that the devil had managed to gather on Khaos Brigade through every encounter his peerage had with the group. As stated, it wasn't much, not that he'd been expecting to have very detailed information to begin with. Sairaorg had already warned him about getting his hopes up, after all.

Still, it was information and all information was useful. He just needed to find a way to use it. He went over it again. There were some points that had promise though, which he was grateful for. 'Now, how do I go about this?'

"Joshua?" Jeanne called, snapping him from his thoughts as she took the seat in front of him at the table. Her eyes found the file and she gave him a smile that held no happiness behind it. "So, what are you going to do with that, Josh?" She asked, although there was something weird in her tone. Something that he could guess and he didn't like.

"I have a feeling you know," He said, grinning wryly at her.

"You want to hunt them, Khaos Brigade," She nodded, and he grimaced. So, he was likely right, which sucked. He really, really didn't want to have this conversation with his sister.

"I do," He admitted, because even if he didn't like where the conversation was going to go, he liked even less the idea of lying to his sister. "And I'm guessing you want in," He said then, laying the file on the table as he deflated on his seat.

"Of course I do," Jeanne told him, as if it were obvious. Which it was, but that didn't mean he had to like it.

"What do the voices say?" He asked, hoping against hope that he'd have some allies in this conversation.

"They agree that it's likely dangerous," Jeanne said, and Joshua could almost see a light at the end of the tunnel. That light died a quick death with his sister's next words. "They also agree that you are family and thus, I should help you."

"Of course," He sighed, bringing a hand up to massage his eyelids. All of a sudden, he felt exhausted, as if hearing Jeanne say that had sapped all the energy from him. He looked at the files. He almost wanted to give up, leaving Khaos Brigade alone for the moment.

He couldn't do that.

He didn't want to do that.

Joshua knew what they would do in the future, with his recovered knowledge. He also knew there was a non-zero chance that things would go even worse than they had in canon, because of the changes that were already present in the world and those that he'd caused himself. There was more danger on that than there was on Jeanne helping him with his plans, that was for sure.

Besides, Khaos Brigade had targeted him several times. They had endangered the lives of those he cared about more than once too. He wouldn't sit and let that be, forget about it as if it had never happened. He didn't like violence, and that was that. Joshua just wasn't that kind of person. However, if someone wanted to use violence against him, they better be ready for retaliation.

Cheshire growled next to him, lying on the floor in her tiger form.

Nagini hissed from behind him, curled up in a corner of the room.

Joshua sighed.

"Fine, you can help," He agreed, against his better judgment. "You have to train though. You've been slacking off as of late. If you want to go about supernatural terrorists, you have to be at your best," He told her, straightening his back and looking at her, hoping he was conveying how seriously he meant that.

Judging by the way she mimicked his posture less than a second later, he did a good job at it.

"I will," She replied simply with a nod. "I'm not stupid, you know?" She asked, her expression turning to annoyance.

"Just need to make sure. These people aren't a joke, Jeanne," He explained, sighing again. "This won't be like the group we found in the forest that time. It'll be like the ones that attacked here and might I remind you that we only won because of my wards? We might find ourselves in a situation where we don't have the home advantage."

"I know that. I'll be ready," She said, resolutely. Her expression changed once more, and he had to wonder if that was because she was having internal conversations with the voices. "Besides, I've already visited most places here in Kyoto. Some more than once," She added with a slight smirk.

He shook his head.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Get started," He said, waving her off.

"Sir, yes, sir," She mockingly replied, giving an equally joking salute. He deflated on his seat as she left.

"I'm gonna regret that, I just know it," He mumbled as he watched the door she'd left from. He felt Cheshire and Nagini's reassurance at the same time that Margalo came flying, perching on his shoulder and signing to him. "Thanks, girls. What would I do without you?"

For some strange reason, he was pretty sure that his bond with Cheshire was telling him "You'd be a disaster". He couldn't say she was wrong, if that was the case. Groaning, he leaned forward, resting his head on his hands.

Pushing the files away, he focused on something else for the moment. After all, he had another holiday to prepare for and some things to investigate. With any luck, he wouldn't make a fool of himself.

Cheshire's amused snort wasn't very reassuring, he'd admit, but at least he had Margalo's support.

"That's why you and Morag are my favorites now, girl," He mumbled to the bird, gently rubbing a finger against her feathers.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"I'm very grateful for this, Yasaka," Joshua said as they walked towards the shrine on the first of January. Apparently, he and Jeanne had heard about Hatsumode and had asked if that would be disrespectful or insulting for them to do. Silly Joshua, it was fine.

From there, Kunou's mother had offered them a more private shrine to visit, since most of the ones in the mundane side and even some of the supernatural ones would be crowded. It was a nice gesture to be sure, but the reason she'd been so overjoyed by it was because it was yet another thing she could do with Joshua, really. It was great to go for the first shrine visit of the year with her mother, Joshua, his familiars and Jeanne. 'Almost like we are a family,' She mused.

It was a bittersweet thought though.

She'd come to see Joshua more and more as a father figure as time passed and she'd admit it, if only in the privacy of her mind. He'd never acted like a teacher, detached and professional, so it wasn't very hard. However, that didn't change the fact that they weren't actually related in any way, which was always a sad realization whenever she thought about it.

Kunou would take what she could though.

'It's fine like this,' She thought to herself.

She watched, trying to get her mind off of things, how Joshua and the rest bowed at the Sanmon. Then they proceeded to cleanse their bodies at the Chozuya. He even asked if it was fine if he helped Nagini and Morag do so. Yasaka explained to him how to do it.

"It doesn't matter how much money you offer, Joshua," Her mother said when the man placed his saisen in the box after ringing the bell and burnt the incense. To that, Joshua simply smiled at her and continued.

After that came the actual praying.

Kunou wondered what he wished for his new year. She certainly knew what she asked for, even if she knew it was unlikely. That's what wishes were for though, at least in her mind.

After that, everything continued until they bowed once more at the Sanmon.

"Only a few things left, huh?" Joshua said, smiling as they walked away from the shrine. Kunou frowned though. That was all that was done for the first shrine visit, she'd know. What was he talking about? Turning towards her, he pulled a card from his pocket and a moment later an envelope appeared in his hand.

Then he offered it to her.

"A pochibukuro?" She asked, voice barely above a whisper as she took it carefully, as if it would disappear. It was a simple gift. An envelope with money inside that was given to children on New Year's.

"I came across this little tradition when I was researching this. Otoshidama, if I'm not mistaken," Joshua explained, sounding slightly nervous, probably afraid he'd gotten it wrong. He hadn't though.

"You aren't wrong," Yasaka reassured the man, placing a hand on Kunou's shoulder.

The girl kept her eyes locked on the envelope in her hands though. It was the right tradition, that was for sure. However, there was a little fact that Joshua might not have read about. Or maybe he had and this was some kind of message? Kunou could only hope so. After all…

Otoshidama was a custom where adult relatives gave children money.

"Thank you," She said, finding her voice at last and giving him a smile. She could only hope she didn't look like she was about to cry. She certainly felt like she would.

Maybe her wish wasn't so impossible.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ok, so, I obviously don't know shit about Japanese traditions, of course. All that you can see in this chapter regarding those are things that I found after some quick searches through Google. If you do know about this stuff and anything is wrong, feel free to point it out and I'll try to fix it.

With that said, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you usually do for New Year's? My family usually just gathers somewhere for dinner. Simple, but I like it.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 311 others
Adrian King
Jul 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 55 - Lies Get Tossed and Truth Is Spoken
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#229
Lies Get Tossed and Truth Is Spoken

"And you are saying this would only activate whenever another of the defenses triggers?" Yasaka asked, looking around even if there was nothing to see. Well, nothing but the library of his house in Kyoto.

Joshua could safely say that Serafall had outdone herself with the place's changes. It was much bigger than it had been before, with bedrooms to spare, a decent sized library and lots of other places, including an underground several basement levels. He had been quick to relocate all his wards to the lowest one after everything was done. The most incredible thing though, was that they had managed for it to not feel too big as to have to go through a small trek to get anywhere.

Truly, they'd gone above and beyond what he expected.

Back to the topic at hand though, Joshua was presenting his defense in regards to life energy sensing to Yasaka. Or, more accurately perhaps, he was showing her an alternative to his initial plan. As it turned out, after all, he may have bitten more than he could chew.

"Yes," He confirmed with an unsure nod. "I know it's not what I'd said, but I've come to realize that what I planned needs… a lot more than I thought it would," He admitted. "I'd have to master life sensing to be able to make a fool proof illusion of it and that's-"

"That'd take a long time," The youkai leader finished for him, making him give her an uneasy look. "This is more than my people have been able to make with Youjutsu. Maybe it's because it is all based on life energy and yours is based on magic, is my guess, but I'm no expert."

He thought she was probably correct, but he was no Youjutsu expert either. What he did know was that he couldn't make illusions of things he didn't know. That meant that he needed perfect life sensing to be able to make a perfect illusion.

And… he was quite far from it, really.

[Life Sense - Lvl 24/100

Determines the user's ability to sense life energy.

Precision is determined by Skill Level.

Increases the range of Life Sense by 72%.]

"This is what I can offer you for the foreseeable future. I'll continue working on the life energy illusion, but it'll probably take a long time, as you said. If that's not enough, I can-" He started, ready to offer her a bunch of other defenses. Hell, he'd probably do so anyway. Yasaka was a friend, after all, and everything he did for her defenses would help Kunou, which made it all even more of a win in his opinion.

"This is quite fine," The woman reassured him with a kind smile. "Completely obscuring life energy will work just as well against anyone trying to track myself or Kunou. Not quite as effective as misdirection, but still a good defense."

"Still, I'm sure I can come up with other things to add," Joshua insisted. "Just a bit of time and all. This is a lot less than we'd agreed to when negotiating."

"Which actually works for me," Yasaka told him, making him pause. "There's only so much I can pay you through hex foci, Joshua," She added with an amused smile. "I have to procure most of those through deals of their own, after all. I have a feeling that if I let you go wild, you'll bankrupt us."

He chuckled nervously at that.

"We can go one defense at a time, since you don't seem to be in a rush to get away from here or stop helping," Yasaka pointed out and he conceded the point with a nod.

Still, he was nervous. With Azazel and Vali going away, there was danger of Khaos Brigade coming back. It had him on edge a little. Call him paranoid, but Joshua didn't like the idea of someone attacking and him not being ready. He was a warder, his defenses were his strength, but there were things that could go against him that worried him a whole lot.

Joshua blinked as his bracelet/necklace lit up and he heard the cue that meant Kunou was calling. He deadpanned at Yasaka as the woman giggled behind her hand. Exasperated, he turned to the side where the girl was doing her absolute best to look innocent with notes around her in a desk at his library.

"Really?" He asked. "Maybe these things were a bad idea," He grumbled to himself as he made his way to her. All of the five steps that meant. "What is it?"

"Can you look at this circle?" She asked shyly under his unimpressed expression. With a sigh, he looked at what she was working on. Once more, she seemed to have pushed the exercises he gave her and dived straight into her own works. "I know there's something wrong with it, but I just can't find where," She grumbled, glaring at the paper in front of her as if that would make it work.

"You know you could just call me over, right?" He asked, even as he rotated the paper sheet so he could get a better look at it.

"I know," Kunou replied, looking away from him. "I just like using the necklace," She mumbled as she poked her fingers together.

"Hm," He hummed, eyes narrowing. "This part here?" He pointed out, moving behind her so they could both look at the circle together. His finger signaling at a specific line in the spell. "You see the problem there?" He asked then, preferring to let her find it herself instead of just telling her.

"I'm dumb," She answered, pouting. He just chuckled at her, but didn't say anything. "I made it the wrong color, that's the problem…" She grumbled under her breath, already working on fixing it. Joshua simply placed a hand on her head and ruffled her hair.

"Otherwise it's pretty good, but yeah, sometimes the most obvious of things are what we miss," He told her, watching as she corrected her mistake. When she looked up at him to see if she'd done it well, he simply raised an eyebrow at her. Pouting even more, she turned to regard her circle.

"I think it's fine," She mumbled after a minute or so.

"It is, good job," He told her. "You'll be as good as me in no time," He added as he started moving away to finish his talk with Yasaka.

"Really?"

"Of course!"

When he reached the youkai leader again, the woman was still looking towards her daughter in silence. Joshua would have spoken, but he was pretty sure that it wasn't the time. Cheshire pressing against his leg before jumping on him and the feeling he got from her seemed to tell him she agreed with that thought.

"She looks up to you," Yasaka said then. He nodded, even if she wasn't looking at him. Joshua was sure she'd told him something of the sort before at some point. "You've turned into a father figure for her, did you know? It's been a while since that happened, actually."

He remained silent after that too, because she didn't seem to be done. There wasn't much he could say, anyway. Joshua had known that already. Or maybe it was better to say he suspected. It was a terrifying thought, to think that any child could see him like that, let alone Kunou.

"I don't mean to put pressure on you, or tell you to act differently," Yasaka said then, alleviating some of his fears. "I just meant to make you aware of that fact, but it seems that you had noticed," She explained, eyes still firmly locked on her daughter. A rueful smile appeared on her face then. "Can I tell you something, Joshua?"

"Of course," He replied softly, a hand moving to pet Cheshire.

"He left around a year after she was born," Yasaka told him, and it wasn't hard to guess who was who in that sentence. "It wasn't because of her, or because of me. He left… Because he was a coward, weak."

Joshua's eyes widened. That was certainly not a tone he'd heard from Yasaka before, he was sure. It was almost a growl, filled with contempt. It was a shocking contrast to the usually serene picture he had of the leader.

"We weren't together for very long, that's true. Or maybe it's better to say we weren't truly together for very long," Yasaka explained. "When everything was made official, it seemed that things changed. Suddenly, being with me turned out to be overwhelming for him. He couldn't deal with what it meant and what it entailed. And so… he left."

"Sounds more like an idiot than anything else," Joshua commented, unsure of what to say. He wasn't good at dealing with such things, so he went with bluntly stating his thoughts. He could only hope it wouldn't make things worse or anything.

"I guess it could be seen that way," She replied, the smile on her face not reaching her eyes. "She doesn't know," She added then. "I haven't told her and the servants don't talk about it. I'm not sure what is worse, knowing or not."

Joshua couldn't hope to know either. What was best, to know nothing of your father or to know he'd abandoned you? It was the kind of question he didn't even think he wanted to know the answer to.

"I'm thinking of telling her though," Yasaka confessed, as if it were a great sin. "I thought that having only guesses and her imagination would be better than the truth before. Now, however, she doesn't need that. She has a father figure in her life, she doesn't need a made up one."

Well, that was a lot of pressure being put on him then, even if Yasaka had said it wasn't her intention. Still, the woman had given him an ear to listen when he'd needed it. She'd given him support when he'd needed it. It was the least he could do to return the favor, even if it was scary.

"I want to know what you think, Joshua," Yasaka said then, turning towards him for the first time since the conversation had started. "And, more importantly, I want to know that you won't leave her."

"I think I've promised that last one before, but I can do so again," Joshua replied, with all the certainty and confidence he could put behind that statement. He was almost surprised to find out that he meant it too. It was scary and it was worrying, but still… He couldn't say anything else. "As for the rest…" He trailed off, turning to look at Kunou.

It wouldn't be a nice thing to learn such a thing. It would be awful, certainly. However, the truth was better than a lie, even if the latter was only by omission. Kunou was a child, yes, but she was smart and mature for her age. Hiding something like that from her for much longer didn't sound right.

However…

"It would make my role more… real, I guess is a good enough word for it," Joshua pointed out, gulping down the nervous knot in his throat. "Do you think that's a good idea?" He asked, turning towards Yasaka once more. "I don't know what that'll mean for her… Or for you, for that matter."

"If I could deal with the fallout of him leaving, I can deal with whatever it is that this would bring for me, regarding my position," Yasaka reassured him. "As for her, I don't believe it'll change things much in that regard. It might even make her happy, to know that I don't mind her seeing you like that."

Joshua stared at her as his thoughts moved away. He considered what she was saying and wondered. Wondered if, maybe, he was being a coward too. He probably was, he guessed, but he couldn't help it. Wards, deals, studying, training. All those things were easy, he could dive into them and progress. He had the system, constantly whispering into his ear about how he was getting stronger, faster, better.

People, however, had always been scary, strange, incomprehensible. Joshua had never been able to understand them. He never knew what to say, what to do, what was a good idea or what wasn't. People were complicated and he hated that, because it always set him apart from everyone.

Reconnecting with his family had been one thing. There had always been that reassurance that they wouldn't leave him, no matter what. There'd always been that understanding that they would stay with him, support him, no matter what.

Making friends had been difficult. Hell, he couldn't even really say he'd done that, really. His relationships had started as merely business with Sairaorg and everyone else. Joshua hadn't developed that into friendship until much later.

If he thought about it, Kunou was probably the only person in the world he'd befriended out of his own accord. Even Jeanne and his familiars had been all but thrown at him in some way. The little girl, however, had been entirely different.

Joshua hadn't needed to get close to her. It might have been one of the reasons why things had gone so well with the youkai, but it hadn't been part of his thoughts back then. He hadn't even considered what that might do. He'd just seen a little girl that was afraid of Khaos Brigade and done something about it.

How things had spiraled into what they were then… he didn't have the slightest idea, but he could confidently say that he didn't regret it one bit. Joshua closed his eyes for a moment, his lips tugging up into a smile. He guessed he could just as confidently say something else then.

Cheshire pressed her head against him.

"Yeah, I'm fine with that," He said in the end. If he hadn't known better, he'd have thought he saw Yasaka let out a breath she'd been holding. "I can only hope I will do well," He added, giving the woman a nervous smile.

"You've been doing great. Really, if you continue as you are, it'll be fine," Yasaka told him, smiling bright at him. "I can't tell you how happy I am that Kunou finally has someone to fill that role in her life."

"No pressure," He mumbled, more to himself than to the woman in front of him.

"She's still my daughter though, don't you forget it," She told him, making him chuckle.

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

She hated to see that expression on her daughter's face. After she'd explained everything as best she could, little Kunou had put on her mask. That mask of indifference that she usually wore when she had to deal with her duties and they became too much for her to use a more polite one. The mask she wore sometimes when she wasn't around and she was alone with the servants.

Yasaka realized, at that moment, that Kunou hadn't looked like that in quite a while. It didn't take a genius to know what – or rather, who – was the reason for that change. And while she was grateful for that, it was still heartbreaking to see her daughter look like that again and realize that it was her fault.

"He just… left?" Kunou asked, her voice small, hurt and confused. Yasaka was reminded of her own reaction when she realized what had happened. "Just like that? He… left?"

"He did," Yasaka replied simply, because she was done lying or not telling her daughter things. It had hurt, every single second, and she was so very relieved to have taken that weight off her shoulders. It didn't make the moment more bearable, but it did give her hope for the future.

"... Why tell me now?" Kunou questioned then, looking down and having her bangs cover her face. Yasaka didn't need to look at her face to know what was happening. Her daughter's life energy was telling her all that she needed to know.

"I've always wanted to tell you," Yasaka told her softly. "But I'm not blind, Kunou. I know I'm not around as much as either of us would want. I didn't want you to think both of your parents had failed you."

"You didn't!" The little girl, bless her heart, protested instantly. "I know your work is important. And you still make time for me when you can. I… I don't think you've failed, mom."

"Thank you, Kunou," Yasaka said, feeling yet another weight being taken off her back. She still thought she could have done better, could do better, but it was a relief to know that at least her daughter didn't think so.

"You… You still haven't really answered," Kunou pointed out, not because she really cared for the answer. Yasaka could tell that she was still processing all that she'd been told. However, she humored her daughter.

"Because I thought it was a good moment, now that you have a parental figure that's doing better than the other two you've had," Yasaka explained, even though she was reluctant to count her previous partner. She smiled softly at Kunou when she saw her eyes widen.

"I- I don't- What-?"

"Kunou," Yasaka interrupted, voice soft. "It's fine."

"I don't know what you are talking about," She mumbled, looking away.

"You've grown quite fond of Joshua, haven't you?" Yasaka asked, tilting her head and smiling a little wider when she saw Kunou's face grow red. However, her amusement was quickly swept away when she felt the wave of nervousness in her daughter's life energy. "What are you afraid of, Kunou?" She asked, placing a reassuring hand on top of her daughter's fidgeting ones.

"I… You are not mad? That I…" Little Kunou asked, her voice barely above a whispering.

"I'm not. I'm sad that you had to look outside of your family to find someone to fill that role for you," She explained, as honestly as she could. "I'm disappointed that I'd often forget you needed that kind of presence in your life. But I'm not mad. I could never be mad at you."

"But… I don't need… to do that," Kunou said, struggling with her fears. Yasaka knew that her daughter didn't want to "insult" her with the truth. That she hadn't managed to be the parent her little girl had needed. She hadn't managed with the balancing act that was being a faction leader and a mother at the same time. She'd failed and her daughter wanted to protect her.

It was all she could do not to cry.

"Kunou, it's fine," Yasaka told her again. "You don't need to lie. Not to me."

For a second, it looked like her daughter would try to do just that. Then she deflated, realizing the futility of it. Instead, she drew into herself, growing quiet. That is, until there was a knock on the door. After saying that it was fine to enter, Fuyuko peeked in.

"Um, I… can come back at another time, if I'm interrupting, Yasaka-sama, Kunou-sama," The yuki-onna said apologetically, immediately picking up that something was happening.

"It's alright, Fuyuko," Yasaka reassured, calming her own mind as she spoke. "Did you need something?"

"Joshua-sama left a few things for Kunou-sama before leaving today," She said, immediately making Kunou look up curiously, even if it didn't quite snap her out of her troubled emotions. "Just some exercises, from what I was told. And a card, although he wouldn't say what it was, as usual," The servant explained, hesitantly leaving the aforementioned objects on the table.

"Fuyuko," Kunou called then, making the yuki-onna stop at the door. "Could you… bring me a cup of tea?" She asked, barely keeping her voice from cracking.

"Of course, Kunou-sama."

Yasaka could only smile at the interaction, especially the end of it. It was a very Joshua thing to do, she thought to herself, to ask for a cup of tea while dealing with something. It seemed that her daughter might have been picking up more habits from him without even realizing.

They sat in silence after that, before Kunou hesitantly, almost fearfully, picked up the card that Joshua had left for her. A few seconds after just staring at it, she set the thing on the table and activated the circle drawn in it. The thing exploded to life then. In a manner of speaking, that is, because it very slowly spread illusory grass on the table and then, from a side appeared a small fox calmly walking around before just curling up on the floor and apparently going to sleep.

A subtle "remember to rest" from Joshua, Yasaka imagined.

"He doesn't mind either," She said then, making her daughter look up at her with wide eyes, the illusion dissipating as her concentration broke. "We talked, and he said he's fine with it. If anything, he's worried he won't be good enough, but that's about it."

"He said that?" Kunou asked, sounding even younger than she looked and that much more vulnerable. Yasaka simply nodded. "He's a dummy."

"Sometimes," Yasaka agreed with a smile.

"I'm… I…" Her daughter started, struggling to continue afterwards, as if she wasn't even sure what she'd even wanted to say. "I love you, mom," She said then, looking down at the card in her hands.

"I love you too, Kunou," Yasaka replied, moving to sit beside her daughter and bringing her into a hug. "I love you too," She repeated, kissing the top of her head.

"It's fine, right?" Kunou asked, her voice watery, like she was holding back a sob.

"It's fine," Yasaka reassured.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"So, I'm guessing you had a little chat, huh?" Joshua asked, an uneasy half-smile on his face as he regarded her mother and her. He tried to play it off as he usually did. Roll with it, as he'd usually say. This time it seemed that things were a little out of his comfort zone.

It scared Kunou, if she was honest. What if her mother had been wrong and he hadn't meant it? What if he wasn't fine with it all? What if he didn't-

Her mother placed a hand on her shoulder, reassuring Kunou with her presence.

"We did," Yasaka replied. "She's been a little quiet since."

"You doing ok, Kunou? Is there anything I can do?" Joshua asked, with worry clear in his blue eyes. Funnily enough, that was exactly what he could have done to make things better. It told Kunou that he wasn't nervous because he didn't want anything to do with her anymore. It was because he was concerned for her.

"If anything, he's worried he won't be good enough, but that's about it," Her mother had said.

"I'm fine," She said, drawing an disbelieving expression from Joshua. She pouted slightly. "I'm…"

"It's ok to not be fine," Joshua reassured then, giving her a kind smile, not unlike the ones her mother had given her the day before. "Just remember to tell us if there's anything we can do, ok?" He asked, sounding a little unsure as he finished his sentence as he turned to look at Yasaka. It wasn't all that different from things he'd say before, but evidently things felt different now.

Kunou didn't think she could manage to care about that though. Joshua was awkward about interacting with people. It was part of how he was. She could deal with that no problem. Her lips pulled up a little. The important part was that he was fine with things.

"Ok," She replied and Joshua's shoulders relaxed. She was sure that he wanted to sigh in relief too, judging by the way his life energy shifted. "I wanted to ask something though," She started, looking between her mother and Joshua.

"What, Kunou?" The former asked encouragingly as Joshua picked up the tea in front of him and nodded at her to continue. She regarded them, wondering if she should really ask. It sounded silly, all of a sudden.

"Can… Can I call you dad?"

Joshua choked on his drink.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ok, so, first things first, I guess. This chapter is entirely about the relationship between Joshua and Kunou, not about Yasaka at all. I have to say that because I can already see the comments "JoshuaxYasaka confirmed!". So, not quite, friends. It's quite a step for them though, I think we can say that, at least.

With that out of the way, I think I could have handled this chapter better. I didn't even plan for this to happen. It all started with it being just another scene that I was throwing at the beginning and somehow it spiraled into being an entire chapter. Ridiculous. My muse hates me, I'm sure.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any plans for now that you are done with the chapter? Probably gonna continue writing. Week is going kind of slow writing-wise.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 309 others
Adrian King
Jul 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 56 - So Lean On Me New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#233
So Lean On Me

[Kunou]

"W-What'd you say?" Joshua asked her, turning to look at her, wide-yed. Her mother, for her part, blinked at her, which might as well have been the same reaction as the man, really. Especially because she didn't answer immediately.

"Can I call you dad?" Kunou asked, the bundle of nerves in her chest growing more chaotic. She'd been ready, prepared herself even, to receive a no. However, it occurred to her that maybe there were worse outcomes to her question then. Joshua wasn't her father, even if he was fine with acting like one. What if he-?

"I mean, I-" Joshua started, making her brain grind to a halt to pay attention. "Pretty sure that'd cause problems?" He said, sounding as unsure as Kunou felt, before turning towards Yasaka.

"It… could," Her mother agreed, and disappointment shot through Kunou then and there. 'It's fine, I knew it was too much,' She told herself, even if it really didn't make her feel any better. "It shouldn't be the case if it's only in private though," Yasaka added then, making Kunou feel painfully hopeful.

She looked at the two of them alternatively, waiting for an answer to her question. Her mother, as usual, gave nothing away as she looked at Joshua. The man, meanwhile, seemed to have composed his expression finally and was looking right back, as if trying to get a read on what the youkai leader thought. Eventually, he deflated slightly as he turned to look at Kunou instead.

He gave her a slight, nervous smile.

"I guess it should be fine," He replied carefully, slowly. His eyes darted towards Yasaka, still trying to gleam something from her, which was a wasted effort, Kunou knew. "I don't have a problem with that, honestly," He added, and she felt her lips pull up and the knot her insides had turned into warmth. "If Yasaka is fine with it, of course."

He didn't need to say more, Kunou turned fully towards her mother, giving her the best pleading eyes she could manage. The woman simply regarded her with a fond smile, which said it all. That was quickly turning into the best day of Kunou's life, she was pretty sure.

"Of course you can," Yasaka confirmed and Kunou threw herself into her arms.

"Thank you," She told her, hugging her tightly before letting go and doing the same with Joshua. The man received her easily, even if he was much slower to return the gesture, gently patting her back. "Thank you," She repeated, looking up at the man's face, who had a smile on his face. "Dad," She added, and the grin twitched. She focused on his life energy instead of his face.

There was still nervousness, but there was also happiness, confusion, pride.

She beamed.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"And that's that," He said, sitting back and looking down at the circles he'd just gotten done drawing. "What do you think?" He asked, getting a tap on his forehead courtesy of Morag, who was standing on his head. "Well… Do you mind?" He asked then, making the spider jump to his shoulder before he let his hair loose. Having it tied for work was much better, but it was also a little uncomfortable. At least if he tied it perfectly.

'Still not sure if I want to have it cut or not,' He thought to himself as he ran a hand through his hair. 'Something for another time.'

"Well, you certainly took your time, Joshua," Yasaka pointed out, an amused expression on her face. He just chuckled, stretching his legs a bit before looking at the circles. There was a step left, after all. Kneeling for a moment, he cast the circles' spells. The room was washed with several lights from the different magics before they subsided. "Is that all?" The youkai leader asked then.

"Yeah, that's all," He said, and at that very moment the Charm of Shed sent a signal to him. The general idea he got was that the god was satisfied with his work, which was great because-

He was interrupted as a screen appeared in front of him, but not a normal one. No, instead, it was the beige one with the ankh symbol. Shed's screens, as he'd come to know them, more precisely.

[Quest: Wards for the Kyubi

Reward:

+ Blessing of Shed

+ Senjutsu

Information: Must go mainly on behalf of Shed.]

'I'd almost forgotten about this Quest,' He thought to himself as he read the message. Which was kinda funny, really. If the amusement Shed was sending him, the god was aware of his thoughts, one way or another. That was a little concerning, he guessed, but Joshua couldn't bring himself to care overly much when he'd been getting help from his Egyptian friend for a while already.

Instantly, he felt the shift of Shed's blessing on him at the same time that a circle appeared in front of him dropping a scroll that he barely caught. Opening it… Joshua felt his eye twitch. Especially after he used Appraisal on it.

[Senjutsu Scroll

Rank – ?]

'God, why can't I have it easy for once?' He lamented, checking that, indeed, the contents of the scroll were all written with hieroglyphs. Goddamned hieroglyphs. Because of course that was how the Senjutsu of his Quest would be delivered. 'You are an asshole,' He thought, and he was pretty sure Shed was laughing at him. Still, the scroll was out of his rank for appraising, so it should at least be pretty good. With any luck, learning the new language would be worth it.

With a sigh, he closed the scroll. 'Perks?' He called, and sure enough, his Minor Blessing of Shed was gone, replaced by another.

[Blessing of Shed

Increases the potential of the user to connect with Animals.

Increases the potential of the user to Hunt.]

'Huh?' He thought, frowning and tilting his head. He was very aware of Yasaka looking at him, however, so he couldn't very well continue investigating all that for long.

"It seems you've got one of your payments, huh?" She asked, giving him a smile. "Although, I do guess Serafall got ahead of all of us in that regard," She added, much to Shed's annoyance, if he was getting that message right.

"I guess," He said with a shrug before cracking his neck. "Which reminds me, I guess I'll have to give the Church a call to tell them the job is done," He mused, unsure of how he felt about that. From what he knew, that faction was a mess. There was seriously messed up stuff in their history, but they were also not that bad. 'Thank God I've been interacting with Griselda, mainly,' He thought to himself. At least he knew the woman was one of the good ones, probably.

"Don't sound too eager, Joshua," Yasaka said, walking beside him as they walked out of the room he'd set the defenses in. As they did, he stored the scroll inside his own personal storage spell, not a card or a notebook. His own pseudo-Inventory of sorts, really, which he filled with things he really wanted to have at hand and ready, like Setan Kober.

"It's not that I don't like them, I just… have my doubts about them," He explained with a grimace. "Not only because the books I've got aren't too kind to them. I get that, I got those books from devils, after all. However… even mundane history doesn't paint that good a picture either."

"They've had their… less than tasteful endeavors, I'll admit. But they've almost always dealt with those scandals themselves. They are usually caused by extremists of the worst kind," Yasaka told him as they continued on their way.

"Hm, I guess so. But with so much stuff against them, who's to say when the next one will come around? How to know who in that faction is trustworthy and who isn't?" He asked, letting out an annoyed sigh. "God, I hate politics," He grumbled.

"Welcome to my world," Yasaka commented wryly.

"I don't envy your position, honestly," Joshua said with a sympathetic expression. "I can barely deal with what little is thrown my way as is."

Yasaka just hummed something that didn't sound like it was trying to tell him anything then. It struck him as odd, really. The youkai either had something to say or just didn't say or do anything at all. That noncommittal approach wasn't really her thing, from what he'd gathered so far.

Then he remembered…

"Way to be an idiot, Joshua," He mumbled to himself.

"I don't mind," Yasaka told him, giving him a smile. He noticed that it didn't reach her eyes though. "You are not like him. You grumble, and complain, but I can sense the difference. You aren't scared, you don't feel like running away. I know that politics aren't for everyone. I don't enjoy them either, in all honesty, but I have to deal with them, and I do. It's the difference."

"I guess," He said then, as they continued walking. Neither said anything else after that, really. It's not uncomfortable, however, Joshua realizes with some surprise.

The silences when with someone had always been a little awkward for him. They always left him wondering if he should say something, what he should say and such questions. Those thoughts plagued his mind most of the time. Then and there, he was fine without having to fill that though.

'Maybe I'm getting better at dealing with people,' He mused, his hand moving to the pendant hanging over his chest. Then, he stopped walking and frowned.

"Something the matter, Joshua?" Yasaka asked before he shook his head.

"Nothing, I just had a thought. I think I'll have to contact Sairaorg again," He said, both to himself and to the woman. "I might have a little job to get done. Also, would you mind if I invite them over to my place again?"

"It's your place, Joshua."

"Yeah, but it's in your territory," He pointed out, earning a wide, pleased smile from the woman.

"I appreciate the thought behind that," She told him with a nod and a hum. "As long as you can vouch for someone though, feel free to bring them over," She added, getting a grin from him in return.

"Thank you," He said, feeling himself relax a bit. "Anyway, I was thinking that I'll have this locket enchanted or something. I want to see if I-"

"Mom! Dad!" A voice called when they opened the door of their destination.

Joshua felt his insides twist at that, like they always did when Kunou called him that. She loved doing it and he couldn't say he disliked it. It was strange, for sure, awkward even, at times. It also filled him with a sense of contentment too, however. To see that little girl be so happy every time she said the word. To see how pleased she was whenever she saw him.

It was a gift, truly.

She was a gift.

"Look, I started a new circle!" She called, turning the paper sheet in front of her around so he could see. Or try, at least, since she was a little too far for him to be able to read it. Nevertheless, he smiled and walked over to her to actually check it.

"Another one, huh?" He asked, looking at the work she had done so far. Then a smile formed on his face. "I have a feeling I know why you chose this one," He commented, giving her an amused expression as she looked away, a light pink dusting her cheeks.

"What? I like foxes," She mumbled in her defense.

"You are entirely too cute," He said then, shaking his head and placing a hand on hers to ruffle her hair.

"Dad!" She protested, even though her lips were pulling up into a smile.

God, he didn't think he could get tired of hearing that.

Good thing she seemed to be of the same mind about saying it then.

[}-o-{]​

'Ok,' Joshua thought once he was finally back home and in peace. Absently, he scratched the top of Nagini's head as the serpent rest it on his lap. Cheshire and Margalo had gone exploring for a bit and Morag was on a corner making a web that he'd probably draw later. 'As good a time as any to check if the blessing had any effects like before,' He added, as he started calling for screens.

Sure enough, he found something of notice fairly quickly.

[Bond

Cheshire - 25/50

Determines the user's bond closeness with Cheshire.

Nagini - 25/50

Determines the user's bond closeness with Nagini.

Morag - 24/50

Determines the user's bond closeness with Morag.

Margalo - 24/50

Determines the user's bond closeness with Margalo.]

'Even more levels for Bond, huh?' He mused as he looked at it. He wondered, not for the first time, what that meant for him. He was already very close to Morag and Margalo, nevermind Cheshire and Nagini. They were practically in his mind and him in theirs. Would they actually be able to communicate with one another if they maxed this up? Would there be some other effect it would have on them?

Curiouser and curiouser…

[Parkour – Lvl 33/150

Determines the user's ability to free run.

Increases Speed while running by 66%.

Increases Strength while jumping by 66%.

Increases Dexterity while maneuvering by 66%.

Decreases exhaustion from running, jumping and maneuvering by 33%.]

'Fifty more levels here, I see,' Joshua found then, raising an eyebrow at the screen. 'I guess it counts as related to Hunt? I can sort of see how that works… Probably…'

[Magic Sense - Lvl 46/150

Determines the user's ability to sense magical energy and spells.

Precision is determined by Skill Level.

Increases the range of Magic Sense by 138%.]


[Life Sense - Lvl 24/150

Determines the user's ability to sense life energy.

Precision is determined by Skill Level.

Increases the range of Life Sense by 72%.]

'Fifty extra levels on these ones too, that's neat,' Joshua thought to himself, tilting his head as he continued petting Nagini on his lap. 'Can't say I wouldn't prefer it if it was a buff instead of just increasing how far I can go with this but… I'll take it, I guess,' He mused with a slight grimace. In the end, he guessed it was better to have his potential increased instead of a flat and direct boost to his capabilities…

At least, if he had the time to level the things up. As it was, he wasn't sure how likely it'd be that he'd reach that point. Time was going by and he knew canon had a ridiculously fast pace. He didn't know if having such long term benefits was actually a good thing. More immediate ones would probably be better in his opinion.

[Throwing Weapon Mastery – Lvl 40/150

Determines the user's ability to fight with throwing weapons.

Increases accuracy when throwing a throwing weapon by 40%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting with a throwing weapon by 10%.

Increases damage output when fighting with a throwing weapon by 10%.]


[Revolver Mastery – Lvl 25/150

Determines the user's ability to fight with revolvers.

Increases accuracy when firing a revolver by 25%.

Increases Dexterity when handling a revolver by 6.25%.

Decreases recoil effect of revolvers on the user by 6.25%.]

'I've let Revolver Mastery fall behind quite a bit,' Joshua thought to himself. Then again, he wasn't sure how good that was. Guns were all well and good in mundane settings, but he thought the daggers were much better in the supernatural. Especially considering that Jeanne could give him knives with different effects if need be. They also were much better if one considered how likely it was that he'd end up fighting close quarters.

Still, the Throwing buff was neat by itself.

'Well, quite the help here, my friend,' Joshua thought, a hand moving to the Charm and rubbing his thumb against it. The proud feeling he got from it made him think that maybe that'd gone to Shed's head a little bit. The deity deserved it though, he thought, if only because he was the one that allowed him to get so close to his familiars.

[}-o-{]​

"You sure you noted everything down?" Joshua asked, amused, as Jeanne and him walked down a street. His sister was, at that very moment, frowning at a notebook where she'd been writing stuff down.

"Don't mock me, I just want to make sure we have everything," She told him with a scowl. He simply chuckled.

"I know, but there were a lot of things you didn't need to put in there," He said, nodding towards her notes. "Just what you thought was missing or changes you wanted to make, that was all," He added with a roll of his eyes. "Sona and Rias will get it done. I don't know why you wrote down even the things that are fine."

"I just… I just…" Jeanne started, struggling to get anywhere with her words. Eventually, she groaned and deflated. "I think… I mean… It was… not fun, but it was nice to check that everything was there and what was needed."

"Hm, maybe you do have it in you to run the place," Joshua commented with a hum. "Say, what do you think about having some classes for that? I'm sure you'd do great."

"Maybe, but school is…"

"Eh, I'm sure I can get tutors and such," He offered, drawing an unsure look from her. Cheshire chose that moment to push her head against the girl's leg. "We can talk about it with Sona and Rias. If anything, I'll probably get that arranged with only a few more wards added, at most."

"I can't accept that, Josh. I mean, I appreciate it, but-"

"But you don't want to be a burden? Were you going to say something along those lines?" He interrupted, giving his sister an unimpressed expression. He sighed when she turned away from him. "Jeanne, if you have to, look at it like this. I don't wanna deal with all that nonsense. I just want to prepare stuff and maybe wait tables on occasion. It's simple work, but it's nice once in a while to be able to do something without having to think too hard."

"I know, I just-"

"So, you taking care of having the place running so I can do that sometimes would be great, actually. I'll accept whatever help Sona and Rias offer, but I'd be more comfortable with someone I trust in charge of the place," He added then, not letting her argue her case at all.

"Am I allowed to talk now?" Jeanne asked, a bit of her annoyance bleeding into her tone.

"Are you going to accept my help or are you going to keep being an idiot?" He asked, raising an eyebrow.

"... Fine," She conceded, looking half resigned and half annoyed. She was fooling no one though.

"Good, now-" Joshua started, before he blinked as Margalo flew up to him and landed on his shoulder. The bird had been a little restless, so he'd decided to help her burn some energy by sending her with a message to Rias and Sona that they were in town. He'd just expected one of them to appear through the fliers he carried in his pocket, not to send the bird back.

Somewhat amused, he took the piece of paper that Margalo held in her little claws.

'You can come in the mundane way if you want. Sona says she could give you two a tour through the school first. If not, just summon us with the flier. -Rias Ps: Margalo is still as adorable as always. Koneko hopes you brought Cheshire with you.'

"Sona still holds hope that you'll enroll in Kuoh, it seems," Joshua commented to Jeanne's questioning gaze. The girl groaned loudly then and he chuckled to himself. Ever since the Sitri Heiress had learned that Jeanne hadn't finished her schooling, she'd been doing her absolute best to get her to do so. It was somewhat amusing, he'd admit. "I don't know why you are so against it."

"I just… I don't have good memories of school," She mumbled, her face twisting as if she were smelling something awful.

"You don't act very weird anymore, I don't think," Joshua pointed out. "I guess you've gotten better at dealing with the voices?"

"I guess. Not worrying about things helps," She mumbled, shrugging as she looked anywhere but at him. "Not much they have to say when everything goes well for me, I think."

"Well, I'm sure you'd do fine in school like you are. And besides, that's a school that's basically run by devils. I'm sure they can make sure you don't have a bad time for being different," He said, trying not to sound too much like he wanted her to go.

"Do you want me to go there?" She asked and he groaned. 'So much for that, right?' He thought self-deprecatingly.

"It's not that. I just don't want you to let your fears and insecurities take away from what you actually want to do," He told her, speaking slowly. This time, he was doing his best to pick his words carefully. "If you don't want to go and that's that, then fine. But if you don't want to go because you are afraid it'll be like before, that's when I think you should consider doing it anyway. Things are different now."

She didn't answer after that and they continued walking in silence for a while. Joshua didn't know if he was doing things right, but that was par for the course when dealing with people, close or not. Ultimately, the decision was on Jeanne. If nothing else, he trusted the voices to guide her to the right decision.

From the corner of his eye, he caught the now familiar distant look in Jeanne's eyes. It looked like his guess was pretty accurate. He wondered what the conversation in her head was going like, but he'd wait until she was done.

"I'll think about it," Jeanne mumbled eventually when they were nearing the school.

"Well, guess we'll actually go through the tour Sona will want to give us, then. And I'll have to pay attention. No way my sister won't go to the best school I can find," Joshua commented, earning himself a smack on the arm and a chuckle from her. They both knew it was unlikely that he'd send her anywhere else, really, considering their situations and such. "It's a good thing you were learning Japanese too, huh?" He said absently. Jeanne just hummed, her expression still considering.

As he turned away though, his thoughts became more serious. 'And it's a good thing I was already planning on making this place a fortress,' Joshua thought to himself, his expression changing. Lots of wards would have to be added, and he probably wouldn't get away with much payment but that was fine. Jeanne's safety was priority anyway and if the two devil Kings could ensure that things went well for her, then it would be fine. They'd have to, really, since his wards would depend on that, as far as they would know.

Maybe they could have had better timing though, because it seemed they arrived just as the students were let out. As the pair of foreigners they were, they drew quite a bit of attention, which made Joshua's eye twitch. Having that many eyes on him was uncomfortable… 'Ignore them, just keep on moving,' He thought to himself. Fortunately, Margalo had flown away already and Cheshire was inconspicuous enough.

There were whispers around as they approached the gates directly and especially as they came to stand in front of one Sona Sitri, or Souna Shitori, as she was known in the mundane world.

"Joshua, Jeanne, good to see you both again," She greeted them, drawing even more pronounced reactions. The devil heiress must have noticed a change in his expression, because she soon added: "I'm sorry, I should have told you to come in… less crowded hours."

"It's fine," He waved off before taking a deep breath in and bringing his hands up to tie his hair. It probably didn't change much for others, but it made him feel more presentable, in a way. He needed that small reassurance. There were more whispers, but he did his best to ignore them. "So, about that tour?"

Just from that, Sona seemed to pick up all that she needed to know, because he saw her smile wider.

"Follow me this way, if you would," She said and it started.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Uh… I don't have anything to say, I don't think. I wasn't going to continue where the last chapter left off. I was actually going to leave that scene as it was without adding this chapter's start, but that felt… Wrong. So, yeah, that ended up being a thing.

I had to make some quick last minute changes to this chapter, so if there's any mistake, I'd appreciate it if you pointed them out so I can correct them.

Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you re-read stories you've liked? I do, fairly often, actually.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 288 others
Adrian King
Jul 10, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 57 - Started Down This One Way Track New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#236
Started Down This One Way Track

"Do you think you'll join the kendo club?" Joshua asked Jeanne as they walked. Sona was still giving them the tour, because apparently she'd decided to show them every club too. She was really doing her best to sell them the idea, which was kinda funny since he'd basically already convinced Jeanne. The look on his sister's face told him that the decision was all but made already.

"Sounds… too much like just a sport to me, really," Jeanne commented, which was fair. They were likely to get into real fights with very high stakes, like their lives. Having a sport to teach her how to use her swords would likely make things worse more than anything, or so they thought.

"Some other club then," He mused out loud. "Maybe not the Student Council or the Occult Research Club though," He added with a slight grin, to which Sona shot him a sheepish look.

"We do accept members that aren't in our peerages, you know?" The devil told them, to which he chuckled.

"Could have fooled me. How many such members do you two have between your groups?" Joshua asked, making the heiress look away and he was pretty sure there was a slight dusting of pink on her cheeks out of embarrassment. "That's what I thought. I'm sure you can find something to interest you. If not, well, you can just go home. There'll be the cafe, after all."

"I guess," Jeanne agreed, although she seemed a little overwhelmed by all that they'd been told since they arrived. Joshua guessed that with it being quite a while since she'd stopped going to school, she'd forgotten stuff. Nevermind the fact that schools were different in Japan.

He looked at the time then.

'As good an excuse as any to give her a break, I guess,' He mused with a small smile.

"Sona," He called, drawing the heiress's attention. "We were coming for a visit, sure, but I'd like to get some wards set up while I'm at it too and it's getting kind of late," He said. The devil's expression turned sheepish then, to which he chuckled. "I'm sure we can get the rest of the tour out of the way at some other time."

"Right," Sona said, nodding, even if she seemed slightly flustered. "Follow me, I'll take you to the Ward Room."

"Ward room?" Joshua asked.

"It's what we've started calling it," The girl said with a slight smile.

"Appropriate, I guess," He nodded, considering what to say next. "Anyway, I might be coming around a whole lot to set up wards if Jeanne is gonna come here. I'll run the wards by you, of course, but I thought I'd let you know that I plan to set up a lot. Or we'll have to look for another school, I guess, if that's not agreeable."

"There's no problem with that," Sona said, her back straightening.

"Sona, I know that letting me go wild with wards over your territory is… less than ideal for you. You can tell me, I'm not gonna get offended," He reassured her with a half smile.

"Nothing like that, Joshua," She denied instantly. "Rias and I are unlikely to be able to afford for you to set the best defenses you can. If all we have to do is welcome Jeanne here and give her a good experience at this school to get them, then I almost feel like I'm scamming you."

"Almost, but not quite, huh?" He noted with a raised eyebrow, to which she gave him a sheepish grin. "Devils, why'd I become friendly with your sort? You are incorrigible," He muttered, shaking his head.

"I do believe you should have known better, Joshua," A new voice called and they turned to look at Rias. Clearly, she'd gotten word that they were going her way or something.

"Rias, good to see you," He greeted with a smile. "I hope things have been going well?"

"I think you know the answer to that," The redhead replied, giving him a beaming smile, although she looked a little nervous too. He wondered why that was. "Thank you, for what you are doing for me."

"I believe I've already said that it's also for my own sake, really," He told her with an amused smile.

"Hm, I don't believe you made the math quite right with how much you are giving and getting back," The devil heiress said and he had to give her that point. He still wasn't sure he was losing all that much. Sure, he wasn't getting paid nearly as much as he could be, but he was building bridges. That was probably even better.

Maybe Sirzechs wouldn't owe him a favor, but the Satan Lucifer now was on friendly terms with him, and that was almost as good. Could even be better, depending on how he played his cards. His already budding friendship/alliance with Serafall would get even better. Hell, maybe he could build something with Ajuka, if the Satan Beelzebub got interested in his projects, like how he'd done with Azazel.

That was three Satans out of four. How many people could say that?

Joshua was fairly sure that he was doing well for himself.

"And I don't think you are seeing the whole picture," He replied with a shrug and a lazy smile. He couldn't really blame her for that. He did, after all, know many things he had no business knowing, after all. "Hey there, Koneko," He greeted, his grin widening a little out of amusement when Cheshire rushed towards the Nekoshou. "Kiba, Akeno," He added, then, nodding towards the other pair.

Joshua was supremely amused when the swordsman replied and instantly got his attention taken away towards Jeanne. His sister didn't do much better, almost beelining towards the Sword Birth holder. 'Man, they've got it bad, it seems… Makes me wonder why it was so difficult to convince her to come here… Or maybe she was playing me?' He considered narrowing his eyes on his sister.

Ultimately, he decided to let that go.

"She still doesn't like me much, huh?" Joshua said then, turning his attention to Akeno, who had muttered a greeting and then promptly excused herself to go prepare tea. She'd never really let go of that one time when he called her out on being half-fallen. It really hadn't been his fault though, he hadn't known what he did now when that happened.

"She doesn't," Koneko commented bluntly. "It's not your fault though."

"I guess?" He mumbled before sighing. Then he turned towards the white-haired girl. "I can leave you to take care of Cheshire while I work, right?" He asked, giving Koneko a somewhat amused look. After all, his feline familiar was already curled up on the girl's lap and the youkai turned devil seemed perfectly ok like that.

Koneko's agreeing hum just confirmed that.

"Well, I guess I should get on with it," He said to himself. "So, to the Ward Room, huh?" He added then, turning towards Rias and Sona. They were the owners of the place, after all.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua worked idly on a side project of his, scribbling ideas for a circle on a notebook he held on his lap. It was something he'd thought of a while back. He'd initially thought about asking Sairaorg to help him with this, but he was fairly sure he could make it himself. It'd just need a bit of work for the circle but the real problem would be crafting what he wanted.

He'd need to practice a fair bit to get Crafting to a proper level, if nothing else.

For the moment though, he just waited. He'd still called Sairaorg, after all, since he needed his help with a few things. Also, because he was a friend too, but that was a given.

"Hello, Joshua, doing well?" The devil greeted after appearing with a teleportation circle.

"Yeah, just fine," The human mumbled absently as he noted some final things down before looking up. "How's training going?"

"Great. Those last wards we added were a great idea, I gotta say," The Bael replied with a chuckle as he moved to take a seat on an armchair next to the couch Joshua was sitting on. "So, you said you need help with some things?"

"Yeah, first of all," Joshua started, once they were done talking about business, they could go back to normal chat, he supposed. "I need lockets like this one," He said, tapping his family locket, drawing a somewhat surprised look from Sairaorg. "Exactly like it, if possible."

"Hm, I can do that. I might need to take it for a bit while I contact the people for the job, so they can have the right idea," Sairaorg told him, sitting straight and clearing his expression to show how serious he was. "I promise nothing will happen to it. I'll look over the process myself."

"Thanks, I'd appreciate it," Joshua nodded, giving the devil a grateful smile. "I want to test some things and check if I can put some circles on it, but I want to make sure it'll go well before trying."

"Understandable," Sairaorg replied before tilting his head. "Anything else?"

"Yeah, I need to meet with the Church again. I was wondering if you'd accompany me once more," Joshua said with a slight grimace. "I could probably ask Serafall but…"

"That'd be overkill, same with Yasaka," Sairaorg nodded. "Sure, I can do that."

"Great. So about payment," Joshua started, waving his hand vaguely so the devil would say his price.

"Josh, buddy, considering everything, I think I still owe you a lot," Sairaorg commented wryly. "But I heard you made some communication artifacts?"

"Want some for your peerage? I can do that if you get me the materials," Joshua said, completely ignoring the first part. "They can be a little annoying, but I really should get some practice down anyway. I have a feeling I might make more of those in the future besides some projects I already have going on," He added absently, as he idly patted on the closed notebook on his lap before setting it aside.

"Great, I'll see what I can do about that. I can get you the materials, but I'm guessing you'd appreciate some study material for that?" Sairaorg offered and Joshua just gave him a half smile. The devil just chuckled. "Guessed as much. I guess I have stuff to look for then."

There was a moment of silence then and, normally, Joshua would have said something inconsequential, starting a random conversation. He'd most probably have started rambling about ward ideas that Sairaorg would listen to curiously or maybe the devil would suggest things for training. At any other time, Joshua would have filled that silence with something or just decided to go on their way. There were many things to be done, after all.

However, something in Sairaorg's expression gave him pause.

"Sairaorg?" Joshua prodded. He wasn't sure what was up with his devil friend, really. He just looked, pensive, like he'd gotten lost in thought all of a sudden. 'Is that what I look like when thinking about wards?'

"Sorry, I got distracted," Sairaorg replied, shaking his head. His eyes focused again, but the smile that he put on didn't reach his eyes. "I was just thinking… You are really going to try to duplicate the Phenex's healing power with wards, huh?"

"That's the idea. It'll help with your cousin's little problem and it'll be… very useful for me with your faction," Joshua admitted. Helping Rias was all well and good, but he was doing it more for himself. Having that kind of ward on his side would be a great boon. On top of that, he could solidify his position as an ally of the devils. And if they didn't quite hold up on their side of said alliance… Well, he was sure there would be a line of factions ready to take him in with such power behind him.

"Hm… I see," Sairaorg said, but he left it at that. "It seems my mind isn't quite there today," He added then, grimacing as he seemed to trail off after his previous words. "I'll leave you to your things then," He added, nodding towards the notebook on Joshua's lap. "Remember to call if you need anything."

"Sure, see you later, man," Joshua nodded, watching Sairaorg teleport away. 'Wonder what that was about…' He thought to himself before pushing that aside for the moment. He didn't have a clue, honestly. Maybe he'd ask the devil the next time they saw each other.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua concentrated on several things as he sat on the ground. He felt his magic and the magic around him. From his familiars and from Jeanne. He felt his wards, covering the entirety of his surroundings with a mantle of energy. Every layer of them felt different, some harsher, some softer, some warm, some cold, some whispered excitedly at him while others were stoic and silent.

He felt the life around him, from the smallest of insects and the very grass to his family around him. Every life, every breath, every heartbeat. He felt the energy shift. A plant's energy whimpered, telling him it was sick. Morag's energy all but cried out at the same time as fly's, both for very different reasons with very different emotions.

He focused mostly on his own energies though. His magic, restless and ambitious. His life, calm and content. He felt them move inside him, the first boundless and still contained, the second slow but very purposeful.

Once he felt his magic reserves full again, Joshua opened his eyes.

[Meditation has gone up a level.]

[Quest Complete: Reach a Meditation level of 50.

Reward:

+ 10 Mind Resistance Levels]

'That's great,' He thought instantly, a grin forming on his face. It wasn't a massive thing, for sure, but any level he got in Mind Resistance was very, very welcome. After all, he wasn't over the fact that his memories had been sealed just yet.

He'd managed to push through and keep living as he did, but the scar remained, throbbing at the back of his mind. What if there were other things that were blocked from his mind? What if there was some massive thing that was still hidden, some important memory that he needed to know about? What if he'd forgotten something key to who he was?

So, he yearned for the day he maxed Mind Resistance, if he was honest.

'Think about something else, Josh,' He told himself, shaking his head. The Meditation level was neat too, he supposed. It was a very useful skill, at least in regards to training and such. It meant that he could take a little break whenever he ran out of magic and be full power once more by the end of it if he just took the time to meditate. He wasn't sure how useful the much smaller buff to his regeneration in general was though.

Five percent certainly wasn't going to change his life, that was for sure. Still, it was better than not having it though, so he'd take it. Maybe he could get something more to add on top of that. There had to be some other skill, or perk, or something that would do the same thing. Joshua just needed to find it so he could stack the effects.

If not, well, it was still a plus, no matter what.

"Ready to go again?" Joshua asked then, turning towards Jeanne. Even without the system, he was pretty sure she recovered faster than she should. Maybe it was the Hero Descendant thing, or maybe meditation worked just as well without the system, but without the bonuses. Or maybe she just had a better affinity for that. There could be a ton of reasons for that…

And Joshua would admit to being curious. He'd even set up a few wards to keep track of Jeanne's progress in regards to some things. His sister had agreed to that, of course, since she was curious herself. She wanted to know what the Hero Descendancy meant for her besides the voices and maybe her Sacred Gear.

As it was, they'd found very little.

"Give me a minute, I'm almost ready," She called, from where she sat on the ground, just like he had a few moments ago. Nodding silently, so that she could continue meditating, Joshua turned towards the trees. He could get some aim practice, he thought, pulling two knives from his Storage Spell.

Juggling with one of them, he looked around once more. Sure enough, Morag was in the middle of a meal. Nagini was… meditating too, from what he could see and feel with his Magic and Life Sense. As for Cheshire and Margalo, the feline seemed to be trying to teach the bird Agility. That would probably be useful, yeah, and it was about time that his youngest familiar learned some magic skills. Maybe that would give her the push she seemed to need to evolve.

Before he could start throwing daggers at the trees around to practice for a bit… Joshua deflated. The game system was great and all, but progress was so slow, it was a bit demoralizing. He had literally no maxed skills just yet, unless one counted the Bond skills. He knew he didn't though, since those had had really low thresholds before it was raised by Shed.

It was stupid to think like that, Joshua knew. He was aware that he was very good with magic, which made little sense. The only explanations he had for that was that either he had a natural talent for that, or his mind worked differently from everyone else in that world, which gave him an edge. He was inclined to believe it was the second, but he wasn't very sure. For all he knew, it could be a completely different thing altogether.

'Stop thinking like that and get to training, will you?' He thought to himself, slightly annoyed. Maybe he was growing a little tired of the routine of working out, he supposed. A short vacation would probably help with that… 'Maybe. I did get done with the Kyoto job, which was the most pressing thing. There's the Phenex ward to work on but… Yeah, maybe I can take a few days off or something. What to do though…?'

As he pondered on that, he threw the first knife against a tree. A second soon followed, the motions almost happening on their own with very little thought being put into it. It gotten easy enough that he was starting to consider ideas to help challenge himself and hopefully increase the speed at which Dagger Master and Throwing Weapon Mastery rose. 'Trickshots or maybe doing this while blindfolded? Maybe something else?'

Idle musings were interrupted abruptly when he felt one of his wards send a signal to him. Tilting his head, Joshua focused his attention on that. It wasn't one of the wards at Kyoto, that was for sure. Not the Hunter's House either. It was…

His eyes narrowed.

Both Cheshire and Nagini looked up from where they were before they turned towards him. Margalo too but a second to notice that her teacher had suddenly put her attention elsewhere. Morag followed only a moment later too.

"Jeanne!" He called, making the girl's eyes snap wide open and her back straighten. "I'll be going for a bit," He told her, eyes still staring off to the side as he followed what his wards were telling him.

"Where?"

"I'll be at the Hunter's House for a bit. Call if you need me," He said, starting to move towards the knives he'd thrown to pick them up again. He wanted to go quickly, but there wasn't actually any rush from what he could feel. 'The prototype of adaptive Concealing Ward worked well out of testing too,' Joshua noted to himself.

"They sprung a trap?" His sister asked from his side and he saw her standing up and walking towards him. "I'll be going in a bit, the teleportation circles are draining."

"You can stay here, you know?" Joshua reminded her, grimacing a little. He'd really prefer it if she didn't go with him.

"I know it won't be pretty, Josh, I've told you," Jeanne told him, stopping him with a hand on his shoulder. "I'll gather the knives, just go. And I'll be following you in a bit, you can be sure of that."

"Jeanne-"

"Jeanne nothing," She interrupted with a determined expression on her face. "The voices have been preparing me for this, telling me what will happen and that it needs to happen. How this might go. I'll… I don't like it, but I accept it."

"... Well, I can only hope you won't get there too quickly, I guess," He said in the end, deflating a little. Maybe it was selfish of him, but he wanted to keep Jeanne away from the mess he was willingly walking into. Or maybe it was just hypocritical of him.

Or both, who knew?

"See you there, Josh," Jeanne told him as he started making his way inside. His familiars were already on the move to follow him. Cheshire was the first to reach him, naturally, soon followed by her student, Margalo. Morag was third, jumping on his back and then walking her way to the shoulder that wasn't occupied by the bird. Nagini was a little slower, but Joshua had to get ready for the teleportation circle anyway.

Eventually though, they all teleported to the Hunter's House. The trip was draining, very much so. It was expected though, especially considering that he'd brought all his familiars with him. Joshua almost felt like dropping for a nap then and there, but he had something to do.

Thankfully, he'd been pulling at the draining wards in the Hunter's House while waiting for Nagini. They proceeded to flood him with magic so that he could keep up. 'I'll have to charge those back up again later,' He thought to himself. Thankfully, there were a lot of redundant wards that he could take some energy from whenever he needed it, but he still didn't like doing that overly much.

"Wait for me here, yeah?" He said and his familiars did as they were told, with Margalo and Morag getting off of him. "Be right back," He added, teleporting again.

The drain wasn't nearly as bad, really, since it was just him and the distance wasn't as long as it was from all the way in Kyoto. He'd probably need to recharge again once he got back to the Hunter's House though. But that was something for later, as it was…

"Well, hello," Joshua greeted as he walked into a clearing in the forest. "I hope I didn't make you wait too long."

His only response was a grunt and a groan.

"Yeah, I know. Awfully inconsiderate of me to leave you here for that long, but I was sort of busy, you see?" He explained as he walked, his eyes scanning his surroundings. "There are more of you here than I thought, that's gonna be annoying…" He thought out loud as he counted. 'Yep, eleven, that sucks… That's…'

[Teleportation Spell - Lvl 6/50

A Spatial Spell which the user can cast to make a target appear somewhere else.

The user can teleport 6 targets.

Consumption with circle – C to ∞

Consumption without circle – A to ∞]

'Two trips…' He nodded.

"Well, some of you guys will have to wait for a bit longer while I teleport the others first, yeah? I hope you don't mind," Joshua said looking around.

One of the people around started breathing harshly.

"Are you worried?" He asked, turning to that particular person. "You shouldn't have joined Khaos Brigade, then. You see… I don't like your terrorist organization very much, since you keep attacking me and people I care about. Thus… Well, I decided to go a little on the offensive."

He grinned widely, a wicked smile that bode nothing good for the people that had fallen to his ward trap.

The one person that could see his face whimpered.


[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I referenced this last bit in a previous chapter or two, I'm sure. I wonder if anyone got that. Regardless, pieces are moving and, slowly but surely, we are moving away from canon. Soon, there'll be nothing left of it, or so I'd like this to turn out, at least. We all know how well I can predict stuff, so we'll see.

With that said, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you think will happen in the future of this story? Anything you are particularly looking forward to?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 289 others
Adrian King
Jul 10, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 58 - There’s No Turning Back New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#238
There's No Turning Back

Joshua teleported the Khaos Brigade agents to the Hunter's House basement while doing his best to keep any emotions from his face. He'd decided what to do long ago, he'd made his choices and he was fine with them. Too fine with them, maybe, but that was ok for him. He had people he cared about and Khaos Brigade's goals put them all directly in danger.

That wouldn't do.

At all.

"Man, we aren't-" With a snap of his fingers, Joshua silenced the magician that had started to talk. He knew the man was that, because of the feeling he got through Magic Sense, he had significantly more magic than most of the others. He considered what to do as everyone regarded him nervously, tied to chairs and muted by the Sound Dampening Ward.

"Don't even try anything," Joshua told them with a shrug and a "what can you do?" expression on his face. "Telling me you aren't Khaos Brigade isn't gonna work, you know why? Because of…" He trailed off as he approached one of the magicians and searched his clothes for a bit. "... this," He finished, pulling out a piece of paper with a circle drawn on it. "This is remarkably similar to the circle one of the people that attacked my home used as a signal for more Khaos Brigade to come for a visit."

With that said, he looked at the thing for a bit, waving it lazily in the air. He could see that his lack of concern was scaring some of the others that held onto the circles. He'd already taken measures to obscure the signal the circles sent out, after all. Nobody would be finding them through those means, or any other, if Joshua had any say in the matter.

"I would suggest not trying to be tough either," He advised, taking a deep breath in and expecting to be disappointed. "But I don't think you'll listen to that, honestly."

With a snap of his finger again, the silencing ward fell. Nobody talked for a bit though, as he tilted his head towards them. Eventually, one of them found their voice.

"You think you can just make us talk or something?" A man asked, and Joshua could see clear as day that he was the warrior type. He was big, with broad shoulders and he imagined there were muscles everywhere in his body. At least from what could be seen, that was the impression Joshua got.

"I think so, yeah," He answered with a nod and the slightest of smiles. A grin that held no mirth or joy, just a resigned feeling. He didn't want to do what he was going to, but he would.

"You were going to start without me, huh?" A new voice asked, and Joshua felt even more bitter than before. Turning, he saw Jeanne standing on the higher steps of the stair leading up to the house. "That's just mean, Josh."

"Yeah, well, I'd hoped I could get the unpleasantness out of the way before you showed up," He admitted with a shrug as the Khaos agents looked between them nervously. That is, until they saw Nagini slithering her way down to the basement too. With her came the other familiars too, Morag, riding on the snake's head, Cheshire, stepping down calmly in her lynx form, and Margalo, who flew right at Joshua and settled on his shoulder.

One of the female Khaos Brigade members would have fallen off her chair when his feline familiar changed into her tiger form. She would have, really, if not for the fact that she was bound to a chair. Another, a man that looked like he had an assassin build going on or something, started sweating bullets as Nagini got uncomfortably close to him, all but licking him with her forked tongue. Morag, meanwhile, slowly crawled her way to someone else and started climbing up their leg.

"So, how are we gonna do this?" Jeanne asked, completely ignoring his previous words as she walked in and tilted her head at the Khaos members. "The voices had some ideas for swords that sounded… effective," She offered, although Joshua could see her face pull into a grimace, even if she hid it well.

"You know I can do this by myself, right? You don't have to take part in this," Joshua reminded her kindly, for a second deciding to forget the fact that they were surrounded by the enemy. His familiars would make sure they didn't try anything.

"Josh, don't be an idiot. I know you aren't one," His sister replied and he sighed. Shoulders deflating, he turned to the people tied to chairs and regarded them tiredly. He really, really didn't want to do what he was going to do, especially in front of Jeanne. However…

"Fine," He sighed again. "I was going to point out to them that I have very good weighing wards that I usually use for training. I'm sort of curious what those can do when I push them further. Will they squash them against the ground? Will they do something else to them? There's the Weakening Ward too. What would happen to them if I weaken them too much? Would their bones break under their own weight if they are weak enough? Or what about the Draining Ward? I'm sure I can make a ward that'll drain their life instead of their magic."

With every word, every sentence, Joshua saw them paling and he allowed himself a smile, an empty one, but a smile nonetheless. He wasn't really lying, after all. He was curious, even if he was also disgusted by those thoughts. He couldn't even really tell if those were the intrusive kind or just a messed up part of him. Would it make a difference? In the world he now lived in, maybe those thoughts would be useful, repulsive as they were.

"So, there's two options here, you'll all talk or I'll start experimenting," Joshua told them. He wasn't very surprised when nobody spoke right away. Disappointed, yes, but not surprised. "Well, I'll give you all a bit to think that over. Meanwhile, Jeanne, could you be a dear and look for a notebook so we can note down whatever they say?"

He could have just pulled one from a card, but that wasn't the point. He was going to give them a minute or so, and then he'd start applying his threat. He only needed to imagine what would have happened if any of his encounters with Khaos Brigade had gone differently. He only needed to remember what they'd cause if he did nothing, or think about a scenario in which his actions somehow made things worse.

He couldn't allow that. Joshua would hate to do what he knew he had to. He'd hate himself and he'd be disgusted. However, the people he cared about would be fine. His eyes found the cars on his wrists. He hadn't caused those injuries himself, but they were a reminder of what he'd lost already. A life and a family that he'd never get back.

He wouldn't allow that to happen again.

[}-o-{]​

"Are you sure it's a good idea, Joshua?" Sairaorg asked from the other side of the phone. They were past those days when they'd only communicate through fliers. Apparently, that was a thing to give people a more reassuring look at devils, from what he'd been told. It allowed them to think that getting rid of the flier was all it took. Granted, that wouldn't actually stop a devil, but people could be irrational at the best of times, let alone when they were afraid.

It was also less personal for everyone involved, or so Sairaorg had explained.

On top of all that, fliers could connect anywhere unlike phones. It was sort of the same thing that happened with Joshua's necklaces. They'd connect anywhere. He'd even taken steps to prevent magical ways of stopping the communication. Twisting the basic magical formula so that it was more difficult to interfere with.

Also, magical means of communication could be magically draining, depending on distance. It was why he'd had to add a wardstone to the necklaces and why it was a single use thing before recharging. Fliers were very basic things and they were either connected to the devil owner or to an array at their home, so that they'd be able to power it with no issue. Even the flier given to humans was like that, which was why devils mostly stuck to spreading them on their own territory.

"Josh?"

"Sorry, I got distracted," He apologized, almost chuckling as he saw Jeanne roll her eyes at him. "But yeah, I'm sure. I've texted everyone that should know about this, just to be on the safe side. I doubt they'll do anything rash, man. I would have liked to wait too, but something came up."

"Something you aren't telling me about," Sairaorg said, although he was being accusatory, at least. He was probably just concerned, he supposed. Joshua'd been open about a lot of stuff after they'd become friends, after all.

"I'll tell you, but I gotta have a few talks to see if I can," He explained with a slight grimace as Jeanne and him continued walking. He only had Cheshire with him at the moment, walking besides him in her cat form. "Shouldn't be too much of a problem, really, but you know me," He added, for whatever that was worth.

"Hm… if you say so. Well, I'll be expecting compensation for this, man," Sairaorg said, his tone light. Joshua just rolled his eyes.

"Sure, my place one of these days. Sounds good?"

"Sounds good," Sairaorg replied cheerfully before continuing. "I'll leave you to your secret stuff. See you later, Josh."

"Later," Joshua replied simply before hanging up.

"Sairaorg being a worrywart?" Jeanne asked with a raised eyebrow. "I remember when you were like that."

"You say that like I'm not one still."

"Eh, you've relaxed a bit," His sister said with a shrug of her shoulders. "We've gotten stronger though, so that could explain it. Especially you with your wards, I guess."

"That could be it, not that we are inside my wards now though," Joshua mumbled, feeling unease creep inside him. He pushed it down though. It was irrational. "Good thing we've made some powerful friends, huh?"

"Indeed," Jeanne agreed as they stepped inside a cafe. Joshua noticed his sister taking in the whole business, looking at everything like she was dissecting the place in her head. She was definitely going to take over their own cafe once she learned how, he was sure.

As for Joshua himself, he was more busy sensing the defenses that had been placed around the place. Magic Sense read through the basic privacy and anti-mundane spells like they were an open book. There were other things that had been cast, but those were a little harder to pick up on. There were some defenses, for sure, and some nasty surprises. He knew those weren't meant for him or his though, because there was no way someone would just backstab him like that when he was on friendly terms with so many high up people. Not for no reason whatsoever, at least.

"Griselda, good to see you again," Joshua greeted as Jeanne and him approached the table the exorcist was sitting at. "Xenovia, doing well?"

"Yes," Was the curt response he got from the blue-haired girl.

"Mr. Davis, it's good to see you too," The adult greeted, much more friendly. That was about what Joshua had expected though. He knew Xenovia had no lost love for the devils and he was an ally of those. "I must admit, I expected your call much earlier. We heard you'd finished setting up defenses for the youkai some time ago."

"I did," He confirmed with a nod as he took his seat in front of the two exorcists, Jeanne taking the chair next to his and Cheshire jumping on the table. To their credit, neither woman really seemed to think much of that last thing. 'Thank God for small mercies, huh?' He thought to himself before focusing on the present. "And I was actually gonna wait for a bit longer to meet you. Something came up, however, and I wanted to get in contact with several people as quickly as possible."

"Oh?" Griselda seemed surprised by that. Although, it made sense, all things considered. After all… "I thought this would be solely about the payment for mentioning us during your job with the youkai."

"Honestly, I don't care much for that," He admitted, which didn't seem to surprise her very much. 'Guess I have a reputation already?' He wondered to himself, somewhat amused. "We can discuss that too, but afterwards. I wanted to talk about something that I came across just yesterday."

"And what would that be?" Griselda asked just as a waiter came up and set a drink for everyone. Joshua looked down at his cup of tea and then his eyes moved towards the coffee in front of Griselda. Jeanne had one of those too while Xenovia had… hot chocolate, if he had to guess. 'Definitely have a reputation,' Joshua mused, somewhat amused by the fact that, apparently, that detail had come up somewhere when talking about him.

"Khaos Brigade," He said and Griselda's eyes widened while Xenovia looked mostly confused. It seemed that someone wasn't in on that, which wasn't very surprising when he considered how canon had gone. "Let's just say that I don't like them, yeah? And I have a vested interest in seeing them gone."

"I… see… That was part of what we knew about you," Griselda told him, regarding him as if trying to pry whatever was in his head with her eyes. "They are a rather problematic group, I have to say."

"Don't I know it," Joshua replied with a sardonic half-smile. "I'm gonna be offering people my services and information I come across regarding them. In exchange, I want these people to take care of them."

"You do know that the factions are already trying to do that, right, Mr. Davis?" Griselda asked, raising an eyebrow at him. "It's not for a lack of motivation that we don't, I assure you."

"Hm, I'm not too sure about that," Joshua replied, taking a sip from his cup of tea to hide an expression that would probably be seen as a little too hostile. "Mainly because I think it'd go a lot better if factions worked together against them."

"That's… likely more complicated," Griselda said then, making him chuckle.

"I know, which is why I'll make things a little easier, or so I hope," Joshua told her, setting his cup down again. "It's just a project. I'm sure you'll have to discuss this with people higher than you, whoever they are."

"You said you sped this up because something came up," Griselda pointed out and he smirked. "That's because you found something that we could use. Something time sensitive."

"I did," Joshua nodded.

"But you won't share it with us until we agree?" Xenovia was the one to ask that, earning herself a pointed look from the older woman. The glare she was getting from Griselda was probably burning the side of her head, or so Joshua assumed. "Why doesn't it surprise me, considering that you get along with devils?"

"You can think whatever you want," Jeanne hissed at her before Joshua simply waved both of them off.

"I would give the information I got to you, honestly, but this works well to prove my point," He explained with a shrug. "After all, if you had information that the devils could use to fight Khaos Brigade, would you give it to them?" He asked with a raised eyebrow.

"There's enmity between the Church and the Devils, Mr. Davis," Griselda told him. "There's no such thing between you and us, I'd hope."

"Hm, I don't know about that," He mused, his eyes moving towards Xenovia for a moment. "But besides that, I'm not gonna work only with you. I'd expect you to get me information like that, which I'll pass to the devils. It would work the other way around too if things go the way I want them to."

"That's…" Griselda started before pausing. "Unlikely to work."

"Well, I guess that'll be your answer. A shame, really," Joshua said with a shrug. Maybe they'd change your mind later down the road. He could only hope so. As it was… "Well, I guess we can talk about payment now, then."

"Of course, Mr. Davis," She nodded, but he could see she was barely paying attention to that. It was likely that she was still processing everything he'd just thrown at her.

"Well, in all your knowledge that I don't know how you gather," Joshua started, drawing a somewhat prideful smirk from the woman. "You seem to know how my negotiations usually go."

"Which is to say that they don't exist," Griselda finished, making him chuckle.

"I guess that's one way to say it," He admitted. "So, I'll just say this, wardstones, artifacts and books that could help with warding," He supplied simply. That was basically the same list he was giving most people, really. However, he'd come up with some changes. For example, he had lots of books about warding, but those had come from devils, so, with some luck she'd provide new things. "I have lots of those latter ones, but I'm sure you can find different stuff than my previous… suppliers."

Slowly, Griselda nodded, clearly figuring out what he was getting at. Xenovia did too, if the scowl on her face was anything to go by. Next to him, Jeanne sat tense, even with her cup in her hands. Evidently, his sister was watching the other girl like a hawk. 'Maybe it was a bad idea to bring her.'

"I'll be starting to dabble into Hex magic too, but I'm not sure if you can help with that," He added too. He'd been hesitant to do so. Never had he seen much saying that the Church had something against the practice, but it still made him a little nervous. Especially because there were some pieces that said it could be the case.

"I don't think we'll be able to provide that latter one, but we can work with the rest, Mr. Davis," Griselda replied. There was some movement made there that told Joshua she likely had put a calming hand on Xenovia's lap or something. 'So, it is something they don't like, huh?' He mused.

"Well, that's all I wanted to talk about, honestly… Although," He said, before frowning, which seemed to make the woman tense up. He wasn't sure why though, she'd been pretty calm during the whole conversation, regardless of how it went. "Didn't I tell you to call me Joshua?" He asked, earning himself a chocked reaction from both, Jeanne and Xenovia.

Meanwhile, the woman's cheeks colored slightly.

[}-o-{]​

"Well, this should be interesting," Azazel commented as he entered the room where Joshua had summoned every high up ally of his. Which wasn't saying much, really, considering it was just the Fallen Angel, Serafall and Yasaka. 'Then again, maybe my view is skewed there,' He considered as he looked at the three. He imagined not many could summon three faction leaders. And a god to boot, if one counted Shed's presence with the Charm.

"Did you really need to invite him?" Yasaka asked then, ignoring the Governor with infinite patience as the Fallen leered at her. Serafall, meanwhile, simply giggled at the two of them. Joshua half wondered if he should have asked for someone else to come to the meeting. However, Azazel was the one he knew better, sadly.

"I'm sorry," He apologized with a wry smile as he took a deep breath in to gather his thoughts. "I called you three here because I'm becoming a little more… proactive regarding Khaos Brigade," Those words alone seemed to pull the atmosphere of the room from any levity it might have had before. Yasaka, in particular, threw a very intent stare his way. "I've started laying traps out in places that aren't within anyone's territory, to see if I can catch them when they are lurking around. The other day, I succeeded."

"Oh, for a second there I thought you were going to ask for permission or something," Azazel pointed out with a grin, although it seemed almost empty. Joshua could see clear as day how the gears turned inside the Governor's mind. "I'm guessing you got something?"

"I got some information that should be useful," He answered with a nod, bringing his tea up to take a sip. The action didn't seem to be well received from any of the three leaders, but he needed it to keep his calm. "Useful but not for any of you, sadly. It involved the Church, after all."

"Troublesome that," Yasaka muttered. "Also explains your message from the other day."

"Indeed, I've already contacted them. I have somewhat of a connection to them, even if it's nothing like you three," Joshua explained then, drawing a tilt of Serafall's head and a blink from Yasaka. Azazel, for his part, remained as he was, listening. "I've asked them if they'll work together with me to take care of this… mess."

"And by extension us," The Fallen Angel guessed, correctly at that. Joshua nodded to that, taking in the three of them. He didn't even know why he did that. He wasn't good enough to actually get a read of three people that were who knew how many times older and more experienced than he was.

"Bold move, as expected of Joshua," Serafall nodded, her expression of childish seriousness drawing a smile from him. Count on her to be serious and still be silly.

"If I get any more information, I'll share it with you, guys. Can I expect you to work together for this? I think we can agree that these people are… Worth the hassle of dealing with Azazel," Joshua said, drawing a giggle from Serafall and a smile from Yasaka.

"That hurts, Joshua, right here," The Fallen lamented, dramatically placing a hand over his chest.

"I guess that's true enough," Serafall agreed with a nod in between laughs.

"What about the Church, what did they say?" Yasaka asked then, drawing a smile from Joshua that said it all. "Ah, troublesome as always, I guess."

"They are meanies, as expected," Serafall nodded with a pout.

"I'll lay it out that I plan to offer my own services if it'll help you guys get over any reservations you might have to work with each other. I'll mediate for the information and I'll offer wards and anything else I can offer for this," Joshua explained, making Azazel straighten up. "Within reason," He added, making the Governor deflate.

"Hm, so very tempting. Although, I'm already in your debt, so I don't think I'll be taking you up on that offer, Joshua, much as it pains me to pass up that chance," Yasaka said, although her expression didn't seem very regretful despite her words.

"And Sirzechs and I already owe you for what you are doing. I'm sure everything will be fine. I'll have to talk about this with Falbium though," Serafall added, although her face twisted in a grimace of annoyance at the last part. He could tell it wasn't very serious though, which was reassuring. 'That was the lazy Satan, wasn't it? Can't remember what he was in charge of. Defense or something? Makes sense that she'd have to talk to him, I guess.'

"Ah, I'm sure I can be convinced with some more data and wards related to Sacred Gears," Azazel agreed easily with a wide grin. He didn't seem to mind the reproachful gazes of the two women in the room. Joshua didn't much care for that though. His plan seemed to be working rather well, which was all that he cared about. He hadn't given much thought to the political side of things, as usual, but it seemed that things had worked out in the end.

Now he just needed to continue as he was. Set up more traps and gather more information. With some luck, his project would snowball into taking down the entire organization. One could only hope.

"Speaking of, I might need help dealing with the Khaos Brigade members I caught and will probably catch," He commented with a wry smile. Immediately, a dangerous glint appeared in Yasaka's eyes.

"That can be easily taken care of."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Man, I missed writing slice of life in this chapter. I almost added some of that at the end there, but it wouldn't really fit into the chapter. Had to cut that out and leave it for the next one.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Which of the "experiments" mentioned do you think is the worst?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 286 others
Adrian King
Jul 11, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 59 - I Know What I’m Fighting For New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#240
I Know What I'm Fighting For

"Best thing about coming here so far," Joshua commented, picking up a fry from in front of him and taking a bite of it.

"Boys," Corianna mumbled, rolling her eyes at him as she leaned back and crossed her arms. "If you were going to complain the whole time, you could just have, you know, not come."

"Yeah, I should have done that, huh?" He said, pointedly looking at Jeanne whose eyes were focusing on anything but him. He sighed. "Thank G-" He stopped then, blinking and grimacing. "Storage Spells are a blessing I haven't been thankful enough for," He finished then, giving Corianna and Kuisha an apologetic smile. Fortunately, they didn't seem to care about the near slip. If anything, they seemed pleased that he'd avoided it at all.

"They are, aren't they?" Kuisha agreed with a grin, picking up a fry for herself from her own carton.

"Makes me wonder why someone decided to drag me here," Joshua added, receiving an elbow to the ribs from his sister. He dutifully ignored her.

"Well, we do need a man's opinion from time to time," Corianna supplied with a smile that almost seemed to mock him. It made his eye twitch in annoyance, but he refrained from otherwise reacting. "And the others know to run for the hills already."

"So, it's just because I'm an idiot," Joshua muttered, picking up another fry. "Noted."

"We do appreciate the help though," Kuisha offered with an apologetic smile that he waved off.

"Don't worry about it. I guess there had to be drawbacks from being Jeanne's brother," Joshua said before sighing. "Besides the cooking, that is."

"What's that supposed to mean. I've gotten better!" The aforementioned girl protested immediately, drawing scoffs from her two female friends.

"Believe it or not, she has," Joshua supplied in her support. Both devils regarded him with wide, shocked eyes. "I know, right?"

"What's that supposed to mean?!" Jeanne asked, looking at them all with her best scandalized look.

"You have my condolences," Corianna offered for him, with a very apologetic smile, a contrast to her previous one. "What you must have suffered, you poor, poor thing."

"Did I tell you about the time she burnt-"

"Josh!" Jeanne interrupted, narrowing her eyes at him. In turn, he picked another fry, put it in his mouth and grinned unrepentantly at her. That's what she got for dragging him there in the first place.

"You complain a lot, but why did you want to come to this mall in particular?" Corianna asked, raising an eyebrow and getting the other two to focus intently on him. They'd certainly been intrigued when he'd asked to go to that specific place.

Instead of answering, his expression cleared and he took a sip from his soda. His eyes, however, moved off to the side. There was nothing there though. Or nothing that the girls could catch when they followed his gaze. After all, it wasn't there, but further in that direction.

'Why did I ask to come here?' Joshua wondered to himself, silently picking up another fry and eating it. Neither of the three girls said anything then, no questions were asked. In the end, after what must have been a very long minute, he sighed.

"Guess I should get it over with, huh?" He mumbled, mostly to himself.

"Josh?" Jeanne asked as he stood up.

"You girls stay here, yeah? I have something to do," He told them with a smile he hoped didn't look as fake as he knew it was. "I'll come back and we'll finish this, yeah? I'll even promise not to complain."

"Hm… Sure?" Jeanne replied, unsure.

With that said, he started walking. At several points, he felt like stopping. What was the point? Why was he there at all? Why'd he even feel like going there? What was he going to do or say? What were they going to do or say? Cheshire pressed against his leg as he continued walking, skillfully avoiding getting in the way.

He squared his shoulders, as if he were walking into a battlefield, and pushed open the glass door of a store.

"Welcome, what can I do for you?" The man behind the counter asked as he turned to regard him. 'Do I look that different?' Joshua wondered as he realized that the man had not, in fact, recognized him.

"Hey, Phil, long time no see," He greeted, doing his best to keep the awkwardness out of his voice. "How are the twins doing?"

"... J-Joshua?" The man asked, barely above a whisper as his eyes widened and his mouth fell open.

"In the flesh," He replied, grinning as he brought a hand to scratch his neck. This wasn't exactly how he'd envisioned this meeting, but he also didn't know what he'd expected in the first place.

"You look… You look well," Phil said as he started walking around the counter and towards him. Before he knew it, Joshua was pulled into a hug. "Nobody could get a hold of you after… Where have you been, Josh?"

"I was… Pulling myself together, I guess," He answered truthfully. "I'm sorry for disappearing."

"Josh, you don't have to apologize for that," Phil said, pulling back and looking him straight in the eyes. "I… It couldn't have been easy for you. We all knew how you were, I can't say that I blame you for what you did. I just… We were worried you'd do something…"

He left it at that, but Joshua was very aware of the scars on his wrists that he'd long since hidden behind illusions.

"I… Sarah-" Phil started then.

"I met her already," Joshua interrupted with a half smile that reassured his uncle. Ex-uncle, actually, but his parents had never quite cared about that and neither had he. "I've already dealt with her."

"Is… that so?" Phil said, blinking at him as if he'd suddenly shifted into something else all of a sudden. "You've changed."

"I guess I have," Joshua nodded. "So, about the twins?"

[}-o-{]​

Joshua groaned, setting down the scroll of parchment in front of him and reaching for the tea cup that Fuyuko had left for him a minute ago. Taking a sip, he massaged his forehead as he tried to ease up his annoyance and frustration. He had to remind himself that progress was being made, slow as it was.

"You know you could have someone translate that, right, dad?" Kunou pointed out and his lips pulled into a smile. One that she returned. That twinge of happiness that happened whenever she called him that wasn't going away, it seemed. "It'd make learning from that much easier, wouldn't it?"

"I could and it would," He agreed with a nod and another sigh. "But I have an ally in Shed and I hope the Egyptian pantheon can be one with time, maybe. That means I should make an effort to learn about their language… or at least the written form. There are translation spells for actual speech, thankfully."

"Hm, if you say so…" The little girl agreed, even if she didn't seem too convinced. Joshua simply shook his head and took another sip from his drink.

"Think about it this way. Weren't you surprised when you found out that I knew Japanese?" Joshua tried, this time with a different approach. When she nodded, he continued. "It's like that. I didn't need to do that and you weren't expecting me to, but finding that out pleased you, right? It shows that I care and that I put in the effort to learn your language. It's a sign of respect, in a way. Or so I think, at least."

"I guess that makes sense," Kunou replied, humming as she considered that. "Well, you'll just have to get through that then," She added, beaming innocently at him. He knew, however, that she was entirely too pleased to see him struggle with something as she'd been with Illusion Magic ever since he started teaching her.

"It's not cute to enjoy others' suffering, Kunou," He told her, mock chastising her as he planted a hand on her head and ruffled her hair.

"You still think I'm cute though," She shot back, making him chuckle.

"Well, you aren't wrong about that," He admitted with a shake of his head. "Now, back to studying with you," He told her, grinning widely at her following whine. "If I have to suffer, so do you, young lady."

"I know, old man," She said, sticking out her tongue at him.

"And remember not to have the illusion fla-"

"Will you shut up about that!" The little girl protested, whining even louder than before. "I make one mistake one time and-"

"To be fair, it was quite the spectacular mistake," Joshua interrupted, still smiling at her, rather amused all of a sudden. "I don't think the servants are likely to forget about it."

"You won't let me live it down," She finished, glowering at him while she was at it. "Stop being mean, dad, or I'll change my mind about that."

"Ha, as if!" He barked out a laugh. "Besides, it was a permanent thing, you know? You are stuck with me now, deal with it."

"Idiot," She grumbled, even though she was failing miserably at keeping down a smile of her own.

"Ah, no respect from my own daughter," He lamented, drawing a giggle from the girl as she leaned against his side. "I wasn't joking, you gotta go back to work or your mother will think I spoil you."

"You already do though," Kunou pointed out, making him grin.

"Yeah, but she doesn't need to know that."

"Bold of you to assume I don't," They both heard, tensing at being caught red handed. Joshua then turned slowly to face Yasaka, who was raising an eyebrow at him. "Something to say?"

"Your daughter is entirely too adorable. It's not my fault," Joshua argued instantly, with Kunou shooting her mother the baby kit eyes for good measure.

"Oh? I see then," Yasaka mused, walking towards the table and taking a seat. "I guess I should do something so that you can't spoil her so much then."

"Ah, I think that'd make her hate you."

"And we can't have that, can we?"

"I mean, I know I can't have that," Joshua said with a shrug, even though he was still grinning. "My guess is that you'll just have to put up with it. I promise I'll keep the spoiling to a… Well, I'll keep it from going too far."

"Not to a minimum."

Joshua's silence was enough of a response, he felt. However, he really couldn't be faulted for that. Anyone that could not spoil Kunou when she was giving them her baby kit eyes was a monster and he refused to believe otherwise. It was how it was and that was that.

"No chance whatsoever that you can be the disciplinarian, huh?"

"If that's what you wanted, you should have known better," Joshua told Yasaka with an apologetic smile.

"You'll turn my own daughter against me at this rate, you know?" The faction leader lamented, even though both of them could tell she was still joking. "At this rate she'll like you more than she likes me."

"I'm sure that's not the case, is it, Kunou?" He asked, turning to the blond child as he spoke.

"I love you, mom," Said child told her mother as she moved to pull the woman into a hug.

"I guess everything's fine then," Yasaka said, returning the gesture instantly and smiling widely. "So, how are things going for you two?"

"Well, she's trying her best to get away from doing her homework," Joshua ratted out instantly, drawing a dirty look from the little girl. "But I'm doing the same, so I can't really blame her, honestly."

"Ah, still struggling with Ancient Egyptian, huh?" Yasaka asked, drawing a grimace from him.

"Struggling is one word for it, I guess," He muttered under his breath, aware that they probably heard him anyway. His eyes moved to the side, momentarily calling for a screen.

[Ancient Egyptian - Lvl 5/50

Determines the user's ability to understand Ancient Egyptian.]

"I'm sure you'll get it eventually."

"I mean, I have to. I'm half convinced Shed sent me the reward like this on purpose," Joshua replied before sighing. "Not sure why, but that had to be on purpose. Although, it could just as well be a prank," He added. Because if what he remembered about Faction leaders was even remotely accurate, doing this kind of thing as a joke would be something a god would totally do. "Regardless, learning a language is never a waste, that's for sure."

"Hm, if only someone thought the same way."

"But languages are hard," Kunou whined, very aware that the comment had been directed at her. It hadn't been exactly subtle, after all. Besides, they were the only ones in the room, so that made it even harder to miss the actual meaning of the statement. "And I'm already learning a bunch. And Joshua is helping with my English," She mumbled, her voice losing volume with each word.

"And she's doing amazingly at that," Joshua offered, drawing a beaming smile from the little girl.

"And about your side project?" Yasaka asked then and he could see the shift that had happened there.

"Oh, side project?" Kunou prodded then.

"This is one I can't tell you about, little one," Joshua told her with an apologetic expression. "Sorry, but you'll have to continue working while we talk about this, ok?"

"Ah, Sound Dampening Ward?" Kunou asked, deflating slightly.

"Yes," He confirmed with a nod. "It'll just be a moment, then we can continue procrastinating together. I think we can work on Project Strategy a bit, don't you? But only after you finish with your homework."

"Ok!" Kunou exclaimed, scampering off to do just that. Then Joshua turned to regard Yasaka after pulling up the aforementioned wards to give the two of them some privacy.

"Maybe I don't have as much to worry about as I previously thought," The woman commented, giving him and Kunou a smile she usually used whenever he was acting particularly fatherly with the child. Joshua would admit that it still made him somewhat uncomfortable to act that way, especially once it was pointed out or he realized what he did. It was a relief to know that he was doing a decent enough job at it though, he supposed.

"I try," He replied, rubbing the back of his neck self-consciously. "So, about my 'side project'. It's… going. No other traps were triggered, but I've been setting up more of them, now that I have a better idea of where it's a good place to put them around. It took a while when it was just outside Sairaorg's territory, but chances should go up as time goes on. At least before they realize what's happening."

"And the Church?"

"Nothing," He answered with a grimace. "Guess I'll have to act on that information myself if they don't. At least I can probably get away with it. Not like I can pass you the information and let you deal with it. It's in Church territory, after all. With any luck, they'll see sense."

"And if not, Azazel, Serafall and myself will have your back if the Church causes you any trouble for doing their job for them," Yasaka reassured, which made him sigh and deflate. "We do want to get rid of Khaos Brigade too, Joshua."

"Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one that wants that," He grumbled to himself before sighing once more. He was doing a lot of that, it seemed. "Stupid politics."

"They can be annoying, yes, but it's how the world works," Yasaka told him, with a sympathetic expression. "Even if we don't like it."

"You can say that again," Joshua muttered.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

Joining Kuoh Academy was… surprisingly easy, she found. Then again, it was a school that housed two devil peerages, so Jeanne guessed she shouldn't be overly surprised. Considering how often the two heiresses probably had to spell everyone into believing this or that, they most likely had practice making things that would stand out go unnoticed.

Thus, when she started attending the school as a transfer student, few people seemed to find it strange or anything. It did draw attention to her, but more due to the foreign looks she sported than anything else. Nobody seemed to question the fact that she transferred out of nowhere at all.

Jeanne was fine with that. It was much better than what she'd been expecting, that was for sure. What she wasn't so fine with was the perverts that were around. The trio of degenerates were likely to get a sword put through them, if she was honest. Or a dagger, if Joshua got to them first, that is. Rias and Sona had profusely apologized for them and told her the reasoning behind the light punishments they had.

Jeanne hadn't been impressed though and she'd wasted no time at all telling the two that Joshua would be very displeased if he were to hear about the trio causing her trouble. The look on both devils had said it all and Jeanne almost wanted to know what had happened after that. Almost, but she didn't care enough about those three to put more effort than she needed to behind that. She was perfectly fine just forgetting they existed.

It was nice though, to know that she had the support of her family in regard to such matters. Before Joshua, she'd never have dreamed of her parents even caring if she was uncomfortable with something at school. Now though, she knew her brother would likely go to the very Satans themselves and threaten them into taking care of the problem if he had to, for her.

Her life had certainly taken a turn, ever since she followed the voices away from home and ultimately found Joshua.

"Life takes interesting turns at the most unexpected of times," A voice told her. She agreed, of course, but the words made her remember how different her life was in regards to that now. She wasn't the weird girl that spaced out all the time and did strange things out of nowhere anymore.

It had something to do with the fact that her life was much better now than it'd been before, she was sure. She had less things to worry about, which meant that the voices had less reasons to speak to her in a way that drew her focus away from the present. She also learned to accept them too, which made all the difference.

She was aware of them before, and Jeanne had always listened to them because she trusted them. However, she had never been as accepting of them as she was now. She'd always wanted for them to stop being there, even if they were helpful. Jeanne had craved to be normal like everyone else and the voices had always been a reminder that she wasn't. Now, however, she didn't care for that.

It made listening to them much easier, she found.

"Ready to keep going?" Kiba asked and Jeanne had to fight to keep herself from swooning like one of those silly girls from school. She couldn't criticize them too badly though, considering that she was hardly any different. She just had better control.

"Ah, young love," Another voice said and Jeanne's eye twitched. This seemed to be the one subject they were useless about. Overall not bad but still very annoying.

"Yeah," She agreed simply, standing up and pulling her sword with her as she went to stand in front of Kiba in the circle that was drawn on the space behind their home. Before they started though, the referee, Rias, seemed to have something to say though.

"Please tell Joshua that we are very grateful that he's allowing us to train here," The redhead said in a way that left Jeanne with no doubt that the girl would very much like to express said gratitude. It seemed that helping her had put Joshua in the girl's sights. Unsurprising, really, and slightly amusing, Jeanne would admit.

It was very, very funny to be witness of how her brother seemed to pull the attention of females left and right. It was extra entertaining because he didn't even seem to be aware of it. Entertaining but understandable, since Joshua was basically useless in regards to social interactions.

There was Yasaka, who seemed like the most likely 'candidate' as it were. She'd started off looking like the opposite of that, but little Kunou had changed things. Jeanne didn't have anything concrete to back her theory, but she was sure the girl was looking for a way to turn her unofficial dad into an official one.

Then there was Serafall… who Jeanne wasn't very sure about. However, she had the inkling that something was going on there. Jeanne knew Joshua was very talented and was drawing a lot of attention from high up people, but surely that didn't guarantee that many visits from a Satan, right? Hell, some of them hadn't even been for business or anything. Then again, maybe she was seeing things there.

There was Kuisha, who was struggling a whole lot to get into Joshua's radar, the poor thing. Jeanne's friend just didn't have the right excuses to get close to her brother, sadly. Most of the time it ended up being in friendly meetings between her peerage and Jeanne's family, which was all fine, but it didn't really help the devil. The mall outing had gone pretty well though, before Joshua had wandered off to visit his relative. Jeanne just wished he'd told her about that, so that she could have helped Kuisha a bit more or just so she could have prepared for that.

There was the Church lady too, Griselda, who Jeanne was… She had reservations regarding that, for sure. Then again, that was the one Jeanne was most sure it was just her seeing things. Surely not, right? Especially with how tense things between Joshua and the Church had been since… forever, really.

And last but not least…

There was Rias and maybe Sona. 'Life is never boring around Joshua that's for certain,' Jeanne thought to herself as she regarded Rias for a moment.

"I've already told him, but I can do it again," She replied simply, holding back a smirk as the redhead beamed at her. Jeanne wasn't sure how likely it was that Rias would get close to her brother though. Hero worship was all well and good, but if that was all there was to it… It was kind of meh, in her opinion.

"A shaky foundation will see a relationship fall apart, eventually," The voices told her, almost too serious for the subject matter.

'Sona has more chances, strangely enough,' Jeanne considered as Rias called for the start of the spar and her sword clashed against Kiba's. The fight didn't allow for much thinking from there, but that was fine. As much as Joshua's relationships were looking more and more like a drama story or something of the sort, she didn't want to dwell on that too much.

She might be doing a bit of supporting in regards to Kuisha, but overall, Jeanne didn't want to get involved too much. Her brother didn't seem like a person that paid too much attention to that kind of thing. Jeanne would go as far as saying that the entire topic seemed to fly over his head more often than not. It just seemed like he didn't even acknowledge romance existed and was a possibility.

She paused, which almost had her head being cut by Kiba's current demonic creation.

"A likely conclusion," The voices told her and she frowned as she continued the spar. It seemed she'd have to think over some things and maybe have a talk with Joshua. If she was right, he needed one and soon. She hoped not, but considering what she knew… Well, it was as the voices said.

'Something for later,' She told herself as she focused on the training she was going through. Besides, she had her own romance to deal with too.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, a calm chapter as is becoming usual with this story. I'm ok with that though and I'm happy with how this turned out. Only thing I'm a little unsure about is having that whole thing with Jeanne's PoV, but I think it's interesting to have an outsider perspective regarding that since Joshua is a bit of an unreliable narrator in that regard. (Keep in mind that Jeanne can be that too, this is just another PoV not stating facts.)

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you agree with Jeanne regarding Joshua's love life prospects or not?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 288 others
Adrian King
Jul 11, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 60 - You Can Say Whatever, I’ll Fight My Way New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#246
You Can Say Whatever, I'll Fight My Way

"What are you working on, dad?" Kunou asked curiously, peeking at his notes from the side. "Wards?" she hazarded a guess, an accurate one at that. She didn't know the first thing about how the branch worked, but she'd seen him work enough to know when he worked on wards, illusions or something else. He hadn't worked much on spatial or communications or hex magic for her to recognize them, but he'd probably get there. Especially the latter, since Yasaka said he'd start getting his payment soon.

He would finally be able to continue working on hexcrafting. If he was honest, he really wanted to start actually casting them. He'd been putting it off since forever, it felt like.

Oh, the experiments he'd have to make so as to start gathering information. Hex magic also had a lot less that was known regarding it, it seemed. Joshua was fairly sure that was due to the fact that it had much more variable foci options than wards did. So, despite it being easier and more accessible, it was less overall explored than its counterpart.

Thoughts for another time though.

"Yeah," Joshua nodded absently as he finished taking some notes. He was in a bit of a roll, after all. Thankfully, Kunou knew not to interrupt or take offense. He'd give her all the attention she wanted once he was done working or found a nice spot to take a break.

"The healing ward?" she asked then and he shook his head, his hand continuing to write without a pause. "Huh? Something new?"

"You could say that," Joshua answered vaguely, which made the little girl hum. He wasn't too bothered by her, really, and what he was doing wasn't that important. He'd usually tell her to wait for a bit if he really needed the silence. "It's more… quality of life stuff, you could say."

"Isn't that a spatial magic bit there?" Kunou pointed at a specific ring in the circle he was working with. He took a second to give her a proud smile.

"Caught that, did you? Good job," he said, making her beam back at him. "And yeah," he nodded, looking back at his notes. After a moment, he nodded again, this time to himself. It seemed he was done for the moment. Or, at least, he didn't have anything that needed to be noted down. "A side project of mine, you could say. I'm putting together a ward/spatial magic circle, you could say. Or several, really."

"What are they for?" she asked curiously, even as she moved. Joshua blinked, caught off guard for a moment when Kunou climbed on him and sat on his lap. She hadn't done that in a while, he thought to himself. She had done it a few times in the past, but mostly when they met at his place or when he'd been meditating, as far as he could remember.

"Well, I'm just working on stuff to make things easier for me. You know, a cleaning ward to keep the house… well, clean. Something for clothes too, maybe, although I'm mainly thinking about just folding the already clean clothes that are already clean. Maybe a storage spell that'll keep the temperature of stuff inside, to store meals and such, you know?"

Kunou let out an "aaah" that seemed to be just a flat attempt at being impressed.

"It's not all that great, I know," Joshua added with a chuckle. "But I don't have servants, so I have to do those things myself, you know? And it takes time. So, I'd like to… not need to do those things," he explained with a shrug.

"I guess that makes sense," Kunou replied with a nod. "It's still boring though."

"I guess it is," Joshua readily agreed. She wasn't wrong, after all. "Are you done with your homework?"

"I am," she told him, quite proudly at that. She also seemed to be daring him to question that fact as he did sometimes. She didn't even know how easy it was to tell the difference whenever she did or didn't do what she had to. "I was thinking about working on my illusions for a bit, or maybe see what's up with Project Strategy."

"Ah, I left some notes about that for you to look through, if you do," Joshua told her, placing a hand on her head and ruffling her hair. He wondered if she'd ever stop giving token complaints about that.

They'd come a long way in regards to projects too, it seemed. No longer did he do all the work with her giving ideas. They'd even gotten past the time when he'd use the projects to explain stuff to her, even if he still did that. Now she actively participated in the drawing of circles. They had shared notes in which they noted ideas or possible ways to make the idea happen, with Joshua occasionally leaving her little tasks like researching a specific bit or telling her to look for a mistake he'd found and solve it, and so on. It was working well for them so far, he'd noticed.

Then again, his daughter was a great student.

He wasn't biased, no sir.

"I'll check that, I guess," Kunou said, but she didn't move. "Later," she added a moment later, leaning back against his chest. He smiled to himself. "... Aren't you going to keep working?" she asked, trying and failing to be sly.

Chuckling, he leaned forward to start working once again, his arms moving towards the notebook. As soon as he picked up the pencil to continue though, he dropped it. Instead of doing that though, he gave Kunou a quick hug, since that was what she'd wanted. After all, when he worked with her on his lap, he might as well be hugging her without actually doing so.

"Next time just ask," he told her before letting go and actually starting to work on his spells again.

"Ok, dad," he heard Kunou mumble shyly.

[}-o-{]​

"They aren't going to call, are they?" Jeanne asked, from opposite to him during dinner one day. "You said we'd have to act soon if they didn't. How soon is soon?"

"... A few days," Joshua answered with an uneasy feeling building inside him. Putting traps out there was one thing, going out of his way to attack a place that was probably actively protected was another. "I've been working on what I'll need to attack the place."

"Ok," Jeanne nodded, she didn't need to ask if she would be joining him, her glare told him she would. He gave her a nervous smile. "Don't even try, Josh."

Joshua just sighed.

"Anyway, I have some wards I can set up on the fly. They'll take time to reach a good level, so we'll be on our own for a bit," he explained, not that she didn't know, but Joshua wanted to make sure she knew how things would work. "From there, well, we'll be bringing Cheshire, Nagini and Morag. I'll have Setan Kober at the ready."

"And I'll be there. More than enough. Margalo is gonna feel bad that she couldn't come, but I guess we'll just have to comfort her later," Jeanne mused with a slightly guilty look on her face.

"I mean, you could stay and keep her com-"

"Nope."

Joshua sighed again.

"Worth a try," he commented with a wry smile.

"Sure it was," she replied, rolling her eyes at him. "You sure the Church won't throw a fit if we do this? As in, get us in trouble for doing stuff in their territory?"

"I've cleared that up with Yasaka, and Serafall too," he started with a nod. "According to them, it's unlikely, but even if they do try to cause trouble, the two of them will help. If the Church really pushes which is damn near impossible, there's Azazel," Joshua explained before blinking. "And Shed, from what I'm getting," He added, his eyes darting towards the Charm hanging from his belt loop.

"Speaking of," Jeanne said, her eyes brightening up in a way that had Joshua suspecting where she would go with those words. "Are we gonna go visit Egypt? You know, to see if we can meet him?"

"This doesn't have anything to do with the place having quite the sights to see, I'm sure," he pointed out dryly, to which his sister simply gave him her best innocent look. It didn't work, obviously, but she gave it her all. "He doesn't seem to dislike the idea, so I guess we might be going for a visit. Later though. I'm busy and there's stuff to deal with over here, evidently."

"Ok, I can wait, just wanted to ask," Jeanne replied, looking like a happy camper. "Can I go around Japan, since we live here? There's other places to see."

"Hm, I might need to check with Yasaka if we can have someone with you when you go, and you'll be taking Nagini with you, I'm guessing," he commented, the serpent raising her head from his lap to give an affirmative hiss. "I guessed as much. So, yeah, there won't be too much trouble with that in mind. Just be sure to keep the teleportation circle at the ready."

"I will," Jeanne told him, rolling her eyes again. Paranoid, he might be. However, was it really paranoia if they were really out to get you? Besides, she knew he was right and wasn't really annoyed. "You sure it'll work though? You know I'm not very good with magic," She added then, suddenly looking unsure. It reminded him of the shy girl he'd picked up from the streets, really. A girl he didn't get to see very often those days.

"I'm sure. I made that circle specifically so that you wouldn't have to worry about casting it. It won't even use your magic for the teleport, it'll drain the wards back here a little," He explained to her, going into a little more detail. She did relax after that.

"You tested it?"

He raised an eyebrow at her.

"Right, sorry."

"Anyway… I really, really hope that they'll contact us," Joshua muttered, continuing with the meal. He'd lost his appetite, if he was honest, but he'd always been taught to eat all his meals. "They've had time, and I told them that it was time sensitive though."

"Which means that we should be prepared."

"We should be prepared regardless," he corrected. "That's the way of the magician."

"Which explains why I'm bad at it. I'm not one for plans."

"I believe you," he replied with a wry smile. After all, Jeanne had followed the voices blindly while running away from home. She had no plan, no resources, nothing. Only the words of something that she didn't understand and lots of hope.

"Do you have to make it sound like that?" Jeanne whined, stabbing the food on her plate as if it was its fault that she was a bit of an idiot. Then, as if reading his thoughts, she frowned. "Anyway, I'll prepare a list of swords and you can tell me what you think. Sounds good?"

"It does to me," he nodded, his eyes moving towards the cellphone he'd set to the side, as if expecting it to suddenly get a call. It didn't happen, and he hadn't really thought it would, but he couldn't help but be disappointed. He sighed once more.

"I have a feeling that the Church will have to work quite hard to get on your good side after this," Jeanne commented idly and he chuckled bitterly in response.

"You have no idea. I really hoped they'd at least value my abilities enough to put their pride aside for a moment and accept," Joshua grumbled, taking a deep breath in before he could get too annoyed. Then he took a sip from his glass. "No such luck, I guess. You can bet I'll be charging quite a lot if they need me for anything in the future."

"Like, actually charging them something in specific?" Jeanne asked, an amused smile on her face and he shot her an annoyed expression. She wasn't wrong though.

"Yes, they are that annoying," he grumbled.

"If what I've heard is right," Jeanne commented, looking like she was containing her laughter. "They might annoy you on purpose if that gets you to give an actual price."

He really, really hoped that was just Jeanne joking around.

[}-o-{]​

It was in the middle of the day when they made their move. Jeanne had suggested doing it during the night, but that really offered them no real advantages. Well, to the humans, at least. He wasn't very sure regarding Morag, but Nagini and Cheshire probably worked better in the dark. Jeanne and him didn't though, so he preferred to have no advantages to having half their people be handicapped.

Joshua looked to the side, assessing his "team" if he could call them that. Jeanne was twirling a sword around her hand, looking relaxed as she could be. He was actually more than a little surprised that she was so calm. That is, until he noticed that her eyes seemed to be trying to take in everything around them and more.

His familiars seemed to almost be looking forward to what was coming, so he could at least be glad for that, he supposed. Nagini was coiled and ready to take off at any moment. Cheshire was no longer walking, it seemed. Instead, the feline was prowling around. And Morag, little Morag was restless as she waited for him to set up the wards, walking all around his head and shoulders and unable to stay still for even one second.

"Everyone ready?" Joshua asked and he got an instant response from his two closest familiars. Then Morag pulled at his hair to tell him that yes, she was ready too. As for Jeanne, she took a moment, looking towards their objective.

"Yes," She replied, not curtly but determined, focused. She was ready, of that Joshua had no doubt. What he had doubts about was if he wanted to drag his sister into this. He'd killed before, and while he hadn't quite made peace with all that, he was at least sure that doing so again if he had to wouldn't affect him as much as he suspected it would affect Jeanne.

Then again, he still wasn't so sure how being a hero descendant affected the girl's way to think. Or how the voices would help or not in regards to such things for that matter. For all he knew one, one or the other or both would help her deal with the act much better than he himself had. He could only hope so, even if he wished even more that he wouldn't even have to find out.

There was no convincing Jeanne not to participate though. Joshua had tried, oh had he tried, but there had been no luck in such endeavors. Every conversation failed, every order and every argument resulted in the same thing. Jeanne just wouldn't let him do this by himself.

It had come to the point that he'd considered just not doing it at all. However… Joshua knew the future, or at least a version of it. He couldn't risk not doing anything and hoping for the best. He couldn't bet with the lives of everyone he cared about like that. He'd changed things already and he'd continue to do so.

As such, the least he could do was try and make things better.

Joshua sighed, nodding to himself as he pulled a bunch of circle drawings from a Storage Spell. All of them were wards, of course. After those followed wardstones that he'd carefully selected. He set them all on the ground, under the illusion that was already hiding his "team" from both the mundane and, more importantly, the magical. After that, he started working, with Morag following his every action. His spider familiar wasn't quite as learned in the art of warding, but she could at least try to be a second pair of eyes in case he messed something up.

He didn't, but Joshua was more relaxed knowing that there was someone that might be able to tell.

Once all the circles and wardstones were placed, he stopped for a moment. Joshua would have to cast everything quickly, after all. Once the first spell went up, Khaos Brigade would realize what was going on instantly. Illusion or no illusion, there was no hiding a ward appearing out of nowhere. That wouldn't leave them with much time to continue setting up the ward array. It was the reason why wards weren't usually used for offensive approaches such as that one.

Joshua was confident he could get them all set up before someone came for them.

Taking a deep breath in, he closed his eyes for a moment. Once he opened them, the circles lit up. The first ward was up in an instant. A new one that he'd researched and prepared specifically for that moment.

[Landlock Ward - Lvl 5/50

A Special Ward which the user can cast to stop targets from leaving the inside of it.

Requires a Wardstone of Special Typing.

Effectiveness and Area are determined by Skill Level, Wardstone Quality and Magic Quantity.

Consumption with circle - C to ∞

Consumption without circle - A to ∞]

It was expensive and it wasn't nearly as leveled as he wanted it to be. However, with some luck, all the time he'd spent crafting that circle would make up for the latter though. As it was, this was the one preparation set up to make sure that nobody left. No one would spread word about what they did here, if Joshua had any say in the matter.

The ward basically acted like a reverse Shield Ward against teleportation, switching and anything else that might help someone leave the premises. Hell, it even stopped people from leaving through mundane means. Nobody with the slightest connection to Khaos would leave while the wardstone was up.

That was just the start though, so taking another deep breath in, this time out of the exhaustion that he was feeling from the drain of the ward, he continued. Up went a bunch of Draining wards, weak and barely powered at all, but they would take care of that themselves. At the end of the entire line of wards of the array, he set one of each of the other wards he needed. In that list were a Weighting ward, a Weakening ward and a Concealing ward.

Just in time, because the door of the abandoned building Khaos had used as a base burst open at that moment. That was fine though, because Joshua and his "team" weren't within sight of it, of course. Or, most of them were not. Nagini and Cheshire had set up as soon as the first ward started being cast.

He heard the start of a shout before it was quickly followed by a strangled sound. His serpentine familiar had gotten a hold of the guy, evidently. Then there was the cackle of electricity followed by pained cries. Cheshire had struck and she'd wasted no time in using her new skill, it seemed.

[Spark - Lvl 5

Defines the user's ability to apply electric charges to attacks.]

"Let's go," Joshua said, standing up and breathing deeply to try and regain some of his energy. His magic was almost empty, but if he really truly needed some, he could use one of the Draining wards he set up to recharge himself a little. However, that was an absolute last resort, since he needed that energy to power all the other spells he'd put up around the place.

"Ok," Jeanne nodded instantly, and he could tell that she'd decided she'd be his bodyguard. He'd have complained, but that worked well for him. First, because that meant she would stay close by and he'd be there if she needed him. And second, because he really was left quite weary from his wardcasting.

Thus they moved towards Khaos Brigade's base, turning a corner just in time to see several people on the ground and the end of Nagini's tail slithering inside the place. From his shoulder, Morag jumped and made her way to a nearby wall before climbing. From there, the arachnid entered from the upper part of the door they also went through. She'd look from above and either shoot poison at people from there or jump down if someone needed some back up.

The sounds of battle could be heard, following his two more developed familiars in their wake. Around a corner though, people appeared. Joshua wasn't too surprised. He might not have set up Detection and Monitoring wards, since he needed to save energy for other, more battle oriented ones, but he still had Magic Sense and Life Sense to rely on in regards to that and they were more than enough.

The group of Khaos Brigade was swiftly received with a volley of knives. Joshua didn't try too hard to aim. Because he didn't have any interest in killing people, but mainly because he preferred to be quick than to waste time with that. Every second that people were on their feet was a second the number of enemies could increase. He didn't know exactly how many people were there, but he didn't want to find out by facing them all at once, that was for sure.

Jeanne joined his efforts instantly, one of her swords flying forward with a wave of her hand. She didn't throw it, no. Instead, she'd made a sword that responded as if she were using telekinesis on it, flying where she wanted it to be. The blade quickly embedded itself on someone's leg, which came as a huge relief for Joshua.

"I know what you think, Josh," Jeanne said from his side, softly but still firmly. "And I appreciate it. I don't want to kill either. But… I'll do it if it means keeping you safe, just as I know you would for me."

Not as reassuring as he would have wanted those words to be, he'd admit. However, that wasn't the moment to be having long conversations, so he'd have to make do with that for the moment. He still smiled bitterly. He wasn't too sure having more time would change things much though.

"Let's go together to the next floor, the girls will have the ground floor covered," Joshua said, drawing a sharp nod from his sister. "Morag, cover any of the points which lead out and down here, in that order, can you?" He added, and even if he didn't get any response, he knew the spider would do as she was told.

"Wanna see who can take out the most people?" Jeanne asked, receiving only a raised eyebrow in response. "Scared?"

"Considering the fact that I'm already winning?" Joshua asked, rolling his eyes as he continued walking. Mentally, he kept track of everyone inside the building through his senses, paying special attention to anything that might suggest someone might be fooling them. Last thing he needed was someone stabbing him in the back because of a Sacred Gear or magic that hid their presence.

Jeanne sputtered at his words, but he wasn't done.

"Maybe leave the joking and games for after we are actually experienced in this kind of thing," He pointed out, taking the first step on the stairs leading up.

"Ruin my fun, why don't… you?" Jeanne said, a pause interrupting her as they reached the first floor and she had to use her second sword to block an incoming spell. That was all Joshua needed to throw daggers at the caster and everyone else that might be there.

He grinned too, because his wards were gaining strength with every passing moment. Their enemies' magic was slowly being used to weaken them and weigh them down. 'God, I love wards,' He thought to himself as his smile widened into something more… predatory.

Maybe it was the thrill he was feeling from Nagini or Cheshire. Maybe it was the fact that these people were a menace and a danger to society and everyone he cared about. Maybe it was a combination of those or something entirely different.

But Joshua would certainly enjoy this raid, he knew.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

And Joshua finally goes on the offensive instead of just defending or reacting. I'll admit that I… didn't really want the story to go this way. I was happy having our MC just focusing on defense. Go the unbreakable shield, immovable object route, if you know what I mean.

The guy didn't seem to like that idea much, evidently, but it's what it is.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What time is it when you read this?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 267 others
Adrian King
Jul 11, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
…
9
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
192 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
…
9
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 61 - I Would Never Be In Your Masquerade New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#248
I Would Never Be In Your Masquerade

"This was… a lot easier than I thought it would be," Joshua mumbled to himself as the last Khaos Brigade member in the base went down. It wasn't even to an attack, but to the pressure of the wards finally getting the better of her.

"You won't get away with this," she muttered where she was, on all fours on the ground. "Our superiors will know something happened. They'll find it was you and they'll deal with you… And you won't like it."

"Hm, you sure about that? Because I have plans to make sure nobody can prove it was me that was here, not even the people that will know it was me," Joshua commented with a lazy smile on his face as he kicked another guy that laid face first on the ground. That one had a small pool of magic, it seemed, because the wards had already drained him completely and had made him pass out.

"Khaos won't be stopped," the woman hissed and he raised an eyebrow at her. "You will regret-"

And then she was silenced as a sword embedded itself right next to her face. The woman then said something, but no words reached Joshua. He turned towards Jeanne who gave him a shrug that said 'what can you do?' quite clearly.

"Guess she was getting annoying," he acknowledged with a shake of his head before taking a deep breath in. His magic was recovering fairly quickly, since he hadn't needed to cast anything after setting up the ward array outside. Still, natural magic regeneration wasn't all that and he didn't have much to boost it in the shape of Perks or Skills, so it wasn't a huge change in the handful of minutes that had taken them to deal with everyone in the building.

'It really was faster than I thought it'd be,' he mused, looking around at the Khaos Brigade members on the ground and the walls. As it turned out, battles didn't drag on for hours, even if they were somewhat big ones. Nagini, Cheshire, Jeanne and him had made their way through the halls and rooms, dealing with everyone that they came across or that rushed at them. There weren't long pauses or anything to draw out how long the entire thing – Battle? Skirmish? Confrontation? Whatever. – was supposed to be.

And yet, despite how logical it was for the whole thing to be over quickly it still felt… Lacking, to Joshua. Anticlimactic, one could say. His first foray into attacking a terrorist organization had been entirely too easy, really. He'd expected someone with at least a mid tier Sacred Gear, but if there was one, then it was a particularly weak one or something. There had been some mages that showed promise, sure, but the only one that had gotten even close – A woman that had tried to cast a decently powerful fire spell at Jeanne. – had been interrupted by a Poison Shot courtesy of Morag and swiftly taken care of by Joshua.

[Joshua Davis

Rank - C+]

[Jeanne Davis

Rank - C+]

[Cheshire

Rank - C+]

[Nagini

Rank - C]

[Morag

Rank - C-]

'I mean… Maybe C rank is higher than I initially though?' he mused. Granted, most of the people inside the place had been ex-exorcists and a handful of magicians, but still. He was human too, and so were they, right? How was there that much difference? The system? Jeanne didn't have that, so… Well, she was a Hero Descendant. Was that it? Were they just above the level of normal humans, even those involved in the supernatural?

Admittedly, he had even less of a measure for how strong his familiars were. It wasn't like he'd come across a number of magical beasts or anything. He had books that spoke of creatures such as those, but that was still hardly enough to know for sure at what level they actually stood. Maybe if Sirzechs got him the information about creatures collected by his fellow devils, but that would probably have the same issue as regular books.

As for Jeanne and himself, well, they'd only really sparred against Sairarog's group and Yasaka's guards. It wasn't that good a measure either, because the former held back and the latters varied in their level of competence. No way to know if he was training against regular guards, mediocre ones or even outstanding ones.

What Joshua did know was that even if they were stronger than he initially thought, maybe even much stronger, they were still weak. No matter what they did, he knew there'd always be someone stronger. Ophis, Great Red, gods and goddesses, Longinus and so on the list went. Georg had been dealt with mostly by luck, but Joshua couldn't rely on that forever.

'Cut off the head and the body will follow,' he mused as those thoughts passed through his head. 'But what if I do the opposite?' He wondered, eyes trailing off towards the fallen Khaos Brigade members. That last one was already panting, laying flat against the floor. 'I'm not strong enough to take out the leaders, but I can hunt down all their lower soldiers. Leave the higher ups to people more capable than me.'

It sounded like a good enough plan for him. It'd take time, but he had that, for the time being. If he could spread his web of ward traps wider and wider, cover more and more ground… Who was to say he wouldn't manage to cover everything, take out everyone but those out of his league? Wishful thinking, maybe, but he thought there was some chance of that actually happening. That was enough for him to want to try.

"What now?" Jeanne said, fiddling with the two swords she'd used for the raid. The main ones, at least, the Flying Sword and the Shield Sword. She'd made a handful of other ones when a specific effect could be quite handy, like she'd done with that Silencing Sword.

"Now, we regroup with the girls and then I start taking these people back home," Joshua explained, taking a deep breath in, as if gathering the will to take the next step. "After that, I'll cover our tracks over here and then we can get on with the interrogation."

"So, what can I do to help?" Jeanne asked.

Instead of replying, Joshua looked at her. She seemed to be doing fine, thankfully. He'd been so sure that someone would die during the whole thing, but it'd been so easy that they could safely go around avoiding any lethal damage. For the time being, which was the important part. So far as he could keep that part away from Jeanne, it was all a success. Well, besides some close calls, but that was about it.

"Well, can you go look for Cheshire, Nagini and Morag?" Joshua told her eventually, getting a nod and a knowing glance from the teenager. As she left the room, he turned towards the Khaos Brigade members and sighed. It'd take a while to move them all to his place, which was even more troublesome. There were a lot of terrorists to take care of, too many for Joshua to take back to the Hunter's House for interrogation, he soon realized.

'Then again…' he thought, turning towards the last person to fall, who was surprisingly still conscious. With how strong his wards had gotten by draining basically everyone, he was honestly surprised that they could still manage. Many of them had just collapsed as their magic reserves were emptied.

[Emilia Gerhardt

Title - Captain of Khaos Brigade

Rank - C]

'Appraisal is… weird,' Joshua noted to himself with a tilt of his head. After all, he'd used it on the woman before and it'd shown him her stats, race and gender on top of what he could see then and there. However, now that he'd wanted to see only her title, it'd shown only that, and her name and rank, that is. Maybe that one skill could be affected by intent? He knew he'd turned off the weakness reveal thing, since it basically told him stuff that he already knew whenever the effect triggered, which was more annoying than useful, in most cases. Even when it told him something that he could use, it was more distracting than he'd have liked. 'Maybe I need to train with that.'

Something to think about, but some other time.

At that moment, Joshua looked at the woman as she finally passed out. He'd have to check over everyone with the skill, since he'd only done so with the troublesome individuals, and he hadn't precisely been paying attention to their titles as much as their stats. Unless the title said something about their battle styles. He also hadn't paid much attention to the Khaos members' faces either…

It'd take a while, but he'd have to find everyone that had a title saying they might have important information. If the woman was the only one, then he'd pick the stronger people and see if that method worked. He didn't remember anyone high up in the organization that had been weak, so maybe it was a valid way to weed out the grunts from the officials.

Probably.

Maybe.

Possibly.

'Better get started,' Joshua thought, sighing to himself.

It took around twice the time it'd taken them to raid the place for him to appraise everyone, but he finally had some people with interesting titles. There was the Captain, of course, then there were some people with the title of Special Agent. The one that had made it all worth it was the guy with the Treasurer title though, because if he'd gone by power only, Joshua would surely have missed that one. After all, he'd been on the weaker side of the whole place.

With the small army reduced to a handful of people, Joshua took a moment to consider if there was anything else to take care of besides what he already knew. That was when Cheshire approached him, mewling and rubbing her head against him in her tiger form, which made the whole thing the slightest bit surreal. Fortunately, he was getting used to that sensation.

"Found something interesting, girl?" he asked, receiving a firm nod from her. Replying in kind, Joshua hummed. "Well, Jeanne, do you mind taking these lot with you, Nagini and Morag? I'll be along as soon as I can, but you know how it is," he said with a shrug.

"I know, I'll be waiting, ok? Don't make me have to deal with them myself," Jeanne said, although it was more of a threat than an actual request. Joshua almost sighed at that. It wasn't really that Jeanne wanted to actually do the interrogation, but she wanted to feel included. One would think that she wouldn't feel like that, considering that he'd literally brought her to a raid on an enemy base but a teenager's mind worked in strange, mysterious ways.

If he had to take a guess, what she truly wanted was for him to stop trying to keep her away from the whole thing. She was being included, but he didn't want her to be, and that was what grated on her nerves. Jeanne didn't like that he didn't want her to be involved.

'All things considered, I guess I can give up on keeping her away from all this,' he mused as the girl took his familiars and the Khaos Brigade members and disappeared with the teleportation circle he'd given her. 'Now, onto the next step.'

"Is whatever you found urgent?" Joshua asked Cheshire, to which she replied negatively with both, the feeling of the bond and a shake of her head. He hadn't thought so, considering that she hadn't been pushing him or anything, but he thought it better to ask. "Well, I'll set something up and then we can go."

With that said, he made his way outside the building, where he'd set up the ward arrays. There, he knelt down and set up a few more wards. The clean up wards, as it were. A Draining ward that would gather all the magic residue that had been left by their presence, and more importantly their casting, and even start draining the other wards except for the Concealing ward. At least not for the moment, Joshua needed that ward to be the last one to go down and so he'd set up the whole thing.

All that energy would go to Joshua himself until his reserves were full. Once that was done, he'd pick up all the wardstones filled with magic and go away. Nobody would be able to prove that Jeanne or him were there.

After all, another ward that he put up was one he'd been working on recently. The cleaning ward, which he'd taken and modified to erase any physical proof of them being there. It hadn't been the initial purpose of the thing, but once he thought about it… Well, it did sound like it could be useful in the circumstances he was likely to be in, as it was at that moment.

"That's all, what did you want to show me, Cheshire?" Joshua asked, immediately starting to follow his tiger familiar as she walked back in and led him through halls and rooms. Eventually, he found himself opening a desk's drawer and pulling out a sheet with a storage seal on it.

'Ah… I'll have to analyze this to see if I can cast it to check the contents,' he thought, but it shouldn't be too difficult. Especially because, considering the study the thing had been in and the several files all over the place, he was fairly sure the thing belonged to the Treasurer. If he was right, he could… persuade the man into helping him with it.

"Anything else, girl?" Joshua asked then, following her once more to what seemed to be some sort of armory. He rather doubted any of the weapons would be all that, but he could check that later with more time. As it was, he was pushing it a little. It was unlikely that anyone would find him with his Concealing ward up and whatever defenses Khaos itself had set up, but he didn't want to tempt fate too much.

As such, he pulled a few cards and stored all the weapons inside them, careful not to actually touch them. Last thing he needed to deal with was a cursed object of some kind, even if he was sure Cheshire would have picked up on it and warned him. Once that was out of the way, his feline familiar seemed to have shown him everything she found.

"Now, to deal with the rest of these idiots," he mumbled as he walked, one of his hands laying on top of Cheshire's head. It was a good thing that he'd considered this already, even if he'd hoped that it would be a lower number of people. 'Where do these crazy bastards even get this many people from?' He had to ask himself. "Yasaka, call," He said, and his bracelet/necklace activated.

"Joshua?" the woman greeted/replied. "Everything went well, I hope?"

"Yeah, but you were right, there's a lot of crazy people in this world, it seems," he grumbled, receiving an amused giggle from the other side of the communication spell.

"Told you so," she said and he could imagine her shaking her head. "My people will take care of them, just use the teleportation circle we gave you."

"We took a few for ourselves, I hope you don't mind," Joshua told her.

"Considering everything, it's best that we take the people but do nothing with them. If we don't know, nobody can get angry at us for anything. They can't prove we did anything," the woman explained, sounding perfectly calm. "Plausible deniability, if you will."

"... I have a feeling you aren't planning on throwing them in a prison," Joshua said then, reading between the lines a little. If she couldn't use the people's information and couldn't be found to have them…

"Plausible deniability, Joshua," she told him and he sighed.

"Well, thanks for the help anyway," he replied, and that was that.

He'd already known the world wasn't nice and shiny, like the series might try to make you believe with its 90% silliness and stupidity. He'd experienced that too, which helped quite a bit. 'Besides,' he thought, turning slightly to look at one of the Khaos members. 'They brought this on themselves. Shouldn't have joined an organization that wants to screw everyone over.'

And that was that, he told himself.

It was shitty, and it felt awful, because he knew what he was doing. No amount of lying to himself would change that. He was no idiot. He can hope though. He can hope that Yasaka is lying to him. Or, more accurately, that she's giving him the wrong impression on purpose. That she's actually going to hold onto them and get the information out of them too.

He very much doubts it though.

Joshua sighed. At least Jeanne had even less of an idea than he did. Thank God for small mercies.

A few minutes later he'd already gathered everyone and teleported them with Yasaka's circle.

"So, last things last," Joshua mumbled to himself as they walked out once more. The draining ward had already recharged him and drawn all magical residues of magic, even the last bits that he'd generated with his use of the Storage Spells.

That bit of magic had been tricky. Most people couldn't even pick up on the specks of energy that were left behind when one cast a spell. However, Joshua had found in several places mentions of that and he just knew that the thing would be what screwed him over if he needed to do something… less than acceptable, as it were. To put it very, very mildly, that is. Illegal, others would call it, he supposed.

If dealing with a terrorist organization was illegal then he'd be a criminal, as far as he was concerned.

"And that's that," Joshua said, picking up the wardstones filled with energy and standing up. He'd have to drain them later in some other wards. Magic inside wardstones that weren't actually connected to a spell of any kind were… volatile, to say the least. He had some room to wiggle regarding that though, and he'd use it as best he could. He'd make a trip close by to set up some more traps to see if he could catch more Khaos members out and about.

As good a use for those stones and energy as any, he supposed.

Eventually, only one warstone remained there, the Draining ward that was still erasing his magical signature from the place. Not even the Concealing ward was up anymore, which meant that he had to be quick. Good thing that only one thing was left for him to do.

"For the last touch…" He whispered, taking a deep breath in.

[Magical Signal Spell - Lvl 3/50

A Communication Spell which the user can cast to send a magical flare for others to sense.

Consumption with circle – G to ∞

Consumption without circle – E to ∞]

He looked at the skill screen for a moment, before letting the air out of his lungs and actually casting the spell. He poured as much magic into as he could when the circle appeared in front of him. Nothing happened outwardly, but he knew if anyone was paying attention in any way to the area, they'd pick up on the spike of magic. It was like a flare, but magical and way better at getting attention, if one had the right means.

'One, two, three…' He started counting in his head. He'd done extensive testing on this particular part, since it was the most time sensitive of them all. Joshua needed, after all, to wait just enough time for the Draining ward to erase that last spells' mark with his name on it and then he'd have to leave as fast as possible. He almost expected people to teleport in immediately, but clearly that didn't happen.

It made some sense. Even if travel time wasn't a thing, any guard or such people would need a moment to get ready. Or even if they were ready, they'd have to make their way to where they would be teleported from or something. Instant response was almost impossible, even with magic. Unless, of course, one used something other than living beings for it.

'And that's that,' Joshua nodded to himself, picking up the last wardstone and the circles on the ground. Those, he put inside his pockets, since he couldn't very well cast the Storage Spell after going through such efforts to erase his magical presence from the place.

Cheshire, now in her cat form, walked alongside him as they left.

'This is only the beginning,' Joshua thought to himself.

[Quest Complete: Raid the Khaos Brigade Post

Rewards:

+ 3 Throwing Weapons Levels

+ 3 Ward Magic Levels

+ 1 Levels to all Stats]

[}-o-{]​

"We know it was you, Mr. Davis," Griselda said bluntly, curtly even.

The Church had called practically the following day after his little stunt. Joshua had to admit he was slightly amused. Even if he had made some mistake or something, he was unlikely to face consequences with a handful of pantheons behind his back. Shed seemed particularly adamant on supporting him, even if Joshua wasn't too sure how high up on his pantheon the guy was.

"You sound pretty sure of that," Joshua replied with a tilt of his head. "Are you actually accusing me? Arresting me or something? I don't know how it works in the supernatural world."

Her silence was telling, just as the glare that Xenovia was directing at him.

"You are treading a dangerous path, Mr. Davis," Griselda said, her voice calm as it always was. She certainly didn't sound like she was threatening in the name of her faction, but she certainly was.

"I don't know what you are talking about, Griselda," he replied with a shrug and a lazy smile. Next to him, Jeanne seemed to be trying and failing to contain her giggles. Someone wasn't made for spy work, not that he was one to talk, really. "I did nothing."

"We know it was you," Xenovia growled, unable to stop herself and he gave her an amused expression.

"And yet, there you are, just saying that instead of doing something about it," Joshua pointed out. "Which means you don't actually know anything. I'm pretty sure you've got no proof… Because I did nothing, of course," he added, almost like an afterthought.

They all knew he was full of shit, but they had to stick with the story. He wouldn't be admitting anything to them, that was for sure. Besides, it was certainly funny to do that. Or, at least, Xenovia's twitching eyes were, for sure. Joshua simply looked at them as he took a sip of his drink and waited for them to say something.

"Our faction will not stand for such a breach, Mr. Davis," Griselda said, but Joshua noticed then that there was something in her voice that day. Something that hadn't been there before. He wasn't very sure what but there was something. Unfortunately, he wasn't good enough with Life Sensing to pick up on precisely what.

"But they seem perfectly fine to do nothing when there's a terrorist organization running around and doing whatever? Seems a bit… What's the word?" he wondered out loud, snapping his fingers as he tried to find the right term.

"Stupid?" Jeanne offered.

"Not what I was going for, but it works," he settled, before finishing his drink and fishing out his wallet. "Well, if that's all, I'm a busy man. I have spells to tinker with and people's jobs to do, apparently."

"Are we just going to sit here while he goes?" Xenovia hissed, not nearly low enough for them to miss it. "He'll probably go with his devil friends and take them straight into our territory."

"That's funny, considering that you are accusing me of… What was it?" Joshua asked, as he stood up, smirk still in place.

"Staging a raid inside Church territory."

"Now, why would I do that, I wonder," Joshua pointed out to Griselda.

"Because it was a Khaos Brigade base, and you have a history with them. Nevermind the fact that you contacted us regarding information you'd picked up that involved them and the Church," the woman explained, looking like she knew exactly where he was going.

"So, you accuse me of going into your territory to take care of criminals and somehow that links to me going there to bring devils and do… whatever you think we'd do," Joshua mused out loud before chuckling. "Yeah, I think I'm done with the Church. Don't bother calling for me, through any means. As far as you are concerned… I don't exist anymore."

"Mr. Davis-"

"I guess the fact that you never actually bothered to call me Joshua should have been telling," he interrupted, his expression shifting into a cold one. The fun was over, and the annoyance he'd been feeling reared its ugly head.

His statement was followed by silence.

"It always rubbed me the wrong way, how you acted like you were on this pedestal that made you better than me or anyone else. Like you had this moral high ground no matter what. I've had some people in the supernatural annoy and scare me, but that was worse, for some reason. Maybe I should have listened to that feeling and not have bothered with you," He said then, taking a deep breath in to calm himself down. "We are done here."

And that was that, Joshua and Jeanne walked away.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I know people think Joshua's thoughts and reactions regarding the Church are over the top and he didn't react nearly as badly with Ajuka's mess. However, there's a difference, despite the devil's actions being worse. That difference is Sairaorg and later Serafall. They offset any bad impression other devils cause. There's only one connection with the Church though, and it was never good per se. They've barely done anything for him.

I'll admit though, that there is a possibility that I may have a bias against them and in favor of the devils. I hope that's not the case… all that much, but if that's what it looks like, well… I apologize, I guess.

Random Question: What do you think about the raid? There's several things I'm not too sure about, honestly. Maybe with more time to think it over, I might have done several things differently but… Who knows. It's what it is. I hope you aren't too disappointed.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 281 others
Adrian King
Jul 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 62 - It’s a New Dawn, It’s a New Day New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#251
It's a New Dawn, It's a New Day

Kunou frowned in concentration, a bead of sweat forming on her forehead. Her nose wrinkled slightly as the drop fell over it and to the side, but she didn't let it stop her. Sitting next to her, Joshua watched attentively, at her, at the circle that formed over her hands and, lastly, at the results of her magic. It was a simple light illusion. It wouldn't even offer actual lighting, since it was just for show, a display instead of real light.

Kunou wasn't using a physical circle though, and that made all the difference. This was the result of her efforts so far. She'd had to memorize the entire circle, shape it with her magic and then maintain it without losing focus enough for it to dispel.

And she was doing great.

A smile formed on Joshua's face, but he didn't speak. He simply continued watching as the illusion fluctuated sometimes, but never actually fell apart even for a second. Sometimes, some colors would become more prominent, but it kept a steady shiny white for the most part. It didn't move though, which was quite the improvement from her previous attempt.

That had been a disaster because the little thing kept getting away from her. Figuratively and literally speaking. The spot of lighting would continue making dashes to the sides, forward, backwards, up and down, with Kunou having no control over it. It'd been quite amusing, even if it'd frustrated the little girl to no end.

She'd swiftly dealt with the problem, it seemed, which filled Joshua with pride.

God, was that what being a parent felt like? He wondered if he'd ever given his own father or mother that feeling. He doubted it, but then again, he had had his moments, back when he was younger and hadn't quite become the absolute mess after highschool was over. He hadn't been great, but he had been decently good at some things, he liked to think.

Kunou wasn't great either, even if he'd never tell her that. She was good though, and that meant about the same thing for him. Joshua was just happy to see her succeeding. He vowed to himself that he'd help her succeed in whatever she set her mind on.

As the light finally went out, he found himself about to see the reason for that promise.

Kunou beamed, turning towards him with what he could have sworn there were stars in her eyes. It was almost painful to see her like that, looking at him, almost begging him for approval. When he returned her smile, trying to put into an expression how pleased he was with her results and how proud he was of her progress, her grin widened.

"It went much better, didn't it, dad?" she asked then, bouncing where she sat, unable to contain her excitement.

"It did," he agreed, only slightly unsure of how to best express how he felt at that moment. Instead, he went for the usual and placed his hand on her head. "You did great."

She giggled giddily as her smile shifted into something a bit more shy, but not less pleased.

"Considering I didn't hear servants screaming or something, I'd say it's quite the improvement," a voice commented from behind them.

"Mooom!" Kunou whined, deflating.

"I mean, I think I saw Fuyuko looking at the thing warily when she came to deliver our tea," Joshua joined in, getting another protest from the little girl. "But she'll get there. She'll be putting up shows for everyone in no time, I'm sure," he added, giving the girl a smile and completely ignoring the annoyed pout she was sending his way.

"And I can't wait for that to happen," Yasaka said, smiling proudly at her daughter, who let out another pleased giggle despite her best attempts to remain angry at them. "Any projects you are working on besides this?" She asked, which was normal and innocent enough.

The look Joshua caught the leader sending him told him otherwise.

"I'm just trying to work my way up from the light just now," Kunou told her, somewhat unsure. It wasn't very impressive, when told like that, but she'd taken quite the step by using the magic without a physical circle. "And we are almost done with Project Strategy. Soon we'll be playing with it on breaks," she added, looking forward to that, which Joshua found a little strange. Even if he'd played the game when he was younger, he didn't think most children would be that excited about it.

"The household wards are coming along," Joshua commented first, as if those were the most important. "The chicken wards are… troublesome, as usual."

At that, Kunou tried and failed to hold back a laugh. That was what he'd been calling the Phoenix Ward project so far, so that people didn't actually know what that was all about. Kunou had been a little annoyed that he wasn't telling her what they were for, but she found the name hilarious enough to let the issue drop.

"As for the other one… There were some hiccups, but I got the information I wanted," he continued, doing his best not to grimace. Most Khaos members had crumbled quite quickly. Some, however, had put up some fight, compared to the previous group. So much so that Joshua had actually needed to put some weight behind his threat.

The Captain had been especially stubborn. So much so that Joshua learned what happened when the Weakening ward was taken just a little too far. At first, her insults and threats had started getting quieter and quieter and then it became obvious what the effects were. She got too weak to breath and he had the suspicion that her own heart was giving out.

She'd talked quite freely when he resetted the ward to give her a chance to speak.

"Now I just need to put it to use, I guess," Joshua added, which he'd already started doing.

Unfortunately, the members he caught didn't have all that much information regarding other bases. That made some sense, Joshua guessed. Each group only knew about their own base, so that if someone did exactly what Joshua had done, it wouldn't be quite so disastrous.

They did know quite a bit about the general area of Khaos territory, as it were. As it turned out, most of it was outside other factions', unlike that particular base. The organization was mostly taking over neutral ground and delving into occupied space when they planned attacks or had a specific objective inside said territory or regarding the faction in question. That was good, Joshua didn't want to step on too many toes, if he could help it.

He would, if he had to, but he'd prefer not to.

"Dad?" Kunou called, snapping him from his thoughts.

"Yeah?"

"Can we finish Project Strategy?" the girl asked. Pleaded, more like, and he could see that she was truly tired from her previous exercise.

"Well, I don't know about finishing, but we can work on it some more and see," he answered, storing most of the stuff he was working on before pulling out the necessary stuff for the project. It had been a simple enough one, really. He could have had it ready in a day or two if he really wanted. The point was doing it with Kunou, really, not to just get the spell to work. "So, have you thought about how we'll do that piece?" he asked, making Kunou frown.

Without her knowing, Joshua traded a smile with Yasaka.

"So, you haven't decided on that one yet?" the leader asked, taking a seat.

"Not really," he answered, absently looking as Kunou pulled a blank piece of paper and started drawing on it. "We kinda skipped that to decide everything else, since it was kinda being difficult."

"You mean Kunou couldn't decide how to do it?" Yasaka pointed out and he chuckled. Instead of saying anything, he just nodded. The leader smiled fondly at her child, who would have protested the accusation if not for the fact that she seemed very focused on what she was drawing.

"How about this?" said child suggested, thrusting the sheet on his face. Considering the drawing, he tilted his head and narrowed his eyes. Actually…

"Looks pretty good… Yeah, we can do it like that. I like it better than the original concept, really," Joshua admitted, giving Kunou a proud smile as she beamed at him. "Good job."

"See? I told you I'd come up with something better than just a soldier on top of a tower, dad," she boasted. He'd give her that though, she'd been completely right.

"True," he agreed, planting a hand on top of Kunou's head as they both picked up their tea cups and took a sip. "Now, we just need to do the actual work," Joshua added then.

Kunou, for her part, groaned.

As for Yasaka, she simply hid her mouth with her hand and giggled at her daughter.

[}-o-{]​

"Honestly, I can't believe you made me do all that work for this," Joshua commented, giving Margalo an unimpressed expression. Regardless of his thoughts on the matter, the bird simply gave him a determined chirp, unlike her usually cheerful personality.

At that moment, the little bird was standing on a sword. More specifically a holy sword that was made to heat up when magic was channeled through it. The original version coated itself in flames, but that… Well, that was a bit much for what was supposed to be just training.

'It's interesting, how they focus on a single element's resistance,' Joshua noted to himself. Cheshire had gone for electricity. Nagini for heat and Morag for cold. And now, Margalo was following on the serpent's path, it seemed.

Although, he'd caught the snake giving Jeanne some glances whenever she was making the swords for resistance training.

'Maybe I should train on those myself. I haven't been giving that side much contemplation, besides Poison Resistance,' he mused. Morag's bites had never quite become a triviality. After all, the more she bit stuff, the more her Venomous Bite skill improved, which meant that no matter what, Joshua would never quite pull away.

There was a string of chirping that he could almost swear was curses coming from Margalo then and there. Chuckling to himself, he looked at the bird. He'd had to make a specific Restorative Ward for her training, since she insisted on going further than she was supposed to. On top of that, she was also trying to get a skill that allowed her to use magic, besides Agility, that is.

She wanted something offensive though. Apparently, she hadn't appreciated being the only one to be left out of the raid. Joshua would freely admit, he probably wouldn't take her even if she did get something to fight with. She was much more fragile than the other three. Morag was too, but the spider had her ways to keep herself safe, using traps and stealth. Margalo couldn't really do that when she was flying. Especially if it was in an enclosed space.

If the environment allowed though, Joshua supposed he could make an exception. Cheshire would go with her though, just in case. Call him paranoid or helicopter parent, but he'd known that bird since she'd been barely a hatchling, and he'd be damned if something happened to her on his watch. 'God, was I always such a parent, or is this Kunou's fault?' he wondered in the privacy of his mind.

"No luck making your singing attack?" he asked, watching as the little magical swift deflated. "Have you tried… Not making an attack?" he was pretty sure the look Margalo gave him wasn't a happy one. A hunch of his, as it were. "I'm not trying to discourage you from fighting or anything. But maybe approaching it from another angle will help? You are a nice bird, Margalo, I'm not surprised that attacking doesn't come naturally to you."

She chirped something that sounded like a half-hearted complaint.

"So, I was thinking. Agility was easy enough, right? So making something else that isn't really for attacking might be doable. And from there, you can try to look for a way to turn that into something for offense," he explained calmly. "Or it could help you with the process of making another skill that can actually be used for attack."

The bird gave that a long moment of thought before chirping something that sounded affirmative to him. Joshua nodded, and then watched get try for a bit before his eyes moved to the side. Everyone was training, and that everyone now included a group of friends he'd offered to have over so they could use his training wards.

Having Rias's peerage over was… not what he'd expected. Joshua had half thought that it would be a bit of a mess. He knew they weren't the most stable of people, after all. Evidently, he'd either gotten the wrong impression or the show hadn't quite shown their characters well enough.

Akeno, for example, had her trigger regarding her Fallen side, but that was about it. Granted, she still seemed to have Joshua in her shitlist somewhere, because she was always cold towards him. Cold, but not insultingly so. Hell, at that very moment, the half-Fallen was training with Cheshire to use lightning. Just for that and how well she got with the rest of his little family, he could forgive her attitude towards him.

'Not like I don't understand having a touchy subject,' Joshua mused, his hand moving towards his locket.

"Is that important?" someone asked from his side and he turned to look at Koneko. "You always touch it from time to time."

"A family heirloom, you could call it. It was my father's and his father's before him."

"And his father's before him?" the girl asked with that flat tone of hers. Jeanne said it made her nervous, like it was unnatural. As for Joshua… Well, he got where his sister was coming from, sure, but he also found that… calming, in a way. When people were too emotional in any way, it overwhelmed him, if he was honest.

"No, it was his mother's before that. She was the one that got it, actually. Or so I was told," Joshua explained with a chuckle.

"She knows you are trying to protect her," Koneko said, almost out of nowhere, her yellow eyes fixed on Margalo as the bird continued training. "She wants to protect you too."

"I know that," Joshua admitted with an uneasy smile. "I guess it's just how I am. I want to protect everyone."

"And save everyone," the reincarnated Nekoshou added.

'I think Khaos Brigade would disagree with that,' Joshua thought to himself, almost grimacing as he once again remembered what he'd likely done to all the members he'd got. Even if it was indirect, it felt pretty direct for him.

"I guess," he replied instead of voicing his thoughts.

"Margalo too," Koneko added and Joshua laughed, his eyes finding the subject that the white-haired girl had likely been referring to before. Jeanne, who was currently sparring with Kiba. The two had taken to doing that every time the Gremory group visited to train. With their similar skill sets, they could help push each other to go a little further with their swords. "You really care about them all."

"I do," he agreed easily, truly not knowing where that had come from.

Koneko simply hummed then and Joshua was left wondering what was going through her mind. He'd have thought she felt something in his bond with his familiars, like Yasaka and Kunou had commented on some time ago. However, he also knew that she didn't like to use that particular talent of hers… to put it mildly.

"Rias is very grateful," The girl continued then, and Joshua found himself looking at the redhead, who was training with Nagini, actually. Or, maybe it was better to say that the Gremory heiress was training while under the watch of the serpent. His snake familiar had taken a rather surprising interest in the girl.

'Maybe the Power of Destruction appeals to her, considering the chaotic nature of Nagini's eyes?' Joshua reasoned. He wanted to study that power, if he was honest, but he already had his hands full trying to work on a bunch of different projects. So much so that he barely had time for the things he was working on, nevermind something new.

"Well, I've told you guys that you can come whenever, just call ahead of time," Joshua commented, even if he knew they wouldn't take him up on that offer. After all, he'd already had that talk with the leader of the group.

Rias had explained it to him, but he honestly thought it was stupid. Apparently, they couldn't use his help too much to get better if there wasn't a direct tie to them. The devil nobles would accuse the Gremory's of indirectly helping her, even if they actually weren't doing that. They were either a paranoid bunch or they were trying really hard to screw Rias or her family over.

Honestly, if he hadn't met some of the good devils around, Joshua would have given the faction the same treatment he gave the Church. 'All factions have their bad apples… or maybe the good ones are the special ones?' he thought to himself.

"We would…" Koneko replied simply and he thought that would be it. Until she found something else to bring up randomly. However, it seemed that the surprise was that she'd follow that thread. "Being here… it's nice."

"Ah… Well, I'm glad," Joshua said, unsure of what else to… Well, say.

"It's peaceful here and nobody expects anything. You are friendly and so is the rest," Koneko continued, looking away at everyone else training instead of at Joshua. "At school, there's always someone watching, someone to put an act for, or someone to hide ourselves from. Here… We can do whatever."

"Well, you can come here to do whatever too, if you want to. No need to just come for training," Joshua told her then, a slightly nervous smile on his face. "I could always use more friends."

Koneko hummed something then. A moment later, she sighed resignedly and he gave her a smile. That was the sign that the break was over and she needed to go back to training. As she stood up though, she paused for a second.

"The spider feels… weird."

And with that, she left.

'I wonder if that means what I think it means,' Joshua mused to himself as he turned to look at where his arachnid familiar was weaving yet another artistic web. She was inching towards making her webs into magic circles though and if he was honest, Joshua was looking forward to her starting to cast magic with them. It'd be quite the sight to beyond, he was sure.

"Guess I should go back to training," he mumbled to himself. Pausing, he considered something. Then he took off the jacket he was wearing and after that came the rest of his upper clothes until he was shirtless. The cold hit his skin before he was even done, but that was the idea.

[Skill Unlocked: Cold Resistance]

[}-o-{]​

"You are being mean, Joshua," Kunou accused, eyes narrowed and with her pout in place. She was careful not to call him "dad" since Fuyuko was leaving them their tea cups. Although, judging by the way the yuki-onna's lips twitched into a smirk, he was fairly sure that the cat was already out of the bag, at least with the youkai servants.

"No idea what you are talking about," he replied, doing his best to keep his expression neutral. "Knight to E7," he added then. Both of them looked as the horse riding warrior moved its mount towards the aforementioned tile on the board. Once there, the knight pulled out its sword and pointed it at Kunou's king, who seemed to inch back, afraid. "And check."

"Joshuaaaa!" The girl whined, making him chuckle. "Stop being mean!"

"I'm sure you'll get better with time, Kunou," he reassured after getting his laughter under control.

"Joshua-sama?" Fuyuko said then, drawing his attention towards her. It wasn't often that she talked directly to him, really. More often than not she was just a helping hand, throwing comments here and there when she was around. However, actually calling for him was a strange occurrence. "There's someone here to talk to you."

"Oh?" He blinked.

"They said they are a representative of the House of Water association," the yuki-onna offered as a means of explanation, even if it didn't help all that much. "They also said they'd have contacted you directly or at your home, but they didn't have the information to do so."

Joshua took both statements in as he blinked. The first was easy enough. He might have not paid too much attention to the other magicians when they'd all been around to help Yasaka, but he remembered someone from the House of Water taking the time to talk to him. 'Elias, was it?' He wondered idly.

The second was important though, because he was sure that anyone could find out where he lived if they put enough effort into it. Or, at least they'd get a way to contact him. The Church hadn't had any problems getting his phone number, after all. So, the House of Water had probably purposely not looked that up.

Strange, but not bad, he supposed.

Joshua had to wonder why though. Was it so that the youkai were aware that they were contacting him? Was that some political play he wasn't understanding there? It was a distinct possibility, and he'd work with the assumption that it was until proven otherwise.

Alternatively, it could just be that they hadn't wanted to strike him as strange. The Church had left him a little unnerved with all the information they had on him. Was that it? Some attempt at making him feel more comfortable? If that was the case, he could appreciate it.

'Oh, right, I gotta answer and all that,' he realized after a moment.

"Um, sure? Where do I have to go?" Joshua asked, unsure of what to do from there. "Ah, should I take them home instead of meeting them here?"

"Yasaka-sama said you can use one of the meeting rooms here," Fuyuko informed him. "Now, if you'd follow me?"

"Ok, just… Take some time to think over your move, I guess," Joshua said, turning to Kunou, who had been following the conversation like one would a tennis match. "And if I take too long, you can study for a bit or do homework. No lazing around, ok?"

"Ok, I'm not a child," Kunou protested, crossing her arms and pouting, which really didn't help her argument. Showing much more restraint than the giggling Fuyuko, he simply smiled at the girl and patted her head.

"Of course," he replied, standing up and following the youkai servant out of the room. From there, they made their way through several halls until they finally reached a small room with a table and a few seats. There he found a woman waiting, wearing old style clothes. 'Reminds me of the Harry Potter wizarding world outfits from the movies. Then again… were those not actually old style and I just don't know fashion at all?' He thought idly to himself as he moved to sit across the woman.

"Joshua Davis, I assume?" The woman asked, after the Fuyuko left and the silence in the room had stretched a bit. Joshua hadn't quite broken it because he didn't know what to even start with, but also because he was trying to get a read on the woman. Only thing he got was that she had a very good poker face, really.

"You'd assume right. And you are?" He replied, tilting his head a little.

"Elizabeth Brown, I'm here to represent the House of Water," the now named Elizabeth answered, nodding at him. "I'm also here to ask something from you in the name of the association."

'So, they want something out of me,' Joshua summarized, raising an eyebrow. He really didn't like that roundabout way of saying stuff, but she'd left it simple enough that he couldn't really get annoyed.

"What do you want and what's in it for me?" He asked, maybe more bluntly than he needed to, going directly to the point. If the woman was surprised by that, she didn't show it in any way. Points to her just for that, Joshua supposed.

"We'd like for you to teach a class for our members," She said, which was…

'What?'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

A rather calm chapter after a handful of plot progressing ones, but it can't all be back to back raids and attacks and such. At least, not in my stories… Unless my characters decide to, because let's be real, I've got no idea what they'll do most of the time.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Joshua and Kunou's Project Strategy should be obvious enough to guess. What other projects do you think they have?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 284 others
Adrian King
Jul 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 63 - And I’m Feeling Good New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#256
And I'm Feeling Good

"Hmmm," a little blond girl hummed, eyes narrowed and lips pursed as she looked at Joshua. The man himself, meanwhile, sat opposite to her, raising an eyebrow in response. The expression of suspicion and annoyance intensified but he was undeterred. "You said you wouldn't have other students," Kunou accused eventually.

"I said that?" he asked then, blinking. It wasn't really that he doubted the statement, but more that he didn't remember it. All things considered, it seemed like a distinct possibility, really. The way the girl started mumbling things that weren't actually words made him think she might have been lying and/or exaggerating. "Anyway, you are not dumb, Kunou, don't act like you are."

"Still, why do you want to go anyway? You don't even like doing political stuff," the blonde grumbled, angrily stabbing at the food on her plate. It was a little hurting, really, to see her do that. After all, they'd cooked the meal together. It was stupid to think like that, he knew, but he couldn't help it.

"I don't," Joshua agreed with a deflated look. "Shed seems to think it's a great idea though," the man added, his eyes darting down towards the Charm that he carried with him all the time. The god remained silent at that moment, but he'd been downright giddy when the House of Water representative had asked for the favor, so Joshua had reluctantly agreed.

He'd still agreed on payment for that, but Shed better be appreciative anyway. This whole thing stunk of political shit and he really couldn't be bothered with that. He hoped the whole thing wouldn't turn into a mess, and if it did, that it wouldn't be too bad. Wishful thinking, maybe, but a man could dream.

"Shed's an idiot," Kunou grumbled.

"Kunou!" Yasaka exclaimed, frowning at her daughter. To her credit, the youkai princess shrunk shamefully and apologized under her breath. "That's a god you are insulting, one that's likely paying attention. Please, refrain from insulting them, Kunou."

"I'm sorry. I won't do it again," Kunou mumbled, her downtrodden expression breaking Joshua's heart. Fortunately, Shed didn't seem to mind the slight at all, if he'd heard it. God, he really wished he'd have ignored the Egyptian god back then, but it was a little late already.

He was reluctant to tell the deity no though. After all, Shed had watched Joshua's back for a while already and he'd always been helpful. Of all factions he'd met, he was probably the one that had helped him the most and asked for the least. Even Yasaka and the youkai had asked for quite a bit from him. Shed though? He'd only asked for him to do the youkai job in his name, something that he'd likely have had to do anyway but for someone else.

On top of that, the god was helping him a lot with his familiars, just by boosting his Bond skill, nevermind the other skills that had been affected after the blessing was updated.

"What's all this truly about?" Yasaka asked then, raising an eyebrow at her daughter. The leader maintained her stare even as Kunou grew more and more uncomfortable under it. Joshua could respect that determination, from both of them. He'd probably have caved already if it was him that were making Kunou squirm like that, nevermind being in the receiving end of that judgmental look.

"I just… Don't want him to go away again," the girl whispered then, pushing her food around her plate with every word.

"Kunou, I'm not going away forever. I'll probably not even be away for a full day," Joshua explained, keenly aware of the intense look the girl gave him as soon as he started speaking. "I just have to be there for however long these… classes they want me to hold last. At most one or two hours each, three if I stay to answer questions and such. After that's done, I'll probably be teleporting here. Even if their place is on the other side of the world, that's what teleportation spells are for."

"So, you'll still be here? You won't leave and come back when the thing is done?" Kunou asked, eyes narrowed but nowhere near as upset as she'd been before. Joshua took that as a win, personally.

"No, Kunou, I'll be here, I swear," he promised, giving the girl a reassuring smile. "You won't be getting rid of me that easily. Besides, we still have things to work through, right?"

"Right," Kunou replied, picking up more food with her fork and going silent as she started eating again. For a long moment, nobody spoke a word and Joshua thought that would be it for a bit. He was sure if Jeanne were around, she'd have made a comment about the family dinner and some other thing. Fortunately for him, she'd gone out to eat with Kuisha and Corianna.

He had no problem with a silent meal, really. Most of the time, back home with his parents, he'd get through them like that. They'd just sit together and eat while watching TV or something like that. Calm and relaxing, that's how the meals went by. At most, there'd be some idle banter or something going on between his parents as Joshua sat there listening. His meals with Jeanne weren't much different than that, really, mostly consisting of them telling each other how their day had gone.

Which is why he was a little surprised when Yasaka spoke out of nowhere. Although, to be fair, he only had a single example for a meal with the youkai pair. Considering that, Joshua didn't think it was weird that he'd considered that one time an exception more than a rule.

"Did you ever get what you wanted with the locket done?" the leader asked curiously, making him and Kunou blink. "You mentioned something about that a while back but I never heard about it again."

"Oh, right," Joshua mumbled, realizing what she was talking about. One of his hands moved to his necklace and his thumb moved over the side facing away from him. "Yeah, I did it myself. I just needed to get a few imitations to test stuff and then did it on the original."

"What was it, if you don't mind me asking?" Yasaka asked, all the while Kunou followed the conversation with a very interested look. To be honest, Joshua was even more surprised by the fact that the mother seemed just as curious, really. It… clashed with the composed picture he had of her in his mind.

"Just a little something, mixing up a Storage Spell and a Switch Spell," he started explaining, taking a bite from his meal to get himself some time to gather his thoughts. "The locket is small, so it's good that I didn't need all that much, really. Just, I wanted to add a few more pictures instead of just having the two."

"Your parents, I'm guessing?" Yasaka asked, tilting her head. If he didn't know better, he'd have thought that she knew where she was going with that. With her Life Sensing as high level as it probably was, he wouldn't even be that surprised if she did, even when he hadn't told anyone about it. Still, he liked to think he could keep secrets if he really needed to.

"Yeah, Sairaorg has been doing good work. He found several photographs already," Joshua answered, keeping to himself the fact that just as many seemed to have been lost forever. The Bael devil had told him, after all, that if they hadn't found something by then, then it was unlikely they would at all.

Joshua paused for a moment, considering if he truly wanted to add what was at the tip of his tongue. 'Why am I even hesitating?' he wondered to himself. Granted, it wasn't a small thing, but…

"And a little something extra," Joshua said, forcing a slight smile as he brought a hand to his locket once more. This time, he activated the function he'd added with a little circle engraved on the back of the pictures. The shine of the spell didn't even reach outside, at least until he opened it a second later, when a faint light escaped before the magic was over. Pulling the necklace over his head, he set the heirloom on the table. "You can, um, check it, if you want," he added, even more nervous now that he'd gotten to that point.

He didn't think they'd react negatively but… Well, he still had some of that crippling social anxiety to deal with, he supposed. That, or he was just being negative. Both were equally as likely and he wouldn't be surprised if it was both things at the same time either.

As it was, he forced himself to pass the locket towards Yasaka. It was a little late to back down already, he supposed. And he wasn't truly ashamed of it or anything. 'Stop overthinking already, goddamnit,' Joshua cursed in his mind. Considering the reassuring smile Yasaka gave him, she probably was very aware of how he was struggling internally.

Still, he couldn't quite stop himself from glancing towards the youkai leader to see how she reacted. Wishful thinking, he was sure. After all, Yasaka hardly reacted all that much to stuff. She'd always seem in control, or most of the time. And he was sure this would-

Well, it seemed he was wrong.

The woman's eyes widened ever so slightly before she started looking between the locket, him and Kunou. Ultimately, he saw her expression grow to something that was more expectedly unreadable. However, it wasn't the neutral, controlled unreadable he was used to. It was more that he couldn't quite place the emotions she was showing, as if Yasaka herself was unsure of what she felt.

In the end, she settled for a smile, soft and beautiful. Joshua would almost call it moved. Yasaka didn't say anything though, instead passing the locket to her daughter next to her.

The child reacted much like her mother, which Joshua was expecting a little more. It didn't make the smile that he got afterwards any less of a joy. Really, it was just a photo, it wasn't… He didn't get to finish that thought though, because a split second later Kunou was already running around his dining table. In the blink of an eye, she had her arms wrapped around him and she did her best to squeeze the life out of him.

"I take it you like it?" Joshua asked, awkwardly moving so that he could hug her back.

"Idiot," she mumbled, her words muffled against his clothes. "You are an idiot, dad," she added then, showing no signs of letting go of him. With a smile on his face, he pulled her up to sit her on his lap.

Almost reluctantly, she let go of him, settling with just staying on her new seat as she pulled the locket and looked at it some more. Instead of the photos of Jeanne and his familiars, the two pictures were now one of his parents together and another of Kunou. When he'd first had that idea, Joshua had thought that he would be more reluctant to actually do it. It felt much more meaningful than just saying stuff, even with all the weight of their interactions so far.

For him, this one thing was as important as any piece of paperwork would ever get to be regarding to what Kunou meant to him now. Maybe he was taking a bit of a leap, but he couldn't bring himself to regret it. Furthermore, considering the girl's reaction, he knew he'd done the right thing. On top of all that, Yasaka didn't seem to be against it at all, which was a definite plus too.

"Stupid dad," Kunou mumbled, her eyes still fixated on the little item. Her words, however, broke the atmosphere the smallest bit, drawing a chuckle from him and a giggle from her mother. "Really, really stupid."

"Yeah, I guess I am," Joshua agreed with a nod, dutifully keeping the fact that the girl pressed herself against his chest to himself. As for Yasaka, for a split moment, she looked like she wanted to say something. In the end, she contented herself with looking at them fondly.

[}-o-{]​

"Joshua, don't you think you are taking things a little far?" Jeanne asked as he struggled to get air in his lungs. His arms spasmed, twitching while his fingers did their best to hold onto his daggers. His legs shook, fighting against the elements while feeling barely reached him from his own feet.

"Maybe a little," he acknowledged with a weary nod. "It's what I need to do though," he added, taking a deep breath in through his nose as he regained his senses a little. "Not doing this would be a waste. What if I need one of these resistances in the future?" he asked, mentally calling for some screens to check.

[Cold Resistance – Lvl 4/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand the cold.

Decreases the effectiveness of the cold against the user by 4%.]

[Heat Resistance - Lvl 4/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand heat.

Decreases the effectiveness of heat against the user by 4%.]

[Electric Resistance - Lvl 4/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand the electricity.

Decreases the effectiveness of electricity against the user by 4%.]

Once he'd opened that Pandora's Box, Joshua couldn't find the strength to close it. Training Poison Resistance had been one thing, since it was a very specific process of getting bitten by Morag. Those others though, had required other things and he'd been too lazy to really tackle them like he should have.

Now that he'd started though, he couldn't stop. He'd started training with less clothes on, which was good enough to train Cold resistance since it was winter and there was snow all around. He'd also made Jeanne use swords that were covered in fire and electricity for the others.

It was… an ordeal to get through training, that was for sure. However, every time he got a level, it reminded him that it was all worth it. Besides, he knew that at the end of the session, he'd use liberal amounts of Minor Healing, maybe get acquainted with Healing Gratitude again if they pushed too much. After that, he'd be right as rain once more, ready to keep on going.

Joshua was aware that it was… a little extreme. He had no idea how Jeanne dealt with it, but he made sure to spoil her after every training session. To make up for it a little, if you will. He guessed that the fact that he was careful and always made sure to not overextend helped too.

"We can leave it here today though, I think," Joshua added after a moment of consideration. Caving to her wish to stop usually helped, when he could do that though. He didn't want her to think he'd stop doing it altogether, after all. As it was, he smiled tiredly at her sigh in relief.

"Good," the teenager said, sagging as she let the swords in her hands disappear. Healing Gratitude formed in her grip a second later and he didn't even try to protest as she approached him. His healing spells were coming along nicely, but they weren't a particular focus of his.

He had lots of skills that he just… didn't have the time to improve, he was realizing. Sure, he could have healed himself instead of letting Jeanne do it, and that's what he would usually do. However, it wasn't a massive amount of experience that'd go into the skills, really. And that was still much more than some of his other skills got. Revolver Mastery, Treatment and even Unarmed Combat Mastery, he just didn't have the time to put into those.

Joshua tried to practice fighting without weapons, but with his sister being able to make those at will and his numerous Storage Spells being filled with daggers, it was difficult to see the point. Moreover, any time spent on those was time that he wasn't putting into skills that interested him much more. Ward Magic, Dagger Mastery, Throwing Weapon Mastery, Meditation, Sensing, Illusion Magic, Neutral Magic and more… He had entirely too many skills to work on and his time was limited. It was inevitable that some of those would fall to the side and be all but forgotten.

He had to prioritize, much as it frustrated him to do so.

"So, I was thinking," Jeanne started and Joshua could almost see where she was going already. "Could you put up one of your illusion shows for me and the girls?"

The girls being Kuisha and Corianna, possibly Koneko, since his sister seemed to have realized that the white haired devil got along very well with his familiars. He'd gotten used to Jeanne making a request involving them whenever she started with "I was thinking". It'd usually be a shopping trip, or a meal with them, or some such thing. Joshua guessed that made sense. She finally had friends and family and she wanted both groups to get along together.

Jeanne was pushing it a little, but Joshua didn't have the heart to point that out to her. It wasn't like he didn't like these meetings anyway. The devils were good enough company, really. He'd even go as far as saying they were good friends of his too, actually. Hell, Kuisha had literally been the first devil he'd met, also being one of the first friendships he'd made since… Well, after quite a while.

'Man, relationships are hard,' he thought to himself, growing uncomfortable, as he'd usually do when considering such things. It was why he tried not to, really, and just let things develop as they would.

"Sure, when and will they be staying for dinner?" he asked, pushing uneasy thoughts aside. "Who are "the girls" this time for that matter?"

"We'll have to check for a time, but I'll let you know. And it should be just Kuisha and Corianna," Jeanne replied.

If he'd looked to the side then and there, Joshua might have noticed the thoughtful frown on his sister's face.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua sat in his library, eyes closed as he carefully inspected the information his wards whispered to him. He was half surprised that he hadn't gotten a Ward Sensing skill or something of the sort. With how… deep the practice ran, he was sure it should count as its own ability, really, but that may be him and his love for the art. Regardless of idle thoughts, he was getting what he wanted and that was all that mattered at the moment.

Opening his eyes ever so slightly, Joshua looked down at his notes. Not nearly enough space was left on the sheet of paper that laid on his desk, he noted. With an absent motion, his hand rose to the side and snapped his fingers. A circle shone and new pages appeared next to the one he proceeded to write on, replacing a book that he'd set aside and didn't think he'd use.

"Why use the Switching Spell instead of the Storage Spell?" the person sitting in front of him asked. He didn't answer, and they didn't repeat themselves. Instead, Joshua continued writing his new findings, pushing the question to the side with practiced ease. He didn't want to forget anything he had noticed. Even then, he'd have to check several more times.

"I like having things I own physically there," He replied, his answer short but not curt.

It was true enough. Even with a not so small number of circles for the Storage Spell, there was something more meaningful to having the things be around. It was why he kept most of his books in the library at the house in Kyoto. It was like the difference between having money in a bank account and having a bill in one's hand. It felt more real or maybe it was the other that felt less real? Regardless, that was his opinion on the matter.

"Hm, I see," Serafall mumbled, a childishly thoughtful expression on her face as she rested her chin on both of her palms. Contrary to what one would expect, she wasn't so bad to have around while he worked, which was a small blessing in and of itself. She remained quiet while he read the wards' information. She spoke softly whenever he wasn't, and never pressed the issue if he didn't answer right away.

It seemed that Kunou hadn't been the only one to learn the rules.

"Would it be annoying if I asked how it's going along?" the Satan asked after a moment and a few paragraphs of text. Joshua considered the question for a moment before answering, mainly because he was also checking what he'd already written.

"Normally it isn't. If it is, I'll tell you," he answered, nodding to himself as he noticed a connection with what he'd written, a few sentences from previous notes and some things he'd still left to pen down. "And it's… going, I guess. It's difficult to tell. Sometimes it's like I'm almost there, others I feel like I'll never get it."

His eyes strayed then, moving to the little stand holding a vial. A piece of glass the size of his thumb and filled with crimson liquid. The Phoenix Tears were, if nothing else, awe inspiring in their complexity. To think that what was just a gulp of something could be so intricate. Everytime he inspected them with his carefully crafted wards he found new information, he found new depths to them.

It was amazing.

It was also incredibly frustrating, however.

Joshua sighed, deflating on his seat. He was fairly sure that he'd written everything. He'd check a few more times, but at most he'd add a paragraph or two, if his experience with the research method told him anything. Granted, there had been that one time he'd been surprised by a little detail that had added quite a bit, but it was probably more of an exceptional thing.

After that, he'd have to go over his wards and tinker with them until he had a new set to inspect the miraculous substance with. Rinse and repeat. It was fascinating, but it was also tiresome. He'd have been much less… aggravated with the whole thing if he wasn't on a time crunch.

Taking a deep breath in, he prepared himself to dive back into the wards' whispers.

"You know, Sirzechs is doing his best to keep Ajuka on a leash so that he doesn't come here to pester you about your research and such," Serafall told him and he tilted his head. He was sure it'd been evident that he was about to start focusing once more, so it was weird that the Satan had chosen that moment to speak. "I think it's his way to repay you a bit while he thinks up something else."

"Well, tell him that I certainly appreciate it," Joshua replied wryly. The last thing he wanted was to have his wards breached once more. He'd admit that he still felt bitter about that whole mess. If Ajuka could so easily make his way to his home, could someone else? Were his defenses still so poor?

He was also fairly sure that having the Satan anywhere near his research was probably bad. As far as Joshua knew, they needed to make it as evident as possible that he hadn't had help with the whole thing. Otherwise, the devils would probably accuse the Satans of something, he was sure.

"I'll tell him," Serafall said, beaming at him for a moment. "Say, do you think we could go somewhere after you are done? I have stuff to do but I'd really like to put it off for a bit. Diplomatic meetings are so boring," she added, pouting at the end.

Joshua simply tilted his head.

"And you can't push it for another moment normally because…"

"People get offended when you tell them that you don't want to meet them!" Serafall told him, like he was a particularly slow guy. "But if I tell them that I was meeting this super important magician and the business went on for a little longer than usual, well…"

"So, I'm your excuse, huh?" He noted with a slight smile before chuckling. "Yeah, guess we can go somewhere to relax. I certainly feel like I need that myself."

"Yay~! You are the best, Joshua!" she cheered, while he shook his head.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I like how this chapter turned out. It's not amazing or anything, but it still leaves me with a feeling that it's good. Considering how often I become a nervous wreck about chapters, that's nice, I gotta say.

Anyway, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: Considering current times, do you care about football/soccer? I'm not a fan, honestly, and it seems like the more I watch it, the less I like it.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 266 others
Adrian King
Jul 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 64 - I Wanna Start by Letting You Know This New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#258
I Wanna Start by Letting You Know This

Daggers met swords, as was usual.

'Jeanne is entirely too good for someone that doesn't have a system,' Joshua thought to himself, trading blows with his sister. Their dance of blades almost practiced choreography at that point. There were upsets, new approaches and ideas being thrown into the mix and reacted to with varying degrees of ease.

That thought was something that Joshua often had in his mind. However, it was an amusing one, all things considered. His sister was a known Hero Descendant at that point, or so he supposed. After all, the Hero Faction of Khaos Brigade had been sure that she was one.

Thus, he wondered what people thought about him. He wasn't a Hero Descendant. As far as the world knew, he was just a normal human. Normal humans, however, couldn't keep up with a Hero Descendant though. Especially when they weren't Sacred Gear holders. Hell, Joshua had to wonder how bewildered people were that he could even fight close combat as well as he did while actually being mainly a warder.

A frown on Jeanne's face told him that he'd spaced out a little too much there, which was further confirmed by the stronger than normal blow that came from her blade. He blocked it, but he had to grimace slightly at the strain in his arms. Moreover, soon followed the second of his sister's blades, even if it had less power behind it. He barely got out of the way before the hit landed.

The cold winter air did its best to freeze its way to Joshua's lungs, which he wasn't sure if it was actually bad. Fighting had a way to make him burn inside and plead for some coolness. The way his Cold Resistance rose, however, belied how bad the thing actually was. Although, that might have been the just as cold air that hit his bare chest as the spar went on.

Over their heads was Margalo, flying and singing. Joshua had been actually pretty surprised when his bird familiar had succeeded in making a skill to use her magic besides Agility. Although, in hindsight, it shouldn't have been much of a shock, really.

[Courageous Song – Lvl 7

Defines the user's ability to boost others with their voice.

Consumption - F]

What the skill boosted, he wasn't very sure, but he suspected that it gave a small nudge to everything. He'd tested with some wards to sense the changes and Joshua was reasonably sure of his guess. So far, everything he'd checked was boosted, at least regarding stats. Strength, Speed and so on, all of them were increased by the skill, if only slightly.

Small, the boost might be, but it was still nice to have in their favor. On top of that, there was the possibility of the skill getting much better with time. Although, the bird herself wasn't all that happy with her new skill. She really wanted something to use for offense, after all.

Bringing his focus back to the fight, Jeanne's electric blade did its job as he blocked it with a dagger, sending a shock to his arm.

[Electric Resistance has gone up a level.]

The fire sword sent an arc of flames at him that washed diagonally over his chest. It burnt, but not enough to make him shift his stance or anything. It hurt, of course, but his Restorative wards were already working to diminish the effect. He'd made those so that they'd focus on making the wounds hurt less before anything else. He could fully heal them after the spars were over if the wards weren't done yet.

And so the training fight continued.

That didn't mean that the only one to get some hits in was Jeanne. It was just that Joshua needed to actually get hurt for his resistances to raise. Thus, he had his sister hold back less than he did. It was a difficult thing for the girl, but she'd accepted the logic behind it. It was better for her to hit him then so he could improve than for an enemy to hit him later.

He was fairly sure that the voices had supported him on that argument.

So, whenever he could sneak past her guard, he stopped his knives before actually cutting her. The good thing was that even if his attacks never actually landed, they worked to frustrate her. Everytime she should be getting hit, she got annoyed, and that meant her stance always slowly crumbled to dust.

Stopping both of her swords with his own daggers, Joshua paused.

"I think that's enough," he decided. He'd pushed for a longer session, but Jeanne wasn't benefitting all that much from it by that point. She was getting in her head too much and the voices seemed to not be helping her all that much now. At his call, her arms sagged and she let out a sigh before taking a deep breath in.

"I don't know how you do this while like that and getting hit with my swords' magic. I can barely keep up like I am," Jeanne commented, accepting the water bottle he threw at her after taking two from his Storage Spell. "Thanks."

"Don't mention it," Joshua replied, taking a gulp of his own drink. "And I've been training for longer than you. Besides, there's a reason why I'm training like this to begin with. My resistances go up, which makes it easier to actually go on. "

"If you say so. I just think you are a freak of nature or something," Jeanne said, clearly joking. She wasn't entirely wrong though, Joshua supposed. "Sooo~"

'Oh, God, here we go again,' he thought, sighing to himself.

"About this date I heard about-"

Margalo chose that moment to land on his shoulder and chirp something. That was quickly followed by Cheshire letting out a roar in her tiger form. 'Something happening?' Joshua wondered, blinking as he checked on the wards.

"Josh?" Jeanne called then, evidently surprised by the shift. He didn't answer her though, taking off in a dash towards the trees to the side. There was Morag, almost waiting for him, who welcomed him by jumping on his chest and then crawling on his hands when he brought them up.

Immediately, a familiar process happened as the spider's magic connected with his and the Charm of Shed. For a moment, before his focus shifted fully towards his familiar, Joshua felt the deity giddily "watch" as the process started. Immediately afterwards, his attention was pulled almost forcefully towards Morag, who started twitching and shifting.

His wards fed him magic energy then, helping him keep his reserves up even as his familiar fed off of him to evolve. This, together with Cheshire's and Nagini's presences through their bond, helped Joshua keep his mind from becoming a confused, dizzy mess. This, in turn, made it so that he was almost aware of the change that was going on with Morag.

The black spider started growing more and more, from roughly the size of his hands to his forearm. It didn't stop there though, Morag just kept on increasing in size as the seconds passed. Soon, she was the size of his torso and she still didn't stop. Eventually, she did, however.

"Carrying you around will be kinda difficult, it seems," Joshua commented, tiredly sitting on the ground and leaning against a tree trunk. In front of him, Morag shifted slightly, clicking her mandibles. Through their new bond, Joshua felt her send him a slightly dejected feeling, even through the excitement and contentment of the evolution.

[Morag

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Giant Spider

Gender: Female

Strength: C

Speed: C+

Dexterity: B-

Vitality: C

Perception: C

Magic: C+

Perks: 2

Skills: 8]

'No new perks or anything, it seems,' Joshua mused as his spider familiar crawled over him and sort of "sat", half covering him with her legs. 'Giant Spider sounds about right,' he noted idly as he looked at her huge body. She'd certainly grown quite a bit with that last change, it seemed. Maybe she'd felt a little bad about being so small compared to Nagini and Cheshire? Could that kind of thing affect the evolution? He wasn't sure, but regardless, he was happy for his familiar.

Margalo, still on his shoulder, chirped something to him.

"You'll get your turn soon, I'm sure. Just gotta work on your magic and you should be there soon," he reassured the bird with a slight smile. "For now, I guess we gotta organize a party, huh?"

"Guess so," Jeanne commented from the side with a smile. "At least she wasn't a meanie, waiting to evolve when I wasn't around," she added. Joshua laughed out loud at that, especially when he felt the offense that came to him through his bond with Cheshire and Nagini. Morag, meanwhile, seemed pretty happy, all things considered.

"You've got no idea the conversation you saved me from, by the way," he whispered to the spider. "You are the best, Morag," he added, receiving a very amused feeling through their new bond.

[}-o-{]​

"I hope things are to your liking?" the girl sitting next to him asked, pushing her glasses up before taking the cup that was placed in front of her. Joshua considered the question while looking around, bringing his own tea up to his lips.

"Yeah. This is great. Better than what I expected, actually," he admitted, a smile tugging at his lips. Especially when he looked at Jeanne, off to the side carrying a tray with drinks. "You've done an excellent job, Sona. Especially from what I saw regarding the people that'll work here."

"Considering the wards you've been placing around Kuoh, this is the least Rias and I could do," Sona replied, smiling wryly at him.

"Well, if you don't mind, I'll keep you in mind next time I need a job like this one done," Joshua commented, still taking in his new cafe, located in Kuoh. It looked, as he said, much better than he'd expected it to be. "Sairaorg is great and all but… He's not much for logistics. Kuisha does what she can, but… Well, I'd prefer to give those jobs to someone more… proficient with such."

"Don't worry, they are unlikely to hold that against you. Such jobs are not exactly their favorites, so they'll probably appreciate those being pawned off to me," Sona told him, with an amused smile. She'd evidently picked up on his discomfort with his own statement, it seemed.

"Good to know."

"On that note, I'll admit Rias did most of the decoration, the uniforms and ultimately most of what has to do with looks," Sona admitted, and he considered that. The Gremory heiress had done a good job on that front too. The uniforms weren't as bad as he'd half had expected, considering Kuoh's, for one. They were tasteful, which was as much as he could hope for, he supposed.

"Hm, she has a good eye for this kind of thing then? Something to keep in mind too, I guess," Joshua noted to himself. As a particular group of people became just a bit too loud for a moment, his eye twitched. "I so want to put a knife in between their eyes," he growled.

"Rias and I would appreciate it if you didn't," Sona calmly told him, even if there was a touch of wryness in her tone. "Hiding deaths is a little more bothersome than other things."

Silently, Joshua turned to the side, giving the trio of perverts a glare. They didn't notice, of course. That is, until he added a little something. 'Bloodlust,' he activated, making the three boys straighten where they sat. Immediately, they turned to fearfully look at him. They started sweating when he stood up and calmly walked up to them.

"Jeanne has mentioned you three. The Perverted Trio, I think her words were," Joshua commented, taking the empty fourth chair in their table and sitting on it as he regarded the three wary boys. "I'm Joshua Davis, her brother. Or Davis Joshua, I guess it would be for you," He introduced himself.

"Ah, brother-in-law- Ugh," the bald one was also a bold one, it seemed. It wouldn't go well for him, that was for sure, because Joshua turned up his skill as much as his glare.

"I don't like you," he told them bluntly. "So you'll stop being little shits and behave like decent, well adjusted people, or I'll make sure you regret it. Was I clear? Same if you do anything stupid in here."

"You can't just do that. That has to be some kind of crime or abuse or-"

"And being a disgusting sexual harasser has to be too," Joshua shot back before the one with glasses finished. "I'm the owner of this place, so I can keep you out of it if I want. As for the school… Well, I'm more important than I look. You don't want to cross me. A pleasure meeting you, Bald-kun, Glasses-kun, Plain-kun," he finished with, nodding at them and leaving.

"Was that necessary?"

"They make Jeanne uncomfortable and I bet they'd do the same with any female staff we get here," Joshua countered to Sona once he returned to their table. "So, keep them in check, or I swear I'll do something drastic. There's only so much annoyance I can put up with."

"I know that, but as things stand-"

"If you are gonna make excuses, save it," he interrupted, clearly catching her off guard. "My mother raised me better than to have me stand and do nothing when shit like that is going on. You will be doing something about that, Sona. It wasn't a question. You've repeatedly said that you owe me for all the wards I'm placing over Kuoh. So, I'll add this as payment. Keep those three and any other pervert in check or just outright deal with them. Because I'll take Jeanne and my wards far, far away from here if not."

The previous calm and controlled Sona now looked pale, almost sweating bullets. He'd have felt bad about that, but he couldn't bring himself to care. It was already unacceptable that they just accepted things like that as it was, but when they involved Jeanne and his new business? Not just no, but hell no. Apparently, the Japanese didn't like punishments at schools or something of the sort, even when they were deserved. Something like that was what he'd heard, and it honestly made him really angry.

Fuck their culture, if it allowed those three to continue as they were. Like he was going to stand there and let strangers perv on his sister or anyone else just because they could. Jeanne was liking Kuoh well enough, aforementioned perverts notwithstanding, so he was unlikely to actually pull her out. However, he would call whoever he had to and force Sona's and Rias's hands if he had to. Sirzech and Serafall would surely do that much for him. If not… Well, they were in Yasaka's territory, if he remembered right.

"Noted," Sona mumbled hesitantly, and he could see the gears turning in her head. Good, she was taking him seriously. As well she should. "We have been trying to curve their behavior but-"

"Sona," he interrupted, sounding supremely unimpressed. "You can twist mundane minds however you like. There has to be a way for you to do it and I'm sure you can find it. So do it," he told her and she gulped, nodding. "Good." Sighing, he turned to look around his new cafe. "I'll work for a bit, I suddenly need something to distract myself."

[}-o-{]​

[Griselda Quarta]

Things were getting out of hand and fast.

It was something that was, as she was starting to understand, the expected thing when it came to one Joshua Davis. The man, for all his calm personality, had a way to make things spiral out of control when he was involved. It was like dealing with a walking storm's eye. He was perfectly fine, but everything around him was chaos.

Things had calmed down for a while, after the Youkai were secure and the entire mess had been dealt with, even if it had been more complicated than expected. Griselda had heard quite a bit about that and she'd thought things had gone well for her faction in particular. They got a good connection to the whole thing in Joshua, who had done a great job of helping everyone he was involved with and their relationship with the Youkai. This was further helped by the Church offering extra help when it came to Annihilation Maker.

However… That calm hadn't lasted and the storm had come back shortly after. Apparently, Joshua had decided that he had personal business to attend to with Khaos Brigade. Even worse, the Youkai faction was backing him up, which made sense since they had been particularly affected by the group, but it complicated matters further.

And why, oh why had it been the Church's territory the one that had to house a Khaos Brigade base. Griselda half wondered why Joshua and the Youkai hadn't accused them of being accomplices, really. To make a bad situation even worse still, her superiors had refused to take the magician's offered hand to deal with the terrorists.

She'd tried her best to explain the situation to them, some even understood, to some extent. However, most of them refused to see past the way this "normal magician" wanted them to work with devils and fallen angels. It frustrated Griselda to no end, especially since that mentality had poisoned even her ward, Xenovia, who she loved like a daughter.

Now, the woman was offered a chance to fix all the problems that had been caused for no good reason besides prejudices and old grudges. What did it say about the Church, her own faction, that devils were more reasonable to deal with than them? Regardless of that, she could only hope that things weren't completely ruined already. Maybe there was a way she could talk her way into making things better.

With a deep breath in, she looked at the phone in her hands. Before she could lose her nerve, she pressed the call button and then placed the device on her ear. She didn't have to wait more than a few seconds, but even just that felt like a hour. She was nervous, she'd admit, and she was very unsure of how things would go.

"Miss Quarta," Joshua greeted her with as he picked up the call. "Or is it Mrs.?"

"Miss Quarta is fine, Mr. Davis," she said, instantly picking up that she wasn't "Griselda" anymore, it seemed. She mentally complained about her superiors. Or, at least, the previous ones. "I was calling to talk about the… agreement you spoke of before. The one with the other factions you've allied yourself with."

"Calling it an alliance is a bit much," Joshua told her then, although he sounded… dismissive, in a way. Or maybe just distracted. It was difficult to tell. "It's as you said, we have agreements."

Griselda would have been more inclined to believe that if she didn't know as much as she did regarding his relationship with the youkai. As it was, she wasn't really as informed about how deeply he was involved with the devils and fallen, so it was better to tread carefully in that aspect. Besides, she wasn't doing all that just to antagonize him.

"Anyway," Joshua continued then. "I'll talk with them later, I guess. As it is, there's not that much to work with at the moment. Last I heard, the problem I'd heard about involving your faction was dealt with, remember?"

By him, was the part that he was omitting. Literally everyone that knew anything about the event was aware that Joshua had been the one to do it. No way any of his allies had risked a war just to deal with a small base. An unaligned party unofficially backed by them though? That was a different thing.

The problem, at least for some, was that nobody could prove that it was him. There were no traces whatsoever that anyone at all had been there. Their investigators hadn't even managed to find anything regarding the Khaos Brigade members that had been there. It was as if the whole place had been devoid of people since forever, which didn't make sense, because there was evidence that the place had seen use and was a base of the terrorist group. They just couldn't find any magical or mundane traces of people in specific.

"Surely you don't expect that to be the case forever," Griselda replied, pushing those thoughts to the side.

"Hm, I don't know," Joshua shot back and she could practically see the man shrugging. "Things went well enough before. And besides, I remember you being distinctly against the idea. Hell, pretty sure you were accusing me of trying to stage attacks and shit."

A politician, Joshua was not, that much was very obvious. Then again, Griselda had met quite a few of those that had less manners and decorum too, so… Maybe she was just letting her annoyance at the whole situation get to her, she supposed.

"You offered us the chance in the first place for a reason, surely," Griselda tried then, growing increasingly more aware of how difficult things would be. It seemed that despite his calm and kind personality, Joshua could hold a grudge just as easily. That didn't bode well for her mission.

"Yeah, because it looked like we could get things done. You know, have a working relationship where we both could get things we wanted. Kind of like I managed with the fallen and the devils, you know? Evidently, I was wrong," Joshua explained to her. The jarring thing was that he did so in a casual manner, as if it were a normal thing to do, to just outright sever ties with a faction.

"Mr. Davis," she started then. "Surely there's a way we can… fix some of the damage our previous approach has done."

"Hm, I don't know," Joshua replied, making her blink. "As it is, I'm kind of busy right now. Will be for a bit, actually. Maybe you can call later, Miss Quarta?"

"Mr. Davis? I know things went badly, but you yourself said that things were also good before-"

"Did you think that was an excuse? I actually have stuff to do, Miss Quarta," Joshua interrupted, now sounding annoyed. "I have to teleport in a bit. House of Water contacted me to teach a class, as I'm sure you'll figure out with your vast resources for information that you have no business knowing," he added, sounding supremely annoyed. She'd already picked up that from before, the way he seemed uncomfortable with people knowing more about him than he expected them to.

She couldn't help that, however. It was how the Church worked. How most people worked, really. You couldn't just not know information about important people, the more important the more unacceptable ignorance was.

The mention of House of Water was… interesting. If it were up to her, it would be left at that, but Griselda was aware that the association had… quite the reputation when they'd started out. Back in the day, they'd barely skirted the line between a magician association and a criminal organization. However, those days seemed to have slowly but surely been left behind. People in high places loved living in the old days, however. Maybe because they were old themselves, she supposed.

The association was also strong. Not quite Golden Dawn level, let alone Grauzauberer, but they were a solid one. The only reason they weren't in a better standing was because of the aforementioned reputation problems and nothing else. They were certainly not to be underestimated.

And now Joshua was apparently being asked to do stuff for them.

"So, yeah. I have people to teach," Joshua said then, clicking his tongue. "Talk to you later, Miss Quarta."

"When would be a good time to contact you, Mr. Davis?" she asked then, almost desperate for some sort of victory in the mess of a conversation she'd had to get through.

"In a few hours, I guess. If that's not good, then I guess tomorrow should be fine," Joshua replied. "Now, goodbye."

Before Griselda could even begin saying her own farewells, the call was ended.

"It seems that things will be more complicated than expected," the person in front of Griselda commented.

And wasn't that an understatement? Their expectations had been low, but somehow things were even worse than that. Furthermore, Griselda noted something with some trepidation. Not only had Joshua called her Miss Quarta through the whole conversation, which was already very telling seeing as he'd always called her by her name. On top of that, he'd never once asked her to stop calling him Mr. Davis.

"It seems so, Seraph Gabriel," she said in the end, deflating slightly where she sat.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Some great doubts in my mind regarding the Griselda part, but everything else looks fine to me.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you prefer to see in Author Notes? I don't generally read them (I apologize to any authors that might read this and authors I've read stuff from), but I prefer to see shorter notes. When I see a wall of text after a chapter I kinda roll my eyes and go "tl;dr".

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 272 others
Adrian King
Jul 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 65 - And Can We Call It Fair? New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#261
And Can We Call It Fair?

The House of Water place that Joshua was teleported to was… oddly normal, all things considered. He'd come by himself with only Cheshire, since most of his familiars were… Well, they were a bit on the big side. And Margalo had been having a good time with Jeanne watching old episodes of Serafall's show, so there was that.

Speaking of, the Satan had offered to send someone with him, but he'd waved her off. Yasaka too, for that matter. He'd told the two of them and that was enough for him, really. Yasaka's people had to have checked the person that had arranged the whole thing, so that meant that this whole thing was really from the House of Water. It would be really dumb to call for him like this and do something stupid.

"And this is the entrance to the wing in which we study and grow magical plants," his guide for the day told him. It seemed that before they talked about the class, they'd decided to give him a tour around the whole place. Which… reminded him a lot of Sona, amusingly enough. The guy was really proud of the place, that was for sure.

The man kept talking after that, of course, but Joshua only half paid attention. He was entirely too awed by the sight of the several greenhouses and such, all of them containing different weather conditions for the supernatural plants to grow. It was all done with engraved spells powered with wardstones, he guessed. Like how he'd made the necklaces. Still…

'Wonder if I can do that with wards,' Joshua considered with a tilt of his head. 'Then again, I already lack the time. Gardening might be out of my possibilities. Something to take note of though, I guess.'

There were other parts of the place that he quite liked. Like the library, which made him wonder what kinds of knowledge was there that he might not be able to find anywhere else. Or the open area where students and members of the association practiced spells. He so wanted to see what data he could gather with wards in that place.

Over everything else, Joshua was surprised about the college vibes the whole place gave off. Magical college, of course, but still. He'd admit that it gave him a slight feeling of dread too. Fortunately, he was confident in his capabilities with the magic he used. Especially considering that he'd been asked to come and teach about it. He rather doubted they would have done that if he was bad.

"Now, I'm sure you are curious about the class we want you to give and have questions about it," the man, who Joshua had already regrettably forgotten the name of, said.

"I was told that I'd give a class about wards with focus on spell modification," Joshua replied, giving the man his full attention for the first time in the day. "Not the most detailed explanation, I have to say."

"Yes, we are sorry," the man apologized. Although, he looked more nervous than apologetic, weirdly enough. "Spell modification isn't something that most magicians can do. We were told that it was your specialization."

Joshua would have said his specialization was wards, really. Then again, everything he'd seen and read made it seem like modifying spells was supposed to be hard. Maybe he was the weird one out, once more, but it was something that he was starting to understand.

"Since you are here in a temporary course, as you know, we thought it better to allow you a range of freedom. You won't be expected to give marks to the students or anything of the sort and you can work through the classes as you see fit," the man continued explaining. Joshua was kind of surprised by that, really.

"That's a lot of freedom, actually."

"Yes, well, Director Agnes believes you can be trusted with such. On top of that, from what I heard, you've got powerful people vouching for you, Mr. Davis," the man told him, and Joshua had the slight feeling that he was nervous. A quick check with Life Sensing confirmed as much.

"Call me Joshua," he said, looking around again. "Is there a classroom already assigned for this that you can show me?"

"Of course, of course, please follow me," the man answered instantly, gulping and starting to walk down the hall. It was rather suspicious, really, that he was so affected by… Joshua didn't even know what. Maybe he could ask someone. Surely he wasn't intimidating him, right? Even if he was important for the faculty to get him to go and teach a class, surely he hadn't done something that could make the guy afraid, right? "This is where your classes will be held, unless you'd prefer something different, of course," his guide said, signaling with his hands as he opened the door. The last part though came out rather quickly.

Ignoring the nearly panicking man, Joshua looked around. There were rows and rows of desks, with each row being a staircase step lower than the one behind it. He had to look up to see the seat at the further back, but he supposed it helped make everyone be able to see him more clearly. There was also a blackboard in front of everything and a bigger desk for himself. Everything else was pretty bare, which made sense, he guessed.

"Good enough, I guess," Joshua said in the end, nodding before walking a little. Mostly to check the desk and see if there was anything on the drawers or something. He wanted to see if he needed to bring something. It'd be rather embarrassing if he had a class and suddenly realized that he didn't have something to write on the board or some such… Although, he guessed he could use illusions for that, but the point stood.

"I'm glad," the guy replied, although he said it almost like it was a question.

"Anything I should know about the students?" Joshua asked, pulling a notebook and a pencil from his Storage Spell and readying to take some notes. "What level of knowledge can I expect from them? What sort of progress am I expected to make?"

"Courses and temporary classes aren't usually expected to reach certain levels of progress. Much less those such as yours, since you won't even be expected to check on it at all," the man answered, sounding a little more certain. Maybe he knew that answer better, Joshua supposed. "As for the knowledge of the students. The class was advertised to more advanced people and it was made clear that you are mainly a Ward Magic user. However, word surely has gotten around, so we wouldn't be surprised if more inexperienced people or people out of that branch show up for the class."

"Mixed bag, basically," Joshua picked up, reading between the lines. It should have been annoying, but he was more curious about how he could teach a class like that and have everyone benefit from it. It sounded like a challenge, and he could take one of those.

"Mr. Davis?"

"Call me Joshua, please," he repeated, this time more firmly, which drove the guy firmly into panic once more. This time Joshua didn't feel too bad about it. What was it with people refusing to call him by his name? Surely it wasn't that much of a problem.

"Of course, Mr- I mean, of course, Joshua," the guy stammered. Joshua just sighed and rolled his eyes. It seemed that it'd be a little more taxing than he'd expected to get through the whole thing. He could only hope the actual classes would go easier or he'd have to have words with Shed.

The amused feeling that Cheshire sent him as she jumped on the desk of the classroom didn't help at all.

[}-o-{]​

Teleporting back home, Joshua took a deep breath in as he sat down at the table. The house was silent, which meant that Jeanne was probably out with her friends. Morag was probably already making her way down the stairs towards them and Nagini was still curled up in the corner she'd been in when they left. Margalo had probably either gone with Jeanne or decided to go flying outside somewhere. His hand found its way to Cheshire's head when she joined him, laying in front of him on the table.

His other hand held the notebook he'd taken his notes on and he considered how to best tackle this job. 'This better be worth it,' he thought to himself with a sigh. The Charm gave him a reassuring and encouraging feeling but it wasn't very effective, really.

Then he and Cheshire both tilted their heads towards the house's door. A second later, they heard someone knock. His wards by that point made it so that he could just know if someone was at his door. Nothing could be anywhere near his property without him knowing, for that matter. Or that was the goal, at least. He wasn't too worried though. After all, the person had teleported inside his wards, which meant that they were someone he'd allowed in.

Less than a second after the fact, he already knew who it was and he chuckled to himself. Standing up, he moved towards the door with Cheshire walking next to him. Thinking about classes would have to wait, it seemed.

"Hey there, Serafall," he greeted with a smile. "We didn't have anything arranged for today, did we?"

"Nah, you said you were going to see House of Water today," the Satan replied, skipping in before he closed the door behind her. "I gotta make someone wait for a bit and thought I'd visit. I'd like for them to think by themselves for a bit, you know, make them sweat."

"Makes sense. You want anything to drink or eat?" Joshua asked as they moved towards the dining room. Once there, he waved his hand and the notebook with the information regarding House of Water disappeared in a Storage Spell. After that, he started making his way to the kitchen, because he'd prepare himself a cup of tea regardless, but also because-

"Of course, anything you prepare is great, Joshua!" Serafall answered enthusiastically. "How was the magic association?"

"Is that a question by Levia-tan or by Satan Leviathan?" Joshua shot back instead of replying to the question. It was something he wondered often when talking to Serafall, or Yasaka for that matter. Sometimes it was hard to tell if they were going to use something he said for something more… job related, as it were. He didn't much care, really, but it was something to keep in mind, he supposed.

Then again, he continued carrying Shed's Charm everywhere and that was probably worse, on that front. After all, he'd never even had a single conversation with the god and the guy seemed to be listening in on everything that went on around Joshua. The feeling of slight guilt and reassurance wasn't very… reassuring, really.

"Joshuaaaa~ I'm a good friend, how can you accuse me of something like that~?!" the Satan protested childishly and he rolled his eyes. That wasn't a no, he noticed, but he didn't dwell on that too much. Serafall hadn't given him any reason to doubt her so far, so he'd trust her for now. The devils did have some suspicious things going on, but he'd focus on what actually mattered to him. No need to overthink stuff.

"Right, sorry," he apologized as he worked. "So, anything new to tell?"

"Nah, same old same old. Politics are boring," she replied and he could easily imagine the childish pout on her face. "The show's been going nicely though. And we've brainstormed to see if we can add Mar-chan there too!"

'Speaking of, I should check…' he mused then. The bird was usually with one of them, but since Jeanne wasn't at the house… 'Ah,' he nodded to himself, noticing that she was just flying around in the forest outside, still within his wards as she knew to do when she was by herself.

"I'm sure she'll be happy to hear that. Although, I think she's gonna change soonish," Joshua commented, drawing a humming sound from the Satan as he moved with a tray to the table and sat opposite to her. It was sort of relaxing, to have a friendly face and something to drink and eat. It was basically how their last outing had gone, despite Jeanne's insistence that it was a date. They'd just gone to a cafe, ordered something and spent some time talking about nothing of importance.

A nice break from all the worries and stress that came from constant work and such, that was for sure.

"You made an impression on Sona, it seems," Serafall said then, out of nowhere. Joshua, for his part, simply blinked as he tried to catch up with that shift. "You aren't trying to charm my cute little sister, are you?" she asked then, narrowing her eyes.

"Ah, no? Don't even know what could have made that happen," he answered bluntly. "I mean, just last week I had to threaten to leave Kuoh if she and Rias didn't deal with some… annoyances around town. If anything, I thought she'd, you know, dislike me."

"Hmm," she hummed, keeping her suspicious stare for a long moment. "I don't believe you. You aren't a player, are you? You are, aren't you?! You are surrounded by beautiful women, Josh!" she exclaimed, getting more dramatic with each sentence. She did so in a very familiar fake tone though, which made him roll his eyes.

"As if I didn't know that," he shot back. Honestly, some of the women he'd met were outrageously gorgeous. As expected of an ecchi world, he supposed. It was very distracting at times, but he managed. "But no, I'm not making a move on your sister. Don't worry."

"Huh… Well, that's reassuring," Serafall replied, back to her peppy personality. "So, she's not your type?"

"I don't have a type," Joshua answered with another roll of his eyes. Seriously, this was starting to sound like one of his "chats" – read, interrogations – with Jeanne. It would be double as awkward when it was with a friend instead of his sister, he just knew it.

"I don't believe you~" she said with a sing-song tone before he almost saw the random shift coming. "Any projects you are working on? Besides the Phoenix Ward, that is," Serafall asked and he blinked, processing the question.

"Eh, a bunch of wards mixed up with some spatial spells. I'm trying to see if I can make something… Well, I'll leave it as a surprise. I'm sure it'll be cool if I can manage it," Joshua answered with a grin. He was quite excited with his new project. The cleaning ward had been useful for things outside of just saving time in chores, as it had demonstrated during the raid.

"You are not gonna tell me? That's mean," she complained, pouting at him. "You suck, Joshua!"

"More than the politicians you have to deal with?"

"Wowowow! Let's not go overboard, yeah?" she shot back, giggling.

"I'll take that as a win, then," Joshua commented with a chuckle.

[}-o-{]​

"Thanks, guys."

"Don't mention it, Josh," Ladora told him with a smile as he and Gandoma helped him move trays with food to the table. He could have put them in Storage Spells, but he'd been training not so long before and he didn't feel like using magic. The two of them had been kind enough to lend him a hand, which he was grateful for.

"And… there we go," Joshua announced, as they set the things on the table and he took his seat.

"Looks amazing as usual," Corianna praised, looking at the dishes like a person that hadn't eaten in weeks.

"It does," Kuisha agreed, somewhat less enthusiastically. Looking at her, Joshua noticed that there was a prominent blush on her face. Next to her, Jeanne was looking at her with an unimpressed expression.

"What'd you do now, Jeanne?" he asked, giving his sister much the same look she was giving her friend.

"What? I did nothing!" she protested, but he didn't believe a word she said. "I really didn't!" she insisted, offense showing in her face. "Why are you looking at me like that?!"

"Sorry for her," Joshua told Kuisha and, if anything, she became even more red. That was as much as he could do though. He could narrow his eyes at Jeanne though and let her worry about if he'd do anything. If the look on her face was anything to go by, he succeeded. "She can be a bit much."

"I-There's nothing to be sorry for!" Kuisha told him quickly. So much so that her words kind of blended together in a mumble that had Coriana and Jeanne snickering. Joshua gave his sister a look that shut her up and he gave Kuisha an apologetic smile but didn't say anything else.

"I think we can get started now, right?" Sairaorg called at that moment with an amused grin on his face. Joshua looked at him for a long moment though. The man had been acting strange as of late. He was mostly the same, but the Bael devil would sometimes get distracted, his gaze getting lost on something that nobody could see. Joshua wondered if that was how he looked when his mind got away from him with ward ideas and such.

He'd even asked a few times, but nothing had come out of it. Whatever it was, Sairaorg didn't feel like sharing that with him. Joshua could understand and respect that, of course, but that didn't mean he wouldn't worry for his friend.

'Maybe I'll have to talk with him soon,' Joshua considered as he started eating with the rest of the group. Sometimes it felt like he had many things in his "to do" list. And any time he felt like he could scrap one of those things, two more appeared. 'The Hydra List, I guess it could be called,' he thought amusedly.

Almost absently, he looked around the table and he felt a chill run down his spine at the look Jeanne was sending his way.

'That can't mean anything good for me.'

[}-o-{]​

Absently, Joshua juggled his knives as he considered what to do next with his Phoenix Ward project. Brainstorming new ideas of how to gather information was getting more and more complicated. Finding new approaches that he might not have thought of before wasn't an easy thing, that was for sure. Even just thinking up something that he had already tried and giving it a little different spin was harder and harder as time went by.

He wasn't about to give up though.

Not only had he already told Rias, Serafall and Sirzechs about it, which meant quite a bit of pressure. He knew they likely didn't even really expect him to succeed, but just the idea of telling the girl that he'd failed was heartwrenching. Joshua would do his best to avoid that, he'd decided long ago.

Besides that, he knew it was possible, but it was like trying to fill a pool but only being able to gather water with his hands. So very slow that it seemed impossible, and yet he was still reasonably sure that he could make it in time. He felt like a gambler in a casino, thinking that maybe the next session would give him the clues he needed to finally start really piecing the puzzle together. Victory was so very close, but it escaped through his fingers every single time.

His eyes followed the daggers as they flew up and down, up and down. His mind, though, went over what he had so far come up with for the next time Serafall visited with Phoenix Tears. 'Maybe I can try looking further into what the fire aspect does. It can't be a coincidence that there's a fire effect there when you use them, right? Even if it might be just because the Phenex have an affinity for fire for the most part, surely there's more to it. I could-'

"Can I try doing that too, dad?" a voice asked, interrupting his thoughts. Blinking, he turned to the side, the knives dancing in the air unperturbed. He'd gotten good enough to do that while blindfolded and distracted. That was nothing, really.

"Yeah, can she do that, Joshua?" a second voice asked afterwards and Joshua's back straightened and he stopped juggling the daggers. Gulping, he looked at the two people that had arrived while he was lost in thought.

"Ah… Yasaka, Kunou," he greeted weakly, his eyes fixed on the former's cool gaze. 'I might have made… a slight miscalculation,' he thought to himself, dread building up in him. Then he processed their questions and frowned. "No," he told the girl firmly. "Not until you are older."

"But I'm not a child!" Kunou protested, pouting in a way that ruined her "argument" more than anything he could tell her. Still, Joshua had to deal with that problem before it even became a thing. No way he'd have Kunou juggling knives.

"You are not," he agreed, clearly taking her off guard. "But you need more patience and awareness to do this safely, so I won't let you."

"Awareness?" Kunou asked, eyes narrowed. She was likely trying to see if he was "insulting" her by calling her a child indirectly. They loved to think they were ready for things they weren't. Or, more like, they didn't like to be told they couldn't do something. Or so he guessed the thought process went. He hadn't been a child in a while, he might not have the clearest of ideas on how their minds worked.

"Yes, you need to be aware that these aren't toys," he explained, showing her one of his daggers. "A single mistake and I could have a knife through my hand, or who knows what else." Immediately after saying that, he saw her start to understand the danger. "You get how dangerous this is just yet, and even if you do, you can get easily distracted by the "trick" so I don't feel like you are ready for it."

"... Fine," she mumbled, and Joshua thanked his lucky stars that Kunou was a smart kid. He knew any other might have fought more or thrown a tantrum or something. He didn't think he had it in him to deal with that kind of thing.

"Good, now, come here," he told her, signaling the seat next to him. "Did you finish your homework? Had any trouble, questions?"

"Hm, I did," she mumbled, somewhat subdued, which was strange. "I marked some parts I had some doubts about. I… Hm… Can I… skip this for a bit? Look at Project Duel?"

"Sure, is something… the matter?" Joshua started asking, but Kunou had already left. Nervous and afraid, he turned to Yasaka, an apology ready at the tip of his tongue. He didn't get a chance to voice it though.

"You don't have to apologize," she said, her eyes trailing her daughter as she sat down. "Can you set up a privacy ward?" Without a second's hesitation, he did so. "That was well handled," she praised, but the smile she gave him with those words didn't reach her eyes. "It seems she's been having a rather bad day, although there doesn't seem to be a reason for that."

"I can try to ask her. Not sure she'll tell me if she isn't telling you though," he offered hesitantly.

"I appreciate that, but I suspect it's just a bad day, one without reason," Yasaka told him. "She's been trying to be me for years now," she added then, a little out of nowhere. Used to such things by then, what with several, repeated interactions with Serafall, he blinked and rolled with that. "I believe she did that to have a better connection with a parent that was mostly absent," she explained, guilt clear in her voice.

He ignored that for a second, focusing on Kunou as he knew Yasaka wanted. She was telling him that for a reason, after all. Now, he just needed to think about it and find out what. It didn't take him long to do so.

"She wants to be me now," Joshua realized, turning to look at the girl too. "She asked me about what other things I did and could share with her. I didn't think much of it at the time…"

"And that's fine. You connected with her a lot in a short time. There are many things that you haven't come to know about her just yet," Yasaka said understandingly. He still felt like a failure though.

"So, I just made a bad day worse by denying her that," he mumbled, an ice cold hand gripping at his heart. "Maybe I could-"

"You are not teaching my daughter how to juggle knives, Joshua."

"I mean, Jeanne could make blunt, harmless kni-"

"No."

"Fine," he mumbled, much like Kunou had done before, a slight smile on his face that Yasaka soon shared. "I guess I'll see what I can do to curb that approach of hers. She has to be her own person and she'll have to learn how to."

"Thank you," Yasaka told him and he shook his head, going through the pages that Kunou had set on the table before going to look at their current shared project. Her homework was fine, it seemed, her doubts were good too.

"No need to thank me. I'm her dad, aren't I?" he asked, only half joking. Maybe it was weird, it felt weird to him, but it was how he felt. That girl was his daughter now. Making her happy and helping her grow the best she could be was important to him in a way he imagined his parents felt about him.

"You are," Yasaka answered and he could hear the smile on her face. If he could alleviate some of the stress of being a single mother from her, that was a nice plus too, he supposed.

He paused and narrowed his eyes.

Then he pulled down the wards around them.

"Kunou?" he called, looking at the girl as she turned around. "There's an exercise missing here," he said simply and she stiffened. "Anything to say?"

"I, uh, you see…" she mumbled, looking away from him and smiling nervously. Then she slumped a little and gave him her best kit fox eyes. "I got distracted with a project. Sorry, dad."

"Your daughter indeed," Yasaka said next to him, sounding very amused.

Joshua just groaned. Of all things Kunou could copy from him, why did it have to be that?

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Not a whole lot of progress plotwise, but I think at this point we've established that this isn't a terribly plot driven story. At least not yet. We'll see in the future. As it is, I still liked the chapter.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter too.

Random Question: What do you think Project Duel is?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 261 others
Adrian King
Jul 13, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 66 - I’m Not Wasting My Time New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#264
I'm Not Wasting My Time

Kunou fidgeted under his stare, looking all meek and ashamed. Joshua would admit, in the privacy of his mind, that he almost caved to that look. He knew, however, that he needed to be strong. It wouldn't do to let her get away with things. She needed to learn.

"What did I tell you?" he asked, and the girl flinched a little, looking away from him.

"I said I was sorry," she mumbled.

"What… did I tell you?" he repeated, his voice calm but no less firm. He didn't want to scare her, just make her listen.

"To be careful while drinking with work around," the girl repeated his words to the letter, her voice even lower than before. It was almost a whisper, but he was close enough to catch it.

"And why is that?" he continued with.

"Because I can knock it over and spill it on the sheets and ruin the work," Kunou said, her lips trembling and making her voice come out almost like a sob. It was heart wrenching, but Joshua needed to be strong, just for a little bit longer.

"So, what'll you do next time?"

"Be careful while drinking with work around," she repeated, looking down at her feet, pouting. Deflating, Joshua sighed, deciding that was enough sternness. It just wasn't for him, to act like that, he supposed. The action didn't reassure Kunou though, if anything, she flinched harder than before.

"Do you know why I'm angry?" he asked, his voice softer than before.

"Because I ruined all my homework and exercises?" Kunou answered hesitantly.

"It's not for that."

"Because I didn't listen to you?" she tried then and he sighed again.

"Kunou, you aren't a soldier only supposed to listen to orders," he told her with a grimace. "If I tell you something, or your mother does for that matter, it's because we have a reason for that. You have to try and understand those reasons. Ok?"

"Ok," she mumbled, although she at least looked slightly better than a second before.

"Why did I tell you that?" Joshua asked.

"Because I could knock it over and mess everything up," she paraphrased from before.

"Close enough. It doesn't matter all that much right now, but in the future, it could be important documents that get ruined… I'm angry, but not really at you, I guess," he told her, sighing again and moving to a seat. "I guess I'm angry at myself. Maybe if I'd explained things better or kept a better eye on you, that wouldn't have happened."

"But it was my fault!" Kunou protested then.

"And you are my responsibility, which makes me at least partly responsible," Joshua told her with a smile. "But it doesn't matter. It's just a little spilled tea and some ruined pages. That's fine. There was nothing truly important there, right?" When she shook her head slowly, he continued. "We'll just have to re-do that, but it's not the end of the world."

"I'm sorry," Kunou mumbled, taking the seat next to him. Smiling, he picked her up and sat her on his lap.

"I know you are," he reassured her. "And it's fine," he told her while pulling out a few things from his Storage Spell. A second later he set up a cleaning ward to deal with the mess on the table and on the floor. When that was done, he dispelled the ward and stored the things back up. "A servant would have had to clean that if I weren't here, you know? Would you have apologized for the mess?"

"Yes?" she said, probably trying to sound a lot more sure than she did.

"Make sure to remember that, ok?" he told her simply, lightly resting his chin on the top of her head.

"I'm sorry."

"Are you trying to make me feel bad?" he asked her, only half joking. She was really doing her best to squeeze his heart for all it was worth, it seemed. He was trying to be the responsible adult here, couldn't she go easy on him?

"Is it working?" the little rascal had the gall to ask.

"Do I have to call your mother?"

"No, I'll be good," she answered instantly, half panicked.

"Guess I have no future as a disciplinarian. Might need to leave that to Yasaka, it seems," Joshua mused out loud to himself. He'd admit to being partially amused by the way Kunou stiffened in his grasp.

"You did a pretty good job though," she tried. A for effort, in his opinion, but no dice.

"I guess I'm too soft," he continued, faking a slightly depressed tone.

"You were fine," Kunou told him, growing increasingly nervous. "I understand and I feel bad. I was just trying to be a bit funny so we wouldn't stay upset."

"I made you feel bad? I'm worse than I thought," he asked before lamenting.

"Joshuaa, stop being mean!" Kunou whined then, realizing that he'd only been teasing her. "Idiot."

"Is that any way to talk to your father?" he asked, raising an eyebrow even if she wasn't looking at him.

"Yes, because you are being an idiot."

"I guess that's fair," Joshua agreed with a chuckle. "... You alright?" he asked after a moment, because at times it looked like she was more affected than she should be during the whole ordeal.

"Yeah."

"Kunou, talk to me, please," Joshua pressed lightly. "And if you won't, at least tell me you'll talk to your mother."

"... I just… I don't want you to be mad at me," she mumbled after a moment of silence.

"Kunou, I could never be mad at you," he told her softly, rubbing her head with his chin. "A little angry, maybe, or even annoyed, but never mad. I know I made my parents want to tear their hair out more than a few times, but that's fine. It's what children do."

She hummed at that, but didn't really reply with words.

"I won't stop being your father just because you mess up a time or two, Kunou," he continued then. "So, don't worry about that. You are stuck with me now."

"You promise?"

"I promise."

[}-o-{]​

Joshua had delayed things long enough, he felt. It was time to stop stalling and actually get some things done. He had no excuses anymore. He had the materials and he had studied the subject well enough. There was no reason to continue pushing it for later other than his own reluctance to add more to his plate. 'Adding more defenses can't be anything but good though,' he thought to himself.

It was time to delve into Hex Magic for real.

First of all though, he'd be doing a test run away from any territory, his places included. Thus, he'd gone to one of the places he'd trapped against Khaos Brigade and got everything set up. The circle was placed and the focus material was already in place. He'd chosen to start with the essence of a magical plant that had the effect of hiding its presence from weak willed people.

It wasn't the best material he had, that was for sure, but it was a good enough focus for an Obscuring Hex, the equivalent of the Concealing Ward. Or, at least, for a test run of it, that is. He'd use much more powerful foci for the Hexes he'd place around his houses. Yasaka's first material delivery had been much better than he expected, but then again, maybe he'd underestimated her determination to not underpay or his own work. Maybe both? Who knew?

Joshua had decided to be by himself, a decision that hadn't gone well with either his sister nor his familiars. In the end, they settled on Cheshire accompanying him. He didn't think the spell would go wrong, but he was trying a new branch and one that was called Hex Magic. He thought he was justifiably nervous about the whole thing. Which he guessed made their protests against letting him go alone justifiable too.

"Maybe I should just get on with it, right?" he asked with a wry smile, getting a meow and a feeling through his bond that told him "You think?" from his feline familiar. He chuckled to himself. At least he could count on Cheshire to tell him things as they were. "Ok so… Here we go."

And thus, the circle lit up under the plant as the spell was cast. There was nothing really all that different from casting other spells, Joshua supposed. It had a different feeling from Ward Magic, but that was to be expected. All the different branches he'd used so far felt different from one another. Even if Hexes and Wards were considered to be pretty similar, they weren't the same, a fact that Joshua did his best to remind himself of often.

"Well, nothing exploded, which is good, right?" he asked, receiving a huff in response from Cheshire. Chuckling, he got a feel of the Hex with his wards and with Magic Sensing. Everything seemed to be in order, according to what he'd studied. Still, he remained there for a few minutes, keeping a close eye on how the Hex worked, looking for any fluctuation on the energy or shift on the effect. "Yeah, it works well."

Nodding, he dispelled the magic and stored everything back in his Storage Spell.

"Back to the house we go, girl," Joshua decided, taking a moment to look around the area. His mind wasn't on that though. Instead, his thoughts were occupied with ideas for Hexes and how to better have them work in tandem with his Wards. Both branches together could have potential. They could also work terribly together, but he chose to believe.

Time would tell.

Before he could get too distracted, Cheshire pushed against him with her head in her tiger form. He could feel how unimpressed she was that it'd taken him less than a few seconds to drift off. Chuckling nervously, he rubbed the back of his neck and stood up. The feline jumped at him, a sight that would surely scare most normal people. Joshua simply extended his arms forwards and caught his familiar as it shifted to cat form midair.

Nodding, he pulled out a card that held the teleportation circle back home. A flash of light and some seconds later saw him appearing in his living room. Jeanne, upon seeing him, immediately sighed in relief. Nagini, for her part, extended her tail to poke at him, physically making sure he was fine while doing so through the bond too. As for Morag, the spider jumped on his back on a sort-of piggyback ride. Margalo simply hopped on the table to get closer while twisting her head this way or the other to get a better look at them.

"Hex Magic might have a nasty name, but it was fine. No problems whatsoever," he reassured them all.

"Good to know," Jeanne told him with a relieved smile. "So, you'll be tinkering with that for the foreseeable future, I'm guessing."

"And you guess right," Joshua agreed with a grin. "I need to get some tests done to see how to better have wards and hexes work together," he explained, mentally adding that he needed to level up the magic and the spells. "After that, I'll set up the defenses again, hopefully better than they already are."

"... You'll keep him somewhat focused, won't you?" Jeanne asked his familiars, to which he pouted immaturely. He wasn't that bad! The way all of them agreed instantly was even more insulting.

"You all suck," he grumbled. "I'm not that bad."

The silence that followed spoke more than any words the unlikely group could utter. Joshua glared indignantly at all of them. How dare they? After all he'd done for them!

"Betrayed by my own family," he lamented, looking up at the ceiling. "the nerve of some people."

Cheshire approached him then, back in her tiger form, palming his leg comfortingly.

It wasn't very comforting though.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua felt… oddly calm as he walked through the House of Water building that he'd teach at. He had a semblance of a plan, but he'd see how things went with his students first. He didn't have a a very… thorough plan, after all. Since he didn't have a very clear idea of how good a foundation his students would have and they likely would have varying levels of their own, it was better not to plan too much. Or so he assumed, at least.

With that in mind, he'd come up with a few vague ideas of what to do. Depending on how it went, he'd proceed accordingly. It also meant that if something unexpected happened, he wouldn't be too caught off guard, hopefully. Plans rarely went perfectly well, after all.

"Thanks for helping me get here," Joshua told his guide, who was the same guy from before. Regrettably, he still didn't remember his name. Fortunately for Joshua, the issue hadn't come up. He could bet that would be terribly embarrassing if it ever did.

"Don't mention it, Mr.- Er, Joshua," the guy replied, twitching at his mistake. Joshua could already tell that if this guy was having trouble with that, his students would be worse. He hoped it wouldn't be the case, but he didn't think that ideal situation would happen.

"Be honest with me," he started, looking wryly at the door. "How difficult would it be to get them to call me by my name?" The nervous expression on his face said it all, which made him sigh. "Don't worry about it. Friendly advice? If House of Water wants to deal with me, they should get someone that can address me as just Joshua. It's what I prefer."

"I'll, uh, pass the message," the guide said, gulping.

"Nothing against you, man. You've been great, but… yeah," Joshua reassured, because besides that small detail, he'd actually been rather helpful. It was a shame that being called by his surname upset him so. 'How am I going to get through a class of people calling me Davis?' he wondered to himself, feeling dread start to build up in him.

It was a good thing that he'd brought Cheshire with him once more. She'd be nice support, as the reassuring feeling he got through the bond demonstrated. With some luck, he wouldn't let it get to him and if he did, his familiar would be there to prevent anything drastic from happening.

"Well, I guess I better not keep them waiting," Joshua said, his previous calmness leaving him as new concerns appeared right then and there, at the worst possible time and place. It was what it was though, and he was sort of used to dealing with unexpected shit being thrown his way. "Let's get this show on the road," he mumbled to himself as he opened the door and stepped inside the classroom.

He didn't say anything immediately afterwards, letting his eyes take in the class instead while he walked towards the desk. Once there, he stood in front of it instead of sitting behind, leaning against the thing but remaining mostly standing. The room was filled entirely, it seemed, some people even seemed to have squeezed into the desks. Where it seemed like they were designed to have two students behind, there were more often than not three of them.

Nobody said a single word as he took the scene in.

"Did people have to miss this because of a lack of space?" Joshua asked no one in particular. Not an ideal way to start a class, he knew. He should have introduced himself, he guessed, despite the fact that they probably already knew who he was. Maybe just get to the point and start teaching. However, his curiosity got the better of him and he'd never been accused of being a socially capable person to begin with.

When nobody answered, he sighed.

"You, can you answer?" he asked, pointing at a student at random. The poor guy almost jumped where he sat. His back straightened and a pleased expression. Why he reacted that way to such a simple question, Joshua couldn't begin to guess.

"Ah, Professor Davis, I'm Alabaster-"

"You, can you answer?" Joshua interrupted, pointing at another student. The girl, in contrast to the other guy, Alabaster, seemed to shrink in her seat. Regardless, she did speak, fortunately. He did note to himself that they seemed to already know his name, although that wasn't too surprising. It'd save him the introduction, he guessed.

"Ah, yes, sir," she answered shyly. "The staff didn't want us to be too cramped in here, so they had to tell other students that there wasn't enough space and that they wouldn't be able to attend."

"Thank you," he said, nodding towards her and considering that. It was… a little sad that some people wouldn't be able to attend. Maybe he could organize something for the others? He hadn't been exactly eager to teach here, but if he was going to do it, he wanted to do it right. Besides, he still didn't know exactly what Shed's deal was with the whole thing, so he wanted to do as well as possible.

Yeah, he'd probably do that. Although, to be fair, maybe he needed to actually teach a bit before deciding that. If he really didn't like the whole thing, it'd be better not to get saddled with more hours of it. He didn't think he could force himself to do something he hated even for Shed.

"First of all," he said, and he could tell the way everyone's attention instantly focused on him. "Don't bother telling me your names unless I ask. I'm unlikely to remember anyway. I'm terrible with that. Sorry if that offends anyone."

The first student he'd questioned – 'Alastor?' – was definitely offended, but that was more his problem than Joshua's. He already had trouble remembering names on a good day, nevermind when it came to a classroom full of new people. If he remembered one name out of the lot by the time the course ended it would be a surprise.

"With that out of the way, I want to ask something really quick. This course is about modifying spells, primarily," Joshua started then and he saw some people already taking notes. What about, he had no idea, since he hadn't even started yet. Maybe they were writing a title or something? "I want to know though, has anyone here tried to modify a spell before?"

Nobody answered that, some even looked at him like he was crazy.

'This might be more complicated than I thought,' Joshua mused, resisting the urge to purse his lips.

"Has anyone theorized about how to go about doing that?" He asked then. Surely some of them had wondered, right? But nobody spoke and he frowned. Why were they in a class about modifying spells if they had never even remotely considered the idea?

Then he remembered classes of his own, when teachers would ask questions and nobody would answer. Joshua himself had remained silent more than once even when he had answers to give. Maybe something similar was going on here? 'Supernatural or mundane, maybe classes are always the same.'

So, he decided to do something drastic. Cheshire's amusement through the bond told him that he had support for his idea. It might not be a smart one, but it was what he had. He refused to just give a lecture while everyone remained silent, unengaged. If he was going to put the effort into teaching them, the least they could do was put the effort in learning. They were the ones that decided to join, after all, and it wasn't like he was doing it for the pay.

Thus, Joshua remained where he was, lazily leaning against the desk. He silently looked around the classroom. Social settings might make him uncomfortable, but remaining silent and letting things grow awkward? That he was good at. He'd made an art of the shit and his students would learn that, if nothing else.

"... Ah, Professor Davis?" a boy off to the side called, and Joshua turned towards him. "Aren't you… going to start the class?" he asked, and Joshua could see the guy that shared a desk with him silently urging the guy to say his question. He was altogether unimpressed with both of them.

"I mean, why should I teach spell modification to a group of people that aren't interested?" Joshua asked, tilting his head and giving the guy an expression as if he were particularly dumb. Maybe it wasn't the teacherly thing to do, to mock his students, but cut him some slack, he'd never even considered teaching before House of Water had asked him to do so.

"But we are interested, sir," the girl that had answered his question before did so once more. She still looked like she might be afraid even of her own shadow, but he'd give her credit for speaking anyway. That was more than could be said for everyone else.

Hell, there were people that looked twice Joshua's age in there, and it was the girl that looked around Jeanne's age the one that spoke? What was wrong with these people? He so wanted to groan and complain, but he settled for doing so in the privacy of his mind.

"Well, you seem to have never even considered modifying a spell," Joshua pointed out, feigning confusion. "You obviously aren't that interested."

There was another moment of silence, but it was quickly… Well, sort of broken when someone brought their hands up. A girl with reddish-brown hair and a grin on her face waved her arm to the sides as she called for his attention. It was a contrast to the solemn silence and nervous gazes the rest of the class had fallen into once more.

"Yes?"

"I have thought about modifying spells before," the girl replied and left it at that. Joshua blinked, thought about it for a second and then chuckled. Well, she'd answered his question, at least.

"And what did you think about doing?" he asked then, nodding for the girl to explain further.

"Well, I use mainly Protection Magic," she told him then, letting her hand fall and moving on her seat with a restlessness that reminded Joshua of Serafall. "So, I've thought about how I'd like to be able to tune some spells to affect somethings more directly or to tweak them to have a slightly different effect. That sort of thing."

He wasn't very familiar with the branch, but Joshua was fairly sure that Protection Magic was all about basically placing a protection on someone against something. Sort of like Shield Magic, but in the form of a buff more than a barrier. That was what he recalled reading somewhere, at least, when he'd been researching for his own defensive wards.

"And did you try to do it?" he continued questioning.

"I did some theorizing and tried to draw the changed circle, but I never tried. I wasn't very confident that it wouldn't explode on me or whatever or whoever I cast it on," the girl answered, her confident, even childish attitude vanishing for a moment. Instead, it was replaced with a slightly shy, nervous look.

"I admit that I'm not familiar with Protection Magic, but do you mind telling me how you tried doing it?" Joshua asked. If she was going to be the only one to engage him in the class, then he'd treat the whole thing like he did when he taught Kunou one on one. If anyone else wanted to participate, they were free to do so. So far nobody looked interested in doing so though.

"I… Well, when I tried to have them affect a narrower spectrum, I just… Well, I changed the equation for the filter so that it only took in what I wanted to focus on," the girl told him, shrugging.

"That was all you did, I take it?" Joshua asked, trying not to sound judgemental or mocking.

"Yes?"

"Well then, it's a good thing you didn't try to cast it. It'd likely not have gone well," he told her, drawing a chuckle from someone. Instantly, Joshua turned his head to look at who it was. A man that looked older than Joshua himself. "Just to be clear, if you aren't brave enough to speak up when I ask a question, then you should keep your mouth shut entirely." That made the man lean back on his seat and pale slightly. "Anyway, can anyone guess why what she did wasn't the right approach? If you are sure, that's fine, but a guess is alright."

Joshua was pleased to see that someone other than the girl raised their hands at that. 'Maybe this teaching thing won't be all that bad,' he mused with a smile.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

And so starts the journey of the Great Teacher Davis.

A few things happened in this chapter, first we have our necessary dose of Joshua and Kunou, because we can't have a chapter without them, right? Then there's Hex Magic finally joining the fray, as it were. I know there's some people that have been waiting for that. I'll probably go deeper into that later on. And finally, Joshua starts teaching at House of Water.

Wonder what you guys think about all those things.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you do some kind of exercise regularly? I've been doing absolutely nothing for a while already. I almost managed to get into the habit of jogging but… Yeah, that didn't work out in the end.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 264 others
Adrian King
Jul 13, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 67 - A Little Time to Ourselves New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#266
A Little Time to Ourselves

"They don't sound that smart," Kunou said, sounding amused as she continued working through a paper he'd given her with exercises. She'd drilled him about how his first class had gone and she had no mercy for his students, it seemed.

"I think it's more that I'm an… unorthodox teacher. Or maybe an outright bad one," Joshua commented, tinkering with his own stuff. He'd been tweaking Hex spells more and more now that he was actually casting the things. He also wanted to add them to his research attempts for the Phoenix Ward. Hell, maybe he'd end up making a Phoenix Hex.

Who knew? Because he certainly didn't.

"You are a great teacher though," Kunou protested, looking up and frowning at him. He smiled softly at her and chuckled. "You are! Look at all you taught me and it hasn't even been that long!"

"Yes, but it might just be that my strange method worked well for you," Joshua commented, twirling the pencil he held between his fingers. "I'm not too worried. It's not like I'm super into teaching or anything. I enjoy teaching you, and I sort of liked the first class at House of Water, but my life won't end if I'm not an apt teacher."

"Still, I think you are good," Kunou mumbled, pouting and resolutely looking down at her work.

"And I appreciate it," Joshua told her, grinning and placing a hand on her head. Ruffling her hair, he idly glanced at what she was doing. From what he could see, it looked good enough. Some things could be improved, but that was what his teaching was for. There'd always be room for improvement. "You are really liking Project Duel, huh?"

"Yeah!" she exclaimed, looking up and forgetting all about his teaching and his classes. She grinned excitedly at him before continuing. "There's so many different things we can do here. Plants, animals, golems, undead, insects, monsters and so many more things. Everything could work here and it's awesome!"

"Well, glad to see you so enthusiastic. What are you working on right now?" Joshua asked and she suddenly grew shy. Taking a deeper look into the circles she was working on, he grinned. "Kitsune people, huh? What a shock."

"Shut up, dad," she mumbled, looking away from him and fidgeting with her fingers. "Don't you have stuff to work on too?" she asked, clearly trying to distract him. Still, he allowed it, turning away while he chuckled.

"I guess that's true," he agreed, drawing a relieved sigh from her. "Ah, Fuyuko," he greeted the yuuki-onna as she entered the room. "Right on time, could you… get me a cup of tea?" he said weakly, deflating a little when he saw that the servant already had the drink in her hands. She was getting better and better at predicting him, it seemed.

Not that he was complaining, but still.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua remained silent for a long moment, looking around with a raised eyebrow. There were some "hidden" giggles that weren't all that stealthy at all, not that the girls were even trying very hard to begin with. Then he looked at his sister, who was determinedly not looking at him.

"I thought you said you wouldn't join the kendo club," he commented, making her chuckle nervously as she rubbed her arm with one hand. "And now you bring the whole team over here?"

"Well, you see… they were very convincing?" she replied, although it sounded more like a question than a statement. Regardless, Joshua just sighed. Considering the handful the next few minutes were going to be, he brought his hands up and tied his hair back.

"Well, I guess I can give you all a discount. Officially, because you are a whole lot. Unofficially, just keep Jeanne from getting herself in trouble, yeah?" Joshua told the rest of the club, drawing even more giggles as he sighed again. Then he pulled out a notepad from his pocket. He'd gotten good at waiting tables but he wasn't about to take all their orders and try to memorize them. He didn't hate himself quite that much. Ignoring his sister's protests, he continued. "So, what will it be, girls?"

And so he started taking note of what everyone wanted. He also supposed he would have to get used to it. If Jeanne was going to go about the kendo club like she did her devil friends, then they would come around a whole lot. At least she wouldn't try to get him to put up illusion shows for them or invite them for dinner. The first for obvious reasons and the second because… Well, they didn't really live in Kuoh, after all.

It was a very tired Joshua that sat down at an empty table some time later. He'd personally made all the orders for Jeanne's table, leaving everything else to the staff that Sona had procured. Those were good people, from what he'd seen. They didn't seem to care at all about his strange behavior as a boss too, which was a plus. Although, as normal humans aware of the supernatural and that dealt with devils, he supposed it shouldn't be all that surprising.

If his intelligence gathering regarding where they came from – read, asking them – wasn't wrong, then they had all been directed at him by their own devil deals. Apparently, most of them had asked for a job, because their situations had been bad. As such, Sona and Rias had gathered them and thrown them at him after some screening to make sure they were at least somewhat competent. That worked well for Joshua, since it meant they were all eager to work and grateful for it. He was also sure that the generous pay he gave them had something to do with that too. Sometimes he'd have to make time to teach them something, but that was happening less and less as time went by and he was happy with their work so far.

'Wonder if there are more people in need of a job. I could do something about that, I guess. Money stopped being a problem a long time ago,' he mused, although it was mostly an idle thought. Something to think about later though, he supposed.

Joshua was snapped from his thoughts then as someone took a seat in front of him on the empty chair. It took him a single glance to know who the new arrival was and his already weary mood plummeted even further, this time towards annoyance. Some of that must have leaked to his face, because the guy promptly stiffed on his seat and gulped.

"Ah, good afternoon, Davis-san," the boy greeted him, already sweating bullets under his glare.

"First of all, call me Joshua, it ruins my mood to be called by my surname. You don't want to do that more than you already do," he replied, maybe harsher than he needed to. Being tired wasn't helping his mood. Taking a deep breath in, he did his best to calm himself a little. "Second of all… What do you want?"

"Well, ah, Joshua-san, you see, I was thinking," he stuttered out and Joshua just waited as he stumbled on his own words. "Could I work here?"

Joshua took another deep breath in.

"Why would I hire you, Plain-kun?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at the boy.

"Ah, my name is Hyoudou Issei," the protagonist of the world Joshua now lived in mumbled weakly. He remained silent, unimpressed. "I… Well, I just wanted to have some extra money and I thought working here would be nice," he said, and Joshua would give him credit, it almost sounded- "And there are a lot of beautiful girls that come here often, so I'd like to work here because of that too."

There it was…

"You realize that doesn't really help your case here, right?" he asked. Although, he'd admit that at least the guy was honest. That was one of the reasons he guessed the whole harem thing had worked for him. He was a fool, but a kind one. And he was a pervert, but an honest one. 'I guess this place has a fucked up logic too, but let's leave that topic aside for now,' Joshua thought to himself.

"I promise I'll be on my best behavior, Joshua-san!" Hyoudou exclaimed, bowing and resting his head on the table. "I promise I won't disturb the people in the cafe if you let me work here. I'll do my best too. I'll be the best employee you'll have."

"And I believe you," Joshua told him. It was even the truth, mostly because he knew about the guy's character. As he'd said before, if there was one thing that Hyoudou Issei was, it was honest. Still… There had to be something going on. His canon self hadn't gotten a job. And even if he seemed to be in some kind of alternative universe of DxD, that was still a little suspicious. "And those are all your reasons for wanting to work here?" he asked, narrowing his eyes at the guy.

For a long moment, Hyoudou sweated nervously, fidgeting with his hands over the table. Eventually, he mumbled something that Joshua couldn't even understand. When he raised an eyebrow at him, Issei then took a deep breath in and spoke again, more clearly.

"Girls like you, a lot," he grumbled, like he was personally offended by this fact or something. "And a lot of them come here. I want to see if I can make them like me too."

Taking yet another deep breath in, Joshua tried to think of a way to deal with this new… issue.

"It's not that they like me," he denied, rolling his eyes at Hyoudou's incredulous look. "They are just comfortable here, because I'm not making them uncomfortable by constantly looking at them like they are just good looking bodies without a soul or something," he explained. "You know that's why they don't like you and your friends, right? You don't care about them as people, you just like their bodies."

"Excuse me?! That's not it at all!" He protested, actually looking rather insulted and hurt by his words. "Sure, we appreciate that they are sexy, but that's not all. We know they are also beautiful on the inside, the hell are you saying, man?!"

"You do know that your behavior doesn't really support your claims, right?" Joshua asked and he was witness to Hyoudou opening his mouth to protest again and then closing it. Silently, the guy frowned and Joshua could almost see the gears turning inside his head. He seemed to grow more and more annoyed by the second.

"That's what everyone thinks?" Issei asked then, his eyes darting towards the kendo club, who were doing their best to ignore his presence. "That's really what everyone thinks," he muttered as if just realizing.

"I mean, if all you do is shout about their boobs and what not, what are they supposed to think?" Joshua asked him, making him slump on his seat. "Well, now you know and you can try and fix the problem. Good luck," he told him, waving him off and resting his head tiredly on his hand. Absently, he took his cup of tea and brought it to his lips. When he went to set it down though, he realized that Hyoudou hadn't left. "What are you waiting for?"

"About that job?" the guy asked nervously.

"..." Joshua stared at him for a long moment before sighing. "Girls! How have the trio behaved as of late?!"

"They've stopped trying to spy on us, at least!" someone shouted back. And Joshua was fairly sure he caught the guy mumbling something that sounded like "not a sexual harrasser", which… good for him, he supposed. It shouldn't have taken Joshua pointing that out for them to get that, but he'd take what he could.

"They are still creepy though!" someone else added.

"Here's what's going to happen," Joshua started then, staring down at Hyoudou, who straightened his back once more. "You are going to do your absolute best to stop making girls uncomfortable. I'll have Jeanne tell you if you do something wrong and you'll make sure to try and not do it again. If you fail too much, you are fired."

Hyoudou nodded quickly.

"You'll make sure your friends act like normal, well adjusted people too. If you can't, then you'll stop hanging out with them. Otherwise you are fired," Joshua continued, and he glared harder when Hyoudou opened his mouth to protest. "I won't have you enabling their behavior. Just being friends with them if they keep like that is a point against you."

Reluctantly, Hyoudou nodded again.

"And you will do your best as a worker here," Joshua added, narrowing his eyes. "I don't expect you to be great at it, but I expect you to try. If you slack off or don't take it seriously, you are fired. Was I clear?"

Hyoudou couldn't nod fast enough.

"Good, talk with her," Joshua said, pointing at a member of his staff. "She organizes the staff. Now, go away, I'm tired."

"Yes, thank you," the boy exclaimed, sounding like he meant it. "I won't let you down, Joshua-sensei."

Joshua blinked then, before bringing a hand up and massaging the bridge of his nose. 'What did I just get myself into?' he thought. Maybe he was too nice for his own good. The amusement he got from his familiars and Shed's Charm was entirely too mean, honestly.

[}-o-{]​

"You know you don't have to buy so much from here, right?" Phil asked, somewhat nervously. From where Joshua stood, he just rolled his eyes at the man. His uncle had been walking on eggshells ever since he met him after… Well, after everything. It was already getting kind of old.

"Phil, relax," he reassured with a wave of his hand. "I actually want to buy all this stuff. I need it for a project I'm working on," he explained, signaling his purchase. Not that he could blame the man overly much for being a little skeptical. After all, his purchase involved a whole lot of cards from games. To make things even worse, Joshua was buying from a bunch of different games, not just the one. "You could say I'm working on making a game of my own, that's why I need them. I want to check them and see if they give me ideas."

"I guess that makes sense?..." Phil replied, not sounding very certain of that. "What do you do again?"

"I mostly work on developing software," Joshua lied smoothly. Still, while he didn't know the first thing about that, he liked to think it couldn't be that different from spell crafting.

"You making your own game? You were always very into that stuff," his uncle commented and he smiled. He had been a bit too into videogames, he supposed. "Work going well, I suppose?"

"Really well, don't worry. I can afford all this with no worries," Joshua reassured again, making the man smile nervously. It wasn't that unwarranted. He was spending a whole lot on the cards. "How about you?"

"Well, I'll definitely be doing better after this sale, so thank you for that," Phil commented, his grin turning wry. "But things have been a little troublesome as of late. The twins are at an age where they need more money, which doesn't help, but… Well, it is what it is."

"Hm, I'm sure things will go better in the future, Phil. You are a good man, and good things happen to people like you," Joshua told him, giving the man a soft smile. He would make sure his uncle did well. Out of all his family, the guy was the one that probably deserved some luck thrown his way the most. What did it say about them all, when he wasn't even blood related to Joshua and he was the best of the lot? The remaining ones, at least.

Regardless, it seemed that Joshua would have to talk with some of his devil contacts. Sona was probably the way to go, since he wanted things to be done more subtly. He'd still check with Rias and Sairaorg, no need to unknowingly insult them or something.

"What are the twins into anyway? Maybe I can get them a present. I was kinda on my own world during Christmas," Joshua added, looking around the shop. Not that he'd get them something from there. If they really wanted something from there, he doubted Phil wouldn't have given it to them already.

"Boys," the man said with a smile that spoke much more than that single word did.

"Oh, you poor, poor bastard," Joshua replied with a chuckle. "Well, I'm gonna take a wild guess and go for clothes then. A whole lot of them. I'll have to get a second opinion, but I know just who to ask."

"Oh, finally got a girlfriend?" Phil asked, leaning forward, resting his elbows on the counter. "Do tell."

"Nothing like that," he denied almost instantly with a wry smile. "As if I'd be that lucky," he added with a roll of his eyes. "I kinda… adopted a sister, if you will. She'll help me with that. She's a little older than the twins, but she should be good enough to help me out here. If not, her friends surely will."

"Huh… Your life sure changed in this last year, Josh," his uncle commented, seemingly taken aback. "If I didn't know better, I'd say you are a different person altogether."

'You are more right than you know, Phil,' Joshua thought to himself.

"Some things can change a person," he said instead, drawing a sympathetic look from his uncle.

"Well, you are clearly doing well, but if you need anything, don't hesitate to ask, yeah?" Phil told him, patting his arm reassuringly. Maybe the man didn't think it was all that important, but it sure was for Joshua. Despite everything, all the friends he now had and how well things had been going, it felt more meaningful to know that a family member had his back, even if Phil wouldn't be able to do anything regarding any supernatural problems.

"Thanks, Phil. Same goes for you, if you need anything, just call," Joshua told him with a grin.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua relished the feeling of the cool water against his face. It was a little too cool, but that was no problem for him, really. It wasn't like he'd stay wet or something. It was the middle of the winter and Cold Resistance was still too low level. With a weary sigh, tired from all the training, he ran his wet fingers through his hair before pulling it back and tying it.

Taking a towel, he dried himself a little. Once done, he took a deep breath in, as if he were trying to pull energy from the very air. Nothing of the sort happened, but the cool winter air in his lungs was nice enough. 'I haven't fallen ill so far, so I guess that confirms that Vitality works against diseases and such. It'd be weird for me not to catch something with what I'm doing,' he mused idly as he threw the towel over his shoulders and moved to look outside. His familiars were still training, after all, and Jeanne was now meditating and preparing to work on her Sacred Gear a bit more.

For his part, Joshua would likely rest for a bit and go back to spell crafting and modification. Maybe he'd spend some time going over ideas for his classes, if he needed a break. As it was, he'd be taking a true break for a bit and watch everyone else work on their stuff. Besides…

"Hope you are not too bored?" he asked, sitting down on the little platform that faced towards the backyard. Next to him, swinging her feet back and forth was Serafall Leviathan herself. "Sorry for making you wait."

"It's fine~" the Satan waved off cheerfully, watching with interest as his familiars worked on their skills. "They are so cool~" she added. Although, to be honest, he wondered how sincere that was. His familiars were awesome, at least to him, but to a faction leader? They probably weren't all that impressive.

"They are," he agreed, regardless of his thoughts on the matter.

"And you aren't bad either, I gotta say, Joshua," Serafall commented, turning her attention towards him.

"Well, yeah, I've gotten better with my daggers. So has Jeanne with her swords. We kinda push each other to get better," he said with a shrug and a somewhat shy smile. He wasn't good with direct compliments like that. He knew he was good with magic, somewhat, but he still felt uncomfortable with that being pointed out blatantly, nevermind anything else. Strangely, the only thing he could take compliments for was his cooking.

"Sure, that's what I was talking about~" Serafall told him with a grin, in that way that screamed she hadn't actually been talking about that. Which confused Joshua to no end. What else could she be referring to then? His mind found no answer as he blinked repeatedly.

"Anyway, I take it you had some free time? Or are you using me as an excuse to make people wait again?" he asked, deciding to change the subject else he got even more confused. He was too tired to try to make sense of Serafall overly much.

"A bit of both," she replied cheerfully, turning back towards the backyard. "I like coming here, you know? It's nice, it's calm, and nobody cares who I am… much."

"I mean, I think I've gotten over the fear of being smitten at any comment by this point," Joshua said, only half-joking. "You are entirely too friendly to latch onto that, really. So, I just do what I do best and roll with it. Seems to have worked out great for me so far."

"That's one way of looking at it," she told him, giggling behind her hand. "You know one of the best things about being Levia-tan?" she asked then, her grinning expression turning softer. "It's that the children don't look at me like I'm the big bad Satan that controls their lives. They only see a magical girl, a hero that'll protect them from evil. Even if they know it's mostly a show, they still look at me like a star instead of a faction leader."

"Sounds nice," Joshua commented, wondering to himself if that felt anything like how some of Kunou's looks made him feel.

"Does that mean you'll join the show?!" Serafall asked all of a sudden, her eyes almost literally turning to stars. She had kinda jumped on that a little too quickly, but Joshua couldn't bring himself to care. "Because we could have so much fun together, you could be-"

"At risk of being pestered to no end," he interrupted with a grin. "I could be convinced about it."

"That's amazing!" she exclaimed, completely uncaring about him cutting into her speech. "You could be a villain with all your familiars and such! It'd be great, each of them could get an arc, or a huge, badass fight! Maybe you could get a whole redemption arc and then you'd be part of Levia-tan's adventures. Or maybe you'd turn into an ally and help out in moments of need!"

"Sounds like fun," he commented and it really did. He didn't know how good he'd be as an actor, even one for a supernatural show. Hell, he didn't even know how different that was from a mundane show. However, it was fun to think about, if nothing else.

"It sure is, you'll see. We'll have lots of fun. I'm sure you can come up with great ideas for the show too," Serafall continued. Her excitement wasn't going anywhere, it seemed, but that was fine. It was nice to have someone so… freely enthusiastic around. It always brought the mood up, which made him think that might be part of the reason why she was like that.

"You are talking like I've already agreed to join," he pointed out with a smile.

"You have. It's just that you haven't realized it yet," she told him and he almost agreed with her on that. Time would tell, he guessed.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

This was a fun chapter to write, honestly. The Issei thing came out of nowhere even for me, but I liked how it turned out. I'm curious about how that will develop with time, but, as Joshua said, time will tell.

On that note, canon? What canon?

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: I'm curious, what fandom would you like to see having a fic written by me? (On that note, if you wanna have a hand on that kind of decision, just go to my Discord, there's channels for that kind of stuff.)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 266 others
Adrian King
Jul 13, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 68 - Holding the Light for the Ones That We Guide New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#269
Holding the Light for the Ones That We Guide

"Ok, so what is it you wanted, Kunou?" Yasaka asked while she and Joshua sat next to each other. In front of them was her daughter – their daughter, really, but it was still awkward to call her that, especially with Yasaka present – looking nervous but determined as she organized some paper sheets in front of her that seemed to contain many notes. They were in for… something, it seemed. Joshua wasn't sure he remembered ever seeing Kunou look so much like a girl on a mission.

Preparing himself for it, he took a sip from his tea cup, foreseen that he'd need it. Whatever it was that their daughter wanted, she thought they'd disapprove. And while that wasn't a sure proof of anything, it was telling in itself.

"I want to call Joshua dad in public," the girl said, making him choke on his drink. Yeah, this was going to be a troublesome conversation, it seemed. The woman next to him didn't react much better, with her eyes widening and blinking repeatedly as if to process that sentence better.

"Kunou, I know you do," Yasaka started after a moment and everyone knew where she was going with just that. "But don't you think it's enough as is. I don't have a problem with it, but it would make things troublesome for everyone, not just me, but also you and Joshua."

Reasonable point that, and it was something that they did indeed know and had already discussed back when the whole thing started. Joshua didn't say anything though, instead just looked at Kunou and then at the papers in front of her. Especially considering that the girl seemed undeterred by the argument. Likely because she'd seen it coming but also probably because she had something in mind to counter it.

"So, what did you think of to avoid that?" Joshua guessed, drawing a wide eyed look from Kunou. He just gave her a half-grin and urged her forward with a tilt of his head. Beaming, the girl did just that.

"I thought I could apply an Illusion Spell on myself to look different – maybe on Joshua too? – and be able to go outside and be together as father and daughter without worrying," Kunou explained, pushing a few pieces of paper towards them, spreading them on the table. They basically detailed the kind of illusion they could apply and how it would look, in either of their cases. From there, they went on to describe where they could go with that.

After all, Illusions were fragile things, they could break from the slightest of prodding with other magic or any other supernatural interaction. Thus, Kunou had noted everywhere they could go in the mundane world and spend some father-daughter time. It looked well enough and Joshua was certainly all for it.

What was a little worrying was the fact that she'd added an illusion for Yasaka too.

"Kunou, you know I can't leave Kyoto," Yasaka said then, likely having seen that part too.

"You can though!" the girl protested. "It'd be just for a few hours at most. Surely you can-"

"Kunou," the youkai leader interrupted, looking like it pained her to say what she was about to. "I'm sorry. I truly am. But being away from here weakens me, and as a faction leader, I can't afford that."

"The ley lines and such, right…" Joshua mused. He'd started to get a feel of those with Magic Sense, but not overly much. That was new, but he was very interested in those. Natural magic formations, flowing like rivers all around the world. The "lakes" that formed in places where ley lines crossed were highly sought after by basically everyone in the supernatural world. Nobody could say that they were indifferent to the power that kind of place could offer, regardless of race.

Kyoto held one such gathering, more specifically centered right where Yasaka's place was. The youkai leader apparently had connected herself to that well of power to increase her capabilities. It wasn't something that was done often and he was fairly sure that she was a unique case regardless. After all, the whole thing was said to have been set up by the Shinto Gods themselves.

"Kyoto has mundane places, right?" Joshua asked, tilting his head curiously. He was fairly sure that was the case. "Still, I guess it'd have more chances of something still managing to find us and breaking the illusions. We can kind of explain me and Kunou as just me taking her out and adding some protections, but with Yasaka? It'd be more complicated."

"Dad~!" Kunou whined pitifully. "You were doing so well, why did you have to ruin it!"

"I'm just… pointing out facts?" he said, somewhat caught off guard by that reaction. He was even somewhat supporting her idea and she got angry with him? How did that even work? He got that Kunou wanted both of her parents together to spend some time as a family, but that didn't mean they could ignore important details.

Next to him, Yasaka giggled behind her hand.

"I guess I can be convinced to allow this, but you can't do it too often, is that clear?" the youkai leader said, looking at the two of them. Since when did he become a suspect of mischief too? "And you can't go out of Japan. I'd be more at ease if you stayed close to supernatural parts, even if you have to be out of them. And I want to know where you'll be and when."

"That all sounds fair," Joshua agreed with a hum. "So, I guess we are going out sometime soon?" he asked, only to blink at the slightly dejected look on Kunou's face. "What? I thought you wanted to do this."

"I do, I do," Kunou quickly told them, shaking her hands and head for emphasis. "I just… put a lot of effort into these arguments," she added weakly, looking at the papers before she deflated and pouted. Joshua got the idea that she'd left something else out but he couldn't quite place what.

Still, as Kunou went on to babble about where she wanted to go and such, he guessed all was well anyway.

[}-o-{]​

"That feels… wrong," Jeanne said, frowning and breathing harshly under the pressure of his Hexes. He'd added the Exposing Hex and the Daunting Hex to his repertoire together with the Obscuring one. The first was a sort-of mix between the Detection and Monitoring wards while the latter was an equivalent to the Deterring ward. If he had to guess, the latter wasn't exactly what Jeanne was expecting.

"Wrong how?" Joshua asked, eyes narrowed. He'd tested the Hex on himself and it hadn't felt very different from the ward counterpart. There was the same sense of dread, that it was dangerous to go there but that'd been about it.

"It's just… I feel like something is looking at me. Like there's something strong, stronger than me, watching my every move, daring me to come closer," his sister replied, her voice coming off nervous, afraid. It was strange to hear her like that. "Like I'm stepping into the lion's den."

An idea popped in Joshua's mind. Was that because of the Exposing Hex? He'd tested them separately and together and he'd felt nothing of the sort. Neither had his familiars. However, the books he'd read did say that hexes interacted differently with the caster than with other people, even if they still targeted them. Did that extend to his familiars? If so then…

He had more experimentation to do, it seemed.

"I think that's enough," Joshua decided, dispelling the hexes and letting Jeanne deflate where she stood. "Interesting… very interesting," he mumbled, wondering how far that went. He hadn't made any mistakes on the circles, but just in case he'd check them. If they were indeed fine, then it meant that he had something else to research on top of the hexes in general.

No book he'd read on the subject said anything about such an interactive system for hexes though and that was strange. Was it because of modifications he'd made? Was it something else? A coincidence? Luck? The nearby ley lines in Kyoto?

'Wonder if the foci matter regarding this,' Joshua thought to himself, looking towards where the circles were. He'd used animal parts this time. Maybe those could affect how the spells interacted with each other if that was a thing? What would happen if he made an array with plants instead? Or with tools? Would more spells make the whole thing even more… whatever it was that was happening?

So many questions…

"I'm guessing I'll be testing more of those things?" Jeanne asked wryly.

"I might ask Yasaka to lend me some youkai, or maybe ask our devil friends… I might do both. I need as much information as I can get. Maybe it'd interact differently with different people? Wonder if you being a Hero Descendant affected that for that matter…" Joshua mumbled and his sister rolled her eyes.

"And we've lost him. Let's go, girls," she said, leaving him to his thoughts. Which was appreciated. This was a lot of new things to go through and he was unlikely to focus much anytime soon.

Still, rude.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua smiled peacefully, leaning back on his chair instead of working as he should be. He'd been kind of caught up in the moment though and his mind was distracted from its usual overwhelming ideas. Instead of brainstorming new wards and hex theories, he just closed his eyes and opened his ears.

What was he hearing, some might ask.

Well, it was Kunou, humming quietly to herself as she worked on some exercises he'd given her. Or maybe she'd already moved on to work on Project Duel a bit. Regardless, it was incredibly adorable and calming to hear, so he'd decided to do just that for a bit.

Opening his eyes for a moment, he looked at his daughter and brought his tea up to take a sip. Truly, he hoped one day things would calm down and he'd be able to sit back like this more often and whenever he so wanted. Not having to worry about the future being threatened by a bunch of crazy people, not having to worry about politics or being almost forced into making near impossible spells. Yes, that would be nice.

"What?" Kunou asked, apparently having noticed that his attention was on her.

"Nothing, just enjoying how adorable you are," he admitted truthfully with a soft smile. For some reason, this made her pout, even if she didn't actually protest. Instead, she just proceeded to look away from him with a slight blush of embarrassment coloring her cheeks, which made her look even cuter. "Well, I think this is enough time spent appreciating that-"

Whatever else he was going to say was interrupted by his phone ringing. He had a hunch of who was calling, mainly because few people actually bothered calling. Most of them either sent a message or just came directly to his house if they needed to talk. Still, he deflated, the previous peace leaving him and instead making him feel weary.

'Griselda Quarta,' He read from the screen of his phone, sighing. With a look towards Kunou, the little girl made a gesture of zipping her lips, to which he gave her a slight wry smile before setting up a Sound Dampening ward. Nothing against her, but there were things that were better left out of her hearing range. For her own good, for the most part, or so he guessed.

"Miss Quarta," he greeted, and he was sure that it showed in his tone that he'd prefer to do just about anything than dealing with her. It wasn't that he hated the Church or anything, but they were so frustrating to deal with that he didn't want to bother. If they were going to throw walls at him that he'd have to dodge just to be an ally with them, then why should he even try?

"Mr. Davis," the woman replied with. If anything, she sounded about as enthusiastic as he did, which was something that caught his attention. That weary tone coming from a woman that had let little escape her professional act was enough to give him pause. It seemed that she just might have something worth hearing to say. "I trust this isn't an inconvenient moment to talk again?"

To her credit, she was asking politely and there was no annoyance or aggression in her tone. Joshua's gaze moved towards Kunou, where the girl was looking at him curiously but quickly turned towards her work, as if that would somehow fool him. He could use her as an excuse, tell Griselda that he was busy tutoring someone but… He sighed.

"No, what did you need?" he asked flatly. Despite being willing to give her a chance, it didn't mean that he had to be enthusiastic about it. They had been the ones that turned away from him, not the other way around.

"The Church came across information regarding Khaos Brigade that the youkai and the devils might appreciate," Griselda said and she instantly had his full attention. Straightening on his seat, he snapped his fingers to make a notebook and a pencil appear. It seemed that things might have changed since the last call.

"And what do you want in return?" Joshua asked, already expecting something that would be troublesome, annoying or both.

"We want in on your arrangement with the other factions," Griselda said, which was annoying. They could have just agreed with his previous offer and be done with it. He really wanted to know what the fuck had happened on that side of things to cause the mess he had to deal with. "And we want a meeting in person with you."

Joshua's first instinct was to ask if that was all. It sounded like very little for how much it must pain them to work together with devils. Once more, he wondered how much he was missing on their side of things, but he didn't want to ask. He probably could have, but he really had entirely too much on his plate to try and push more stuff into it. No, he'd let other people deal with that shit.

"That's doable. I'll be bringing someone else with me, because I can't be bothered to do politics and you've proven to be more annoying than I can handle," Joshua told her instead. Maybe more blunt and harsh than he needed to be, but he didn't want to be a politician. He wanted to do his job and be at peace. It was the faction leaders' fault that he had to deal with the shit he had to.

How difficult was it to take seriously the threat of a terrorist organization? Honestly.

"That's acceptable, Mr. Davis," Griselda replied and if he didn't know better he'd have thought she sounded relieved. "I'm sure we can accommodate whatever schedule you have at the moment, but before we get to that, I want to personally thank you for giving us a chance, Mr. Davis. I know it can't have been easy."

Joshua would freely admit that he was somewhat caught off guard by that speech. He hadn't expected more than a thank you out of obligation and to be done with it. Maybe shit had truly gone down on the Church's side. He was getting increasingly more curious about that.

"Don't mention it," he said, tiredly bringing his hand up and massaging the bridge of his nose. "And really, if we are going to have to deal with each other, please, for all that's good, call me Joshua," he added, hoping against hope that she'd take him up on that offer. Dealing with the church again would be bad enough, he didn't need the extra annoyance, really.

"Of course," she replied, surprising him once more. "But only if you call me Griselda again."

"Deal," he told her almost instantly, chuckling to himself. "Now, about that meeting…"

[}-o-{]​

[Unknown Student]

Joshua Davis was a genius. A very confusing, frustrating and downright infuriating genius, but a genius nonetheless. That was the consensus of most people that got to attend the class he gave at House of Water. Even those people that liked him more than the rest agreed with that assessment.

And that was a whole lot more than they liked most of their other magic teachers. Magicians weren't, after all, people that were very caritative with their resources. Especially in regards to knowledge. Most of the time, when an association got one of them to give a class, they'd do the bare minimum, which was why they tended to have requirements on their contracts regarding how well their students needed to do.

After only a couple of classes, the student body could easily understand why House of Water hadn't done the same with one Joshua Davis. The strange man gave knowledge away like it didn't matter. He freely told them, guided them through the secrets of spell modification like he didn't care about the power he was giving everyone.

There had been talks about him wanting to give a chance to all those people that had wanted to but hadn't been able to attend. An anomaly to be sure, but one that the students appreciate to no end. The only people that didn't like Joshua were those that came from high places and had been consumed by their station. Those that would have thrown their names around to get their way.

You couldn't do that with a man that didn't even bother remembering your name though. Hell, Joshua hadn't even tried, hadn't even put up the act of caring. He'd just outright told them that they weren't important enough for him to do so. Now, most students realized that wasn't what the man had actually wanted to say, and he'd just been saying that he was a forgetful man. However, those people that had wanted to take advantage of their privileges had certainly taken things personally.

Not that Joshua cared about that either, and after a while neither did the rest of the students. Why bother with that when there was such a fountain of knowledge right there, standing in front of them? It'd be the peak of stupidity to have such an opportunity and waste it because of pride.

The students had certainly never participated so much in a class, that was for sure. Going from teachers that didn't want to answer questions and only told them the bare minimum to someone that urged them to ask, to research, to experiment and to learn, was quite the shock. They took to it like starving men to a buffet, however.

It'd be a sad day, when Professor Davis's classes inevitably reached their end, but the journey would surely be one to remember.

"Question," Davis started once he was done going over some guy's desire and project to modify a simple fire spell. "Is there a spell that's widely known? Maybe something that most mages know? I don't have a proper magical education, you could say, so I might not know this. It's a serious question."

How one could just admit to something like that was baffling in itself, but the students were getting used to having a very odd teacher. Besides, it wasn't like any of them would mock the man. Nobody was that stupid, since that carried the unspoken threat of being asked to leave the class. So far, the course was too good to pass up the chance to be in it. Not even those few that didn't like Davis would risk it.

"The Magical Signal Spell, Professor Davis?" Someone answered uncertainly. The man that spoke was, from what most knew, part of the Golden Dawn association. He was older than Davis too, which was eye catching in itself. Both facts together spoke quite a lot of the teacher's prestige.

Even though he was an independent magician, even though he was young, even though he'd been part of the supernatural for a very short time… He was still much better than most of them. He was just different, they were coming to realize. And that was enough that everyone was willing to put away any prejudice. Joshua Davis was just built differently from them all.

Word had spread quickly, after the youkai situation had been resolved. Every magician that had been there spoke of the man that could keep at bay Annihilation Maker by simply endlessly modifying his wards to keep the Sacred Gear creations away from him. Joshua Davis's name reached far into the magic community until everyone knew of him after that.

As such, anyone that had heard of his class had done what they could to get there. Strings had been pulled and the other associations did their best to get at least some of their members to attend the course. As such, the numbers of the people present in the classroom were surprisingly even between all the associations that had managed to get in.

"Is that right? How many people here know that Spell? Can you please put up your hand if you know it and can cast it?" Davis asked then, eyes sweeping over the classroom as more and more arms went up. "There's a few people that don't know it, it seems," he commented, but he didn't seem to be mocking them. If anything, he seemed thoughtful. "Hm, I'll see if we can solve that. I'm guessing there's no other spell that might be more common knowledge?"

Silence greeted that question and he nodded slowly.

"Ok, if those people don't have anything to do after this, please stay behind. I'll have to ask something over here in House of Water and I'll get back to you," Davis said, and pretty much everyone of those people were sure to stay behind even if they had something to do afterwards. Even some of those that did know the spell might stay behind just to see what happened. "As it so happens, I do know that spell," Davis said, moving towards the board and drawing a rough Magical Signal Spell on the board.

It didn't have any of the little details that most spells had, but the students soon realized that it wasn't meant to be an actual circle. It was an example and many of them hurried to copy it in their notebooks, sure that more would soon follow. From there, the teacher added a few more things to the side of the dummy circle. Things like how the spell's range worked, an estimate of the magic energy needed and such.

"Ok, this is roughly how a basic Magic Signal works, right? If you disagree, please put your hand up," Professor Davis asked, but nobody did. Then, he nodded. "Ok, how would you go about modifying this spell? Just ideas, no need for calculations just yet."

"Focus it in one direction instead of a sphere?" a girl from Grauzauberer suggested, raising her hand.

"I like that," Davis said with a grin, pointing at the girl who shrunk on her seat and blushed slightly. Not that the man noticed, since he soon turned around and separated a part of the board to sketch the range of the modified spell. "Anything else?"

"Maybe something weaker but constant?" some man from House of Water said then.

"Good idea," Davis nodded, but didn't quite note it down. "How constant?"

"I assume it would be kept up until it was picked up. Could be useful if one is low on energy and isn't sure if someone will pick up on the spell right away," the man explained then, getting another grin from Davis as he did as before and added that idea to the board.

"Could it be made permanent?" a younger member from Golden Dawn asked from the other side of the classroom.

"Sure, what'd be the issue with that?" the teacher asked, looking around.

"One would need a wardstone to store the power and keep the spell going. Otherwise someone would always have to be casting the spell consciously," a girl from the same association answered.

"Exactly," Davis said before pausing and looking at the girl again. "You're the one that broke the silence in the first class, right?"

"Yep," said student answered with, looking quite happy with herself.

"... What's your name?" the man asked, after a long considering pause.

Needless to say, many people were watching the girl with envy right at that moment. She was the first one to be asked that question, and that meant one thing. She'd made an impression on Davis, enough for him to care about who she was. That was more than any of them could say, and nobody had any idea the kind of benefit that could give.

"Meredith," the girl answered, grinning widely. "Meredith Ordinton."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Writing the PoV of the students was, maybe, the highlight of this chapter for me. It's certainly interesting to put myself on the other side of things, with a completely different outlook on things than Joshua's, which is the one I'm used to. It's quite fun, I gotta admit.

I feel good about this chapter too, which might help that good mood too.

Regardless, I hope you enjoyed the chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Random Question: Is there a PoV you are looking forward to seeing?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 280 others
Adrian King
Jul 14, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 69 - Looking Up to Where I Soar New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#271
Looking Up to Where I Soar

"Thanks for coming with me," Joshua said as they walked towards the meeting point. He'd asked if she wanted to teleport and make it quicker, but she seemed to be a fan of the scenic route. That suited him just fine. Despite being able to just appear wherever he needed to be, he still enjoyed a bit of a walk whenever he needed to go somewhere. Not too much, but a bit was always nice.

"No problem~" Serafall dismissed, skipping next to him as if she were hearing a song only her ears picked up. Nobody seemed to give the woman in a magical girl outfit a second glance, which he thought was weird in itself. He was fairly sure that Serafall would have left things as they were, since he remembered her liking the attention in the series. "It's always nice to show it to the meanies of the Church~" she added, to which he chuckled.

Maybe it was a bit of a mistake to pick Serafall, the Satan Leviathan, as the person that'd help him deal with the politics of a meeting with the Church. And "a bit" might be quite the understatement too. However, Joshua couldn't bring himself to care all that much. Besides, who else was he supposed to choose? Yasaka would have been better, but she couldn't leave Kyoto and Azazel… was Azazel. Shed seemed to still want to keep away from his stuff, which was appreciated and slightly frustrating at times. Besides, Joshua also wasn't sure how good the Egyptian god was with politics, so there was that.

The sheepish feeling he got from the Charm said it all, really.

When he was going to point out that he needed Serafall to be somewhat friendly as to not ruin the chance, something seemed to shift in the woman. The skipping, childish attitude vanished to be replaced with something… sharper. It wasn't quite a jarring change, but it was certainly noticeable. Her smile was what gave it away, really, it went from a cheerful thing to a mischievous thing. Joshua had to wonder if that spelled bad things about the meeting to come.

"Oh, Joshua~" the Satan started, grinning even wider then. "It seems that you've done me a favor without knowing. Ain't you lucky?"

"I'm afraid to ask," the man admitted with a wry smile. "This isn't gonna blow up in my face, is it?"

"Nothing of the sort," Serafall reassured, waving away his concerns even though it didn't really work out that well. It was difficult to take Serafall seriously regarding bad things, but it was equally as difficult to do so regarding good things too, it seemed. "I'm just gonna have so much fun. I'd have paid you to let me come if I'd known this would happen."

"I mean, I'm not against more payment, even if I don't even know what I would ask for," Joshua mused, deciding to see where things went. It was a little late to ask Serafall not to come, and that'd be quite the mistake, he was sure. With some luck, she wasn't lying and nothing bad would happen. "Maybe more on Hexes. I've started focusing a little more on that after I started to actually cast them and they are very interesting. I might just put it side to side with my wards in terms of focus."

".. I'm sure I'll think of something, Joshua~" Serafall replied with, although he was fairly sure that there was a bit of a stumble on her words. Weird, but she did weirder stuff on a regular basis, really.

"... Ah, I think I know what you meant," Joshua mumbled, finally picking up on something with his Magic Sense and Life Sense. There were the usual spells for privacy and concealment but under all that there were two people waiting for them. Griselda, which he could already all but recognize after several meetings and much better sensing capabilities and next to her… "That's an angel, isn't it?" he asked, because he could feel the Holy in that being with both of his skills.

It reminded him of Jeanne's swords, but much stronger, and thus… his guess.

"You are right, Joshua~" Serafall confirmed, making him grow nervous. So, they weren't going to meet just the Church, but also Heaven? Joshua wasn't very clear on how separate both organizations were, but he knew that they were somewhat so. "And not just any angel either~"

"Very reassuring," Joshua said wryly as they opened the door to the cafe Griselda and he had agreed to meet in. 'Is that…?' he wondered once he caught sight of who seemed to be Heaven's representation in the meeting. "Griselda," he greeted with a nod, before turning fully towards the blonde woman, getting a similar greeting back from her. "I don't think we've met, Joshua Davis," he introduced himself, extending his hand.

Maybe it was the wrong way to greet them and introduce himself to an angel, but really, he didn't know. He also didn't care enough to research that kind of stuff. He had better stuff to study when he had time, really, and he couldn't be bothered with politics anyway. If someone was offended, he'd apologize and if that wasn't enough, then… Well, that was that and he'd just rely on his allies. Serafall didn't seem too worried about what he'd done, so he took that as his actions not being too troublesome.

That is, until he saw her holding back a giggle.

"I'm Gabriel, nice to meet you, Joshua Davis," the blond woman replied with a kind smile that could have lit the place by itself. 'Of course it is,' Joshua thought to himself as he shook hands with a Seraph. He wasn't annoyed, per se, but he was kind of weary of things just always seeming to break his expectations. "I'd like to apologize for how the Church has interacted with you so far. Things… haven't been going quite as we'd have liked."

"Don't worry about it," he waved off, taking a seat in front of the two when the Seraph went to do the same. Ignorant he might be, but he could try, he supposed. If he failed… Well, at least he did his best, sort of. "I just want Khaos Brigade dealt with, and it seems I'll be getting what I want a little easier now."

With some luck, either this little alliance would come through or his traps would. Ideally both, of course, but he liked to keep his hopes down. At the end of the day, he only wanted to stop the terrorists, preferably before they unleashed Trihexa. Joshua's knowledge of that part of the series was spotty at best, but with some luck the changes he'd make along the way would be enough to stop any apocalyptic danger from coming through.

"And that's what we want too," Gabriel agreed with a nod, placid smile still in place. "There were some misunderstandings amongst our people, but those have been cleared."

"That's… nice," Joshua said, blinking as he tried to think up what that could mean. Considering the history of the Church, that could be a rather dark statement. But then again, this was Gabriel delivering it so… He was uncertain. Maybe it was better to leave things as they were.

"Joshua here was quite upset, you know?" Serafall said, deciding to talk for the first time. It wasn't lost on Joshua, and likely on the other two, that she hadn't greeted anyone at all, nor had she introduced herself. "Gabriel, your people all but slapped him in the face, you know?"

If Joshua hadn't known better, he'd have thought he saw Gabriel's eyebrow twitch.

"I'm aware and that's been something they have had to explain and later be punished for. There was no reason to act in such a way, even going as far as having Griselda here taking the fall for their short sightedness," the angel replied, still smiling. Joshua was sure that if it were anyone else, grinning so much would have been unnerving. Instead, with her, it came off as peaceful and warm. 'Maybe that's an angel power?'

It was such a shame that he couldn't have some wards of his own to look more closely at a completely new race he'd just met. 'Some other time, maybe,' he mused. Would they be wary if he invited them to one of his places for a talk next time? That was likely, unfortunately.

"But what about Joshua here, the wronged party? Surely you have something in mind to offer him, right? You weren't going to brush things aside, right?" Serafall pressed then, not even trying to hide how much she was enjoying doing what she was doing. To her credit, Gabriel didn't react at all. Griselda, next to her, however, was an entirely different matter. The poor woman seemed to be rather nervous, from what Joshua was picking up with Life Sense.

'Really wondering how good an idea this was,' Joshua lamented to himself.

"As a matter of fact, that was already in the plans. We were going to discuss that as soon as this talk was over, I'll have you know," Gabriel replied without- Was that a narrowing in her eyes? "We've heard tales about how difficult it is to reach an agreement with Mr. Davis here, so I thought it better to leave that for later."

To that, Seferall clicked her tongue in annoyance, before childishly huffing and turning to the side.

"Whatever you think is a good enough… compensation, would it be? Whatever you think is best works for me," Joshua said, shrugging. He really couldn't care less for that. He was still going through the books Serafall had given him and he doubted the Church would have much on Hexes, so he couldn't really think of something that he wanted to ask for.

Next to him, Serafall giggled behind her hand while Gabriel blinked at him and Griselda brought a hand up to massage the bridge of her nose.

'What?'

"So, about Khaos Brigade?" Joshua asked, when it seemed that nobody was going to talk.

"As I understand it, this agreement you want to reach between factions is to share information regarding this terrorist group?" Gabriel asked, seemingly jumping at the change of subject. Weird, but Joshua could work with that. It was what he wanted to focus on, after all.

"The thing is simple," he started, taking a tone he'd started using more and more, now that he was teaching classes. "If a faction comes across information regarding Khaos Brigade that they can't use because it involves another faction's territory, and that other faction is part of the agreement, they'll share it with the involved party. As simple as that. If, as I did before, the devils find information regarding a Khaos Brigade base in Church or Heaven territory, then they'll share it with you and if the opposite happens, then you'll share it with them. Simple enough, right?"

"It is," Gabriel agreed, nodding slowly. "And it would be just that, sharing this information and nothing else? No payments for the information, no exchanges or deals?"

"No," Joshua shook his head. "I think progress being made to stop these mad people is enough payment, don't you?" he asked, trying very hard not to sound accusatory. Was it too much to ask that people put aside their differences to deal with someone that wanted to bring the apocalypse, literally? Apparently, as he was coming to learn, it was.

"That's more than agreeable enough for us," Gabriel said and he could have cheered. "I'm guessing we'll have to discuss the specifics of how the information will be shared between factions?"

"I'll leave that to you and the people that know politics. I'm just here as… Honestly, I'm not sure why I have to be here, in all honesty," Joshua said, smiling wryly at them.

"Incentive, obviously, since anyone that's part of this agreement will be on good terms with you," Serafall offered sagely and Joshua wondered if that was truly the case. He knew he was considered good, but surely not that good, right? Well, if it worked, it worked, he supposed.

"That, I guess," he said, waving vaguely at the Satan. "Now, about this info you had?"

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

That meeting had gone… better than she expected. The Church and Heaven had been strangely cooperative, in Serafall's humble opinion. Going from outright rejecting Joshua's idea to just going with it instantly was quite the change. The way Gabriel talked about the Church's people was very telling though.

Joshua had likely missed it, but the angel had thrown the Church under the bus while leaving Heaven smelling like roses. Maybe it was really what had happened, but still, coming from two factions that were more often than not considered to be the same, it meant something. There was something going on in that side of the Three Factions and Serafall wanted to know what was up.

That meeting hadn't been the time for that though, since it was focused more on the agreement and Khaos Brigade. Joshua really wanted to deal with them, it seemed, and while Serafall got it to some extent, she also didn't. That might have been her skewed perception as someone that had lived for quite some time though. After all, the supernatural world always had threats like those, it knew them and it was used to them.

And maybe because of that, it dismissed them to some extent.

"That went well," Joshua said, sitting on his sofa as Serafall did the same on an armchair to the side. The Satan looked at him while the man lost himself on the papers that Gabriel had given them. What she wouldn't have given to take a peek into his mind to see what he was thinking. There was surely something interesting going on in his brain, Serafall was sure.

"What are you thinking, Joshua~?" she asked, reveling in the fact that she could just ask that and actually expect an answer. With most other people, she'd be met with suspicion and wariness. After all, she was a Satan, and a politically inclined one to boot. People weren't very open when met with any of those two things, nevermind both.

"I'm thinking that I might have ready the new ward I was working on for this, unless you wanted to deal with it yourself?" Joshua answered, blinking as he turned to ask that question. Serafall, to that, gave him an amused expression.

"Silly Joshua, of course we'll take care of that ourselves. It's in our territory, after all," she told him, as if he were a particularly slow child. However, what she focused on was the "new ward" part of his statement. What had the man cooked up now and how did he even get the time while working on everything else he did too? If nothing else, she was in awe of the way he could just have a bunch of different projects on and not really neglect any of them.

"Guess I can work on that project some more before testing then," Joshua mumbled to himself but now he'd gotten her curious about that. It was strange, to see the usually calm and collected Joshua look so… eager and excited, almost bloodthirsty. 'So, even he can have a… less than friendly side, huh? Interesting,' she thought, looking at him.

That word certainly fit Joshua Davis, probably more than it did any other human. Maybe that was the reason they'd become friends, she supposed. One needed to be some sort of strange to casually befriend a Satan, after all. Nevermind the rest of Joshua's group of friends and acquaintances.

"If it's any consolation, Joshua~" Serafall started then, grinning widely. "We'll have to ask you to deal with things outside of the range of our little… alliance, as it were," she told him. And wasn't it strange, to think that her race, the Fallen, Heaven and the Church were working together. Maybe it was a little late to consider that, but still. The Youkai were there too, but that was almost minor compared to the others.

"On second thought, I don't know if I really want to be thrown into that kind of danger," Joshua replied with a wry grin. Apparently, that fire that had appeared before had been pushed back by the man's usual cold-headedness. Still, Serafall knew it was still there somewhere, just under control.

For the moment, she had other things to consider in regards to the man that were more important. After all, she knew that he was the key to the agreement they were working on. If not for him, the idea wouldn't even have been brought up. If not for him, none of them would have considered it.

It was certainly an exaggeration to say that he was the sole reason behind the whole thing, but he was the one that set the thing in motion. Joshua had been the one to nudge them in the direction they were going in now. 'Maybe you don't like politics, Joshua,' Serafall thought to herself. 'But you sure know how to work things to your advantage.'

If she hadn't known better, she'd have thought he manipulated the whole thing and all of them to get the result he got. Even knowing better, she was suspicious. At the end of the day, she'd been close enough to know that he wasn't some sort of mastermind.

Serafall had a hard time deciding though, if Joshua was just good at making friends or at making people see things his way. Maybe there was a politician somewhere in there. Now, if only he weren't so against the concept as a whole though.

A shame, really.

The kind of things the man could do, if he set his mind to it…

[}-o-{]​

[Margalo]

She was a frustrated bird.

Cheshire, Nagini, Morag and Father could go on and on about how she'd get there and how she was the youngest and thus it made sense for her to be a little late to her evolution. None of that changed the fact that she felt so very… small and weak compared to everyone else. She was so far behind her sisters it wasn't even funny.

And then there was Margalo, who the most she could do was sing encouraging tunes for others to fight. That was… That wasn't what she wanted. She wanted to be useful. Maybe she didn't need to fight up close and personal like Cheshire did, or be mean like Nagini, or crafty like Morag, but… Margalo wanted something to do, something to really help with.

She knew more battles would come, and she didn't want to be left at home like she had with the last battle. So, Magalo had done her best, tried as hard as she could while following her feline sister's steps and tried to make something that she could use to fight with, or help with, or something. The song was as far as she had gotten, other than the ability to go faster she'd outright copied from Cheshire.

Margalo was immediately distracted from her inner grumblings when Father brought his hand up for her to rest on. She wasn't tired, but she wasn't stupid enough to pass up the chance to be close to Father and bask in his infinite warmth. She knew he wasn't her real father, of course. She might be incompetent battlewise but she wasn't dumb. However, he was the one that had raised her, that day after she was picked up by Cheshire, her sister.

Joshua had taken her in his family and everyone had done their best to look after her. It was the reason he was Father and it was the reason she wanted to be more useful. She had so much to repay them all for and she was still so frustratingly far from reaching any real kind of success on that front. She was still getting all that they gave her and had nothing to give back. It made her feel-

"Shh, it's fine, girl," Father whispered to her, rubbing his finger under her beak in a way that pushed to the side all her bad thoughts, as usual. "There's no need to get like that. It's fine. You'll get there."

She chirped at him, because she already knew that! It didn't make her feel any better though. If anything, his reassurance only made her feel worse. Was she placing another burden on Father's shoulders with her frustration? It would be just her luck…

"Come on, cheer up, Margalo," he told her, smiling kindly at her like he always did. Cheshire and Nagini seemed sure that Father doted on her because she was the youngest… And maybe they were right, but Margalo wasn't going to complain. "Sing something for me, girl. Your songs are always nice, especially when I'm tired."

Nothing else needed to be said for her to start singing. Maybe it was little, and maybe it wasn't that useful, but if she could help Father by singing, then she would. One day, she'd do more, but until then, she would sing with all that she had.

Margalo reached inside, for the energy that her sisters had taught her to use. For the same energy that she used to fly faster or encourage others with her song. Instead of doing that though, she used it for another tune. One more relaxed, more kind, one more… warm.

Like Father.

As she sang, Margalo felt the Shift coming once more, as she'd so hoped for so long. She embraced it instantly, just like she'd done before and just like her sisters did whenever they could. She welcomed the slight nudge from the god that Father called Shed. They'd yet to meet him, but Father seemed sure that was his name, so that must have been his name. Margalo didn't much care for that, instead focusing on how the being helped her and her sisters grow stronger, faster, better.

Maybe the deity would help her reach the heights she so craved.

Father's energy flooded her as their very beings were linked by Shed, seemingly wanting to empower her song. So, Margalo sang, even as she felt herself grow to be… more than she was. She didn't feel like she was getting bigger, but her energy felt more powerful nonetheless and the energy she poured into her tune grew accordingly.

Then, she felt something her sisters had already told her about. Their explanations felt so very lacking at that moment though, as the link between Father and her, became one of more than just energy. Instead, she felt his calm, his kindness and his warmth much better than Margalo ever had before. If only for that, she was thankful to Shed.

Through her new link to Father, Margalo also felt her sisters gather around to watch this eventful moment in her life. Cheshire, in her biggest form, walked up to them and gently nudged her with her nose once the process was over. Margalo didn't feel much different from before, but that wasn't important at the moment.

Nagini, much less expressive than the feline, simply hissed something that sounded vaguely congratulatory, which might as well have been a loud cheer coming from her. A very effusive being, Margalo's serpentine sister was not, but they all loved her nonetheless. Likely picking up on that, Nagini looked away.

As for Morag, her fellow youngster, in a way… She climbed on Father's back, as she'd taken to doing after she found out she couldn't sit on his head as she did before. Once there, her arachnid sister gingerly poked at her with her legs. Clicking her mandibles curiously, Morag wondered if Margalo was alright.

To answer that question, the bird sang once more, the song inspired by Joshua.

The Song of her Father.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Many doubts about the first half and Serafall's part, but Margalo was a sweetheart and her part was nice enough not to make me nervous. She wasn't very kind to my plans though, because it seems she's taking a different route than what I had planned for her. Guess we'll see where that goes.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you have a new year's resolution? I don't, really. (This chapter was posted in New Year's back in the day, that's the reason for the question.)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 278 others
Adrian King
Jul 14, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 70 - I’ll Follow You, You Follow Me New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#275
I'll Follow You, You Follow Me

"Congratulations, Margalo," Joshua whispered towards the bird. She wasn't much bigger than before, he noted. She'd fit fine in his palm previously and she still did, if less comfortably. "I'm very happy for you," he added, because he knew how frustrated the bird had been with her progress. Maybe this wouldn't help her that much with that, but it was a step forward and it would hopefully relieve some of her worries.

[Margalo

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Magical Bird

Gender: Female

Strength: D-

Speed: C-

Dexterity: D+

Vitality: D-

Perception: D

Magic: E

Perks: 2

Skills: 7]

'New Perk and Skill, huh?' Joshua noted to himself, his finger rubbing the feathers on the underside of the bird's head. 'Let's take a look.'

[Gentle Song – Lvl 1

Defines the user's ability to boost others with their voice.

Consumption - F]

'That's the same description as Courageous Song, isn't it?' Joshua thought, surprised. A moment later he confirmed that, yes, it was. Which meant that he'd have to do some testing to check what the difference was. Likely on what the skills boosted, he supposed. His familiar's skills had always been a little less descriptive than his own, but he was still a little annoyed that the system couldn't even bother differentiating between skills. 'Anyway, about that Perk?' he wondered, deciding that he'd just have to check the difference with wards and sensing.

[Sound Affinity

The user has an easier time manipulating energies related to sound.]

'Sort of like with Cheshire and Thunder, huh?' Joshua noted, and it made sense, he guessed. He was fairly sure that Margalo had evolved while developing Gentle Song and that the skill wasn't a byproduct of the evolution, after all. He might not have any proof of that, but he also didn't have any doubts.

"Huh, Serafall shouldn't have worried so much about her evolution, it seems," Jeanne pointed out, reminding everyone that she was indeed present.

"That's what you take away from this?" Joshua asked her, raising an eyebrow. Next to him, he felt all his familiars turning towards her to direct unimpressed expressions her way. Margalo herself chirped annoyedly at his sister, which almost made him chuckle. He managed to hold back his laughter, fortunately. "For shame, Jeanne."

"What?" the girl asked, clearly caught off guard by their reactions. "It was a joke!"

Margalo did her equivalent of a huff and turned away.

"Ignore the meanie, girl," Joshua told his bird familiar, shaking his head. "Let's go inside and prepare for a little celebration, yeah?" he asked, getting animated chirping in response. "You wanna invite Kunou to come over?" He needn't have asked, considering the cheerful singing he got as an answer. "Yeah, I thought so. I'll give her and Yasaka a call. Guess I'll have to prepare some food too."

And so they walked towards the house.

Behind them, Joshua heard Nagini hissing and Cheshire meowing something at Jeanne. Judging by the anguished response of his sister, they were chastising her. Good, silly Jeanne should have known better.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua closed his eyes and focused on his Magic Sense. Sure enough, one magical signal came up soon afterwards and he nodded. It went out almost immediately. It didn't take long for the next to come to life and he nodded once more. So the signals kept coming and he started smiling.

"Good job, everyone, it seems you have the hang of it," he told the people around him as he opened his eyes. He'd asked House of Water for a classroom to teach some of his students the Magical Signal Spell, since they were kind of working on it in his class. The association had easily accommodated him. A little too easy in his opinion but neither Shed nor Cheshire seemed too concerned, so he wouldn't look at a gift horse in the mouth just yet.

On that note, he was considering asking if they'd allow him to teach another class. After all, he hadn't forgotten that there had been people that had wanted to join but couldn't. He was liking teaching well enough so far, so he might just take up more people if he could. Terms of payment had been vague, so maybe he could ask for Hex information too, which was a plus. If his suspicions were right, House of Water might be a good place to ask for that. If not that, then they would probably know where he should start looking for that, at least.

"Thank you for the help, Professor Davis," one of his students said and Joshua found himself feeling a little awkward. He wondered if it'd ever get easier to be called that, especially by people that looked older than he was.

"Don't mention it, guys," he waved off when he received similar words from the rest of the students. "From what I read, one of the spell's uses is as a last resort emergency call for the most part. It also can't really be used for anything bad, so it's no wonder it's pretty common knowledge."

"Still, you didn't have to teach us, and we appreciate it," a woman that also looked older than him said, making him run his fingers through his hair to push away the uncomfortable feeling that brought. "We'll repay you for this."

"Really, don't worry about it," he repeated, waving them off. "If you really wanna repay me, teach the spell to other people. It might save someone's life at some point," he said, mostly to get them off his back. He already had more money than he knew what to do with and more books than he could read for the moment. Granted, there were a few things that would be nice to get, but the students were unlikely to have them to begin with, and the spell he'd taught them wouldn't warrant all that much for payment. It was better to just leave things as they were.

"If you say so, Professor Davis," one of his students nodded, but Joshua couldn't shake the feeling that he was missing something.

"Professor Davis?" a new voice called, making Joshua turn to the side. There, at the door, stood a woman, leaning against the frame. "Could I have a word with you?" she asked then, making him blink. She looked pretty plain, but she had the House of Water emblem on her clothes, which he had come to learn was only for people that actually held some power within the organization.

"Of course," he agreed easily, turning to his students for a moment. "Just wait here if you want to. The actual class will start soon, after all," he told them before walking outside. "What can I help you with?" he asked the woman once he stood outside. As he turned towards her fully though, he frowned slightly.

"I have a message from Director Agnes," the woman said with a slight smile. "She wanted to know when would be a good time to meet you personally?"

"Before that," he started, tilting his head. "Is there a reason for the illusion?" he asked, making the woman blink before she chuckled. Then, bringing her hand to one of the rings she wore and turning it, the illusion came down. Under the plain appearance of before, it seemed that there had been quite the beautiful black-haired woman. 'Then again, most women are pretty in this world. Ecchi logic, I guess,' he mused.

"It seems I've been caught," she said, apparently not at all bothered by her disguise being called out. "And it seems that there is some reason behind all the fuss you've caused around the supernatural world," she added, tilting her head at him. "I'm Director Agnes, by the way. Nice to meet you."

"Joshua Davis," he introduced himself unnecessarily, extending his hand. He noted to himself that she hadn't actually said her full name, unless she didn't have a surname, which he guessed wouldn't be that weird, but still… Maybe he was reading too much into it but if his deductions weren't completely off… "What can I do for you?" he asked. The fact that the Director had decided to pay him a visit, under an illusion to boot, was curious, but not overly so. At least in his opinion. His guess was that she had done so to try and get a read on him, or something of that sort.

"I just wanted to discuss with you the agreement regarding your classes," Director Agnes told him and he felt a spell being placed around them. A privacy one, from what he could tell with Magic Sense. "That and your payment. We left things vague, for the most part, because we wanted to see how well things would go. Now, with a better idea, I thought it would be a good time to discuss it in further detail."

"Hex Magic," he replied, making her blink. "Do you have sources of information for it? I'd appreciate that. I have some books and such myself, but they don't cover enough for my liking."

"Oh? I'd heard you were a difficult man to reach an agreement with regarding payment, but it seems they were exaggerations," she said, apparently pleasantly surprised by how the conversation was going. "I'm sure we can provide you with that. A list of what books you already have on the subject would be much appreciated. If that isn't possible, then I guess we can gather some texts and you can see if they are new to you or what you want."

"Sure, I'll get you a list of what I have," Joshua said with a shrug. What were they going to do with that? Decide to rob him? He wanted to see them try to get inside his wards. Maybe that was arrogant of him, but if Khaos Brigade hadn't tried again after their previous altercations, he felt reasonably sure of his defenses. On top of that, he was in the middle of youkai territory too, so there was that. "Anything else you wanted to discuss?"

"I think that's it for the moment," the woman said, looking both amused and curious. Why, he couldn't begin to guess, but that was what he gathered from her expression.

"Out of curiosity, would you happen to have a surname?" he asked, maybe a little bluntly, as he tilted his head. This seemed to draw a chuckle from the woman, who regarded him with a half-smile.

"I think you've already guessed."

"Agnes, Director of the House of Water association," he said, starting to summarize what he'd gathered and why he made his guess so. "Your organization had less than good dealings some time ago, from what I've been told. You've skirted the line between good and evil ever since, slowly leaning towards the former as time went by."

"Yes?" the woman urged him, although she didn't seem the least bit annoyed by what he was saying. If anything, she looked quite entertained.

"Agnes Waterhouse?" Joshua asked in the end. "Or a descendant without the surname, at least."

"Correct, and I do have the surname," she confirmed with a nod, not the least bothered by the guess. "I don't go around shouting about it though, so I'd appreciate it if you didn't either."

"I can agree to that," he replied. Really, if hero descendants could turn into villains, then bad guy's descendants could be good, as far as he was aware. All the info he'd gotten and his experience so far with House of Water spoke pretty well of them. Granted, things could change, but he could give Agnes the benefit of the doubt, at least.

"I appreciate that," the Director told him, sounding genuine enough. "I have a feeling we'll get along just fine, Joshua Davis."

"I certainly hope so," he said with a grin. He'd hate to have to deal with trouble from this, if he was honest. Not only because of what that would entail by itself, but also because it would mean he couldn't trust Shed as much as he thought he could. He didn't want to deal with that headache if he could help it. "With that said, I have students to teach. Although, I might have some things to talk with you later about."

"Hopefully about teaching even more here," she told him with a wry grin.

"It might be," he admitted with a nod before tilting his head and giving her a considering look. "I do hope you aren't trying to recruit me. I won't be joining your association, accommodating as it has been with me." He liked his freedom too much to even consider tying himself to any organization. At least, unless they offered him things that were unlikely to happen. He wasn't that much of a big shot in the supernatural, after all.

To that, she chuckled, as if he'd told a particularly good joke.

"Joshua," she started, giving him a half-smile that seemed a touch too predatory for his liking. "We aren't trying to recruit you. We wouldn't dream of it. No, for some reason you seem willing to teach at our institution, and that alone is bringing much good to us. By itself, that is already great, I won't ruin it by being greedy. Now, I do believe I have to let you go back to class. I'll likely see you later, however."

"Later, then," Joshua agreed, thinking about what she'd said. Surely it wasn't such a big deal that he was teaching at her association, right? 'What did you get me into, Shed?' he asked, only receiving a slightly mischievous feeling in response that didn't reassure him at all.

As he watched the woman go though, someone appeared right in front of his face.

[New Title: The Professor]

'What?' Joshua thought, blinking. Then he curiously called for the screen that would hopefully explain why this had suddenly just… happened. 'Although, that name is pretty telling, not gonna lie,' he mused to himself with a slight smile as he turned to walk back into the classroom.

[The Professor

Increases the growth speed of Magic, Spells and magic related Skills by 50%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Spells by 40%.

Increases the growth speed of Skills and Spells you teach by 100%.]

'Woah,' he blinked again, this time out of shock instead of surprise. Those numbers were great, after all. The thing threw Ward Specialist, his previous title, out of the water. And that was just the first two effects, let alone the third. Granted, the last one was pretty restrictive, but it only meant that if he really wanted something to go up, he needed to teach it.

Hell, Joshua already was liking teaching to begin with, so having the activity offer a very direct benefit was great. Now he'd definitely be talking with Agnes about increasing his teaching time. Although, he'd have to balance that with his actual training. Because no matter how fast his growth speed got, he'd still need to actually put work into his Skills if he wanted them to grow.

'Not a moment to rest, huh?'

[}-o-{]​

"So, a Spell Card that makes two Unit Cards on the same side divide the damage they suffer between them," Joshua summarized thoughtfully. "What would that look like? Some kind of link between the two, but how?"

"It's supposed to be a Holy Card," Kunou told him before humming, eyes narrowed as she considered the idea. "Maybe a shield kind of thing? Sort of golden, covering the Unit with one side extending towards the other one, connecting? Like this," she explained, before taking a piece of paper and drawing what she had in mind. Upon seeing it, Joshua was happy to see that he'd imagined it well enough just with her words.

"Ok, that works for me," he replied, starting to work on the illusion for that on his own sheet of paper. "How's your circle going?" he asked, not looking up from his work.

"Uh… It's… going," Kunou answered with, and Joshua rolled his eyes at her sheepish tone.

"Not that well, huh? I wonder if that has anything to do with you not going over the material or doing the homework I left for you," Joshua commented, and he sighed as he only received silence for a response. Looking up, he saw Kunou awkwardly shuffling on her seat, doing her best to not look at him. "You know I don't just give you those to make you suffer, right?"

"I know," she mumbled, her voice barely audible.

"I give you those because they'll teach you what you need to know so that you can do this kind of stuff," he explained anyway. "You'd have found several clues for that illusion in the material and the homework would have helped you figure it out before tackling the actual thing."

"I know that, dad," she repeated, pouting and looking down at the table.

"So…?" He asked, raising an eyebrow at her even if she wasn't looking at him.

"I'll read that and do my homework before trying to work on the card," she said, deflating as she pushed what she'd been working on to the side. Joshua, meanwhile, just rolled his eyes at her.

"Stop being dramatic," he told her. "It's not like I gave you all that much to go through," he added, looking down at his own stuff. He'd finish that card for Project Duel before going back to actual work, probably. This likely meant Detection and Monitoring ward modification for both the Phoenix Ward and Hex Magic. He was trying to work out some spells that would help pick up stuff for both things instead of trying to work both projects separately. Who knew? Maybe he'd stumble onto something that he otherwise wouldn't.

That was the idea, at least.

The Phoenix project hadn't seen much progress, even with all the sessions of analysis he'd had so far. Or maybe it had? It was difficult to judge that when he didn't know how far or close the goal was. There was progress being made, but Joshua had little in the way of clues to know how much.

As for Hexes… Well, that was kind of still a mystery for him. He was still working on them, and he'd figured out that what he used for foci changed how they seemed to "interact". He didn't know if that was the right word to use, but that was what he was going with so far. Animal parts seemed to have a more alive feeling, plants were more calm and inanimate objects were more stiff. Joshua wasn't very sure what this meant in terms of performance, which was why he wanted to research the spells in more detail and maybe get some more reading material on them.

"So, she was slacking off again?" a voice asked and he half-smiled at the new arrival. Next to him, Kunou huffed indignantly, but remained silent. It wasn't like she could argue the point, really. "Considering that her getting more distracted as of late is your fault, I find it fitting that you deal with it more."

"I guess I'm a bad influence after all," Joshua said, leaning back and shrugging as he turned towards Yasaka. "In my defense, you should have realized that from the beginning."

"I guess I should have," she admitted with a smile. "Your card game coming along fine?"

"Yeah. It'll be some time before we can actually play without it feeling pretty evident that it still needs more work, but it's getting there," Joshua answered, his eyes moving over the several pages of work. "Eager to play?"

"Well, after hearing so much from Kunou, I find myself rather curious if nothing else," Yasaka replied, her grin growing wider and more amused. "With that said, Kunou?" she called, drawing an innocent look from their daughter that instantly told Joshua that she'd done something she shouldn't. "I'm guessing you didn't tell Joshua that one of your classes was moved to fifteen minutes ago and you managed to convince the servants to get away with staying here?"

As Joshua turned to look at the girl, both him and Yasaka leveled Kunou with an unimpressed expression. To her credit, their daughter simply pouted dejectedly, not even trying to argue against the accusation. She also didn't protest though, simply grumbling something as she picked up a few things and moved out of the room. Before leaving though, she turned towards him.

"Will you be here when I'm done, dad?" she asked with those kit fox eyes that always got him to say yes. They were entirely too unfair, in his opinion.

"Sure thing, we can work a bit more before I go," he told her with a grin. "Make sure you work hard though. If I hear you are slacking off too much, I'll have to cut time from our projects."

"I will," she promised, a solemn frown on her face as she nodded and finally went to her class.

"She makes me feel guilty," Joshua admitted, his smile turning wry. "She wasn't that unruly when I arrived."

"She also barely acted like a child, so I take even that as a win," Yasaka reassured him, taking a seat in front of him. "So, thank you for that."

"Uh, no problem, I guess," he replied, running his fingers through his hair.

"I did have something else to talk about though," she continued, drawing a curious look from him. "My people and the devils have already acted on the information that the Church and Heaven provided."

That was good to know. From what he'd been able to gather, even though he wasn't actually involved, there'd been a Khaos Brigade group of Stray Exorcists somewhere between youkai and devil territory. It wasn't all that close to Kuoh, but certainly enough for Joshua to think they might have been either related to Raynare's group or Kokabiel's. With this hit, he might just have dealt with one of those before it happened. Although, it was less likely if it was the latter, admittedly.

"Good to know," he said, his finger tapping on the table. "Any new information coming from that? Or was it just another dead end?" he asked, hoping for the former, but knowing it was probably the latter. The look on Yasaka's face answered for itself, making him sigh. "Well, any progress is still progress, I guess."

"Indeed," Yasaka agreed before letting silence drag on for a long moment. "I know you'll work against Khaos Brigade on your own, Joshua, despite the agreement you've helped form," she said, to which he tilted his head. "Be careful, ok? I know you've had a somewhat easy time so far, but this is a terrorist group that has caused many problems to people stronger than you."

"I'm aware," Joshua told her. After all, he knew that he'd only taken out Georg because he caught the Dimension Lost holder off guard. Going in the offensive as he was, the odds were stacked against him, despite how much work he put on his traps and attacks. His skillset was more suited to defense instead of offense and he knew it. "I'll be careful."

"I don't want my daughter to lose another father, so you better," Yasaka told him, making him gulp at the look on her face. "There are ways for me to make you pay even if you die, just to let you know."

"Noted," he replied wryly, wondering if those methods would actually work. Death had acted… strangely, to put it mildly, the last time he went through it. He didn't want to test if something like that would happen again, but it was a curious thought to consider. Still… "Don't worry, the last thing I want is to make Kunou sad."

"I know," she said with a nod. "I just felt it necessary to point that out… Besides…" she started then, giving him a smile. "I'd miss our conversations. It's nice to have someone around that isn't a subordinate or someone with their own political agenda around," she told him, making him chuckle.

"I mean, I did set you up in an agreement that seems pretty political to me," he pointed out.

"Alas, I think you are right," Yasaka conceded, giggling behind her hand. "I guess I'll conveniently ignore that."

"Well, that's a relief," he replied, chuckling.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

This chapter went through some last minute changes that might make it so that there's more mistakes than usual. After all, I think editing works better when I can leave the stuff laying there for a bit more before going through it to correct things. Which isn't saying much, since I always leave typos and shit around, but still.

With that said, I liked how the chapter turned out. I hope you enjoyed it.

Random Question: I just came back from a vacation that was pretty great (back when I edited this, at least), even if it was slightly exhausting in certain ways (ironic, I know). What was your last vacation like?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 260 others
Adrian King
Jul 14, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 71 - Spend Some Time and We’ll Have Some Fun New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#278
Spend Some Time and We'll Have Some Fun

"Josh!" Phil all but shouted in a chastising voice, to which the guilty party chuckled unrepentantly. "This is too much!" The poor man complained, looking quite disturbed as he turned towards his daughters and the pile of bags full of clothes. "When you said you wanted the keys to bring your presents, I thought you only meant to surprise them with a few things well placed, not that you'd fill my living room."

"I mean, I wouldn't say it's filled," Joshua pointed out with a grin. "But hey, there's an idea-"

"Joshua!"

"Oh, come on, Phil, relax," the younger man waved off. "I wanted to do something nice for you and the girls. God knows they could use some good things happening. I can't imagine spending all their time with Sarah is a cheerful experience."

"Still, Josh, you can't just do stuff like this," Phil still protested.

"I regret nothing," Joshua said, drawing a long, suffering sigh from the older man. "Honestly," he continued, his smile turning sad as he looked at Phil's twins starting to look through their new clothes and talking animatedly. "You know? I've sort of looked into the rest of the family. Nobody seemed too torn up about my parents, me or how things were going for me. I even approached some of them and… They said the right words, but I didn't feel the right things from them."

"It's been a while, Josh," Phil tried to excuse, but he wasn't putting all that much effort into it. Joshua couldn't say he blamed the guy. He'd been unfortunate enough to be part of his family for a while, he knew how they were already. Not even liberal use of Life Sense had given Joshua many positive things to say about his family members. If anything, it might have made things worse, really.

"The thing is, you are the only member of the family that is worth something," he said then, giving the man a grin. "So, I've decided that I'll spoil you."

"I'm not gonna be able to change your mind, am I?" Phil asked, sounding resigned. Good, it seemed that the guy finally understood how things went. It was about time, if anyone asked Joshua.

"No, you are not."

"The girls are gonna love you, at least."

"I remember when they were little midgets running around after me," Joshua said, happily remembering such times. Those were moments when he hadn't quite felt like an outcast in his own family. Few and far between, but they existed, at least.

"You were much better with children than you ever were with adults, that's true," Phil told him, not unkindly. It was a statement of fact and as such, Joshua appreciated the honesty behind it. "It's good to see you are doing better."

"So you keep saying," Joshua replied, rolling his eyes. "Still, thanks."

"Josh, did you really choose this? It's amazing!" one of the twins exclaimed, practically appearing in front of him and thrusting a piece of clothing so close to his face that he couldn't even tell what it was.

"Not really a choice, I wouldn't say," he answered with a chuckle. "My sister chose them, I just paid for them."

"You have a sister? Since when? Can we meet her?" the other twin asked animatedly.

"Sure thing," he replied, grinning fondly before his expression turned a little mischievous and he just looked at the closest twin. The girl in question noticed instantly and paled.

"Josh, no."

"Josh, yes!" the other twin exclaimed.

"Traitor, no! Josh!"

Poor girl should have known better.

Just because she was older didn't mean she was safe from the tickles. From the side, Phillip simply looked at them fondly, chuckling to himself as Joshua decided to be equitable and tickle the other twin too. Joshua could understand that, really. It was nice, just how things had been in the past. A reminder of better times, in a way.

It was a shame that he couldn't stay for too long, really, but Joshua had things to do. As time passed, it seemed that his days were getting more and more busy, actually. The only silver lining was that he enjoyed much of what he did, from tinkering with magic to teaching and so on. That day though, there was a reason he had to leave a little early too, and that was that he'd be setting up a ward array around Phil's house. Joshua didn't like thinking about it, but just by visiting the man from time to time he could be making him a target. As such, he'd make sure that one of his only nice relatives was protected.

"It went well?" Jeanne asked when he teleported back home, being just a second too slow with her greeting. As it was, Morag beat her to the punch, jumping and latching to his back as if she were a living backpack. "Did they like the clothes?" his sister added, fidgeting with her hands nervously.

"They loved them," he reassured her with a smile that only grew as Jeanne relaxed. "And the defenses are up. You should come with me next time though. I'm sure they'll love you."

"You sure?" she couldn't help but question, which almost annoyed him. He knew it wasn't because of him or his family though. It was about her and her family. 'Which reminds me, I should give them the Sarah treatment,' he thought coldly, even as he plastered a friendly expression on his face. On the back of his mind, he felt Nagini's harsh approval. There was a thought, maybe the serpent could help out.

"I'm sure," he repeated. "They aren't Sarah, they'll be nice to you. It just might be a bit awkward to explain our relationship and all that. The supernatural is much more accepting of unconventional stuff than the mundane, after all."

"It's fine," she waved off with a nervous smile. "I can deal with awkward no problem."

"That's the spirit."

[}-o-{]​

"Not bad, not bad at all," Joshua said, parrying a sword with his daggers. His own weapons felt off in his hands, but that was to be expected really. At least they were doing their jobs as they should, despite the uncomfortable feeling he got just from holding them.

'Who knew there'd be that much of a difference between Holy and Demonic daggers,' he mused, continuing his spar against Kiba as he tried to get used to the Demonic weapons. 'Expected, maybe, but I just didn't think they would feel like this. Holy Daggers don't feel this different from normal daggers when holding them, despite the difference in regards to sensing and wards.'

Something to keep in mind. In a way, actually, the Demonic weapons seemed to be to Holy ones what Hexes were to Wards. Very similar, but also very different. Where Wards and Holy Artifacts were stoic and purposeful, Hexes and Demonic Artifacts were restless and wicked. 'Interesting that. I should look into it some more.'

Which wouldn't even require Kiba to be around, really, unless he really wanted to wield the things while testing. He still had Setan Kober, after all, and maybe it was time to try using it. His Mind Resistance was pretty high at level 43, after all. Surely that was enough to at least not go on a rampage.

'Maybe I should focus on the current issue at hand,' Joshua told himself with a self-deprecating grin as he continued sparring against Rias's Knight while the rest of her peerage practiced around them, with Jeanne and his familiars. The blond swordsman was, as it turned out, pretty good. Good enough to be at his sister's level, which was impressive, considering that she was a Hero Descendant and he was not.

"You are too rash," Joshua said, as he continued blocking. If Jeanne grew irritated whenever he got a pseudo-hit on her, Kiba seemed to be even worse. Each mistake seemed to drive the Knight positively mad. "Calm yourself. All getting angry does it narrow your vision and dull your thoughts," he advised, knowing it probably wouldn't stick. With some luck, the guy would remember the words later on and work on it.

Joshua found it slightly entertaining though, the fact that he sounded like an old master instead of someone that had been fighting for a little over a year. Maybe it was the system, or maybe he just had a naturally cooler head and that helped him, or maybe it was both or something else. He wasn't sure what was the cause of the whole thing, but it was weird. Nice, but weird.

"I know," the boy growled, belying that no, he didn't know.

"You are pushing harder than other times," Joshua noted, dearly hoping that his actions hadn't caused a change in the plot. The only thing he could relate to Kiba getting progressively more annoyed and angry was the Holy Sword arc. It didn't make sense, of course, considering that there should be two arcs before that, if Joshua's memory wasn't failing him.

Then again, he'd already thrown canon out of the window, but what could he have done to accelerate that part? A number of things came to mind, which made him grimace. However, it didn't make sense for Kiba to be affected if Joshua had somehow sped up Kokabiel's mess. Unless something had happened in one of the Knight's deals, he would have picked up something with his wards around Kuoh. Furthermore, he rather doubted Kokabiel or whoever was helping him would just… annoy Kiba and leave it at that.

Still, Joshua found himself impressed. Especially when he blocked a sword only for Kiba's hand to continue on its way as if he had hit nothing. That was Joshua's first clue, which made him step back with a frown. Sure enough, it seemed that his opponent had decided to be a little more tricky than usual. The sword he'd thought he blocked hadn't even been where his dagger had moved to stop it. 'An illusion, huh?'

Unfortunately for Kiba, his new trick being ineffective seemed to be the last nail in his coffin as far as the spar was concerned.

"I think that's enough," he announced, after placing one of his daggers in what would have been an uncomfortably close distance to someone's neck for a normal person. Kiba, instead, just huffed, glaring at him like he'd personally offended him. "Cool your head, we can spar some more after that. You aren't getting anywhere as is."

"I'm fine," Kiba hissed.

"No, you are not," Joshua said, raising an eyebrow at him. "Now, calm yourself and come back later."

"Fuck," the Knight cursed, making Joshua's other eyebrow join the first. Yes, Kiba usually let his hidden temper get the better of him during spars, but he usually kept it well controlled, even if it clearly affected his fighting. "Sorry, I just…" the boy started, before sighing. "I thought I would do better, is all."

"Don't worry about it, you did great," Joshua told him, getting a dubious expression from the blonde. "Better than other times, for sure. You were more creative with your swords, for one. Normally you just counter whatever your opponent uses against you or use some simple elemental swords, which is fine, if a little too straightforward in my opinion. Today though, you were a little more indirect. The illusion swords were unexpected, I'll tell you that. Nice idea to make swords that fool the opponent through their senses."

"I guess it was too much to expect it to work perfectly the first time, huh?" Kiba asked, looking entirely too frustrated for Joshua's liking.

"Yeah, you could say that. Might have something to do with the fact that I use illusions myself, too," he replied nevertheless, because he didn't want to lie to the blonde. That didn't seem to reassure the boy much, if the grimace that appeared on his mind was any indication. "Still, that's what spars are for, right? Train and test stuff so that you can do better later."

"Yeah," Kiba answered, although he didn't sound very convinced. "I just…" he started before trailing off and running a hand through his hair. "I really wanted to do well today."

"Any reason for that?" Joshua asked, tilting his head curiously. The way Kiba tensed up at the question was very suspicious for him, especially because he didn't get cagey as he expected. Instead he looked nervous and… sheepish.

"I wanted to impress you," the boy replied, making Joshua blink repeatedly. "I wanted to ask for your permission for something." That more than anything, clued him as to what was likely going on.

"Permission for what?" Joshua asked, narrowing his eyes.

"I… I want to ask Jeanne out," Kiba said, straightening his back. "You are very important to her."

"So, you wanted my blessing or something?" Joshua said, raising an eyebrow. The Knight replied to that with a stiff nod. "Relax, man. You aren't asking for her hand in marriage. Jeanne can go on dates with whoever she wants," told him with a chuckle.

"Thank you," Kiba said instantly, letting out a long and very relieved sigh.

"But if you hurt her, I promise you that nobody will find your body after I'm done experimenting with it," Joshua told him, his grin changing from friendly to predatory as he activated Bloodlust. Over his bond, he felt all four of his familiars turn to look at Kiba. "If my familiars leave anything after they are through with you, that is." To punctuate that, Nagini gave Kiba her best glare, which was quite impressive in its own right.

"I… expected that," the Knight, to his credit, replied. He did look rather pale, but he still stood tall. Good. "I promise I'll do my best. I really like her, she's… very different from what I'm used to."

"You don't have to tell me those things, prince charming. It ain't me the one you wanna impress," Joshua told him, deciding that that brief moment of intimidation was enough and leaving it at that. "Good luck, man."

With that, Joshua summoned himself a bottle of water while Kiba moved to the side where there were a bunch of them set. The fact that Jeanne was there too was mere coincidence, he was sure. Chuckling, he turned to look around a bit while everyone trained. 'Wonder what goes on in that school. I could have sworn that Jeanne's crush was more one-sided.' Then again, he wasn't privy to much of what went on at Kuoh, only what Jeanne told him. Evidently, that wasn't enough to know everything, likely on purpose.

'Better than Issei, I guess,' he mused with a wry smile.

"I thought he'd have more trouble," someone said from next to Joshua and he turned to see Rias.

"Honestly, do you take me for a violent person?"

"Not really, unless it's related to someone you care for," she answered and he nodded. Because it was a perfectly correct guess, really.

"There's no point in scaring him off of Jeanne," he replied with a shrug. "She likes him, and I'm sure you know that. And even if that wasn't the case, she's free to do whatever she wants. If she wants to give someone a chance, she can go ahead. I'll get involved when I think she needs me, which she doesn't right now."

Jeanne was good enough to take care of herself, really. And even if she could make mistakes, the Voices would surely intervene then. If even those didn't work, there was the fact that she would be hard pressed to hide something from him if it came to that and Cheshire would no doubt pick up on anything that might be wrong.

"Hm, she's lucky to have you," Rias said and it dawned on Joshua that maybe, just maybe, the Gremory girl was drawing a few parallels between herself and Jeanne. The cases didn't seem all that similar to him, if at all, but that wouldn't stop her from doing that, he guessed. Understandable, since it was probably in her head a whole lot.

"I just do the best I can," he said simply, not wanting to give the girl a promise he couldn't keep to make her feel better. Maybe there was a more tasteful way to reply to her, or some other less dramatic way to make her feel better. If there was though, it didn't come to Joshua, unsurprisingly.

"Yeah," Rias said with a sad smile. "Thank you again for letting us train here. We both know that you could get in trouble for this."

"Let them try to get me in trouble," Joshua told her, waving her gratitude off with a grin. He'd already consulted with Yasaka and she'd told him that he could easily avoid getting himself in trouble if it came to that. It'd mean him making some political moves that he'd rather avoid, doing works for certain people and such, but it was possible. It wasn't like he wanted to do that, but he was starting to accept that it was probably something that he would need to get more progress into his fight against Khaos Brigade.

'But damn it if I'll avoid politics as much as I can,' he thought to himself.

"Besides, it's not that much. I've told you that you can come more often," he added, giving her an exasperated look. She had the decency to look sheepish, at least, even if he could tell she'd be stubborn.

"I know that you can take care of any trouble this could cause," she told him with a determined expression that told him all he needed to know about what would follow that statement. "But it doesn't mean I'll take advantage of you that way. You are already doing a lot for me, so the least I can do is try to make things easier for you, Joshua."

"You are entirely too stubborn, Rias."

"So people keep telling me," she replied with an unrepentant grin.

"I wonder why," he said with a wry grin. "Cute as that is, try not to sabotage yourself, yeah?" To that, the redhead had, once more, the decency to look sheepish, looking down with a slight dusting of pink on her cheeks. "With that said, you've progressed a fair bit since the first time you were here, which makes me wonder if someone might not have been training as they should."

To that, Rias looked off to the side.

"I… I didn't think I had a chance to begin with. I thought I'd fail anyway so I just… spent my time complaining and doing the things I thought I wouldn't get to in the future," Rias admitted before her shoulders slumped. "Not the best of decisions, but it's what I did. Now… Now I feel like I could make it."

"Well, at least you've started already. That's better than nothing," Joshua told her before nodding. "With that out of the way, I think it's as good a time as any to talk some strategy. You feel up to it?"

"Sure," she agreed easily, beaming at him.

With some luck, if he failed with his Phoenix spell idea, she'd be able to beat Riser on the Rating Game. Hell, maybe she wouldn't even need Issei. Speaking of, he wasn't very sure what she would do with his recent addition to his cafe, but Joshua didn't feel like getting involved at the moment. Maybe later, if he didn't like the redhead's odds.

Thoughts for later, he had strategy to talk with her right then and there.

[}-o-{]​

"Not the place I thought you'd like to go with me, I gotta admit," Joshua commented while under an illusion that made him look like a man with blond hair straighter than his own. Funnily enough, his blue eyes remained, although eye color wasn't very important, he supposed. With his facial features changed too, he was still unrecognizable.

"I just thought it'd be more… normal, or something," Kunou said from next to him, with her features changed to look very similar to his own. With her hair already being blonde, she'd had to, instead, style it differently, which she'd done by simply tying it back much like he had. She had made sure that it was much less messy than usual too, leaving a single bang out of the ponytail. It made them look even more similar, really. If he was remembering right, it also made them look rather similar to certain characters, amusingly enough, but he kept that thought to himself.

"I mean, I guess?" he replied, looking around from where they sat at the ramen stand. In front of them, the woman working there looked at them, or more precisely Kunou, like they were the cutest thing she'd ever seen, but otherwise left them to their own devices. Just in case though, Joshua was casting illusion sounds to change what she and everyone else heard of their conversation. At least when they were talking about anything that shouldn't be heard. "Whatever makes you happy. Anything in mind for afterwards?"

"I just… wanna walk around, if that's fine," Kunou mumbled before eating from her bowl. "I'm sure we'll find something. I just wanted to be able to go around and call you dad in front of others."

"And you'll get to do that a whole lot, I'm sure," Joshua told her with a grin. "So, how are you liking the food. I'm sure it's very different from what you usually eat."

"It's good, dad," she replied instantly, smiling in a way that made him want to hug her. "I thought it'd be much worse, really. It's not the best thing in the world, but it's still pretty good."

"Just because it's from a stand and it's cheap doesn't mean it's bad," Joshua told her, shaking his head. "It won't win any contests, but it sells because it's good."

"I guess. I just hadn't thought about it much," Kunou said. A moment later though, she looked at the stand woman and then around them thoughtfully. Then, her smile returned, wider than before. "Everyone that looks at us immediately thinks you are my father," she told him before looking down at her food, still looking very pleased with herself.

"You talked about that a lot, but… I mean, you could still pass as my daughter even with how we look normally, couldn't you?" he commented, drawing the girl's full attention. "I mean, yeah, we don't look very alike, but that can be said to be just because you take after your mother, which is true. Your hair actually looks more like mine than hers, even if the color is different," he explained with a soft smile. It wasn't even a lie, really, but he got where she was coming from. She liked the idea of people knowing, or at least thinking, that he was her father.

It was unlikely to happen in reality though, so she'd come up with this make-believe "game". It was sad, really, and Joshua so wanted to make it a reality for her, but that was a can of worms that was better left unopened. He could only imagine the kind of problems that would make for Yasaka, and that was without considering what it would mean for Kunou herself and him. And yet…

"Hm, that's true, I guess," Kunou mumbled, her voice going even lower in volume afterwards, which meant that he didn't catch what she said. When he turned to look at her, she blushed a little. "Nothing, just complaining about other things."

"So…" he started, deciding to save her the embarrassment of whatever it was that she'd whispered to herself. "Have you looked into any more of the cards?"

"Yeah!" she exclaimed enthusiastically, seemingly more than happy with the topic change. "Could we change the Attack/Defense thing? I think it'd be more fun if we did it like other games do, with a health amount for the Units that goes down depending on the damage they take. Would that be too much work, dad?"

"I mean, it probably would," he admitted with a half-smile. "But if you want to do it that way, sure. We can go over the cards we have and change them. We could even save those ideas and make two different games, really."

"That's a great idea, dad!" she replied, and he could almost see the stars shining in her eyes. "Two games with one set of cards… Um, doesn't sound that well said like that," she mumbled, clicking her tongue. "So, any new cards in mind?"

"I mean, I was thinking about having a set of cards be about normal things. Like, mundane people as units and stuff like that," he explained, looking around them. "Could even have a ramen stand as a unit, you get what I mean?" he told her and she blinked before looking around curiously.

"And it could combo with a cook unit, and stuff like that?" Kunou asked, looking at the woman in front of them with narrowed eyes. The woman herself simply looked between them with an expression that was both amused and bemused. She probably wasn't understanding anything they were saying, but at least it was normal enough that he could leave what they were saying uncensored. "That sounds fun, dad."

"Sure is, it was my idea," he boasted jokingly, making her roll her eyes.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Man, I know that barely anything happens in this story's chapters and that this has turned into more of a Slice of Life story than anything else… But I regret nothing. I really like writing this as I am, so if it's not your cup of tea, then I apologize. I've said it before, but one of my main focuses is to write stories that I would like to read. Doesn't mean that if I get a wave of 100% bad feedback I won't decide to change something, but so long as there's people supporting my way of writing, I'll feel no need for that.

Don't ask me why I felt the need to say all that. I've got no idea.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Vampires or werewolves? I like werewolves more.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 246 others
Adrian King
Jul 14, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 72 - Messing With a Beast New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#283
Messing With a Beast

[Unknown Student]

"Ok, so who wants to go first?"

Professor Davis was crazy.

He had obviously lost his mind, there was no doubt in the minds of any of the students. If he were sane, there was no way he would be asking what he was of them. Surely this was some kind of test, right? That had to be it. It was to make them realize that they weren't ready. Bring them back down to Earth after raising them up with all his teaching. Or maybe it was to slap the people that had been more vocal about their dislike of him as of late?

Yeah, those theories made sense.

"Can I go first, Professor Davis?"

Obviously, not all the students had been in mental agreement, it seemed. Then again, Meredith Ordinton was far from a normal student, just like Joshua Davis was far from a normal teacher. Not to say that she was monstrously separated from the rest of them, pitiful mortals, like the man they were learning from, of course. However, she was much more in tune with Davis's teachings, she was always there, right in the middle of any discussion that happened in class. She was always there to answer when a question was asked by Davis.

She was the student in the class, that was for sure.

Apparently, the rest of the students had to add stupidly brave to her descriptors.

"Nobody else?" Joshua asked, looking around as if curious about why they didn't want to risk their lives, their reputations or both. He was a mad bastard and it seemed unlikely that he'd ever stop reminding them of this fact, however unknowingly he did it. "Ok then. I'll give you all a moment while I set things up. I've got some testing of my own to do," he said, as if that were a normal thing to do.

Maybe it was, for him that is.

Thus, every single student focused intently on their teacher as he moved. They'd seen him cast some things, but it was mostly Storage Spells and illusions. The first was fairly well known, even if not as much as the Magical Signal Spell, and the latters were… fancy tricks, for the most part. Especially on the level that Professor Davis cast them.

So, everyone was rather excited to see their teacher cast something else. That feeling grew even more prominent when the man pulled out a drawn circle from a Storage Spell. That meant that this was going to be huge. It meant that whatever the spell was, it was out of Davis's normal capabilities to cast, which would mean something rather powerful. Now there were whispers among the students, theories running wild about what he was about to cast.

Then Davis surprised them all once more.

"Pretty sure that's not a wardstone," Ordinton commented jokingly and nobody had the courage to comment on that statement of the obvious. Mostly because they were now intrigued. The object that Davis had taken out of a Storage Spell this time was… something leathery and upon closer inspection, it looked like a bat's wing. That wasn't the only thing though.

Soon, it was revealed that it wasn't one circle that Profressor Davis had taken out, as he spread several sheets on the floor. Then, he started taking out more components, all of them seeming to be beast pieces of some kind. There were eyes, ears, tongues, some kind of needle that seemed out of place between the others. No questions were asked though, the students were still fearful that their teacher would react negatively to one. That had mostly gone away during class, but this didn't seem to be related to a lecture or an exercise. This was Joshua casting a spell of his own for some reason. It was better to be cautious about this kind of thing, else they unknowingly insult him.

"I'm forgetting something…" Davis mumbled, pausing in his preparations. A rather dangerous statement, really, considering what he was doing, nevermind the fact that he was supposedly testing something. A few students shuffled on their feet, their desire to learn more battling against their self preservation instincts. "Oh, right," he exclaimed mildly as he snapped his fingers.

A circle appeared in the air and there appeared… a snake.

'A large snake,' the students realized, looking at the monstrous thing that looked like it'd have no problems swallowing one of them whole, like a normal serpent would a rat. The beast's head moved from side to side, slowly, very deliberately looking at the students as if assessing them. Assessing them for what, they couldn't begin to guess, but they could only hope it wouldn't be for actual eating.

"Nagini, I didn't interrupt anything, I hope?" Davis greeted, raising a hand and scratching the underside of the monstrous snake like it was a dog or a cat. Then again, everyone had heard the teacher speak of his familiars at least once, they'd even met two of them during classes a few times, Cheshire and Margalo. It was quite the contrast though, to go from a cat and a bird to such a… beast. "Now, don't be too mean to my students, yeah? I gotta set some things up so they don't kill themselves," their teacher said, getting a huff from the serpent before it coiled on itself as if it were going to sleep.

None of the students could feel too reassured about the fact that there would be actual measures taken for their testing. Mainly because the snake, Nagini, was still looking at them all with her piercing eyes. There was something about those, something that unsettled them more than just the instinctual fear of something that could very easily kill them. There was something more there, like it was taunting them, poking their souls and finding them wanting.

And then they forgot about the familiar's presence.

Their focus snapped towards Joshua Davis, as the man cast his magic. Not because they'd noticed and wanted to get a close look, even though they did, but because of the shift that occurred around them. No longer did they feel like they were in a simple training field provided by House of Water with their teacher and an admittedly scary serpent. Suddenly, there was something more with them.

Those few students that could sense magic better would later explain to everyone else. It was like feeling a magical beast, a monster of legend, stalking around them. It was waiting, watching, biding its time or maybe contained. It was in front of them, behind them and all around them. It was…

"Well, that's that. So," Davis called out, clapping as he cracked his neck and turned to look at them. "Meredith, you were first, right?" he asked, and the usually bright and eager student gulped nervously, suddenly not so sure. "Don't worry about spell failure, that's what the hexes I set up are for."

Hexes, not wards.

'How many branches does he practice?' the students couldn't help but wonder in awe.

"So, go ahead," Davis urged his star student who nodded resolutely. Taking a deep breath in, she brought up the sheet in her hands with the drawn circle. Their teacher had instructed them to cast it with a physical circle, after all. That way they could make sure that the failure, if there was one, was because of the circle and not their visualization of a spell that basically hadn't existed before they made it. A sensible measure, even if some students felt like that was beneath them.

It had been a while since most of them had discarded the use of physical circles after all. It was common for magicians to simply move on to casting with magically made circles as soon as they could. After all, someone using a physical circle was, usually and to the eyes of the world, an apprentice. Someone that was just learning the ropes of things. Most of the time, at least.

A physically drawn circle meant one of two things in the supernatural. Either the caster didn't know or was unsure of what he was doing, or they were casting something outside of their normal magical reserves, which was something that wasn't usually practiced. For the sake of the class though? Everyone had brought their circles and nobody had said a single thing about that to Professor Davis.

It was difficult to look down on the man for doing things like that when he was leagues ahead of them even while having been in the supernatural world for a fraction of the time. Joshua Davis certainly had a way to make them look at things differently, that was for sure. Some of those the students still didn't know if they were for good or bad.

Regardless of all that, Meredith Ordinton cast the spell and the students had to wonder how she managed. Having Davis, his familiar and his hexes so intensely focused on one could very easily disturb their concentration. Maybe that was part of some test? Food for thought, they guessed.

"Good job. It wasn't quite as strong as it was supposed to be though," Professor Davis commented. "You'll have to go over that circle again. If you have any doubts, remember to ask."

"Yes, Professor Davis, thank you," Meredith replied, looking very pleased with herself despite the partial success. To be fair, it really was an accomplishment in and on itself.

"Next," Davis called and when nobody moved, he raised an unimpressed eyebrow at them. "I thought we were past this phase, guys. Come on. Don't make me do something drastic," he threatened.

What something drastic was, the students had no idea. However, nobody missed how the serpent behind the man raised her head and looked at them. For a second, they could have sworn that she smiled at them.

"I'll… go next, Professor Davis," a young man said, raising their hand and looking rather pale.

"Thank you," their teacher said exasperatedly. "Go ahead, nothing will go wrong. I've got you."

That student was also a partial success, it seemed, with his spell having worked but not quite reaching as far as it should. The third attempt, now much less nervous, worked perfectly. However, it did involve much smaller changes than the others, so it made some sense. The fourth attempt was too powerful, considering its intended effect. The fifth went without problem either. The sixth…

"Well, that went… pretty well, actually," Davis commented, tilting his head as he looked back at the student, a younger, rather shy girl. He remembered her from class, although he couldn't quite place which or what she had said. "Can I look at that circle?"

"Ah, of course, P-Professor Davis," the girl stammered, clearly nervous with the attention she was receiving, especially because none of the other students had elicited such a reaction from their teacher.

"What's your name?" the man asked, making the poor girl freeze where she stood.

"Ah, um… K-Karin. No, er, no last name," she told him.

"Karin, I want to talk with you about this change you made here," Professor Davis told her, pointing at a particular part of the circle. "Did you bring your notes with you?"

"Ah, I-I didn't. We were to-to bring-"

"Only the circle, yeah," Davis finished absently while looking back at the drawing. "That's fine. Could you bring your notes for the next class? I want to see how you got to this."

"Of course, Professor Davis," the girl squeaked, before all but running away towards the- "Ah, sorry," she mumbled as she turned around and took the circle with her. "Thank you, Professor Davis," she whispered almost inaudibly under their teacher's amused gaze.

"So, next?" the man asked, turning towards the group once more.

"I'll go next, Davis," a young man announced and several students gave him disbelieving and some insulted looks. That was rather disrespectful of him, to not address the man by his title. Then again, he was part of the students that were miffed by the man's uncaring attitude towards just who the students were, but it was still shocking to see such a public display.

"Go ahead," Professor Davis replied with, waving his hand to urge the man. It was quite the contrast, to see what was obviously an insult to the man's face be shrugged off as if it were nothing. Their teacher was smiling even, as if literally nothing had happened.

Clicking his tongue, the student went ahead with the demonstration.

Only, it didn't quite go as he planned, evidently. Almost as soon as he cast the spell and the circle lit up, it started shining too much. It didn't take a genius to know what was happening. The spell was failing and rather catastrophically at that.

Now, a failing spell could do a number of things and it was never a certainty which one it would be. Some spells just dissipated on their own, the magic practically evaporating and joining the rest of ambient energy around the caster. Some spells would "work" throwing off one or several aspects of the magic that was being cast to cause all sorts of problems. There were many more options besides those, of course, and the unstableness of the failing spell meant that one could never be sure, even if they cast the spell exactly the same way again.

This one, in particular, resulted in the same thing that every student had feared when they were told what they'd be doing that day.

The spell exploded.

Or, it would have, really.

At once, several things happened, and no student caught all of it. However, they sure were able to share it with one another after the fact. No way they wouldn't talk about such an event, really. There were many things of interest involved in the whole thing, the least important of which being that the boy, one with quite the backing if one were to trust his word, was the first to fail in the class and rather spectacularly at that.

The first thing that happened after the spell failed was that Professor Davis made shield spells appear all around the young student and between him and his spell. It was the one thing every student got to see, since it was so noticeable. That and to see anything else they literally had to see through the holes on the spell circles, after all.

The second thing that happened was that Professor Davis's familiar, Nagini, snapped into action. The gigantic snake moved with unexpected speed, practically flying next to the student. She glared at him, and several students said her eyes were shining, while her tail wrapped around his waist. Immediately after, the animal threw the young man away from the spell before soon following.

The third thing was something that shook all of them, even if not all could tell exactly what had happened. For those more in tune with magic and sensing, they felt the hexes their teacher had placed hone in on the spell. A second later, the energy that was just about to reach everywhere with much more force than it had any business having imploded instead.

Those people shivered, feeling Professor Davis's spells literally devour the failure like a pack of wolves would a weakened animal. The things jumped on it, and attacked with such viciousness that they felt in danger themselves. The rabid beasts that were those spells didn't so much as glance their way though, and once the energy of the failure was dissipated, they went back to lurking on the edges of the field they were in, waiting once more.

"Well, that could have gone better," Professor Davis commented, looking entirely unaffected by the events that had transpired. "Next time, maybe you won't put more magic than necessary into a spell that you aren't sure of, young man."

The student, who was now under the gaze of literally everyone in the field, freaks of magic that were Davis's hexes included, got up from where he'd been thrown on the floor. He had the decency to look apologetic, but few had any doubts that it was mostly for show. Especially considering the way he replied to their teacher's words.

"I'm sorry, Professor Davis," he muttered, as if merely saying the words caused him pain. "It won't happen again," he all but growled.

"See that it doesn't," Davis commented with a nod before turning to the group of students. "Now, who's next?" When nobody answered his question, the man raised an eyebrow. Before he could tell them anything though, someone raised their hand. "Great, got me scared there for a second, guys," the man said with a chuckle as he signaled for that student to position themselves.

Little did he know that the reason they'd offered to go was because, suddenly, nobody wanted to know what "something drastic" was for Professor Davis. Certainly not when he could take a failing spell, something that was supposed to be stuff of nightmares for magicians, since they tended to break any and all logic even when regarding magic, and make it disappear like one would a speck of dust by blowing on it. Suddenly, next to the respect and gratitude the class held for their teacher, there was a healthy amount of fear.

"Don't be afraid to fail, guys," Professor Davis told them, likely picking up on their mood and severely misunderstanding it. "I certainly won't get mad. I'm getting to learn quite a few things too, I gotta say," he added, looking towards where he'd set up his hexes. Then he turned towards them, giving them a grin that sent shivers down more than one spine. "I'm gathering all sorts of information from this with my spells, honestly."

He was using their exercise as a testing ground. He was gathering information, even of failing spells. Suddenly, the students were afraid, very much afraid, of Professor Davis. Because if he could be so incredibly scary while taking care of them and teaching them…

What would he be like, if he were an enemy?

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"Ok, I think we've gone over most of the spells cast that needed more attention," he told his students, now back at the classroom. "Work on all the ones that didn't go perfectly well and we'll continue like this. For those of you that got the modification to work, we'll see how the next testing round goes and you'll be helping anyone that still needs help."

Nobody protested, but Joshua picked up on some annoyance from around the room. If he was honest, fair. He could understand not wanting to work with other people. Group projects had been the bane of his existence in highschool. He couldn't very well have some people move on from what they were working on and not others though. That'd just needlessly complicate matters and he'd rather not.

"That's all for today," he and the students paused when they heard a hiss. "Right, thank Nagini for her help with today's class and then it'll be all for today," he said, giving his familiar an unimpressed look.

Much to his surprise, there was a chorus of "thank you, Nagini" around the room, before people started leaving. Well, that was nice of them to humor the prideful serpent, at least. Joshua had to wonder if that would go to her head though, that'd be… Well, a problem for future him, he supposed.

"Was that really necessary?" he asked his familiar with a raised eyebrow. To that, Nagini simply gave her version of a huff and turned her nose up. "And you wonder why Kunou likes the others more," he added, receiving a very offended hiss.

"Professor Davis?" someone called and Joshua turned to face this person. A frown formed on his face though, when he didn't pick up on any magic or life with his senses. And yet, there she was, a woman right there, with tan skin and long dark blue hair. He didn't think he'd seen her in his class but then again, he might have just forgotten. She didn't have the House of Water emblem, so he knew she wasn't part of the staff.

"Yes? What can I help you with, Miss?" he asked, feeling as Nagini twisted her neck so that her head peeked over his left shoulder, with her body on his right. His familiar was also on the verge of glaring right at the woman, just because of how unnerved he was that he couldn't sense the woman at all.

"Hm, the last of your students has gone far enough, I think," the woman mumbled, walking towards him from the back of the classroom. As her feet stepped down the stairs, he felt whatever it was that hid her go away.

His back straightened and his eyes narrowed. Behind him, Nagini did much the same, this time glaring for real. It was a good thing that she didn't actually put her magic into that, because… Well, the woman in front of them wasn't someone he wanted to try and antagonize, that was for sure.

That amount of energy, both in magic and life… It couldn't be from a normal person. It reminded him of Yasaka, of Azazel, of Serafall, of Gabriel… And yet, nothing like those either.

"I was confused for a good while, I'll admit," the woman said, as if she were commenting on the weather as she got closer. "Don't get me wrong, you are a pretty good magician. Impressive and all that, but… I didn't know why he told me to come and see."

"I have literally no idea what you are talking about, just saying," Joshua replied, when it looked like she was looking for an answer of some kind. He was very confused, if he was being honest. Did he know this woman from somewhere or something? He didn't think so.

"I'm getting to that," the woman waved away with a short laugh that sounded entirely too sophisticated. Joshua didn't even know one could laugh that way. "The fact that you can modify spells so easily was very interesting, I'll admit, but it just wasn't enough for me, no offense."

Joshua just stared at her, because really, he just wanted to know what was going on.

"But that use of Hex Magic you did?" the woman started then, green eyes almost shining. "Now that is something I can certainly appreciate. That's not normal, that's… Something is going on there. Magic likes you, Joshua Davis."

"That's neat, I like magic too," he replied with a slight shrug.

"So, yes, I think you'll do nicely," the woman said, ignoring his words and walking closer until she was at arms reach from him. "He picked very well, it seems. And I see what he's doing too, everyone does. Now though, he might get some more backing for his little scheme."

Behind him Nagini was tilting her head, and Joshua could relate. All she was saying was pretty interesting and all, but there was this big piece of the puzzle that the woman seemed to really enjoy avoiding. It was a little annoying, yes, but he knew it'd come eventually, so he just listened. Besides, again, he didn't think upsetting the woman in front of him was a good idea.

"What to do though? What would be a good one for you?" the woman asked, although she had to be talking to herself, really. As she did, she brought her index finger to her chin thoughtfully, looking him up and down. "I see, so he did that. That's nice and all but… maybe I can do something better for you. After all, you'll be getting plenty of attention soon enough. More than you already are getting."

Well, finally something he could understand, even if he wished he couldn't. That was quite concerning to hear…

"Good luck, Joshua Davis. We'll have our eyes on you," the woman said, before banishing. Just as he was about to ask what the fuck was going on, he heard a distant laugh. Then, a screen appeared in front of him, but it wasn't blue. No, instead, it was tan colored with an ankh seemingly engraved in the background.

[New Perk Acquired: Minor Blessing of Nephthys]

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I wasn't planning for this chapter to go for so long with only that one House of Water scene but… It happened, so I guess we have to deal with it, right? At least I think it's a pretty neat scene, all things considered.

We also finally know why Shed wanted Joshua to take that job, so there's that too.

And we go deeper down the Egyptian rabbit hole too. Fun stuff.

Anyway, hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: No idea what to ask, so, how are you liking the story?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 269 others
Adrian King
Jul 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 73 - Starts With a Broken Heart New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#287
Starts With a Broken Heart

Joshua didn't even know what to think as he looked between the screen of his system and the screen of his computer.

[Minor Blessing of Nephthys

Increases the potential of the user to connect with Magics.

Increases the ability of the user to learn skills related to Magics.]

'Nice effect, I guess,' he mused wryly as his hand petted Cheshire on his lap and Morag played with his hair while hanging from his back. 'Definitely good, that's for sure,' he continued, calling for another screen from his system.

[Ward Magic – Lvl 61/125

Determines the user's ability to utilize Ward Magic.

Increases affected area while utilizing Ward Magic by 61%.

Increases magic potency while utilizing Ward Magic by 30.5%.

Ward Spells: 12]

'25 more levels available, which is less than the blessing of Shed did for the other skills… but it is a weaker blessing for the moment,' Joshua thought, humming as he looked through the rest of the Magic branch skills that looked pretty much the same, even if they had different levels at the moment. The best part of it all was that it added another 25 levels to Spell Modification too, which was great. Especially since Joshua had been about to max that skill. 'That ability to learn skills related to Magics part though… Does that mean those will rise faster?'

He wouldn't get an answer, but he guessed that if it was that, he'd notice. Or so he hoped, at least. His skills weren't very fast increasing as of late, but then again, maybe the boost wouldn't be very noticeable. If the speed remained the same though, he'd be happy with just that, to be honest. Things were getting harder and harder to level up, after all, and the time for the plot was coming his way and he knew it.

With a sigh, he turned back to the computer.

'She was associated with mourning, the night/darkness, temple services, childbirth, the dead, protection, magic, health, embalming and beer,' he read with a slight grin appearing on his face before he chuckled.

"That's quite a bit more than you, isn't it, buddy?" he asked, taking the Charm of Shed and throwing it up and down in his hand. He was pretty sure the feeling he got from the artifact was the equivalent of a huff. "Gotta say though, I'm a fan of that last one. Man, it's been a while since I had a cold be-er…" he trailed off then, as a circle appeared on the desk and from it… "Thanks," he mumbled, taking the beer can with a bemused expression. It was very cold, which was great but still…

That was when he got a very smug feeling from the Charm. The strange part was that it didn't feel like Shed did. Joshua couldn't quite put his finger on the difference, but he knew it was someone else there. Nephthys, he supposed.

Looking at the artifact, he cast Appraisal on it.

Sure enough, something had changed.

[Charm of Egypt

Rank - B]

'Ah,' he thought, blinking in surprise before sighing. He wasn't sure how he was supposed to take that new information, so he pushed that to the side and focused on the more pressing matters. Except, he couldn't do that either, he was pretty sure.

"You guys are not gonna tell me what you want from me, are you?" Joshua asked, deflating where he sat. The amused feelings he got from both deities was a little annoying, he'd admit, but he was pretty sure they didn't want bad things for him. Cheshire didn't react at all to anything that was happening, so he took that as some reassurance. "I guessed as much," he mumbled, turning the computer off and taking a deep breath in.

With that done, put the Charm in his pocket and walked out of the room to make himself a cup of tea. He needed one to keep his mind calm. After that, he'd probably go over the information he'd gotten from the hexes and his student's spell modification attempts. There was some pretty interesting data to go through there, especially that Karin girl's. She'd done something that had, quite honestly, completely escaped him. That was interesting.

'Might be useful for the ever-changing spells. Haven't worked on those for a while,' Joshua mused. To be fair, he'd had much to work with and his progress there had slowed down a lot. Now though, he was starting to think that teaching might be the thing he needed to keep going. After all, what better way to have spells change how they work continuously than having a plethora of different takes on spells to use as a base.

For that, his students would need to get much better though. Especially considering that from a whole class, he'd only gotten one modification that had fit the bill. However, it was definitely something to look into.

"Josh?" Jeanne called, getting his attention as he walked into the living room with a cup of tea in his hands. "Can we talk?"

"Sure? What do you need?" Joshua asked, sitting in front of her at the table. "It's not that kind of talk, is it? You've just started dating Kiba, so I'd hope it's n-"

"Josh!" the girl protested loudly, making him chuckle as she turned bright red. "Be serious," she growled, pouting adorably.

"Sure, sure. What is it?"

"It's… kind of related, actually," she said, much to his surprise. "I was just thinking it's weird that, you know, you never showed interest in anyone. Unless you aren't attracted to women, which would be fine, but still-"

"I like women," he interrupted with a deadpan. "And I mean, why is that weird?" Joshua asked, blinking.

"Because we are surrounded by very attractive women?" she shot back, sounding just as confused.

"I mean, yes, but let's look at it like this," he started, rolling his eyes. "You didn't show interest in anyone before Kiba, that I noticed."

"I mean, Sairaorg was very handsome," Jeanne said, suddenly looking very embarrassed. He was surprised that she kept going though. She tended to shy away from topics like that once they came up. "But I thought he was a bit out of my league, honestly."

"And the women around us are not out of my league?" he asked this time with a chuckle before taking a sip from his drink. "Are you seeing the same people I'm seeing?" he added with a grin. "So, yeah, even if I was attracted, what'd be the point?"

"... Hmm, I guess," Jeanne replied, but he got the impression that she wasn't quite happy with that answer. It was how it was. Joshua couldn't quite change who he was, so… Yeah, he'd take what he could get. The look on his sister's face made him feel plenty nervous though. Fortunately, she seemed to drop the subject at that and went for a different topic. Eventually though, she left him to his own devices again.

Once he was alone though, Joshua deflated on his chair. Cheshire, perceptive girl that she was, jumped on his lap, rubbing her head against his chest. She was also soon followed by Margalo who started singing what he was sure was her Gentle Song. Through his bond, he felt Nagini and Morag's support too.

Even with all that, he couldn't help but chuckle bitterly.

"I'm a coward," he mumbled, placing a hand on top of his first familiar.

[}-o-{]​

[Sona Sitri]

She found herself back at Davis's cafe, as she was doing more and more often. The owner himself was around, which wasn't the case as often as one would expect, really. However, she wasn't there for him, really, nor had she been the other times either.

No, she was there because she enjoyed the place. The first visit, she'd gone to see just what had become of her work on the place and how it was going. Curiosity, for the most part. However, she'd taken a drink and sat at one of the tables for a while… And she found that it was quite an enjoyable experience, really.

There were no pressing concerns from school management that she'd taken as part of "student council" work. There were no trouble students to deal with or club issues to look into. There was only her drink and the homey feeling of the place, which she'd already given her compliments to Rias for. It was altogether a nice place to relax at.

"So-tan~" someone greeted, taking the seat in front of her and Sona sighed. She loved her sister dearly, but she could be a drain on her energy levels. On top of that, she'd have preferred to leave her out of the quiet place she'd found for herself. "I've missed you!"

"Could you please be quieter, sister?" Sona asked, trying to make it known how much she'd appreciate that. "And I've missed you too," she added. Because as much of an embarrassment and annoyance as Serafall could be, she'd always be her big sister too. The one person she could count on if she really needed something.

"I guess I can do that. Joshua would get annoyed with me too if I make a scene in here," her sister replied, turning to look at the aforementioned cafe owner. Sona, however, narrowed her eyes at her sister instead.

"You two spend a lot of time together," she pointed out, some pieces of a puzzle falling into place in her head. The picture they formed was strange, but the more she looked at it…

"I'm helping him with his project to help Ria-tan," Serafall replied with a shrug, still grinning widely. "How is she doing, by the way?"

"She's doing well," Sona answered calmly, taking a sip from her coffee. "Training with Joshua has done wonders to her confidence. She's like another person entirely, these days."

A bit of an exaggeration that, but it was true that Rias looked a lot more motivated now. Where she'd just been coasting through life before, now she put actual effort into the things she did. It also seemed to be a sentiment that passed on to the rest of her peerage. If she were honest, Sona was a little envious.

She had always known that she was the least talented of the two, but now that Rias was putting in the effort it was becoming more and more evident. She was happy for her best friend, she truly was, but it left her feeling the slightest bit bitter. Maybe she'd accompany them with her peerage whenever they went to train at Joshua's place.

"That's great to know. Sirzechs will be happy to hear that," Serafall said, before someone appeared to their side and left a drink for her.

"Enjoy… and don't cause a scene, please," Joshua told them, looking specifically at the older sister when he said that last part. To that, Serafall pouted at his retreating back, even as she picked up the drink and took a sip of it.

"Joshua's a meanie," Sona heard her mumble, making her hide a smile behind her own cup.

"You still like him," she pointed out.

"Of course I do. He's nice," Serafall agreed with no problem to which Sona was slightly surprised.

"I expected a denial, honestly."

"There's little to dislike about him," Serafall commented, thoughtfully stirring the drink in her cup. "He seems to have an allergy to politics though, which is kinda a problem."

"But…?" Sona prodded.

"But the real problem is that he doesn't seem even remotely interested," her sister replied with a pout. "I mean, look at this body, what's not to like?" she asked, only half-joking, as she struck a pose. Which caused poor Hyoudou to stumble where he'd been walking. Sona really hoped it wasn't going to cause the pervert to revert to his old ways.

Whatever Joshua and Jeanne were doing was really curving the boy's attitude and she could only hope that'd continue to be the case.

"Have you considered that he might be interested and you just don't notice?" Sona asked, because she had a hard time thinking that any man wouldn't be interested in her sister. Maybe it was because… Well, she was her sister, but still. She was beautiful, and if one ignored her silliness and such, she also had a great personality. Joshua, as far as Sona knew, was perfectly capable of looking past that.

"Hm… It could be, but why wouldn't I…?" Serafall started, before blinking. Sona had been witness to her sister's thoughtful epiphany expression several times. Occasionally it would happen when she was dealing with some issue involving her job as a Satan. "Hm… I have to check on something."

"Good luck," Sona said, watching her sister stand up and leave. It was a second later that she saw that the cup Serafall had was empty and that she'd left money to pay. Then she turned to see Joshua waiting some table on the other side of the shop and gave him a considering look.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"Hard at work again, huh?" her mother asked as she wrote down some things on a sheet of paper. "I wonder what you could possibly be working on. Couldn't be that card project you are working on with Joshua, could it?"

Kunou simply gave a slight smile before she finished writing down the card idea she'd just had. She'd have to ask her dad about it later, the next time she saw him. The little girl couldn't help the giddy feeling she got just from thinking that. Time passed and she still wasn't able to think or refer to Joshua as her dad without feeling like the happiest girl in the world. It was silly, she knew, but she couldn't help it.

"Wouldn't happen to be putting off your homework to work on that, would you?" her mother asked then, making her freeze where she sat. "Kunou?" Yasaka prodded, raising an eyebrow at her while Kunou deflated where she sat.

"I still have time," she argued weakly.

"Do your homework, Kunou," her mother demanded, making her pout. "You know Joshua will be disappointed if you continue skipping the things you have to do, right?" she added then, making her sulk even more as the girl pulled her homework from where she'd pulled it aside. "If you were this motivated with only me telling you to do stuff," the woman lamented jokingly.

"It's not that, it's just…" Kunou protested, getting stuck on the actual justification of her argument.

"It's just that he's new and you want him to like you," Yasaka explained, taking the words right out of her mouth, even if she hadn't quite found them before her mother spoke. "He's also not your real father and you know that, which makes it harder for you to think that he likes you even if he does."

Kunou didn't say anything to that, simply locking her eyes on her homework and feigning to actually be doing it.

"Silly Kunou," her mother whispered, running her fingers through the girl's hair. "Joshua loves you like you really are his daughter. I don't know how that happened so fast, but he does. I can feel it in his life energy, and I know you can too. So why is it so hard to believe?"

"But… What if he stops feeling like that? What if he gets tired of me?"

"What if he leaves?" her mother added then, the last question that Kunou hadn't quite been brave enough to voice being out in the open regardless. "He won't, sweetie. He's a far braver man than your father was, I can tell you that." Yasaka said it with a touch of bitterness and anger in her voice, not that Kunou could blame her. She'd dedicated more than one less than nice thought to her biological father after she heard of what he did.

"Then why…?" she started, before cutting herself off. It was a stupid question and it was also mean of her to ask. On top of that, she felt silly just thinking about it, really. Silly and greedy, and she didn't want to be either. It was just… she couldn't help it.

"Why what, Kunou?" her mother asked, to which she just shook her head.

"It's nothing."

"That wasn't nothing," Yasaka said, urging her to talk. "Talk to me, sweetie. You obviously care about what you were going to say."

"I just wonder… Why you liked father and not Joshua," Kunou mumbled, giving up under her mother's questioning gaze.

"Your father wasn't a bad person, Kunou. At least not before he did what he did," Yasaka answered slowly, and she could see how sad explaining was making her mother. This instantly made Kunou feel worse, but she knew that it'd be futile to try and wave the whole thing away. "I'd tell you about him, but I suspect that you are more focused on the second part of that statement than the first, aren't you?"

Kunou knew that her mother had likely picked up on that through life sensing, but it still was completely unfair how easy Yasaka could read her. How was she supposed to keep secrets from her mother if she knew basically everything that she felt? To protest against the unfairness of it all, Kunou remained silent. It wasn't like it'd do much, but it would make her feel better, and that was something.

"Joshua is a nice man," Yasaka continued then, getting Kunou's full attention. She didn't think she'd heard the woman speak of her dad in something that wasn't a political context or something impersonal like that. "He's caring, and affectionate, and he loves you. However… his mind and heart aren't in the right place for such things. He seems to have been a rather solitary person before. Something that seems to have gotten worse and better after some of the things he's lived through, of course, but still, romance isn't something he's ready for."

"But why?" Kunou asked, pouting. If there was one thing that she'd have loved, it was for her dad and her mother to get together. She was getting greedy, she knew, but she couldn't help it. Everything had gone so well for her as of late… Was it any surprise that she wanted more?

"It's easier for him to have familial relationships with people than it is any other kind. That's why he was so quick to adopt Jeanne as his sister and you as his daughter. He loves family and his… wasn't quite as welcoming for the most part. That, added to the fact that his parents died…" Her mother explained slowly and carefully. She understood that much, but still… "Friends and romance are harder for him to understand, that is what I'm trying to say. He has allies and family, so those are easier for him to welcome into his life."

"Still…"

"I know what you want, Kunou, but it's just not possible right now," Yasaka said with a smile, placing a comforting hand on Kunou's shoulder. The child, dejected, sighed to herself as she focused back on her homework.

That is, until her mind caught on to something. 'Right now?' she wondered, looking at her mother out of the corner of her eye. Yasaka, for her part, gave her a kind smile and remained silent.

[}-o-{]​

[Asia Argento]

"I don't understand!" she cried out as she was dragged towards the leader of the establishment she'd grown up in. "I just healed him, like I've done everyone else!"

"A hellspawn, that's what you healed!" one of the people "escorting" her hissed, making Asia reel back from the sheer venom in his voice. Nobody had ever talked to her like that, even if most people weren't very friendly with her to begin with. "To use a gift from God himself to heal a demon, you are a witch, a heretic. You are disgusting."

"Just you wait, witch," the one on her other side told her, grinning in a way that didn't look nice at all. "If you are lucky, you'll be out of here very soon. If not… Well, you'll repent for your sins in some other way, I'm sure."

"But, but you've taught me-" Asia tried to explain as she was pushed through the door. The leader didn't look much happier than the other two, she found. "You taught me that my gift was healing, that I should use it to help others as the Lord would have liked. You taught me-"

"We didn't teach you to heal devils, witch," the man growled at her, standing up and looming over her. "I've already been informed of what you did, shaming this distinguished establishment with your heresy."

"But, Father, I only-"

"Silence," the man said. A simple word that sounded almost like a curse to Asia's ears. She gulped, trying to push the knot in her throat down and failing miserably at that. "You are a disgrace and I'm disgusted to even look at you. After all we've done for you. After we took you in and raised you, to take all our teachings and do that with them," the man said, and Asia felt her eyes start to sting as she stood there, across the desk from him.

She held her hands in front of her chest as she prayed. Prayed for help, prayed for an explanation, a sign, anything. Asia felt lost and confused and she just wanted to understand.

She felt so very powerless at that moment, something that wasn't new to her, for sure. However, this time, it was much worse than any other time. This wasn't her request to explore the city outside being rejected. Nor was it about wanting to visit some patient that she'd healed some time back. This was worse, made even more so by the fact that she still didn't understand.

Her gift was healing, and it always had been. She'd healed humans and other species before and she knew that devils were supposed to be evil but… But so were some of the other people that she'd healed before and everyone had been fine with it. That devil had looked so injured, so desperate…

Did the Lord really expect her to turn her gift away from someone that needed her? That couldn't be it, but if the leader said so… She was so confused…

"I don't understand," she whimpered as a tear fell down her cheek. The first of many, as it would seem.

"Then you are more stupid than we thought," the leader said, making her flinch. She knew she wasn't very bright, but she'd taken to her teachings well through her life. Asia had been told as much, surely… "After all the work we put into you, this is how we are repaid…"

"I'm sorry," Asia mumbled, even if she still didn't get why she was supposed to be sorry for. She'd done as she'd always been told, helped those in need as she'd been taught… "I'm sorry," she repeated, because she didn't know what else to say. She'd never seen the people in the church so angry, especially at her.

"Sorry won't cut it, witch," the Father told her, scowling down at her. "No, you aren't welcome here anymore. You are-"

"I think I've heard enough," a new voice said, the calmness of it a stark contrast to the Father's anger and Asia's desperation. "Gabriel told me that things had become worse than we ever thought they would, but I didn't think it'd be quite this bad."

When Asia turned towards this new person, her eyes widened instantly. There stood a very handsome man, one that made every other one Asia had ever seen pale in comparison. But it wasn't his good-looking face that drew her attention, nor was it the long blonde hair or the green eyes. Not even the supremely kind expression he wore on his face.

Instead, it was the wings.

Twelve golden wings that spread behind him, with a beautiful ethereal shine to them.

'An angel,' Asia realized immediately. 'Were my prayers answered?' she wondered, before the idea that maybe he wasn't here to help her but to help against her appeared in her mind. She felt her face pale and her legs tremble under her. Surely… Surely not. Surely the Lord hadn't forsaken her so. She'd been dutiful. She'd done her best.

Asia had…

Asia hadn't…

"Shh, child," the angel told her, smiling sadly at her as he leaned down and placed a hand over her head. "Everything will be fine. It seems that my siblings and I have been too focused on our side of things. Changes will have to be made. For the moment, however, you shouldn't worry. It isn't you that's at fault here and you shouldn't ever think you are."

So, Asia cried, this time not because of despair, but out of relief.

Maybe, just maybe, everything would be fine.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ok, so, I'm very nervous about this. I know people have been complaining about Joshua's denseness and the slowness of the romance in this story and such but… I have reasons for why I do stuff. One of those is, admittedly, that writing romance makes me nervous, but there's also story related reasons too, I swear!

Thus, I've used this chapter to give you clues on those reasons and also to take a step forward on the romance part of this story. I know we are going at the slowest pace possible on that side, but I hope you guys don't hate me too much for that.

I also hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Continuing with what most of the chapter and the notes talk about… What pairing are you supporting, if any?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 276 others
Adrian King
Jul 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 74 - Is This the Part Where It Gets Serious? New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#295
Is This the Part Where It Gets Serious?

Joshua was fairly sure he was ready for what he was about to try, which is to say Senjutsu. He'd done what Shed wanted and learned Ancient Egypt just to read the scroll. It had been… not fun, but it wasn't the worst thing ever, probably thanks to the system. If not for that latter one, Joshua was sure it'd taken him literal years to read the thing. Hell, why the god thought it was a good idea was beyond him, since he wasn't supposed to know that he could learn it that fast.

If there was one thing Joshua was sure of though, it was that the Egyptian Pantheon wanted something from him. He was positive there was a reason for all the little things Shed did that concerned him. It just didn't seem to all be whims, not at all. It might have started as just Shed too, but once Nephthys joined, it became more likely that the others would join. On top of that there were the goddess's words when she gave him her blessing. There was something going on. Shed was trying to do something and Joshua didn't know what.

Pulling out the Charm from his pocket, he looked at it for a moment.

"... I like you, Shed, don't do something stupid," he mumbled. It was rather blunt of him to address the deity like that, but he wanted to be clear. If something happened, he wouldn't just let the god play the innocent card on him.

Fortunately it seemed that Shed wasn't very insulted. If anything, the feeling he got from it was of calm reassurance. A look towards Cheshire told Joshua that it was just business as normal. With a sigh, he placed the Charm back in his pocket. 'Maybe I'm just paranoid or something,' he mused before looking at the scroll he'd set next to him.

Focusing back to what he was actually trying to do, Joshua went over what he'd studied about Senjutsu so far. It was a complex thing, really, with different ways to go about it doing different things. The general path seemed simple enough though, and he was about to tackle the first step. A step that involved taking his own life energy and just circulating it through his body.

Now, life energy was already in his body, and it was already circulating on its own. The way of using Senjutsu he was going to attempt wasn't about making it go a different way or anything like that. Instead, it was about giving it a nudge in the same direction it was already going. His life energy was supposed to circulate as it was, but he'd be pushing just the smallest bit faster.

It was more complicated than it sounded though, since the smallest mistake, the nudge in the slightest wrong direction, could affect him negatively. Not cripplingly so, but it would if he failed too badly. Which wasn't likely, but even if it wouldn't damage his life energy and him too much, a mistake would still be bad, with emphasis.

Thus, he sat on the ground, as he would whenever he meditated, and just focused on sensing his life energy for a while. He wanted to get a good look at it, to know it well. Eventually though, he gave his life energy the smallest push he could. When nothing bad happened, he continued carefully, slowly working on it.

It was… an interesting experience. When he pushed too much, he'd feel giddy and full of energy, like he was on a sugar high or something of the sort. If he slowed down, it was like the energy was drained from him and leaving him exhausted, even if it wasn't the case. A curious thing to go through while simply sitting down, that was for sure.

Eventually though he stopped, taking a deep breath in and pulling his focus away from the flow of his very life. Letting that breath out, he opened his eyes. Predictably, he was met with screens. A little more unpredictable was what one of those screens said.

[Skill Unlocked: Life Concentration]

[Stat Unlocked: Life]

'I unlocked a Stat? That was even possible?' He thought, eyes wide as he looked at the second screen. That was certainly not something he'd seen coming, that was for sure. 'That's interesting. Now I do wonder if I can unlock others… Focus, man, Status.'

[Joshua Davis

Title: The Professor

Race: Human

Strength: 72

Speed: 68

Dexterity: 69

Vitality: 79

Perception: 67

Magic: 108

Life: 15]

'What even is the difference between Vitality and Life?' he had to wonder as he looked at his changed screen. 'Low number, but certainly higher than the others were when I started,' Joshua noticed then, wondering why that was the case. 'Is it due to my other physical stats being higher? Did that affect my life energy, raising it to level fifteen?' That would make sense, he supposed. If that was the case then, why was it at fifteen and not higher? 'Questions without answers suck…'

Curiously, he called for the same screen, but differently.

[Joshua Davis

Title: Ward Specialist

Race: Human

Gender: Male

Rank: C+

Strength: C+

Speed: C+

Dexterity: C+

Vitality: B-

Perception: C+

Magic: B

Life: E]

'... Did the new stat bring down my rank? It was B- the last time I checked… But why? What changed? Wait, this comes from Appraisal so…' Joshua mused, before turning to look at Cheshire. Sure enough…

[Life: C]

'Why is hers C ranked? It's not an average, since her all around rank is C+... Weird, very, very weird,' Joshua thought to himself, almost feeling a headache coming his way. Maybe it'd be better to just… not give it that much thought. The system worked in weird ways more often than not, so it was better to just roll with the punches. 'And that's what I'll do. Now, Life Concentration,' he called, finally deciding to check his new skill.

[Life Concentration - Lvl 1/50

Determines the user's ability to concentrate and boost their life energy.

Increases Life growth speed by 1%.]

'Ah, so Physical Conditioning but for Life, that makes sense,' Joshua mused as he considered that. He'd definitely be putting a lot of work on that. First, because he really wanted his rank to go back to B-, not only because it felt awful to lose his progress like that, but also because he didn't know when Cheshire and Nagini would evolve again, and he really didn't want to be left behind by his familiars. That would suck.

There was also the fact that it would certainly help a lot, really. Senjutsu would, after all, become a very useful tool in his arsenal eventually. It was a very powerful art, he knew, and while it was mostly a youkai one, he could use it. Thus, he would take it as far as he could possibly do so.

'Why is it that the petty reason is the one that motivates me the most?' he thought with a wry smile. Morag, who had been jumping around, took a leap to his side and patted him comfortingly with her leg. "Thanks, girl," he told her out loud while returning the patting.

[}-o-{]​

"I'm very sorry, Mizuno-san," Joshua apologized with a grimace of a smile as he bowed to the woman at his cafe's table. "If there's anything I can do to make up for this, just let me know. Everything on the menu is free too. It's the least I can do."

"Joshua, I've told you," the woman replied with a kind smile that reassured him the smallest bit. "You don't have to trouble yourself over it. My daughter has told me about him, so it wasn't all that unexpected, and I know the kind of man you are. You don't have to worry, I won't make trouble for you."

"Still, I hired him, so it's my responsibility," Joshua insisted stubbornly. "At least let me do something for you, yes?"

"Well, I wouldn't say no to another drink and something to eat with it," Mizuno told him, smiling a little wider, seeming amused at his actions. "And, if it helps, my daughter has told me that he hasn't been as bad as he was before. Not sure if that's true or not."

"Believe me, it is," Joshua replied with a wry smile. "There's a lot of room for improvement though, as you saw."

"So, it seems. Now, I don't want to occupy too much of your time. Go along, Joshua," Mizuno told him, patting his arm reassuringly. "And it would take something much worse than that to make me stop coming here. This has to be the best cafe in town as it is."

"I'm glad to hear that, Mizuno-san. I'll have your order ready as soon as I can," Joshua told her, bowing once more before walking away. Once he turned his back on the client, his smile turned into a scowl. The person it was directed at, meanwhile, paled and started sweating nervously.

Good. The fucking idiot deserved it.

"I'm sorry," Hyoudou said instantly once Joshua stood in front of him, bowing deeply to make his point. "I just… I couldn't help it. I didn't think it was that bad at the time."

"Hyoudou, I don't think you can bring up a woman's boobs in polite conversation without it being a bad thing. At least not if they don't first or something," Joshua told him, bringing a hand up to massage the bridge of his nose. He had barely started the conversation and he was already having a headache. "Just… don't ever do that while you are working… or at all. Ok?"

"Yes, Joshua-sensei," his employee said instantly, bowing again and making him sigh.

"You need more work than I thought you would, and that's saying something," he commented, making the boy flinch. Maybe it was mean of him, but Joshua thought it was a good thing. Even if Hyoudou didn't like hearing it, it would drive the point across much better if he didn't sugarcoat things. "You are lucky that Jeanne has been telling me that you are doing… somewhat better at school."

"I know, I…" Hyoudou started, before growing embarrassed. As he usually did, the boy started scratching the back of his head, looking to the side in embarrassment. "I've been trying to do as she tells me. She dragged a few girls from the Kendo club into it too… They are much more… Physical when they have to correct stuff though." And he obviously wasn't a fan, if his expression was anything to go by.

"Maybe I'll have to start smacking you whenever you slip too," Joshua mused, making the boy pale. "As it is, I'll be nice and just tell you. If you make a mistake twice though, don't expect me to keep to that."

"Yes, Joshua-sensei," he exclaimed, bowing once more. It was getting really old really quick, at least in Joshua's opinion. "I… Thank you, for giving me a chance."

"... Everyone deserves a chance, Hyoudou," Joshua told him with a wry smile. He'd been given another chance at life. As far as he was concerned, the least he could do was give the boy one too. Especially because he knew he wanted the chance and he was trying. "It's up to you what you do with it though."

"I'll do my best," he promised, and Joshua could see the determination in his eyes. That was another reason he was bothering putting up with the boy. There was potential there, he just needed someone on his corner to help him. Joshua would be that person even if it was supremely frustrating.

"I know you will," Joshua said with a smile before taking the boy by his shoulder. "Now come on, we have an apology order to make and you can bet that you'll help me with it. It's your mistake we are apologizing for, after all."

"I'm fine with that," the boy replied, beaming at him. Maybe there really was still hope for Hyoudou to be decent. Time would tell.

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

She looked through the paperwork that the Board had passed through to her and, as she did, she couldn't help but grin. First, because deciding to leave most of the more annoying parts of leading a magical association to the people under her had been truly a stroke of genius. And second because extending a hand to Joshua Davis had been another on much the same level, if not better.

In the first place, it was something that had earned House of Water, the association that her family had cared for through several generations, a major boost in the magic community. The other associations really wanted what they had and had been willing to compromise quite a bit to get some of their members in Davis's class. From there, Agnes herself had milked those stuffy bastards for all they were worth.

Grauzauberer thought they were the best around, just because they'd been founded a little earlier than her own organization and because they had Mephisto Pheles himself at the head, even when he didn't get involved all that often. Golden Dawn thought they were hot stuff because their founders had been hot shots. And yet, those two and several others had to swallow their pride and ask her to allow their members to attend a class given at her institution.

She'd had to make a serious effort not to cackle in their faces. Would have served them right after all the times they'd looked down on her and her association just because they had a somewhat shady start. In the end though, she contented herself with just asking almost criminally high prices for their students to attend Davis's classes. Almost being the operative word, since it meant the others couldn't very well refuse.

Furthermore, Agnes had a feeling that the next time Davis gave a course at her institution, she'd need to ask for even higher ones. The man was just entirely too giving to be a magician, honestly, which checked out with the fact that he was self taught and hadn't really been introduced correctly to their community. It worked well for Agnes but she'd probably have to tell him eventually. It wouldn't do for someone else to take advantage of his naivety. The fact that it would probably earn her some goodwill to do so was a mere coincidence, she swore.

She'd probably have to, regrettably, do so soon too. The last time she'd personally talked to the man, he'd seemed pretty open to teaching more classes, after all. It wouldn't do to let things continue without telling the man. That could only lead to trouble.

Moreover, it'd probably upset some of her patrons, Nephthys in particular. As a magical association that wasn't quite up there with the big ones, House of Water had had to search patrons to support them in unlikely places. One such case had been the Egyptian Pantheon, one that usually kept to themselves. They stayed out of conflicts with other factions and generally stayed out of politics altogether. This was, first of all, because their faith was one that had taken quite the hit in their following, which had dramatically lowered their power compared to others.

Even in the supernatural world, the Egyptians weren't all that present anymore. Slowly, it was like they were vanishing from the world. It had been a worrying thought for Agnes, really, since they were people that had always helped her association when they needed it. Now though, things were changing.

She was fairly sure they wanted to make a champion out of Joshua Davis. To make a representative that wouldn't endanger them while also bringing in the faith they were losing. It was a bit of a gamble, but when you were down, all you had left to do was to go big or go home. Agnes knew a thing or two about that. For her and for the Pantheon though, it seemed that things were looking up.

A knock on the door distracted her from the papers on the desk and her own thoughts.

"Come in," she replied, loud enough that her voice would reach through the door. If her secretary had let someone pass through to her door, it was likely that they were important enough she'd have to listen to them, if not want to. The latter case turned out to be the case, sadly, and Agnes suppressed a groan. "Elizabeth."

"Agnes," the woman with short hair as black as her own, or even darker, replied with a stiff nod. There was no lost love between them and they both knew it. They had to deal with each other though, because they were basically the two highest ranked magicians in the association. Agnes was sure that if she weren't a descendant of the founder, things would have been much more complicated to decide which of them would be Director. "I hear your pet project is doing well."

"More than well, I'd say," Agnes said, feeling just a touch smug and not afraid to let it show. "I told you that Joshua Davis would be someone worth the attention."

"Well, even a broken clock is right twice a day," Elizabeth replied dismissively, making one of Agnes's eyebrows twitch. "I guess I'll have to meet the man. See for myself what all the fuss is about. To think that even the other associations would degrade themselves for him, there must be something there."

"Be careful, Elizabeth, this could be a great thing for us. If you ruin it…" Agnes told her fellow magician. She just needed half a reason to kick her out if she could. Elizabeth was very fond of the kind of magic that Agnes wanted to keep far, far away from her association. Fortunately, the woman knew how to be discreet about such things, but a single slip could destroy years, decades, even centuries of work. "Don't ruin it, or you won't have the time to regret it."

"When have I failed at anything, Waterhouse?" the woman asked, smirking at her.

"... Be very careful, Báthory," Agnes hissed in warning.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"Hello hello~" Serafall sing-sang as she skipped inside the room and Kunou sighed. "What are we working on today?" she asked, taking a seat in front of Joshua and her and tilting her head. "Anything interesting?"

"Kunou is still working on her fox people cards," Joshua replied, writing something down on his notes before looking up. "And I've been working on a normal set of cards."

"And when will all of us be able to play a game with them?" Serafall asked, resting her chin on her palms. "Are there magical girl cards? Devil cards?"

"I mean…" Joshua started, before pausing, narrowing his eyes and turning towards Kunou. She, in turn, did much the same and shared a long look with her dad before she grinned and he nodded. "Yeah, there'll be. Might need some help with those so-"

"Of course I'll help!" Serafall replied instantly, beaming and almost vibrating where she sat. Kunou wasn't too happy with that but it wasn't like she could tell her no, sadly. "Just say the word and we can get started!"

"I'm sure, but we want to finish these sets and a few more first, so we'll have a better idea of what we are doing. I promise those two will be the first new ones after the ones we've already started though," Joshua said with a slight smile. Kunou, for her part, was starting to feel progressively more upset as the seconds went by. "Did you need something or…?"

"Oh, I came to talk with Yasaka, actually," Serafall told them before pouting. That was a slight relief, Kunou supposed, but it wasn't much. "They told me she's busy though, so I decided to drop by for a visit in the meantime."

"Well, it's always nice to have you around," Joshua told her, his grin widening. "And Margalo likes you too, so there's that," he added, looking as the aforementioned bird flew from somewhere in the room to the Satan's shoulder… And Kunou had liked her before, the traitor. "I'm sure she'd love to hear more plans for the show," he commented with a chuckle as his familiar chirped cheerfully.

"Oh, I like you too, Mar-tan," Serafal greeted, rubbing her cheek against the bird's. Deciding to be childish for once, Kunou chose that moment to do something and tugged at his dad's sleeve. Then, Joshua blinked and turned to look at her. She pouted at him, hoping that he wouldn't guess the real reason why she was doing that and would do his usual thing and go for something else. Like thinking she was looking for attention or something. Which wouldn't be entirely wrong, Kunou supposed.

"Yes?"

"I… I'm not sure how to make this card actually look like," she mumbled, coming up with that on the fly. Fortunately, even though Joshua looked disbelieving about that, he didn't draw attention to it.

"I mean, I think that design works, don't you? Maybe a little change in the clothes colors? No, I know. Why don't we change it more drastically when the effect activates? Like, an aura, or longer, wilder hair."

"Or both," the girl mumbled, going back to her happy, grinning self. It had nothing to do with the fact that Serafall was now distracted with a conversation with Margalo. No, sir, and whoever said otherwise was a lying liar.

It wasn't that Kunou disliked the Satan, really. It was just… Well, she was almost sure that Serafall liked Joshua and she didn't want the woman to get ahead of her own mother. What if they got together and then her mother didn't go for Joshua? That would single handedly destroy all the dreams of a perfect family that Kunou had. Sure, it wouldn't ever really be perfect, she supposed, but it would be the next best thing and that was enough for her.

However, Serafall was a danger to that. The worst part was that Kunou couldn't really do anything about that but hope. Hope that maybe her mother wouldn't wait until it was too late. She understood what Yasaka was saying about Joshua, she truly did and in a way she agreed, but still… What if she waited for too long?

"Ah, Serafall, sorry for the wait," her mother said as she entered the room, as if summoned by Kunou's thoughts. "Kunou, Joshua, I hope you are doing well?"

"Yeah, I only had to tell Kunou to do her homework before projects once," Joshua commented with a smirk, drawing a groan from her. The meanie didn't need to tell her mother that. Stupid Joshua. At least her mother seemed more amused than disappointed about that, giggling behind her hand. Or maybe it was because of Joshua, Kunou could only hope.

"Yasaka, I came to talk about that thing from last time," Serafall said, talking in that way that they did when either Kunou or Joshua were in the room. Secret politicking, the man called it every time, rolling his eyes as he did at that very moment.

"Ah, I had guessed. I'm sure it can wait for a moment, right?"

"Hm, I wouldn't mind, I was having a nice conversation with Margalo here," the Satan said, which was a little strange, Kunou thought. They usually went straight to business, probably to be done with it. "We were going to ask Joshua something, actually, do you-?" Before she could finish the question though, Joshua's phone rang, which was a rare occurrence, all things considered.

"... Give me a second, ok?" the man asked, after a single look at the screen before standing up. Once he'd taken a few steps away from the table he answered, facing away. "Griselda," he greeted, and Kunou narrowed her eyes. She knew of the woman but it was very little, really. However, she couldn't help but fear the worst in that regard. "What kind of favor?" the man asked then, and Kunou could almost hear the frown on his face before he brought a hand up to massage his temple. "Ok, I'll… Sure, I'll meet you guys so you can explain this better."

When Kunou turned for a moment, she saw both her mother and Serafall with their heads slightly tilted and eyes narrowed the smallest bit. 'Hm, maybe Serafall isn't so bad?' she wondered, directing towards the two much the same expression they were giving Joshua at that moment. It seemed that the little girl had things to consider.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I literally have nothing to say about this right now.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you have anything to say about the chapter?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 255 others
Adrian King
Jul 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 75 - Love to the Loveless Shown New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#301
Love to the Loveless Shown

"So, why am I coming again?" Jeanne asked curiously as she walked next to him. "Not that I'm complaining, but I didn't come last time."

"Because Griselda said something about possibly taking care of someone for them," Joshua explained, feeling uneasy. If his mental timeline was even remotely accurate, he had a feeling that he knew who that person was. If he was honest, he didn't know how to feel about yet another major change to the original plot. This might actually be the biggest change he'd seen so far, if he really thought about it. "If that's all there is to it, I want you here to make the decision with me. It'd affect you too."

"Josh, you are kind of the responsible adult here. Aren't you supposed to make the decisions and that's it?" Jeanne asked, to which he gave her a look. "What?"

"I don't want you to have to put up with decisions you don't like. If something bothers you, I want you to tell me. This is one such case," Joshua explained. Granted, if he was right, she probably wouldn't have a problem with things, but it wasn't bad to be prepared just in case.

"... Do you think it's likely that'll happen?" Jeanne asked after a moment of silence. He wasn't sure how to interpret the small smile on her face, but he decided to take it as a good thing and move on. People were strange, after all.

"I mean… I'd like to say no and that they've learned to not be idiots. Then again, I don't want to be too hopeful," he replied wryly. Granted, the intervention of the angels seemed to have changed things for the Church, but… Well, he wasn't sure how much was different and how much remained the same.

"I'm guessing that's why Cheshire and I are here?" Jeanne asked, getting an agreeing meow from the girl. "To make sure you don't miss anything?"

"I mean, you are not wrong," Joshua agreed, bringing a hand up to run his fingers through his hair. The action made him grimace slightly though. Long hair was all good and well but it was starting to get annoying. 'I might just finally get it cut,' he mused before sighing. "There's no need to say it like that though," he commented, giving his sister an exasperated look, especially when she giggled at him. "You make it seem like I'm using you."

"You only want me for my powers," she fake lamented, bringing the back of her hand to her forehead. He just rolled his eyes at her as they continued walking. "Oh, I didn't know this was the whole reason why I was adopted. However shall I cope with such revelation?"

"If you are done being dramatic, we are almost there," Joshua told her, deciding to ignore her completely as they approached the store that had now become his usual meeting spot with the holy side of the three factions. 'Maybe I could convince them to let me ward this place?' he mused as he finally pushed the door open.

'So, it's as I thought, huh?' Joshua thought, walking towards the table that the people he was meeting were already sitting at. There were more seats occupied than any other time but that was to be expected. What wasn't to be expected was one of them in particular. 'Sure, throw two Seraphs my way, why don't you?' Joshua mused as he took a seat.

"Gabriel, Griselda," he greeted, nodding towards both women before turning to the two additions to that pair, getting . "I'm Joshua Davis and this is my sister, Jeanne, and my familiar, Cheshire, nice to meet you both."

"I'm Michael," the only man in the group introduced himself, extending a kind smile and a hand Joshua's way. He shook with no problem, even if the whole thing felt surreal to him. 'Wonder if I'll ever get used to meeting faction leaders,' he thought to himself, almost letting out a wry smile.

"And you'd be?" he asked the youngest member of their group. He already knew, of course, but it wouldn't do to give that away. In a way, he'd almost prefer not to know such things. It made things unnecessarily complicated more times than it helped, really.

"Ah, um… My name… er, is Asia Argento," the girl mumbled hesitantly, her eyes darting towards Griselda. She had a very obvious accent, which reminded Joshua of something he'd almost forgotten. 'Right, she's supposed to speak only Italian before being reincarnated, right? Something like that…'

"Nice to meet you, Asia," Joshua said with the friendliest smile he could muster. If her returning, shy one was anything to go by, he at least partially succeeded. "So, I'm guessing Asia here is the person I'd need to take care of?"

"She is," Gabriel was the one to answer as the girl seemed to try and draw into herself. "I know it's much to ask and we normally wouldn't do this but…" the angel said before pausing and looking at the other one. As Michael traded a look with her, he nodded, making the woman smile sadly. "Things have been… messy on our side. I trust you'll keep this to yourselves, but the church isn't as unified or under control as we thought it was."

"So much so that there's no one you can trust with her other than someone you've basically just met?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at them and getting a grimace from Griselda. The angels, for their part, simply looked sad, resigned even.

"We need to prioritize what we do with the few people that are reliable," Michael explained with a grim smile. "Miss Argento is loyal, very much so, but with the changes that our side is undergoing… We can't guarantee her safety."

"There's also the fact that our faction has been… less than welcoming of others. We have a tenuous alliance with other pantheons at best," Gabriel continued, sighing. "So, yes, we are coming to you for help. We also hoped that we could… solidify a better relationship with you too, Joshua."

Maybe he was getting a little paranoid, but it seemed that the Egyptians weren't the only ones that were trying to pull strings on him. If he were honest, Joshua was getting progressively more annoyed with that. Especially coming from a faction that had already slighted him before. At least Shed and his people hadn't done that. 'It wasn't their fault though, apparently,' he reminded himself.

So, the church was now confirmed to have internal trouble, as he'd suspected before.

"I don't honestly care," Joshua started, leaning back against his chair, only then noticing that there was a cup of tea in front of him. He hadn't noticed anyone leaving it at any point and he hadn't been that distracted, so it was likely the angels were flexing on him. He'd have been annoyed but he appreciated the drink, really. "But are you expecting me to do this for free? Because that sounds kinda rude."

Next to him, Jeanne snorted, which made him turn to look at her.

"Nothing, just… enjoying a bit of irony, is all," she waved away. Fortunately – although Joshau didn't know for whom – Gabriel chose that moment to talk. However, he was fairly sure he saw her lips twitching up a little.

"Nothing like that, Joshua, I assure you," the female angel told him, smiling kindly at him. It almost made him feel like he'd done something wrong in some way, even though he was sure he hadn't. "However, I want to say this before I give it to you. This is a compensation for what happened before, a reward for giving us an alliance against a common enemy with other factions as much as for helping on this… And with the risk of insulting you, this should cover more than all that."

"Oh?" Joshua tilted his head. He wasn't insulted, really. How could he be, if he didn't really know what she was talking about? She could be right about that. She was an angel too, which he was fairly sure meant she couldn't lie… He might have been wrong about that though. "And what would that be?"

Instead of answering, Gabriel waved her hand over the table. From literally nothing, there appeared a dagger. He was kind of impressed with that, if he was honest. There hadn't been a magic circle or anything as far as he could see. Maybe she had been the one to make his tea appear? Neat trick, he'd have to learn it if he could.

Immediately, he cast Appraisal on it.

[Carnwennan

Rank - ?]

"Carnwennan," Gabriel presented as he frowned. That name sounded familiar to him, but where had he heard it? "The dagger wielded by King Arthur himself."

To that, his eyes widened and he looked at the two Seraphs intensely. Now he knew they wanted something from him. They couldn't be giving him this and not want to hold it over his head later on. And that, that he wouldn't let happen.

Jumping on the table next to his cup of tea, Cheshire meowed. Yes, he knew there was something fishy going on without her input this time. It was good to have confirmation.

"No, thank you," he said with a grimace of a smile.

"Excuse me?" Griselda asked, as if she couldn't believe what he was saying. To her, it must have been quite the shock that someone would deny what was probably a great treasure to her faction. Granted, it was no Excalibur, probably not even on the level of an Excalibur fragment in terms of value if not power. However, the price that came with it wasn't something he wanted to pay.

"This is indeed more than enough to pay for what you would need to, and that's the problem," Joshua explained, looking at them. "If I take this, I'm giving you a chance to make me do something, something that maybe I wouldn't do. I can't give you that."

"Then it's good-," Gabriel said, seemingly unbothered with what he'd said. "-that we don't plan on doing that, isn't it? We swear that you'll be allowed to decline any favor that we ask of you in payment for this artifact."

"Just like that?" Joshua asked, narrowing his eyes. "That's basically giving it away."

"Just like that," Michael agreed, pulling his attention away from the female angel. "We believe, Mr. Davis, that you won't betray our trust like that. Gabriel and Griselda here vouch for you and the information we've gathered implies as much too. We believe this is the right call on our end."

"Things are changing, Joshua," Gabriel took over again then. "Inside and outside our faction. We can no longer afford to keep to ourselves. We need to start making moves. This is merely the first one of many."

Joshua leaned back then, taking a sip from his drink and trying to process that. The two angels seemed to be fine with him doing that, and while Griselda looked like she wanted to say something, she remained silent. As for poor Asia, the girl seemed to be struggling to even keep up, which made sense. She didn't even really speak the language.

Looking towards his familiar, he saw her tilt her head and stare back. Through the bond though, she explained as best she could with what little they could communicate through it. It was enough for him to get what she was getting at and that was what counted.

"You should go for it, Joshua," Jeanne said from his side, staring rather intently at the other side of the table. "And yes, that's a common agreement."

"Good," Joshua replied before sighing and resting his cup on the table. "Guess we are going for it," he added, taking the dagger. It felt just like holding one of Jeanne's daggers but also nothing like it. It was powerful, just like Setan Kober, but contained, peaceful. There was a tinge of something though… Something quiet. With a nod, he stored the weapon before sighing once more. "Good luck on your side of things."

"We appreciate that, Mr. Davis, and also you giving us a chance," Michael said.

"Call me Joshua, please," the man replied with a tense smile. He was doing it, yes, but it didn't mean he liked it. It felt like he was slowly walking more and more into the dark, not knowing what awaited him. It made him nervous, if nothing else. It was what he needed to do though. He figured he wouldn't be able to bury his head in the sand forever even if he tried.

"Of course, Joshua," the man said, smiling a little wider than before. "If you would give us a minute with Asia, just to make sure she understands, since her English could use some work still."

"Sure, no rush," he reassured with a wave of his hand. "God, I think I need a beer instead of tea," he grumbled.

"You drink?" Jeanne asked, surprised.

"Not usually, but I do like a cold can of beer once in a while. Or… used to, at least. Haven't really drank since… Since a while ago," he replied. Now that he thought about it, he hadn't drunk anything other than the can that Nephthys had given him since the accident. Then again, it was something he used to do with his father, he hadn't been a fan of drinking alone most of the time and he certainly hadn't felt like spending money on it after that… event.

"Huh, I wonder how that tastes."

"You won't find out in a few more years. Legal drinking age in Japan is 20, just to let you know," Joshua pointed out, making her pout. Then again, it wasn't like he had waited for legal age himself, but she didn't need to know that.

"Hm, Mr. Davis, Miss Davis?" a little voice called from their side and they turned to look at Asia, standing before them and looking very small, even if she was supposed to be around the same age as Jeanne. Next to him, his sister beamed at her, probably because she called her "Miss Davis" and Jeanne seemed to love that.

"Just Joshua and Jeanne is fine, Miss Argento," he reassured softly with as kind a smile as he could give her. He'd always been sort of a fan of Asia, not because she was a particularly interesting character or because she was powerful, but because she was good. At times, she seemed too kind for the world she was part of.

"Ok, I…" the girl started before hesitating. "My English is no good, but I'll… try," she said to which he chuckled, making her blush. "Ah, sorry."

"Nothing to be sorry for," he reassured her, still smiling. "If you have trouble understanding, just tell me," he added, careful to speak a little slower than normal to help her along. When she nodded, he returned the gesture before looking towards the angels and Griselda. "Well, I guess we'll take it from here. Call if you need anything."

"You as well, Joshua," Gabriel told him, before handing hima folder. "This is information you might need in regards to Asia's case too," she added, giving him a very pointed look. 'Oh, they want me to see if the devils will do something about Diodora, huh?' he mused, giving the file a look before turning towards the angels and Griselda. The three of them gave him a nod before they disappeared. 'No circle again. I really want to know what's up with that,' he thought to himself. Before he could get distracted though, Cheshire patted his leg.

"Right, let's go," he said, before turning and walking out of the store. As he did though, he took out his phone and sent a quick message.

[}-o-{]​

"We didn't have these before, did we?" Jeanne asked, looking curiously at the books on the table and Joshua grinned. "What did you do?"

"Just sent a quick message to Rias to get this for me," he answered with a shrug as he picked up the first book he found and opened it. Sure enough, it was exactly what he asked, as he imagined the rest were. Books to learn Italian, as well as books to learn English and Japanese. "This is to learn English and Japanese," he spoke out loud for his sister and their guest's benefit, pointing to the piles that held said books. "I thought you'd like to get better at it, since you'll be spending time with us here in Japan."

Asia didn't speak her reply, but she did nod meekly.

"Don't worry about it. Learning languages is difficult, but I'll be learning Italian myself, so I guess we can struggle together," he told her, making the young nun perk up and look at him with big, surprised eyes. "So, what do you say?"

"I'd… I'd like that, Mr.- Er, Joshua?" she replied, giving him a weak, nervous smile. It was fine. Jeanne had been skittish too, once upon a time. Joshua resolved to help this girl in much the same way, or at least try to.

"For now, do you want a cup of tea, coffee? You didn't drink anything back at the cafe, I noticed," he asked then, making her fidget with her clothes for a bit.

"A… tea, please?" she answered hesitantly and he nodded. "Jeanne, can you go and warn Morag and Nagini? We don't want them scaring poor Asia."

"Oh, right, I'll go do that," he heard his sister say before the sound of her footsteps reached his ears.

"Morag, Nagini?" Asia asked when he came back.

"My familiars," he replied, making the girl look at Cheshire. "I have four," he told her, walking towards the table and setting her cup in front of a chair and taking a seat himself. After a moment of doubt, she followed his example. "Cheshire here," he started, making his feline familiar jump on the table and preen. "Margalo, the bird, Nagini, the snake, and Morag, the spider."

"Snake… spider?" Asia asked, suddenly looking downright afraid.

"They won't do anything to you," he reassured her with a slight chuckle. "They are big, and scary looking, but you should be fine," he told her, drawing a hopeful look from the girl. God, she was adorable. 'This is going to be like having two Kunous around.'

He was screwed, he already knew.

This had to have been Heaven's plan all along.

Crafty bastards.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

She narrowed her eyes and frowned at the girl sitting in front of her. Needless to say that she hadn't expected Joshua to bring a girl with him to their class/workshop, even less so if that girl wasn't Jeanne. So, to say she'd been caught off guard was a bit of an understatement.

He'd explained, of course, but that didn't really make her feel any better. It was also a bit of a confusing moment for Kunou, if she was honest. She was upset, yes, but she couldn't quite point out why. Sure, the girl being there stole time with Joshua from her, but that couldn't be it, right? She never got annoyed when he said he was going to work at the cafe or something of the sort. Well, a little, but this time was different though!

It reminded her of that annoyed feeling she got with Serafall when she was near Joshua, in a way. However, it was also different, which was the part that really confused her. Besides, Kunou was sure that whoever this Asia girl was, she was too young for Joshua to be interested in… For the moment, at least. So, that wasn't the problem here…

Kunou's eye twitched as she looked at her dad leaning over to look at something the other girl was asking and start to explain things to her. She took a deep breath in and took the cup next to her to sip a bit of tea. She really would like to know what was going on, honestly.

"Everything ok?" Joshua asked, and she almost jumped. When had he moved to her side? "You look upset, is something wrong?"

"Yes, I mean, no, I mean…" she stammered before pouting as he chuckled. After taking a moment to calm herself, she spoke again. "Yes, everything's fine," she said. Good, that was good. At least she'd managed to say that without stumbling on the words and it sounded believable enough.

"Ok then," Joshua nodded, turning towards his work once more. That lasted for a single second, however, before looking at her and raising an eyebrow. "Now, really, what's going on?"

"I said it was nothing," she grumbled, glaring down at her notes and faking working on them. She could barely think straight as it was, let alone actually do anything with her spellcrafting. "Doesn't Asia have anything else she needs help with?"

"Is that what this is? Are you jealous of Asia?" Joshua asked and she looked up to glare at him. He was such an idiot, of course she wasn't jealous. Honestly, of all the silly things her dad could say, why say that? She blinked then, as he looked around for a second and snapped his fingers, a circle forming and casting a spell around them. "You know you are my daughter now, right? There's no need to be jealous," he reassured, placing a hand on top of her head. "Asia is a guest at my place and I'm helping her with some things, that's all."

"I know that," Kunou mumbled.

"I'm helping her a little more than expected because… Well, she's a nice girl and she was with less than nice people before," Joshua explained, still petting her hair, which was nice, but that was still unfair! "I'm sure you two can get along fine if you give her a chance. I promised that you are stuck with me, didn't I? I'm sure there'll come a time you'll wish I'll leave you alone."

"I won't though," she denied, shaking her head and all. To that, Joshua chuckled.

"Yes, you will, probably in a few more years. That's fine though," he told her, still laughing as he brought her into a hug. Joshua wasn't one to hug too often, so it almost surprised her. However, she took the opportunity as quickly as she could and hugged him back. His pats were nice but a hug was much better. Especially right then and there with how weird she was feeling. "Even if you don't want me around, I'll still be a call away. If you ever need anything, just say so and I'll do my best to help."

"You promise you'll be around?"

"I promise," he replied without a moment's hesitation. She smiled into his chest before feeling him pulling her away and looking into her eyes. "Is everything fine? Because I can definitely keep the hug up until it is."

"It's fine," she said truthfully. "I wouldn't mind a longer hug though," she mumbled then, looking down and feeling her cheeks heat up.

"Maybe some other time, ok?" Joshua told her with a kind smile. "The illusion is safe enough, but I'd rather not risk it. You'll get all the hugs you want during the next outing, does that sound good?"

"Ok," Kunou replied with a nod. That sucked, a little bit, but hugs later was better than no hugs. And he was right that they could be caught if they kept it up. As much as she wouldn't mind everyone knowing that he was her father, she knew it could be troublesome depending on how it happened.

That sucked too, but she'd put up with it. Joshua was her dad now, and she just needed to remind herself of that whenever she felt bad about something. Even now, as he checked with the girl, Asia, to see if he'd missed something while under the illusion…

"You promise that you'll be around?"

"I promise."

Yes, everything was fine.

Then she narrowed her eyes.

… Maybe Kunou could get some more time if she worked on whatever Asia was working on though. That wasn't a bad thing, was it? Yeah, that'd work.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

So, we finally introduced Asia to our boy, Joshua. Also, as usual, shit is happening in the background. Man, I think I might need to pull away from Joshua for a chapter or so to show a bit of that, because there's quite a bit… Thoughts for next chapter.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What languages do you speak? My mother tongue is Spanish but I've learned English as a second language… obviously. I'm not sure how well I speak it, but yeah, that's about it. I'd like to learn French, but that's unlikely to happen.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 255 others
Adrian King
Jul 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 76 - Don’t Hide My Grace Away New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#303
Don't Hide My Grace Away

[Asia Argento]

"You are doing really well," Mr. Joshua told her, which made her smile shyly at her plate. Something that didn't really help matters, considering that the man had prepared it all himself and it was quite probably the best food she'd ever had. However, at least it was better than the alternative.

Asia didn't think she'd been treated all that badly back where she came from, but things were certainly different at the Davis's house. Where she was used to calm and collected people that would, at most, give mild compliments, Mr. Joshua would make a small event out of every single thing she did. Like just now, she'd gotten to choose what they'd eat and the man had gone out of his way to make it better than his usual meals because she'd done well in their language studies.

It wasn't even that she was being treated specially in any way, really, like it would sometimes happen at the church when she did particularly well in regular duties and was praised for being the Maiden. This was the Davis siblings treating her as one more of their own. Mr. Joshua did much the same thing for Miss Jeanne or his familiars or himself. That just made it better though, because Asia was tired of feeling different.

Back at the church, she'd always be treated specially one way or the other. Either she'd be treated more strictly by those that tried to push her to be better than others because she was the Maiden, or the opposite would happen, where she was treated better than others because of who she was. Asia had found both things equally as distasteful, if she were honest, but she'd ignored it all. After all, maybe there was more going on than she realized. Maybe she wasn't understanding what happened as well as she should.

Now though, with everything that happened… Maybe all that had been tribulations set up for her by the Lord.

"Thank you, Mr. Joshua," she mumbled after a moment, realizing that she was being rude by ignoring the compliment. Fortunately, neither the man nor his sister seemed to mind that overly much. Miss Jeanne especially, since she seemed to be enjoying the Italian dish Asia had asked for. That was good, she'd been worried she was imposing on them by asking for something they didn't usually eat.

She'd been fine eating whatever Mr. Joshua prepared so far, especially since it was all very good food, to be sure. However, she'd started to miss some of the meals she enjoyed where she grew up. So… she'd decided to be a little selfish for once, especially since Mr. Joshua had made sure to stress the fact that he'd prepare anything she wanted and that she was free to ask for whatever.

"I've told you to call me just Joshua, Asia," the man told her, breaking her from her thoughts. Fortunately, he didn't look angry or annoyed by her way of addressing him. That was a relief. She just found it… uncomfortable to call him just by his name. She wasn't used to doing that, really.

"I'm sorry," she apologized nevertheless. After all, she was blatantly ignoring someone's preferences because of her own thoughts and feelings. That was so rude of her-

"It's fine, if you feel more comfortable with that," the man reassured her, moving around the water in his glass. "At least you aren't calling me Mr. Davis. That's when we'd have a problem," he added with a wry smile.

"If you don't mind me asking," Asia started, before hesitating. Would it be too personal a question? The inviting look she got from Mr. Joshua was encouraging enough to break through her doubts though. "Why do you find it so bothersome?"

"For one, because it seems so… distant. Makes me feel like people are throwing a wall between them and me, like they want to pull away," Joshua explained, before bringing some food up to his mouth as he considered his next words carefully. "Maybe that doesn't make sense, but it's how it feels to me. I know it's supposed to be about respect, but that can be shown much better in other ways than just how someone addresses me."

Asia nodded, listening attentively as the man spoke. Maybe it was because he was a teacher, but he did have that sort of voice that she'd heard from instructors sometimes. The one that told her they were telling her something she wanted to know.

And she supposed he wasn't wrong, if she thought about it for a bit. What did a name hold in terms of respect? It was like telling someone that you only respected their name and not them. Like those people that seemed more affected by her title of Holy Maiden than they were of Asia or what she could do. If that's how Mr. Joshua felt about it, then she could understand, at least the last part. She wasn't sure she got the part about putting distance between him and the speaker.

"It's also… Well, my parents died over a year ago," Mr. Joshua continued and she'd have apologized for bringing back bad memories but he seemed to see that coming. "Don't worry about it, you didn't know," he waved off before she could even say a word. "I guess people calling me Mr. Davis just… reminds me a lot of my father. He was always that, as far as I can remember. As for me, I haven't been that since I got out of school years ago."

"Don't your students call you Professor Davis?" Miss Jeanne asked then, pointing that out with a gesture of her fork.

"True, guess that's different enough," Mr. Joshua replied, smiling sadly as he turned back to his food, simply pushing it around. "I guess I'm starting to move on past that too, if slowly. That doesn't mean you can call me Mr. Davis," he added, the last part said with a hint of a joking tone as he turned towards Asia. "We are friends now and I won't have a friend calling me that."

"Of course," she replied, which was as much as she could say as a knot formed in her throat and her eyes started feeling like they'd start shedding tears anytime soon. 'I have friends,' was the shocking realization she came to at that moment.

Suddenly, the food was tasting much better than before, for some reason, which was saying something.

[}-o-{]​

[Elizabeth Báthory]

Agnes thought she was being sneaky, pulling strings so that she'd be busy whenever her pet project was around. It would have been almost cute, if it weren't so exceedingly infuriating. The Director wouldn't be able to keep that game up for long though and, sure enough, an opportunity presented itself.

Although, it was a little saddening that it was more likely that Agnes had realized it was a futile endeavor. Elizabeth would have liked to see her start struggling and getting frustrated because of that. After all, it wasn't like she had any rush in meeting whoever this Joshua Davis was.

So what if he could modify spells? It was hard, of course, but was there really all that much to be in awe of with just that? Elizabeth hadn't heard any incredible feats pulled by said spells besides his stalemate with Annihilation Maker. The defeat of Dimension Lost had been mostly luck and lack of preparation from Georg, the fool, from what her sources had found. Even the aforementioned Annihilation Maker was more of a draw than anything, something that had likely happened because the whole thing had gone on for too long and drawn too much attention to keep it up than any merit on Davis.

So, it was only a mildly interested Elizabeth that made her way to the man's classroom. The students were already stepping outside, since the lecture should have ended already. There was a wave of mutters and conversation that was usually lacking in such classes, but that was unsurprising, really. News of Davis's willingness to spread his knowledge around like it didn't matter had traveled fast and explained that pretty well. If anyone asked Elizabeth, the man was a fool. He was basically doing away with his one advantage over other people like it was nothing, for some incomprehensible reason.

When she reached the door though, Elizabeth paused. There were three students still inside, one of which, a male, approaching Davis hesitantly. Thus, she was forced to stay out of things for a bit. Who knew though? Maybe she'd get to see something interesting.

"Two spells," Davis said after his student muttered something that Elizabeth didn't get to hear, unfortunately. "Sure, I can set something up for you to test those no problem. You don't mind waiting for a bit, right, Meredith, Karin?" he asked then, turning to the other two students who quickly shook their heads.

'Oh? He'll have the boy test spells just like that?' Elizabeth noted to herself as she watched on. That was a rather risky move to pull, considering all that could go wrong with the smallest mistake.

Those thoughts were quickly pushed away as she watched Davis move. She could have laughed when he pulled out a set of circles drawn on paper and arranged them on his desk. 'Really? This is the man that caused such ruckus in the magic community?' Elizabeth wondered, unimpressed. Who even used drawn circles anymore?

Still, she continued watching as the man pulled out wardstones. Wards were supposed to be the man's main branch, even if she'd heard whispers of other branches. That was interesting, she'd admit. Someone going into several branches was certainly something to note down. If the rumors were true, that is. For all she knew, he was just applying Ward Magic really cleverly, considering that he was supposed to be something of a spellcrafter.

Those thoughts were violently pushed aside as the man started casting his wards. One after the other, the spells washed over Elizabeth, and she felt herself tensing and sweating. She liked to think she was a gifted magic sensor, which was why she knew what was happening, contrary to the students in the classroom.

Her eyes darted around, but she obviously saw nothing, even if she could literally feel the oppressing magic. It was like being in a cage made of diamond. The wards were solid as they could be, immovable in a way that had nothing to do with one of the branch's biggest disadvantages.

It felt like one would have to fight an impossible battle just to get out of their range, even if Elizabeth knew none of them was geared towards containing people. The wards watched though, an unflinching, invisible gaze settled on anything and everything inside the wards. The borders were firm and resolute, like a wall.

And that was before the student did what he'd requested and what had Davis throwing such defenses in the first place. The first spell was attempted without a second thought, belying that the student was a very foolish person or someone that was very confident in the teacher's capabilities, or both. It still failed though, quite spectacularly at that.

Elizabeth felt it immediately, not only the wild snap of the magic before it went on to wreak havoc in the classroom, but also the shift in the wards. Suddenly, they were pulling away at the magic of the spell. Sucking it dry of any power it might have gotten from the student that had clearly failed. The abomination of magic disappeared like it wasn't even there under the unrelenting might of the wards.

When the whole thing was over, Elizabeth could only do one thing. She turned and walked away from the classroom. She'd have to go over her information about Davis again, this time with a new outlook. It wouldn't do to approach such a person underprepared. No, she couldn't afford that at all.

The gods knew, she'd likely regret such a thing.

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

"Falbium is being lazy about the whole thing," she complained, because who better to do that to than with someone that wouldn't use that information against her and would also actually listen? "Not that I blame him, of course. Sirzechs is already having enough of a headache trying to maneuver around this mess to actually do stuff. But I need them to, otherwise Heaven and the Church are gonna get pissy, even if the thing was as much their mess as ours."

"I mean, yeah, I get it. But it's Ajuka's brother, isn't it? I'm not very into that kind of stuff, but it has to be problematic on many levels," Joshua commented, not looking up from the notes he was working on as Serafall continued swaying from side to side with a pout on her face across from him. "And people think it's weird that I want to stay away from politics."

"It's not weird, it's just… People usually just can't do without them, Joshua. You are weird because you can, and I'll have you know that it's because other people are willing to deal with that for you," Serafall pointed out, narrowing her eyes at him.

"People like you, I know," he replied, grinning like the ungrateful man he was. Why did she put up with him? "And I'm eternally grateful, which is why I'm working on this as a favor to you guys, isn't it? I guess it's more of a favor to Sirzechs though, so maybe you can get something out of him."

Huh, well, that answered her question quite decisively, yeah. He was nice in a way that he had no right being, really. How many people would throw the political power of having a Satan owe them a favor just to make up for help that really didn't actually mean all that much? Unless, that is…

"You realize that I'd have to deal with that anyway, right? It's not actually your fault or for you or anything, Joshua," Serafall clarified for him, because sometimes the man just didn't seem to realize such things, even if they were obvious. "My job is to deal with these things, really. Helping you just happens to be good for us."

She didn't like saying that so bluntly, but it needed to be said, really. Joshua was a friend, he deserved better than to think she was doing him a favor when she really wasn't. However, she couldn't leave it at that. It made it seem like their entire friendship was hanging on her profession.

"I wouldn't mind doing a favor or two though," she added, beaming at the man. Maybe she didn't need to clarify, considering his still calm expression. "That's what friends are for, right?"

"I guess," the man replied with a half-grin before looking down at his notes again. Oh no, that just wouldn't do.

"I guess? That's all I get from that? Joshua, you meanie," Serafall complained, pouting at the man as he chuckled.

"Right, sorry, and yeah, that's what friends are for," Joshua agreed, nodding as he straightened on his seat a bit. "And as a friend, I'm allowed to do you a favor, which means that my previous statement stands," he added mock-seriously before chuckling again, shaking his head and then turning back to his work.

"You are too good for your own good, Joshua," Serafall pointed out, softly this time, pulling away from her usual mannerisms the smallest bit as she relaxed on her seat. "You can be a little more selfish, you know?"

"I could, but do I need to?" he asked her then distractedly as he continued working. "I don't really need more than I already have, really. I've got all I need… Well, with the exception of Khaos Brigade being dealt with, but that's in process of happening anyway," he said with a shrug before frowning at his notebook. After a moment, he nodded. "Ok, I think that's enough. I'll do a little more testing and then we are done for today," he told her standing up to look through the drawers of a nearby piece of furniture.

"It's strange, you know? That you don't want power, or money, or anything like that," Serafall told him.

"Is it? I just want a comfortable life, which I already have, and for the people I care about to have one too," Joshua answered, returning to the table with a handful of wardstones. Then he gave her a smile that almost reminded her of an angel's, except without the uneasiness of the Heaven member's presence, that is. "That includes you, so if I can make your life easier, I will."

Stupid Joshua.

"You should be careful saying things like that, Joshua, people might think you are trying to court me or something," Serafall pointed out to him, only half joking. She knew very well that there were a lot of people that had gotten in trouble for "harmless" comments such as that one.

"They should know that I have no chance and I'm very aware of that," Joshua replied with a laugh as he started setting up his next ward array. Serafall remained silent then, to consider his words as much as she did to give him the time to calmly do his job. She knew that human spells could fail much more easily and catastrophically than a devil's, after all. "And that's that," the man muttered then, before casting the spells and closing his eyes.

Then he tilted his head. As he went through the process of examining the phoenix tear Serafall had brought with her under his wards, the Satan looked at him. It was difficult to understand how she'd gotten so close to the man so quickly. A lot of things were like that when considering Joshua though, she guessed.

Regardless, as she considered what they'd talked about, Serafall could help but smile wryly as the man obliviously continued to work.

'You really don't make things easy, Joshua,' she thought to herself.

[}-o-{]​

[Fuyuko]

She was a very happy youkai, if she was honest. First, because she was one of the servants that attended to specific requests from her assigned person. What for others might have been the worst job was a privilege for her and those that worked at the West Youkai Faction's main building. Furthermore, there were times when those people that were assigned to Yasaka-sama herself would envy her too.

After all, Joshua Davis didn't have to – or even want to – deal with the important meetings that a faction leader did. Even if he did participate in such events, like whenever Satan Leviathan visited or in similar instances, he never expected her to act in any way differently from the usual. It was quite refreshing, really.

The only thing she had to do was to make sure that he got a cup of tea at… Well, at most times. If he was feeling anything particularly strong, he especially wanted the drink then. It seemed to help him calm down, or concentrate or overall deal with emotions. As far as habits to deal with as a servant went, that was about as tame as Fuyuko had ever heard.

There was also the fact that being Joshua Davis's servant had turned her into a pretty important person between the other servants. After all, they were all very aware of the change that had happened in Yasaka-sama's family. They could act as much as they wanted and Joshua could throw up as many illusions as he wanted, but the servants knew them and could very well notice the changes even if they weren't evident or spoken out loud.

Fuyuko knew, very well, that Joshua Davis was much more than little Kunou's magic teacher. Even the girl's servants had confirmed the fact, when everyone talked about it, behind closed doors that is. There was not a single person that spoke badly of the girl having an actual father figure in her life though, nor of Yasaka-sama for allowing that to happen, or even encouraging it. If anything, they were pleased with that development.

They also knew that if anybody out of their circle found out, things could easily take a turn for the worse. One needed to know the family as they did to be able to ignore the political aspects of such things and just know that Kunou was a girl that needed both parental figures, especially with Yasaka-sama as busy as she was with her duties. They also knew that the woman they all ultimately worked for needed the peace of mind that knowing her child was taken care of brought with it.

And, in a way, Fuyuko thought that Joshua benefited from the arrangement about as much as the other two. She knew, if not in detail, that he was a man that struggled in the social aspects of life and having such strong bonds was a blessing that he needed. And the man appreciated it, which was the important part. Never did he seem like he'd take advantage of what he'd been given, if anything, he seemed to take it as something to motivate himself to do better.

"Relax," Joshua stressed as he spoke to Kunou, Fuyuko and several other servants watching from the side. The man's soft smile directed at the child as he patted her head, making the girl that had once been a hollow mask at best pout before relaxing under the attention she was given. "You'll get it soon enough, no need to get angry. I thought we were over this after you got better at illusions, honestly."

"Sorry, I just… I wanna do well. How come she's doing so much better?" the child asked, pointing at the most recent addition to her classes with Joshua. The poor nun, for her part, watched on in confusion but knowing that something she did had somehow upset little Kunou.

"That's because Asia is surrounded by people speaking Japanese now," Joshua explained patiently. "That helps better incorporate the language. Pretty sure it's an established fact that one learns faster when they are surrounded by a language than just studying it on the side."

"You sure?"

"I can check if you want, but that's for later. Now, how does it go?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow at the girl as she groaned.

"Take a deep breath in," Kunou grumbled, but did as she herself said. "Let it out slowly," she continued then, her expression clearing. "Relax your muscles," she mumbled, rolling her shoulders a bit. "Breath in, and out," she repeated. "Happy?"

"I don't know, are you more calm?" Joshua asked, before receiving a nod, even if Kunou was still pouting slightly. "Great, now apologize to Asia. Even if she was doing better, that's no reason to complain about it. You don't have to always do as well or better than others."

"I'm sorry," Kunou mumbled, her Italian coming out stiff and maybe a little butchered. It was enough for the nun, even if the poor girl still didn't know what Kunou was apologizing for.

"Good," Joshua said then, after Asia had done her best to reassure the younger girl. "Now back to working on this and then we'll help Asia with her Japanese. If you get annoyed again though, we are switching faster."

"I know," Kunou grumbled.

Fuyuko traded a look with the other servants around. Really, maybe they could pass it off as Joshua being now a friend of the family or something… if it happened sometimes. However, when it happened all the time, it was a little – a lot – more evident what was really going on. Especially given the looks that Yasaka-sama would send their way when they acted like such… Father and daughter, which was the only way to call that, quite honestly.

"I might actually get diabetes, even if I literally can't," Fuyuko heard someone to her side whisper, making her snort. That about summed things up, really. If there was one thing the servants were happy with, it was Yasaka-sama and Kunou being happy too, which hadn't been the case for very long, especially for the latter. Now, with the addition of Joshua to that little group, things were going much better.

'Now, if only Yasaka-sama and Joshua could stop dancing around each other,' Fuyuko thought to herself, moving to go look for three cups of tea for the small class. It'd be even better if it happened closer to her bet instead of Minako's though, if she was honest. The woman would be insufferable if she was the one that won.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ok so… I'm very nervous, like I usually am when I have to do PoVs. Especially so in this case, since it's all from perspectives that aren't Joshua's. With any luck, I've done these characters justice and not messed up their parts.

Anyway, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: Which is your favorite part of this chapter?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 263 others
Adrian King
Jul 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 77 - You Helped Me Be Who I Am Today New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#308
You Helped Me Be Who I Am Today

[Issei Hyoudou]

He walked towards one of the cafe tables with his shoulders tense and feeling his insides tying themselves into knots. It wasn't a new feeling, however. Issei would freely admit that carrying plates and cups around on a tray made him feel incredibly nervous, even if he'd gotten better at it after some time.

He couldn't quite vanish the memory of the sound that the things made when they fell and broke. Joshua had brushed it all aside when it happened, simply remaking the orders and replacing everything. Issei still felt guilty about that though, maybe especially so because there hadn't been any punishment.

When he'd started working at the cafe – Hell, even before that. – he'd thought it would be a struggle. That Joshua would hover over him and criticize everything he did. That he'd mess up a whole lot and there'd be all sorts of repercussions. Maybe he'd get his pay reduced, or he'd be yelled at a lot, or he'd get fired or… something.

Instead, Joshua simply told him what he did wrong and what he should do to improve. When the things had fallen and broken, his boss had given him other things to do instead of delivering orders, like cleaning tables or helping at the kitchen. Later that day after closing though, Joshua had taken him aside and taught him how to carry everything in the tray. It'd been hard, but he was getting the hang of it.

When he got in trouble with a customer because of his… personality, Joshua dealt with it, placating whoever it was that he'd unknowingly insulted or made uncomfortable. After that, he explained to Issei where he'd messed up and how he could avoid it. Usually he'd even go the extra mile and add more onto that to better help him.

It was… nice, Issei decided. It wasn't the violent ways of his classmates in Kuoh and it wasn't the resigned way his parents used. It also wasn't the frustrated way that Jeanne used whenever it was her that tried to help him. He appreciated all of those a lot more after having realized that what he was doing was wrong, but he still much preferred Joshua's patient approach.

"Pretty good job," the man in question told him after he was done giving their orders to one table and made his way back to the counter. Joshua gave him a grin then as he ran his fingers through his hair. "Could use some practice to not make it seem like you have a stick up where the sun doesn't shine, but you are doing much better than at the start."

"You could word that differently, Joshua-sensei," Issei complained – Definitely not whining. – with a grimace. Still, he did stand straighter though, because he was pretty damn proud of how much progress he'd made. "But thanks," he added, meaning it, even if that failed completely at delivering what he really wanted to say.

"Come on, the Kendo girls should be here soonish," Joshua told him then, waving him towards the kitchen. "You up to help me prepare their stuff ahead of time?"

"Sure thing," he replied instantly. Issei wasn't very sure, but he was starting to like cooking more and more. It was… distracting, he supposed. It kept his mind occupied with things that weren't too important but which required just enough focus to keep him centered. When he was cooking he wasn't worrying about how others saw him and his brain wasn't making him think perverted stuff either.

So, he focused on doing what Joshua told him to while they prepared the orders for the Kendo club. It wasn't like they needed to wait for them to ask anymore. Most girls had already found what they liked and had started ordering pretty much the same thing over and over already. At most there would be one or two that decided to change their orders, which would mean that they'd only need to make that instead of a bunch of things.

Joshua also didn't seem too concerned about orders made wrong or anything like that. Issei supposed that was because the guy was loaded. It hadn't taken him long to realize that the man didn't have a cafe for the money. For one, because he never really cared for any loss he took for any reason. For another, because Joshua didn't always – or even often – work there.

He just came around sometimes, usually using most of his time to teach him or just generally keep an eye on him. Issei didn't know if that was a good or a bad thing, but it was how it usually went. It was better when he was there though, because the rest of the staff weren't really as good or as patient with him as Joshua.

A few minutes before the Kendo girls arrived, Issei didn't know how it had happened, but between one thing and the other Joshua had managed to con him into being the one to decorate the cake for them. The asshole just stood there, watching with a relaxed smile on his face as Issei frowned and sweated while working with the sleeve. He did his best to ignore the eyes on him and not to mess up and make an abomination out of the perfectly good cake. As he did, the younger man recalled the times when his mother had tried to teach him how to cook.

It had always ended up in disaster, and while Issei was fairly sure that it was mostly his fault, he also thought some of the blame laid on the woman too. It was difficult to concentrate on cooking when she continued telling him stuff that he already knew or things that were unnecessary but still were part of how she did things. It always ended up distracting him and making him do something wrong or forget something else.

Joshua didn't do that though. He told him what to do and then just left him to it. If he did something wrong or the like, he'd just tell him and they'd start over. If the failure wasn't too bad, they'd eat it themselves too, which almost tempted Issei to make mistakes more often.

He wouldn't do that though. No, that'd be like spitting on Joshua's kindness and teachings. There was no way Issei would dare insult the one person that was giving him a chance after all the times he'd been an absolute moron. This was his chance of improving himself, to go past being just a disgusting pervert and being a decent person.

With some luck, it'd help him get a girlfriend too, he hoped.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

She could honestly say that life was going better and better for her.

Jeanne almost couldn't remember what it had been before Joshua found her on the streets, really. Or maybe she just didn't want to remember, which was also a fair assessment she supposed. Regardless, the fact stood that things had gone much better since then. There was just no denying that.

"A good decision, born of fortune and daring," the voices whispered to her and she hummed. It had been mostly luck, she supposed. Luck that she'd met him in the first place. And the daring… Well, it had taken courage to take that chance with a literal stranger, even if the voices had somewhat spoken well of him. Courage or just stupidity, she supposed. Jeanne stood by her decision though. Back then… Well, it wasn't like she'd had many options to begin with.

"You are distracted," Kiba pointed out, sounding more amused and curious than annoyed, even though her mind had gotten away from her for a moment there in the middle of their date. "The voices again?"

"Sort of, but not really," she replied sheepishly as she fidgeted with the piece of cake that was next to her drink. They were at the cafe and fortunately Joshua wasn't around. Not that he made things too weird, but just knowing that she was on a date and her brother was right there made things awkward on its own. "I was just thinking how much better my life is now," she told him, smiling softly at him. A gesture that widened when she saw him look aside, his lips twitching up and his cheeks reddening the smallest bit.

His assumption wasn't wrong either. It was so very nice to have him in her life too. She dutifully ignored the giggling of some girls with their school's uniform sitting off to the side. That was basically a routine thing for whenever they interacted with each other and they had a "cute" moment. That or grumbling from boys, that is. Sometimes it was both.

Jeanne couldn't say she cared much for the whole "Prince and Princess of Kuoh" that the general school populace had come up for them. Well, for her and for them as a couple. He'd already had his moniker of "Prince of Kuoh" before she even arrived. It was honestly a bit annoying and uncomfortable to have that much attention, but she managed.

She'd certainly put up with it to be with Kiba, that much she was sure of.

Maybe some people would call her shallow for liking one of the most good-looking boys in the school, but that was honestly just a plus. A very nice plus, admittedly, but it was far from the only reason she was with him at the moment. However, there was much more to him than a pretty face.

She was pretty sure it had all started, funnily enough, when he and the rest of Rias's peerage had come to train at their place for the first time. Sure, she'd been attracted to him before that, but it'd been less important. It was then that she first thought they kind of clicked, as they bounced ideas for their Sacred Gears off of each other. Time had flown then and there, and they'd been engrossed in a conversation for quite a bit before someone broke them from their little world.

From there, they'd continued interacting with one another on and off through their continued visits for training. Soon, they became even closer when she joined Kuoh and they could now see each other more often and in an actual social environment. That had been by far the most important change in their relationship.

"Professional settings can only go so far," the voices whispered.

"What are they saying?" Kiba asked curiously before taking a sip from his own drink. Jeanne couldn't hold back a grin at the question. That was probably one of the things she liked the most about him.

"I was just thinking about how we got here… a bit silly, I know," she mumbled shyly as she looked down at her own meal. "The voices were saying that it was much better to meet out of training and such."

"Certainly better," he agreed with that kind smile that drove the girls at school crazy. Not that Jeanne was one to talk, but still. He was her boyfriend now, she thought she was entitled to some weakness to him.

"Have I told you how much I like that you don't care about the voices?" she asked, beaming as she felt her ears warm up a bit. "Because I really do."

"You might have mentioned it once or twice," Kiba replied with a very amused expression. "Honestly, in the world we live in, it's not that weird, I'd say. It's like you have another ability on top of your Sacred Gear. If anything, it's kind of neat."

She beamed at him, unable to find the words to reply to him. Strangely, she got the feeling that the voices were much the same, even if she had no way of knowing that. That was an unusual but overall interesting moment to learn something new about her "ability".

"Still, thanks, I… I really appreciate it," she said eventually. She'd already told him about how the voices had caused her trouble growing up and until recently. It didn't bear repeating, but she so very much wanted to. "Did you have any plans for after?" she asked, trying to change the subject and noticing that they were almost finished with their meals.

"I hope it doesn't sound too cliche, but I thought we could see a movie," Kiba suggested, looking strangely confident, despite his words. When she narrowed her eyes at him, he chuckled lightly. "I might have arranged a certain something with a certain someone," he added, pulling something from his own pocket dimension.

Devil magic was bullshit, she thought. He made the Storage Spell look so easy, and with all the troubles she had gone through to learn it.

Then she paused as she saw him take out a piece of paper with a circle drawn on it.

"That must have been an awkward conversation," she pointed out, realizing what it was.

"I had to make some promises, but otherwise, it was worth it," he told her, blushing slightly. Jeanne wondered what Joshua had made him promise… On second thought, however, maybe she didn't want to know.

[}-o-{]​

[Philip Woods]

As he cooked, he heard his favorite nephew talk with his daughters about his trip to Kyoto in Japan and all the things he'd seen over there. It was difficult, quite honestly, to compare the Joshua he'd seen recently to the one he knew from years ago, before his parents died. It was a terrible thing, what had happened, but somehow, the man had pulled through with his head high and taken all that life had thrown at him to make himself better.

To say that Joshua had been a quiet child was a bit of an understatement. When most others would go out and play, running around to do a thousand different things and explore the world, Joshua had stayed at home, watching TV or movies or just reading. When most would start going out with friends and getting girlfriends, he seemed to draw into himself even more.

Seeing him in family meetings had been much the same. He was a good kid, Phil knew, but he'd still been a solitary one. Joshua would barely speak and only to answer questions or statements directed at him. He would do just about any chore or thing that people asked him, but Phil got the feeling that it was so that he'd be able to pull away and do his own thing while at it.

The one thing that Phil knew Joshua didn't mind doing was spending time with his little cousins. Not so much the grown up ones, but he had a sort of patience that most lacked when dealing with children. He was honestly surprised he seemed to be teaching adult courses instead of doing so for children from what Joshua had told him.

And now…

Now Joshua seemed like a completely different person. He was still a very private and placid person, but he now actively interacted with people. He honestly couldn't believe he'd adopted someone. And all the stories he told about clients and friends he'd made. If he didn't know that Joshua wouldn't lie about something like that, Phil would have doubted what his ears heard.

The fact that he'd started throwing money at Phil and his daughters though, that was much more believable. The boy's mother and father had been kind people, so kind that it was difficult to understand how they could be related to the people they were. Joshua himself had inherited only the best of his parents in that regard, a compassionate, generous child he'd always been.

It honestly made Phil a little uncomfortable though. How was he not supposed to feel bad when his nephew, who had taken a great loss not so long ago, was basically helping him make ends meet? Joshua could try to be sneaky about it, but Phil knew that's what he was doing, dropping by his store to buy all sorts of things that he couldn't possibly need. Some of those purchases could be real, but not all of them. There was no way.

"Food is almost ready!" Phil called, getting different responses from all three "children". He somehow doubted his daughters would be too happy with that designation but Joshua would probably laugh it off. Speaking of, he could only hope the younger man would be fine with the meal he'd prepared.

Joshua cooked for them once and it'd humbled Phil for the rest of his life, quite possibly.

"Dad," one of his daughters called, looking as happy as he'd ever seen her. "Josh was telling us that he might get us a trip to Kyoto, can you believe that?"

He was both incredibly happy to hear that, and incredibly uncomfortable. It was very nice of Joshua to offer them that, but it also reminded him that he'd failed in yet another thing. After all, how could he not know that his daughters wanted to travel and visit other countries?

However, money had always been an issue to begin with and after the divorce… Well, Sarah hadn't made things easy, that was for sure. If she were the person to do so though, they probably wouldn't have gone their separate ways. Joshua had been a boon that he couldn't be grateful enough for, but he had to draw the line at some point.

"Don't," Joshua told him, having followed his daughter and somehow distracting her so that she would leave the two of them alone. "I know you want to reject the idea, but don't do it. They'll love it and so will you. Let me do this, Phil."

"Josh, I can't let you do this forever, I have to stop you at some point," Phil told him bitterly. "You can't just provide for us like this. I'm a grown man, and I can take care of my problems. I know I've failed on a lot of things, but asking this of you-"

"You are not asking for anything, I'm just offering and giving… I'm not doing this just for you, Phil. It's not because I pity you or anything like that," Joshua told him, walking up to him and placing his hands on Phil's shoulders. "I want to do this, because you are the only actual family I have left that I can be happy with. You don't have any idea how much that and these visits mean to me. Let me do this, to repay some of what you do for me."

"... You should have been a lawyer or a politician. You certainly have a way with words," Phil told him, drawing a laugh from the man.

"I didn't know you hated me like that, man. Maybe I should take that offer back," Joshua told him, grinning from ear to ear as he looked at Phil and out of the room towards his daughters. A stark contrast with Phil's memory of a subdued child sitting alone in a corner. "Come on, let me help you get everything to the table, yeah?"

"Ok," Phil conceded, meaning much more than the hand he'd offered at that very moment.

'You've certainly done well for yourself, Josh,' he thought to himself, feeling incredibly proud of the man his nephew had become.

[}-o-{]​

[Gabriel]

"Things seem to look worse the more I find out about what's going on in the Church," Michael told her and she gave him a weary smile in response. "How did it all become… this?"

"We were neglectful in our mourning and struggles," she answered, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath in. "Things changed rather… drastically with our father's passing. We could have done better than we did, and now…"

"Now we have to deal with what our actions, or rather our inaction, caused," Michael finished for her, looking up at the ceiling as if waiting for their father to answer, to give them advice. "We really should do something nice for Griselda. Without her, who knows how long it would have taken us to notice this, focused as we were on our own side of things…"

And hadn't that felt almost like a calling from their father? Just before things might have become irreparable, Griselda, an important but at the end of the day rather low member of the Church had pulled all the strings she could to get Gabriel's attention. Once she had it and was able to speak without being met with a wall of infinite red tape, she was unlikely to lose it, considering what she had to say.

Gabriel almost couldn't believe what she was told, but there she was then, met with the reality of things. A reality that she presented before her equally disbelieving brothers and sisters. They'd hurried to do some damage control but it was already too late for a lot of things. As it was, however, they could only vow to do their best.

It was fortunate that the world was much more… peaceful than it had been the last time they really looked outside of their own domain. Khaos Brigade's existence notwithstanding, that is. As it was, it almost seemed that their enemies, the Fallen and the Devils, had pulled back in much the same way they had. Everyone had suffered in the last war and now…

Now they were all just done with it, all of them. That was the impression Gabriel got from the interactions she'd had with both sides while working against the terrorist group that seemed intent on making enemies out of literally everyone. The same group that seemed to have infiltrated their ranks in the Church, leaving them a poisoned, rotten thing that they now had to put back together and heal.

Despite what they'd told Joshua Davis, they probably would end up owing him more than they had been able to pay. It had been true in the moment, but considering he had been the sole reason they were on… neutral terms with their previous enemies… Well, they had him to thank for that.

It meant much more than the man likely realized, Gabriel guessed. He thought he was helping them unite against a common enemy in Khaos Brigade, but it was much more than that. She didn't think her people and the other two factions had ever worked together as they were at that moment. They'd worked together against the Heavenly Dragons, for sure, but that had been more of a focused fight than it had been anything resembling an actual alliance.

Michael and her, they'd talked about the future since things had come to their attention. After being snapped out of their previous oblivious state, they'd had some time to consider where they stood in regards to lots of things. Their siblings didn't quite agree with some of their ideas, but they were open to them. Their situation was precarious enough for them to consider such things.

For now though, they needed to deal with the current issues.

"I'm almost considering asking Uriel for help," Michael admitted, making her pale. "It's that bad," her brother said, pursing his lips. "The corruption runs so deep that entire groups would rebel against us should we point out how they've failed our father and his teachings, his principles. We might have a Civil War in our hands."

The Church rising against them, when they'd once held them to the same esteem as they did their father. What had the world come to without them even realizing? How had things changed so much? Gabriel wouldn't have believed it all if she wasn't seeing it for herself.

"Let's hope it doesn't come to that then," Gabriel replied grimly, very aware that it was just as likely that a fight would break out as it was that it wouldn't. Then their conversation was stopped by the arrival of one of their siblings.

"Gabriel, Michael," Raphael greeted them with an expression much like the one their leader wore and the one she guessed she herself carried. "I finished analyzing the files you gave me, Michael."

"I don't suppose you bring good news, do you?"

"Unfortunately," Raphael replied visibly somber before he continued speaking. "There are indeed people that are actively and knowingly working against us already within the ranks of the Church," he said, confirming their fears. "That's not even the worst part."

"Let's hear it then," Michael told him, straightening his back as he prepared himself for whatever bad news Raphael was about to give. To Gabriel, it seemed that was all that they'd been doing as of late. Soldier on through bad news after bad news. She hoped against hope that, maybe, they'd find themselves in better times soon.

"There are plans in place to isolate our Excalibur wielders, take them down and then steal the swords."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I know, another full PoV chapter, but after the last one, I still felt I was leaving out a lot of things, so I decided to go the extra mile. Hopefully, it's not too bothersome for you guys to read. If it's any consolation, I think we are back to Joshua in the next chapter… probably.

Anyway, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: I think I asked this in the last one, but I'll do so again. Which was your favorite part of the chapter?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 255 others
Adrian King
Jul 16, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 78 - Let Me Do What I Do New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#311
Let Me Do What I Do

"You are getting really good at that," Kunou commented, sitting behind him and braiding his hair. Or just playing with it, he was unsure, really. He was a bit too busy focusing on his life energy and circling it inside his body for Life Concentration.

"Thanks," he replied softly, pausing for a bit. "I'm just getting started with it though, so no need to start praising already."

"I've seen some people that weren't youkai try it, they all struggled a lot, not like you," the girl argued and Joshua could almost see her narrowing her eyes at him. "I'm not just saying it, dad," she mumbled under her breath, giving his hair a sharper tug.

"Good to know," he said with a slight grin. "On a different note, I'm thinking of getting my hair cut. Having it long is nice and all but I don't think I'm liking it as much as I thought I would," Joshua commented, relaxing a bit and throwing his head back as he tried to calm down. Life Concentration required a lot of focus, which made it a very tiring experience, even if it was similar to Meditation.

"How would you have it then?" Kunou asked curiously.

"Short, probably. The shorter the better, that's how I liked my hair before," he answered with a slight shrug. "Not, like, completely cut down with machine, but still as short as possible."

"Hmm… I can't see it," Kunou mumbled.

"Well, if it looks bad, I can just wait to regrow it. You won't ditch me just because my haircut isn't good, will you?" he asked, getting his back poked sharply. "Is that a yes?"

"Dumb dad is being dumb," she grumbled, poking him again and pulling his hair too. "Stop being dumb."

"But I'm dumb dad though, it's what I do," he replied with a chuckle.

"You should go back to Life Concentration, dumb dad," she told him and he sighed. Well, she wasn't wrong about that. "Maybe mum can get someone that won't make your hair look bad when they cut it," she commented then. "That way I won't be embarrassed to be seen with you."

He didn't say anything this time, simply closing his eyes and focusing back on his life energy. Joshua did, however, do his best to keep an ear open to what she said. It made things more complicated, but he didn't want to just ignore her while she spoke.

"You think we will look less alike if you cut your hair?" she asked then, her mood seemingly plummeting, which snapped Joshua right out of his exercise. "You said our hair looked alike, but if you cut it… then there won't be much of that, will there?"

"..." Sighing, Joshua moved to sit facing the child as she looked down. "Kunou," he said softly, gently moving his head so she would look at him. "There are a lot more similarities in us than just what our hair looks like. Yeah, maybe there aren't many physically speaking, but you've picked up a lot of my habits, for better or worse. Sometimes it shocks me how similar you act to me, honestly."

"Still…" she mumbled, simply trailing off after that as her eyes looked to the side.

"If you are really against it, I won't cut it. It's not like I care overly much about how I look," he told her with as kind a smile as he could muster. "Was that all that worried you or was there anything else?"

"No, I just… You can cut your hair if you want," she whispered, placing her lap and fidgeting with her clothes. "I just… I guess I want to have more in common with you, is all."

"Hm…" Joshua hummed then, an idea popping in his head. It probably was a stupid one, but he'd check with Yasaka. Maybe he was being paranoid, but he didn't want to make a mistake, especially in regards to something like what he was thinking. "Guess I'll see what I do. And, as I said, we have a lot in common already. Believe me, you don't want to be too much like me," he added jokingly.

"You aren't allowed to talk badly about yourself, dad," she reminded him, narrowing her eyes at him.

"So, it's not being like me that's the reason for you getting distracted with projects and not doing your homework?" he asked, making her pout, even if the blush that soon followed gave the answer away. "I do wonder, is there something you should be doing and aren't?"

"Ah, well, you see… It's… It's due in a few days still, I have time," she excused herself, making him raise an eyebrow. "I'll start when you finish training Life Concentration?" she suggested with a weak smile. "Dad, I have time!" she whined when he continued staring at her.

"I'll allow it, but if your mother tells me you haven't done your homework for classes one more time, I'm gonna have to be more strict, ok?" he told her, getting a gloomy nod. "Entirely too much like me already," he muttered, shaking his head even if he was smiling. That drew a shy smile from the girl.

With the crisis averted, Joshua settled on continuing his training, not really moving from how he'd shifted his sitting position. Kunou didn't say anything after that, but she did get a hold of his hands, idly tracing shapes with her fingers on his palms or the back of his hands. With his eyes closed, he'd occasionally feel out her life energy to check that everything was still fine and her mind hadn't gone to sadder places while he wasn't paying attention.

It didn't, but what did happen was that eventually she seemed to grow sleepy. He found that out when he felt her move his hands to the sides and place her head on his lap. A little later, he felt her sleeping through life energy. When he opened his eyes, he ignored the screen saying he'd gained a Life Concentration level and just looked down at his sleeping daughter.

"Did you plan that so you wouldn't have to do your homework for a little longer, you little rascal?" he whispered with a grin. With a slightly weary sigh, he turned to the side then.

[Life Concentration has gone up a level.]

'What does that make it again?' he wondered, blinking as the screen changed to another one.

[Life Concentration - Lvl 5/50

Determines the user's ability to concentrate their life energy.

Increases Life growth speed by 5%.]

'Well, progress is progress…' he thought to himself. 'Life Sense is improving too though, so I guess that makes the slow going thing a little better.'

[Life Sense - Lvl 43/150

Determines the user's ability to sense life energy.

Precision is determined by Skill Level.

Increases the range of Life Sense by 129%.]

[}-o-{]​

The classroom was silent, besides the sound of pens writing away and the occasional groan or sigh. Joshua, for his part, leaned against his desk, only absently looking at his students as they worked on what he'd told them too. They were all, doing their best to make changes to a spell in a single class. He was almost sure they'd all fail, but the point of the exercise wasn't to succeed. He just wanted to see how much they could do with the time they had, without help and without prior preparations.

It meant that he didn't have much to do in the meantime though, except keeping an eye out for cheating. However, one of his new combinations of wards and hexes had taken care of that last part. So, with that in mind, he let himself become distracted. It'd been a while since he checked on his magical skills anyway…

[Ward Magic – Lvl 64/125

Determines the user's ability to utilize Ward Magic.

Increases affected area while utilizing Ward Magic by 64%.

Increases magic potency while utilizing Ward Magic by 32%.

Ward Spells: 12]

'It's really gotten this far already, huh?' he thought, almost surprised by the progress he'd made on that branch of magic. Almost, but not quite, considering all the time he spent working on it and the fact that it was the one set of spells he cast the most. In contrast, Hex Magic looked pitifully low level, really.

[Hex Magic – Lvl 15/125

Determines the user's ability to utilize Hex Magic.

Increases magic potency while utilizing Hex Magic by 15%.

Increases affected area while utilizing Hex Magic by 7.5%.

Hex Spells: 4]

'Then again, this is deceiving,' he considered. After all, while not all of it was usable, some of his ward knowledge did translate to hexes quite a bit. That meant that the branch was probably around double its level in terms of actual skill, even if he wasn't getting the boost that would carry with it. 'Good thing the effects are reversed, actually. It means that the thing isn't so far behind. Not covering as much ground isn't so bad.'

[Spell Modification - Lvl 50/75

Determines the user's ability to modify spells.

Increases efficacy of modified spells by 50%.

Increases efficiency of modified spells by 100%.]

'This would have been max level before Nephthys blessed me,' Joshua thought then, looking at the new screen. 'Would I have gotten a reward out of it that I didn't because the cap was raised? Because if so, that sucks,' he mused wryly.

Then he narrowed his eyes to the side of the room when he felt something through his wards and passive use of Magic Sense. He was getting better at picking up things even when he wasn't really paying attention, but they had to be evident. Like the student that had cast a spell, a Storage Spell to be exact, to pull out a new sheet of paper.

"That'll be a point less for you," Joshua said, not clarifying further and not even looking at the man that had done it. "You know who you are," he added with a slight grin when the students looked at him confusedly. Maybe that'd put some fear on the rest of them.

"I… It wasn't me, right, Professor Davis?" the nervous wreck that was one of his "star" students, as he'd caught some others calling them, asked. The poor boy – or man, really, but he seemed pretty young – seemed to have a real problem with insecurity, and that was saying something coming from Joshua. He always wanted to triple check everything with Joshua, which would have been annoying, but it was sort of interesting to see what questions he could come up with to ask whether he did something wrong or not.

"No, it wasn't you," he reassured, because the poor guy was likely to have a heart attack if he didn't. It honestly made Joshua anxious to see him like that sometimes. However, the boy more than made up for it by being pretty damn good at spellcrafting, from what he'd seen. He was on par with Meredith and Karin, as far as he'd seen.

As the boy relaxed, however, Joshua heard someone scoff and mutter something.

"Yes? I didn't quite hear that," he asked then, turning fully towards the man that had done it. He was obviously taken aback that he'd even managed to pick up on that, but still acted the part of the confused one that clearly hadn't done anything. "No need to be shy," Joshua added, smiling in a way that told the man he wouldn't be getting away with it.

"It's nothing, sir," he muttered, looking down at his notes and resolutely avoiding Joshua.

"That's what I thought… Well, are you guys done? Time is still ticking," he said then, making them all turn back to the exercise. Keeping a metaphorical eye out for any more stuff that would mean reduced grades for someone, Joshua turned back to check one more screen.

[Magic Sense - Lvl 60/150

Determines the user's ability to sense magical energy and spells.

Precision is determined by Skill Level.

Increases the range of Magic Sense by 180%.]

'I do so love the high buff number,' he thought as he looked at the lower part of the screen. The level of the skill was nothing to scoff at, of course, but the high maximum number kind of took away from any pride Joshua could have had at the skill's information, really. His mind wasn't completely on it though, with it having gotten distracted and brought completely back to the class.

Absently tapping on the desk behind him, he decided that was enough of him just staying idle. He might as well make the most of the exercise, he supposed. With that in mind, he pushed himself up and started walking around, checking how his students worked on their spells to see if he found anything interesting out of the three people that had especially caught his attention.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua huffed as he pushed up once more on the salmon ladder. Fortunately, it was the last part of the obstacle course that was installed in one of the basements of his house. Serafall had really gone above and beyond what he could have expected, honestly. He looked at the bar for the salmon ladder positioned in front of the one he was in, the one that he was supposed to take down before he finished the round.

Taking a deep breath in, he pushed himself forward to grab it and then make his way down. As he did, his face kept itself into a focused expression. He'd made the mistake of relaxing in the last stretch several times and he was determined to avoid doing it again, even if he'd likely slip up at some point.

As he finished, he took a second before letting go of the bar and dropping to the ground. With a deep breath in, letting it out slowly, he drew inwards to his life energy. He'd found recently that briefly using Life Concentration helped quite a lot after straining his body. It wasn't quite the healing techniques he'd been reading a bit about in the scroll Shed had given him, but it seemed to help his life energy settle after strenuous activity, which meant that his body could actually relax too.

[Parkour – Lvl 45/150

Determines the user's ability to free run.

Increases Speed while running by 90%.

Increases Strength while jumping by 90%.

Increases Dexterity while maneuvering by 90%.

Decreases exhaustion from running, jumping and maneuvering by 45%.]

Parkour was a slightly neglected skill of his and it showed. It wasn't like he'd stopped training it but more that he usually didn't focus too much on it. He'd run a round or two in the custom made and usually randomized obstacle course and that'd be it. Nowhere near as much as his combat training went and certainly a lot less than his magic training. However, he was still pretty proud of how far the skill had come regardless of all that.

"Good job," Rias congratulated him, walking towards him with a towel and a bottle of water. He took the first with an awkward thanks. "You did break your record, by the way," she told him with a grin that he returned, if a little weary. She'd insisted on checking such things since she'd started training with his family and him, which he'd allowed her to do. It seemed to motivate her and her peerage to have that reminder, which he guessed worked in a similar way to how he did when he saw a level up. He guessed it wasn't much of a stretch to add Jeanne and him to that.

"Thanks," he mumbled as he used the towel to wipe the sweat on him. "God, it's cold," he groaned, drawing a wry expression from the girl. Which was fair, since he was shirtless, but that was for his resistance training, after all. She didn't know that, so he guessed it was pretty weird of him, but he could live with that.

With another quiet thank you, he took the water bottle she offered then.

[Physical Resistance – Lvl 37/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand physical damage.

Decreases the damage received by physical attacks by 25.5%.]

[Poison Resistance – Lvl 42/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand poisons.

Decreases the effectiveness of poisons by 42%.]

[Cold Resistance – Lvl 14/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand the cold.

Decreases the effectiveness of the cold against the user by 14%.]

[Heat Resistance - Lvl 11/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand heat.

Decreases the effectiveness of heat against the user by 11%.]

[Electric Resistance - Lvl 11/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand the electricity.

Decreases the effectiveness of electricity against the user by 11%.]

'Slow progress, but progress all the same,' he thought. He could try to do some more drastic training to raise them faster or something but… Well, he wasn't masochistic enough for that. Even having Wards that boosted recovery and having Asia around now to heal wounds, it just wasn't something that he wanted to put himself through. Call him a wimp if you will, but Joshua didn't fancy mutilating himself even if it meant some level gains.

"Who am I fighting today, coach?" he asked then with a tired half-smile, drawing a giggle from the girl.

"Jeanne and Kiba," she answered, shaking her head. "You sure you want to take them both at the same time?" she said then.

"I know I will beat them in a one on one spar, so I think it'll be better to push myself if I face them both. Even if I'll likely get my ass kicked," he replied, receiving an amused look from the girl that then softened into something else.

"You really push yourself a lot," she pointed out, but not really in a chastising way.

"I have to," he said simply with a shrug. "Humans are about as weak as one can be in the supernatural, and there's a lot of scary things out there. I have to be as strong as I can be if I want to have a chance."

"I think you have more than a chance," Rias replied with a kind smile. "If what Sona and I have seen, your wards are very impressive on their own and you can hold your own against us devils. It might be prideful of me, but I like to think that we aren't pushovers."

"And you aren't, especially since you've started taking your training more seriously," he told her, making the redhead beam at him. "But it doesn't change the fact that there are a lot of people out there much stronger than you guys and I. There's still a lot of ground to cover."

'Especially knowing what I do,' he added in his mind, as he replayed some of the things that were likely to be thrown at the world around him. With some luck, those would be taken care of before they reached him, but he didn't want to be too hopeful.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua stared at the screen before him for a long moment before sighing.

[Mind Resistance – Lvl 45/100

Determines the user's ability to withstand attacks to the mind.

Decreases the effectiveness of attacks to the mind by 45%.]

It was time to actually use Setan Kober, he supposed. He'd held the weapon a few times, but actually using it was going to be different, he knew. His Mind Resistance was high and he still had the Demonic Element perk, which was supposed to reduce the side-effects of Demonic Artifacts. Between those two things, he was confident that he could use the weapon and not go berserk.

Despite that though, Joshua still felt uneasy about it. This was different from Hex Magic. The branch had a bad reputation and its spell effects were nasty for the most part, but that was under his control. They were going to be as nasty as he made them. Setan Kober had the ability to turn him into a danger, not only to his enemies but to his allies, and he might not even realize until it was too late.

That was a scary thought if he'd ever had any.

With a deep breath in and a sigh, he picked up the kris while taking out Carnwennan from his Storage Spell. Interestingly, the daggers seemed to react to one another. He had no words to accurately define what happened in that moment, but the best he could put together was Kober sort of giving the metaphorical stink eye at Carnwennan while the Holy weapon gave it the cold shoulder treatment.

It was a very strange, very surreal feeling for Joshua, that was for sure.

Fortunately, they didn't feel like they were about to work against him, which was nice. He gave them a few swings to feel them out and once he felt comfortable, he prepared for his spar against his sister and her boyfriend. Both sword users stood side by side, tense and ready for the fight that was going to follow.

It was sort of flattering, Joshua supposed, to be taken so seriously by a devil Knight and a Hero Descendant. Now, he just needed to make sure to meet those expectations. It wouldn't do for him to lose too quickly. At the very least he wanted them to have to work for it.

Kober hissed an agreement through his senses that took him off guard, eager for the battle. Carnwenna, for its part, patiently waited. In his mind, Joshua saw them, the berserker warrior, bouncing on his feet waiting for the bloodshed and the dutiful knight, poised and ready to strike at any moment. Both weapons seemed to like that thought, if the feeling he got was any indication.

'This is gonna take some getting used to,' Joshua mused to himself before giving Rias a nod for her to announce the start of the fight. As she did, he dashed towards his two adversaries, parrying the swing that Jeanne sent his way and directing her so she'd get in Kiba's way. They might be dating and all, but that didn't immediately mean they'd be synchronized and working together seamlessly. That was what he'd have to take advantage of.

The fight that followed was hard, but it wasn't the ass kicking that Joshua expected it to be. A good part of that was, he was sure, due to his weapons. They were known weapons of myth for a reason, he supposed and they were outside of his rank to see with appraisal, so that had to mean something.

Setan Kober excelled in powerful and often somewhat erratic strikes. It would often take Kiba and Jeanne off guard with slashes that held more power than they should or came faster than his usual ones. Furthermore, it made Joshua move faster, strike harder and whatever strikes his opponents got in, mere superficial cuts most of them, were shrugged off with more ease than he would normally do so.

Carnwennan, for its part, was more subtle. The Holy dagger would strike, almost on its own, when his opponents were unaware, focused on its more savage counterpart. It would sneak in like a thief in the night and earn him a nick here or there that would have Kiba and Jeanne wary of taking their attention off of it again, even if they couldn't really keep to that resolution more often than not. The dagger was good for that, ironically enough considering the feeling it gave, and Joshua had no problems whatsoever humoring its urges.

Setan Kober's effect was felt though, even through his resistance skill and his perk. He felt himself grow more angry as the seconds passed. Nowhere even close to losing his mind, but it was a noticeable thing regardless. Fortunately, even with that, he was still very much in control. If anything, that added emotion to the whole thing seemed to help him, but he'd have to be careful not to let it get too much control over his actions. It was a tightrope to walk on, but as far as he saw during the spar, it was manageable.

"I think," he said, causing both Kiba and Jeanne to jump back. "That's enough for now," he added, huffing and wiping the sweat off his forehead. The two teenagers weren't looking much better themselves, he noted with satisfaction. "Good spar, guys. Really good spar," he mumbled, stretching tiredly as he gave Life Concentration another hit to help his body relax. "We gotta do this again."

"You are an absolute monster, Josh," Jeanne huffed, letting her swords fall to the ground and resting her palms on her knees.

"No offense," Kiba said then, giving him a weary look. "But I agree with her."

"Why thank you," he replied with a grin. "So kind of you to say that," he added, looking to the side.

[Dagger Mastery – Lvl 68/100

Determines the user's ability to fight with a dagger.

Increases damage output when fighting with a dagger by 34%.

Increases Speed when fighting with a dagger by 34%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting with a dagger by 34%.]

'Things are coming along nicely,' he thought to himself, cracking his neck. Maybe he should have told them that his training wards were set in a much higher level than theirs, but he thought that might be a bit demoralizing. Or that it might push Jeanne a bit much. She was younger than him though, and it was his duty as an older brother to make sure she was safe.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I know this might feel like a bit of a stop on things altogether, even more than usual. I thought it'd be better to show some game stuff like this than just dump a list of everything in notes or something like that. I think this about covers the more important skills of Joshua that should be noted.

With that out of the way, the chapter wasn't a completely unrelated thing with the rest of the story for the sake of updating you guys though. No, I've dropped hints of things and such, like I usually do. I wonder if you guys might have noticed some of them.

Random Question: Well, I wasn't planning for Setan Kober and Carnwennan to be so… like that, but then again, when do things go like I think they will? Which one of the two did you like more?

See you.
Last edited: Jul 20, 2024
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 257 others
Adrian King
Jul 16, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 79 - I Got My Mind Made Up New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#313
I Got My Mind Made Up

Joshua found himself doing the usual thing while waiting for Kunou to be done with her classes. He usually dropped by earlier than she could show up, but that was mostly because it depended on how fast the girl got through whatever her other teachers were… Well, teaching her. Thus sometimes she'd be waiting for him and sometimes he'd be waiting for her. It wasn't like it was annoying or anything, since he had plenty of things to entertain himself and nobody seemed to mind having him there by himself.

So, he sat there, working on his wards with a cup of tea courtesy of Fuyuko.

He was especially focused, one could say, since this was both pretty important and he'd hit a few breakthroughs on the project. He was working on the Phoenix Ward, after all. Although, he was considering changing the name of the idea, quite honestly. Not only was there some chance of it being turned into a Phoenix Hex instead, but there was also more to it than just Phoenix stuff now.

After all, Asia's Twilight Healing had been added into the mix now. He'd already considered that idea when he'd accepted to take care of her, of course, but he hadn't really focused on it. There'd been a few other things in mind, like the mess that seemed to be the Holy factions and such. However, once things had calmed down and the girl offered to heal them after a training session for the first time… Well, it was difficult not to connect his project with her Sacred Gear.

Which had in turn given him the idea of checking just about any healing information he had in his possession. He'd already gone through the Restorative Ward, which he'd already known before the whole thing even started, and the several Healing Magic books he had at his disposal, but he looked a bit deeper after Asia. He looked for creatures with healing properties for themselves as much as for others. He looked for how other magics could achieve some healing effects of their own. He similarly looked into how other sapient species dealt with that too.

In most cases there wasn't much information, but some details could sometimes stand out and give ideas, new approaches for him to go through. Maybe it was a stretch to say that he'd made a lot of progress since then, but he certainly felt like he'd done more than he had while he was just analyzing Phoenix Tears. He didn't feel particularly close to his goal, but then again, he likely wouldn't until he was right there, finishing the thing.

'I need to see if Serafall can let me use a Phoenix Tear on someone. I'd like to see what data I can get from checking it while it works instead of just letting it sit there on a vial,' Joshua considered, making a note to remind himself to talk with the Satan about that. 'Doesn't need to be myself or someone I know. I just need to see it in action, preferably under my wards but if it comes to it, Magic Sense and Life Sense might be enough to pick up on some things…'

Joshua was then pulled from his thoughts as the door of the room opened. He half expected Kunou to have finished her classes, or maybe Fuyuko would appear with another tray and a cup of tea for him or maybe some snacks. His cup had been empty for barely a few minutes, but the woman had learned how he worked quite a bit already. It was a bit unnerving some times, even if it was also greatly appreciated.

Neither of those two were who entered though. Instead, in came Yasaka, which wasn't that strange, but it was still not quite a usual thing. Or so he thought, maybe he just couldn't quite get used to the idea that a faction leader came to visit him. Especially since there was little to no reason for her to do so. At least Serafall mostly visited to work on the Phoenix Ward – 'definitely changing the name' – even if they usually ended up having sort of a friendly meeting too while at it.

"I'm not interrupting anything, I hope?" the woman asked, taking a seat in front of him on the other side of the table. "I can wait if that's the case."

"Uh, no, it's fine," Joshua replied, blinking and looking down at his notes. He still had a lot to do, but nothing was quite pressing enough to make Yasaka wait, really. "It can wait," he added, pushing his notebook and other things to the side. "Did you need something?"

"Can't I just visit to talk with you?" she asked, raising a delicate eyebrow. She also spoke in that tone that had Joshua wondering how much was teasing and how much was her being serious. It always made him feel a bit nervous, if he was honest.

"Of course you can," he answered quickly, slightly flustered before he calmed himself. Especially so when she gave him a soft smile that told him things were ok. 'Don't do that to me, woman,' he complained in his mind.

"I did have something that I wanted to talk with you," she told him, which had him giving her an unimpressed look. Her response of giggling behind her hand didn't help matters at all, he found. "It's about what you asked me the other day. I think you should do it."

"Are you sure? I know it's more than a little risky. Certainly not inconspicuous," Joshua pointed out, wishing he hadn't brought up the idea with her at all.

"It shouldn't bring as much trouble as you fear. There are several excuses you can use if it comes to that," she reassured him. He knew she was right, but he couldn't help but be nervous. "And if it comes to that, I'll deal with the fallout. I can do that much and, considering everything, I think it'd be worth it."

"... If you say so…" Joshua replied hesitantly before taking a deep breath in and letting it in a sigh. Deflating, he ran his fingers through his hair. "And if it comes to that… Just let me know what I can do to help. I don't like politics but… I guess I won't be able to avoid them all the time."

The smile he got in response to that made him feel a lot better about his unspoken promise.

[}-o-{]​

"Joshua," Sairaorg greeted him, eyes slightly wide and eyebrows raised as the man walked into his study. "I don't remember us agreeing on a meeting."

"We didn't," the human replied with a slight smile as he took the seat across the desk from Sairaorg. "I asked Kuisha to help me have a private conversation with you. Apparently, this is one of the only times nobody is around."

"Oh? And… Why did you have to go through all that trouble?" the devil asked, frowning in confusion.

"Because something's going on with you and I want to know what's that," Joshua said bluntly before taking a deep breath in. "I think we are friends, Sairaorg, and I don't think you know that's important for me. Maybe I misunderstood things, and if I did, I apologize."

"You didn't," Sairaorg replied, looking like he wasn't any closer to finding out what was going on.

"Then why have you been avoiding me?" Joshua asked, making the devil tense up. "You thought I wouldn't notice? Props to you, it took me a while, but we used to see each other a lot, Sairaorg, and all of a sudden I only saw you when we would get everyone together for a meal or maybe some training. Something is going on, and I'd like to know what, if it involves me."

"Joshua, it's nothing bad, it's just…" the man started before trailing off and grimacing. Deflating on his chair, Sairaorg contemplated his next words, which was fine with Joshua. He didn't even truly want to know what was going on. He just wanted to know why his friend had suddenly decided to pull away. A social person, he was not, but Joshua thought he deserved to know at least that much. "Your project, the Phoenix Ward."

"Yes? Serafall told me that some devils wouldn't be happy with me basically stealing away an inherent ability of theirs, is that what the problem here is?" Joshua asked, frowning. That didn't make any sense. Sairaorg had never struck him as that kind of person.

"It's not that, it's…" the devil said then, struggling with words for a long moment before closing his eyes and sighing. When he opened them again, Joshua thought he looked about twice the age he usually appeared to be. "My mother is in a coma, Joshua."

Now that wasn't the kind of thing he'd expected to hear, although maybe he should have. 'I'd forgotten that part,' Joshua thought, holding down a grimace. Still, that didn't make any sense to Joshua anyway. Why was that a problem that made Sairaorg pull away? If anything it should have made things better.

"You are too good, Joshua," Sairaorg told him with a sad smile. "I knew that if I told you, you'd go out of your way to try and make your wards heal her. The thing is… I've made my peace with it, I hate it, but my mother is unlikely to wake up from her sleep," the devil told him, closing his eyes again as he continued speaking. "Rias though, I believe you can do something to help her and I wanted to let you do that… It was hard though, to be next to you and know that I could just say the word and someone would be trying to help my mother."

Joshua took a moment to try and put himself in Sairaorg's place. What would he do, if he found out that someone could maybe bring his parents back? Truly do it, instead of the empty and downright false promises of things like necromancy. What would he do then, if that same hope could mean giving trouble to Jeanne instead of helping her?

He leaned back against the chair he'd taken.

"You are still an idiot," Joshua told his devil friend, getting a chuckle that held very little actual mirth in it. "... Damn it," he cursed, tapping against the armrest of his seat with his fingers. "It'd have been better if you'd said something from the beginning."

"It's ok, Joshua. Nothing says you can't work on it after helping Rias, I was going to wait until then. It's fine," Sairaorg told him, but Joshua knew what he was doing. He was lying through his teeth.

After all, if Joshua could have his parents back, he wouldn't be like "yeah, I can wait, no problem". No, he'd want them back right then and there. Waiting would eat at him every single day and willingly prolonging that, while doable, would destroy him.

"You are a big fucking idiot," Joshua repeated, with emphasis because he felt like he was falling short. "This is what you are going to do, Sairaorg," he told his friend, glaring at him all the while and getting a raised eyebrow in response. "You are going to contact Rias's parents and ask them for as precise a deadline as they can give me. I need to know how much time I have, both the optimistic view and the negative one. After that, you are going to get me all the information on whatever is known about what happened to your mother. Ideally, I'd like to take a look at her with my own spells too."

"Joshua-"

"Shut up," he interrupted, because he honestly didn't care for his reassurances and his promises or whatever. "You are going to do that and I'm going to work to make my spell heal even your mother. Once that's done, I'm gonna kick your ass, you can bet on it," Joshua told him, sighing and bringing his hands up to massage his face. "If I don't think I have enough time for it, I'll push it aside so I can get the spell done faster…"

"... I'm not gonna be able to talk you out of that now, am I?"

"What do you think?" Joshua asked, giving his friend a glare.

"Thank you, Joshua."

"That's what friends are for," he reassured the devil with a tired wave of his hand. "Don't be an idiot again though."

"... I'll try."

"Man, you should fix your roof," Joshua commented, a soft smile on his face as he regarded Sairaorg. "You can't have water leaking like that in here."

"Y-Yeah… I guess you are right."

The healing spell had already been a priority, but as Joshua left the Bael's house… Well, it had moved up even higher.

[}-o-{]​

As everyone was back at his house training, Joshua practiced his own new approach to his Life Concentration. With loud dull sounds, his throwing knives hit the wood of a static target. It was easy for him to hit bullseye, considering the level of his skill and the amount of time he'd practiced doing that, really.

[Throwing Weapon Mastery – Lvl 57/150

Determines the user's ability to fight with throwing weapons.

Increases accuracy when throwing a throwing weapon by 57%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting with a throwing weapon by 14.25%.

Increases damage output when fighting with a throwing weapon by 14.25%.]

The point of the exercise wasn't to raise his Throwing Weapon Mastery though. No, instead, it was to use Life Concentration while he did something else. To that end, Joshua had picked a skill that didn't require much thought at all to practice in the meantime and that didn't really have much strain either. As such, much of his brain was dedicated to using the Senjutsu ability.

The other approach he'd thought of for this was just running on a treadmill, or walking, really, as he'd thought of starting with. Both things didn't require much thought, if any at all. They were things he could do while on autopilot but were still more complex than just sitting still. Maybe he was pushing things a bit to improve faster, but he thought it was guaranteed.

He wanted to get on a good enough level with Senjutsu to use the healing techniques he'd read about. Then he'd be able to more accurately pick up information about it and maybe apply it to his healing spell. He'd already had Yasaka arrange for him to do some testing with her Youkai, but it'd be much better if he could feel the whole process while also doing it himself. That would give him the most information, after all. Besides, it wasn't like he was going out of his way to learn that. Healing Senjutsu was already in his plans, really.

Then he stopped all of a sudden as a screen appeared in front of him.

[Life Concentration has gone up a level.]

'Good,' he mused, taking a deep breath in throwing his head back. The training exercise wasn't physically tiring, but it was certainly mentally so. Somehow, trying not to think about throwing knives while doing so was more difficult than just going about it normally. Sort of like the pink elephant dilemma, he supposed. 'I need a break,' he decided, calling for the next screen as he walked towards a bench against a wall that had a cooler with drinks for everyone.

[Life Concentration - Lvl 6/50

Determines the user's ability to concentrate their life energy.

Increases Life growth speed by 6%.]

'Progress is progress,' he mused, sitting down and closing his eyes as he drank some cold water. With a weary sigh, he decided to take somewhat of a break. Somewhat, because he took out a book to read regarding hexes. There was no such thing as a healing hex, from what he'd found, but that didn't mean he couldn't try to tweak one into existence. Then again, he wondered if that could even be called a hex at all.

The magic branch was, after all, a mainly offensive one. Sure, there were some spells in it that could be considered support and defense, but even those had a nasty twist to them. Hexes weren't made to be nice in any way, was what Joshua had learned quickly.

He still wanted to try though. It'd feel like he was limiting his options if he didn't at least consider using them. Besides, it wasn't like working on that was impacting his ward crafting negatively, so that worked out well. On top of that-

"You shouldn't be doing that," a quiet voice told him, snapping Joshua from his thoughts. Blinking, he turned towards the petite girl with white hair that had taken the seat next to him. She was looking forward though, towards where everyone was training, with her impassive expression as usual. "Senjutsu is bad."

"Is it?" Joshua asked, suddenly wondering why he hadn't thought Koneko might have something to say about his latest practices. If anything, it was a wonder it had taken her so long to bring it up. "From what I've read on the texts I'm learning from and what the youkai I know of have told me, it's safe enough. At least if one is careful about it."

"Easy to get out of control," she told him, her voice barely above a whisper but carrying a surprising amount of firmness with it regardless. "It can take in the malice and ill will, corrupt the user… Make them go mad."

"Hm, I do remember reading something about that," he acknowledged with a hum, considering very carefully what to say. "The texts also said that could mostly happen when in an environment full of those, they poison the place like a miasma. It's not recommended to practice Senjutsu in such places, but it's easily avoidable, from what I've learned."

"... If you say so," the girl mumbled, somehow reaching even lower levels of volume without actually just whispering. "Be careful though," she added, to which he smiled.

"I will, but thanks for the concern," he replied.

"Rias-senpai needs you," the girl told him with a small shrug, to which he chuckled. "And… your familiars and your bonds…"

"Yeah, someone told me about that too," he acknowledged, still grinning. "Still, I appreciate it."

"You are nice," Koneko said then, turning to look at him and speaking a little louder. "You are helping us, and your familiars and Jeanne… they talk."

"You can talk with my familiars?"

"Not really… We can understand each other," she corrected, which made him hum again. He wondered if she could get a sense of them similar to how he did with his bond. Was it more detailed? Less? Or just different altogether? Now he was curious, but he guessed it would be something for another time.

"That's neat," he said, instead of voicing his questions.

Koneko just hummed in response and that was that.

Altogether… Joshua didn't know how to feel about that interaction, if he was honest.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"All I'm saying is that it shouldn't matter if I made a drawing next to the essay. I used all the words I needed and it worked without the drawing, so why did I get less points because of it," she complained, pouting all the while. She didn't even care that she was being childish, she was in the right!

"Then why do the drawing at all?" her mother asked, raising an eyebrow at her.

"Because I thought it looked better like that and I was waiting for the teacher to come back so I got bored and I decided to make the drawing…" she started, her voice slowly turning into a mumbled as she reached the end. "The text was still fine though, they could have just told me not to do it again or something," she grumbled, glaring down at the paper sheet in front of her.

"I know, and that's why I'm going to let this go," her mother told her, making her sigh. "I am going to tell Joshua as soon as he arrives, however."

"But mum!" Kunou protested then. Joshua had told her that he would have to be more strict if she messed up in her classes. She didn't want that.

"No buts," her mother told her firmly. "This was part of the deal, or did you think it would be all good?"

She hadn't. There was even a part of Kunou that wanted to see what Joshua would do on that side of the parental role. Sure, he'd chastised her and taught her stuff and such other times, but it was usually for small stuff. This was a little more serious, she supposed, so she was curious…

A much bigger part of her really wasn't looking forward to it though, because she didn't want to see her mother's disappointed look on Joshua's face either. Would it make her feel just as bad? Would it be worse? Hopefully it wouldn't, but she dreaded finding out.

On another side to the whole thing, it could mean that Joshua would tackle the whole thing together with her mother and that could potentially be very good. If that worked, it might be worth looking into doing things like this some other times… Carefully though, Kunou didn't want to push things too much or have the whole thing backfire on her.

"Didn't think so," her mother said.

"Where is Joshua?" Kunou mumbled, looking towards the door. "He's late."

"He was going to be. He's doing something for you, that's all I'll say about that," her mother said, preemptively denying any questions. That made Kunou pout, but it also made her feel bad. Was he preparing a nice surprise for her? Would she ruin it by receiving him with this…? Now she was looking forward to her dad's arrival even less than before.

"Can we… Mum, can we leave this for another time?" Kunou asked then, placing a hand over her essay and giving her mother her best pleading eyes. "Please?"

All she received was silence and an expression that gave nothing away for a long moment. Then her mother smiled, which was as good as an answer, really, making Kunou beam at her gratefully. Maybe her mother also didn't want to ruin whatever Joshua was doing. That was good on several fronts, Kunou supposed.

"I guess we can, but only because I want both of you to focus on what Joshua is doing," her mother told her, making her grin even wider. What could it be though, if it needed Joshua's focus too? Was he planning another illusion show for her? It'd been a while since the last time. Had he worked out another set of cards for them to add and was keeping it a surprise? "He's here too," her mother picked up on.

A few seconds later, Kunou noticed her dad's arrival. Not long after that, she felt his life energy, nervous but happy, uneasy but hopeful. If anything, his emotions made her even more curious. When he opened the door though, all those thoughts went away together with her concentration.

Joshua had gotten a haircut, which was something that Kunou had expected. He'd seemingly decided some days ago and while it was a little disappointing, she was fine with it. Sure, maybe they would look less alike but not completely, probably, and besides, he was right. They were similar in other ways, so Kunou would be fine with that.

"I hope it looks alright," Joshua commented, some of his nerves bleeding into his voice.

Kunou's eyes glued themselves to his now very short hair. Not because of how it was cut however, even if it looked good enough. No, it was because of a very different reason. Soon, she wasn't able to properly focus on them as tears filled her eyes and everything became blurry. She couldn't believe it.

"It looks good," her mother replied, with probably the worst understatement ever. Kunou could honestly say that it looked amazing, although that had probably a lot less to do with the actual cut than with the other thing he'd done with his hair.

After all, he'd dyed it blond.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Eh… Nothing much to comment. I'm a little nervous about the dyed hair thing though, but I can't even point out why it makes me nervous, honestly. Hopefully it's just me overthinking things like usual.

Anyway, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: Have you ever dyed your hair? I haven't and probably never will really.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 248 others
Adrian King
Jul 16, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 80 - In Teaching You Will Learn New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#315
In Teaching You Will Learn

"Drawing things on essays, huh?" Joshua commented, half amused as he looked over Kunou's work. 'Nice drawing,' he thought to himself, even if he wouldn't voice it. It would likely get Yasaka on his case and encourage Kunou, which would be bad. He already praised her drawings plenty, no need to do it with this one.

There was an unintelligible grumble behind him, where Kunou stood, running her fingers through his hair. As she did, he smiled out of her sight. It'd been a bit of a gamble, to dye his hair like that, but it should be mostly fine. He could just say he wanted to feel closer to Jeanne, his sister. It should be enough to convince people he supposed, and it wasn't even a complete lie.

He still couldn't shake off the feeling that people would connect the right dots together, but that was something for Yasaka and him to deal with in time. As it was, he knew that he'd likely be unable to avoid politics forever anyway. He could help the youkai leader deal with the fallout if it came to it. Kunou's moved expression by itself was worth it, honestly.

Yasaka also seemed quite happy with things, although he couldn't quite understand why. He was pretty sure it would be a chore for her to make sure nobody picked up on the real reason why Joshua did what he did. Then again, she probably also thought it was completely worth it just to make Kunou happy, he supposed.

"You are awesome, dad," Kunou said then, hugging him from behind and resting her head over his shoulder. "Thank you."

"Be sure to tell your mother too. She's the one that will have to deal with things if this backfires," Joshua told her with a smile.

"Thanks, mom."

"Don't mention it, Kunou," the woman waved off, still smiling, looking as pleased as one could be. "Honestly, it was Joshua's idea. I just told him to go for it. Even if things turn bad, we'll both take care of it," she added, widening her smile.

To that, Kunou hummed happily before she moved to sit on Joshua's lap.

"Speaking of… Things are going well, right?" Joshua asked, turning towards Yasaka. "I probably should ask more, all things considered. I kind of focused too much on Khaos Brigade and forgot there might be other things for you to take care of."

"There's nothing for you to worry about, Joshua," Yasaka reassured him, waving off his concern. "I've been doing this job for a long time and, terrorist group notwithstanding, my pantheon is in a rather peaceful moment in time. At least now that the issues with the devils have been mostly solved, or are being solved."

"The thing with Kuoh, right?"

"Among other things," Yasaka nodded. "It was rather simple all along but people can be stubborn, myself included. Sometimes we forget that the other side has its own things to deal with. Serafall is trying though, which is more than I can say of how things were before," the leader explained to him, making him hum.

Just from all the ramblings Serafall had gone on in his presence, he knew that the old Ladies and Lords of Devil society didn't like accepting defeat in any way, even when it wasn't even really that. As it was, the Satans were barely keeping the people under control regarding their own affairs, nevermind things with other factions.

'The Healing Spell will be quite the big thing though,' Joshua considered then, narrowing his eyes. 'A bit of overkill to just get Rias's free, according to Serafall. So… Maybe I can use that for a little more.'

"Well, if I succeed with the Healing Spell, I might have enough pull on the Devils to smooth things over," Joshua commented, drawing a wide-eyed look from Yasaka. "Besides that, I don't know if I could do much. Maybe offer to ward some of their territories. I'm a human though, most of them probably wouldn't be interested… at best."

"It's fine, I couldn't ask you to do any of that, Joshua," Yasaka told him. Joshua did notice that her smile was… weird, although he couldn't quite put his finger on why and Life Sense wasn't helping much. Then again, that skill tended to not be all that useful when it came to Yasaka. "The fact that you are thinking about doing such things is enough for me."

"I mean, considering everything, I think I can at least try to make your job easier. It might open up some of your schedule to spend time with Kunou," he told her with a half-smile before turning his head slightly to look at his daughter, who was grinning widely as she looked at the two of them. "She'll get tired of me otherwise."

"Dad, don't be stupid," the girl protested, elbowing him and pouting adorably. "I won't get tired of you, stupid," she mumbled then, huffing and crossing her arms.

"Sure you won't," he replied with a grin and a shake of his head. "But she'll still enjoy having her mother around more often, if it's possible," he added, looking towards Yasaka again.

"If you are determined to do this…" the woman started, trailing off at the end. He guessed she didn't want to impose, and it kind of was against what he usually said but… Not helping because he hated politics left him feeling bad, so he might as well push through. With some luck, it wouldn't be as bad as he feared.

"Just remember that I have no idea how to do any politicking, so I'll need help or I'll just make things worse," Joshua said wryly, drawing a beaming smile from Yasaka. "Otherwise, sure, why not? I think I threw myself off the deep end a long time ago, honestly," he mumbled, looking again at Kunou's essay. "Now, I think we have a class to start, don't we?" he asked.

"Dad!" Kunou protested, drawing a raised eyebrow from both Yasaka and him. The former of which was the one the girl saw, making her deflate. "Fine…"

[}-o-{]​

"Nice job, Karin," Joshua said, making the nervous girl beam at him while he read over the circle she'd worked on. "I'm not an expert in your… Nature Magic, was it?" he asked then, getting a quick nod in response. "Right, I don't know all that much about it, but everything looks good to me. We can do some testing in the next class with everyone else that's done a decent enough job or wants to go for it," he said, speaking a little louder so others would hear.

There were some whispers and such, but he placed the sheet down in front of Karin and gave her a smile before continuing with the next student. The next happened to be the boy that had been getting Joshua's attention for a while now. He hadn't asked for the guy's name just yet, but his work was certainly interesting. This instance wasn't much different.

"What was your magic again?" Joshua asked, frowning at the sheet in his hands. It read somewhat similar to Healing magic and all the work on the Healing Spell he'd been so far too. Not quite as powerful though, not even close, but it didn't seem to be the emphasis of the spell or the magic. Healing over time seemed to be more like it.

"Ah, Recovery Magic," the boy replied, bringing a hand up and rubbing the back of his head. "It's, ah, healing magic, but with slow effects. Boosts the, um, time it takes for someone to heal from wounds or illness, mainly the latter. It's not very, um, popular, since it takes so long to take effect but it's what my family does so…"

"No such thing as a bad branch of magic as far as I've seen," Joshua said, setting the sheet down and looking at the boy. "All magics have strong points and all magics have weak points. What are yours?"

"Er, I mean, Recovery Magic is… slow, as I said," the boy stammered, seemingly growing more and more nervous. Especially then, since the rest of the class had grown interested in their conversation. "But it's… It can heal things that give trouble to most healing magics. Curse damage and such, f-for example, it takes time but it can… cure them too."

"I see," Joshua mused, his eyes darting back to the sheet and then to the boy again. "What's your name?"

"G-George, eh, Pickingill, Professor Davis," the boy stuttered, eyes growing wide.

"What association are you from, George?" Joshua asked then, seemingly making the guy even more nervous and the class even more interested. He wasn't sure why though. Sure, he hadn't asked any of them that question before, but it wasn't that big of a deal, right?

"Er, I'm from here, actually… From House of Water, sir," George replied after visibly calming himself. "Is… Is something the matter, Professor Davis?"

"Nothing for you to worry about, George, and your work looks good, pretty good, actually," he said, trying to make the boy relax a little, which he succeeded in. The poor student still looked to be shaking but at least he didn't seem to be about to pass out. Small victories, Joshua supposed.

The rest of the class continued much the same, with Joshua going over people's adjusted seals and commenting on them. Many were still making mistakes here and there, but that seemed to be the norm for people, Joshua supposed. Either that, or his class was filled with incompetent people, but he was sure that wasn't the case.

"Ok, everyone, next class we will be testing the circles we checked today," Joshua announced, with every eye on him. "In the meantime, go over them and apply the corrections I pointed out. If your work is good or you think you are done with the corrections at some point, use the extra time to look for a new spell to modify. This time though, we'll be making big changes," he announced, making more than one person pale or groan. "No worries about it though, this is a long term project that will span several classes, but it's better to get started sooner rather than later. That's all, see you next class."

"Thank you, Professor Davis," the class as a whole said, making Joshua grin wryly as he usually did when they did that. He still wasn't over that measure of respect that the students seemed to have for him. Fortunately, he was getting used to being called Davis, at least.

'With that out of the way…' he thought, turning towards Morag, who peeked over the back of his chair and waved one of her legs. With a smile and a roll of his eyes, he walked closer before she jumped on him before attaching herself to his back. 'There's a talk to be had here,' he mused

"I have something to do, but I'll see you in a bit back home, alright, Morag?" he asked, getting an affectioned pull of his now short hair before he teleported the spider back to his house.

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"You didn't meet him," she said, eyeing Elizabeth with a frown. "I gave you the chance, served on a silver platter and wrapped with a nice bow and… You didn't meet him," she clarified, giving her head a shake as if that would get things to make sense, but it didn't.

"So impatient, Waterhouse," the woman replied with a shake of her head. "Unlike you, I can wait and make the proper preparations for such a thing. Joshua Davis isn't some nobody that can be met at any time."

"... You learned something," Agnes accused with narrowed eyes. What Elizabeth could have learned to make her step back from Joshua, she didn't know but it was an interesting thing to find out regardless. "How very interesting, indeed," she mumbled, tilting her head and smiling at her fellow magician's frustrated expression.

Before the conversation could go on though, her secretary's voice reached them.

"Director Agnes, Joshua Davis wants to see you," she said and Agnes blinked. After a second though, she sent a curious expression towards Elizabeth, who seemed to have tensed up. Báthory didn't say anything to her look though.

"Send him in," Agnes said, grinning widely at the glare Elizabeth sent her way. "Joshua, so good to see you," she greeted as the man walked inside her office. As he did, his eyes found Elizabeth in one of the seats in the room and gave her a narrow-eyed gaze. "Can I just say, I like the new look."

"Thank you," Joshua wryly replied. "It's good to see you too, Director Agnes," he greeted back then, before turning once more to the other woman in the office. "I don't think we've met," he said then, but there was something in his tone that Agnes couldn't quite place.

"Elizabeth, nice to meet you," Báthory said, trying to appear innocent and prompting a snort from Agnes. She also didn't elaborate on her surname. Agnes didn't really care for her fellow magician though. Instead, she asked a question to the new arrival at her office.

"Something I can do for you, Joshua?" she voiced, pulling herself together so she could be properly professional. It wouldn't do to unknowingly insult such a good asset for her institution.

"Actually, yes, there is," Davis replied, making her blink at the blunt answer. "George Pickingill, he's one of my students, one of your members and he's in my class," he said, making her frown. Agnes knew quite a few of the students in the class, some promising, some well connected. George Pickingill didn't ring any bells though. She knew the surname, for sure, it was an old one, one with weight. Even the full name held importance once upon a time, but the person itself… She was drawing a blank.

"What about him, did he give you trouble?" she asked, narrowing her eyes. Joshua Davis was a gold mine waiting to be exploited, after all. She wouldn't let him go easily. If one of their students gave the man trouble… Well, there were ways to deal with such trouble, that was for sure.

"On the contrary, I want to work more closely with him. He's got a good head on his shoulders, he works well and he has a good attitude for modifying spells. He also specializes in a branch of magic I'm interested in," Joshua told her, and suddenly Agnes was making plans that were quite different in regards to Pickingill. "I wanted to ask you if it'd be alright for me to interact with him outside of the classroom. I'm not very familiar with the workings of magical associations besides what I've had to personally deal with myself."

That… Well, that was fine, all things considered.

"That shouldn't be a problem. If you want him to be your apprentice or something, that's where things can get a little messy," Agnes informed him, making him curiously tilt his head. "If you wanted that, it'd complicate matters, because having one of our people apprentice with an outsider would be like admitting that our own people weren't good enough. You have quite the reputation, but it'd still be troublesome."

"I see… Well, I don't plan on going quite that far. Our branches are quite different, at least the main ones. However, I'll keep that in mind," Joshua said then before nodding. "On that note, have you considered what I asked before? About having another class?"

"I did, and we'd be open to that idea, but there was something I wanted to speak with you about before that," Agnes said then, before her eyes found Elizabeth again. "If you'd leave us for a bit, Elizabeth?" she asked then, visibly annoying the other woman, but she hid it well. A second later, she stood up.

"I'll be outside, so we can continue our conversation later," the woman said as she left, Agnes and, surprisingly, Joshua following her with their eyes. Curiously, the Director noticed that it took a moment before Joshua looked back at her.

"So…?"

"Joshua, you are a great teacher. Too good, in fact," Agnes bluntly told him, very clearly taking the man off guard. "Most other magical teachers are a lot more reluctant to give away their knowledge to other people. It's basically giving away the things you've worked so hard to learn yourself. Giving up an advantage."

"Isn't that what being a teacher is all about?" Joshua asked dryly, drawing a chuckle from Agnes.

"It is, generally speaking, but in the magical community, that's not how it works," Agnes told him. "Most teachers would give their students as little as they can get away with. It's why most associations ask for a minimum success score for their classes. So that they won't keep too much to themselves."

"And you didn't do that with me because…"

"Because you were new to this community and I wanted to earn myself some favor. I didn't expect for it to work so in my favor, honestly," she admitted, drawing a tilt of his head. "Now though, I can't do that anymore. If I did, I'd risk you finding out in some way and wanting to get away from us, which I can't have. So, sadly, I have to tell you that you can probably ask for a lot for your services," she told him begrudgingly.

For a long moment, Joshua stared at her before nodding slowly.

"Good to know. Thank you for telling me," the man replied slowly, consideringly. She expected something else to be said. Maybe for him to ask for more payment for the class he was giving already or something like that. Maybe to reconsider teaching another class. Maybe… any number of things. "So, about that second class?" he asked then, which was something that Agnes hadn't considered him doing, at least not so… casually.

"Of course you can. House of Water would be honored to have you teach even more in its halls. I have to say though, that we'd likely need to agree on a payment beforehand," the Director told Joshua, drawing a slow nod from him. "I'm sure we won't have any problems in that regard, however. If you would just tell me what you want in exchange for another class and what you want to teach?"

"I honestly don't have anything I want right now," Joshua replied then, making Agnes blink. "Consider it a favor on my part. One that you can repay me at a later date or in a way you see fitting. I have it on good authority that you can't really scam me, even with an open ended deal like that," the man told her, regarding her with a neutral expression that Agnes was starting to think was rather dangerous. Certainly more than the usually laid back one Joshua always wore. "What do you say?"

"... And what would you be teaching?" Agnes asked, considering that. Joshua Davis was a person that was gaining renown the more time passed and the more knowledge about what he could do spread around. Having him teach Spatial Magic, Neutral Magic or even Illusion Magic would be amazing. If Agnes could convince him to teach Hex Magic, it'd be a great win for her people-

"Ward Magic," Joshua answered, almost casually, as if he hadn't just dropped a bombshell on her.

His main magic.

Joshua was offering to teach his main branch of magic to her people. She would have drooled at the chance to have the man whose wards kept Annihilation Maker at bay teach how to use those very spells at her institution. She had to wonder if it wasn't too much, even. How was she supposed to repay such a thing?

However, she couldn't pass up on such an opportunity.

"I'm almost scared of what I'll have to pay for that," Agnes admitted, drawing a pleased expression from Joshua as he grinned at her. "But of course, I'll have everything ready for you to start soon."

"I'm glad we could reach an agreement so easily," Joshua said, nodding and standing up before she even said anything else. "Also, Agnes," he started, forgoing her title of Director for the first time. "I've liked working here and I like how… easy it is to deal and work with you and your association. There's no unnecessary nonsense, which I appreciate," he said then, but the expression on his face didn't let Agnes enjoy the praise to her and her people. "Be very careful though, because if you mess up… Just, don't do it," he added ominously, making her gulp.

"Wouldn't dream of it," she replied honestly, drawing a hum from Joshua.

"Good to hear," he said with a nod. "See you around."

As she watched the man leave, Agnes couldn't shake the feeling that she'd dodged a bullet there. 'I don't think I even want to know what that was about,' she thought to herself. For the moment though, she let herself relax.

[}-o-{]​

[Elizabeth Báthory]

As she saw Davis step out of Agnes's office, she stood up. She had to pause though, as the man walked towards her instead of away from the place. The warder stopped in front of her and regarded her for a moment.

"I don't know who you are, Elizabeth," he said then, with piercing blue eyes that made her stiffen ever so slightly. Her magic stirred, ready to fight if necessary. "I don't know why you went to my classroom that day, but that's the first time that someone out of my class does that and doesn't have anything to do there."

So, he had felt her, annoying but not unexpected.

"Agnes doesn't like you," he added, making her eye twitch. "So, you've got two points against you. I'd be very careful if I were you."

"Are you threatening me?" she asked with her eyes narrowed. The gall of the man. Maybe he was more than what she had expected, but she could still take him if it came to it. His wards and hexes might be impressive, for sure, but if she didn't give him time to react-

"Yes, I am," he answered bluntly, making her blink. "I already have things to deal with that are incredibly dangerous and annoying. I don't want to have anything else on my plate right now."

"Just because Agnes favors you-" she started, before she felt killing intent wash over her.

"I don't like you either. I can feel very wrong things about you," Davis said, taking another step closer and she felt her body lock up as he twirled a dagger in his hand. 'When did he take that out?' she wondered, disturbed. "I hope I'm reading too much into it, but all things considered… I've got my eyes on you, Elizabeth," the man said before his free hand found itself in his pocket.

Elizabeth followed the movement apprehensive before he took out a crystal construct of a lotus. For a single second, she was confused. The mystery cleared itself up when she felt something wash over her. A power that was both familiar and not, the power of gods, the power of Egyptian gods. It'd have been remiss of her not to recognize the feeling of some of the most important patrons of her association.

"And I've got more backing than that, just to let you know, Elizabeth," Davis told her, moving the item back to his pocket and she let out a breath she hadn't known she was holding in. "Prove me wrong, please," the man said, before sighing and deflating, which immediately made the oppressive aura he'd unleashed in the room disappear.

She almost deflated in relief when she saw him move away and start turning. It was a short-lived feeling though, because before he fully looked away, he gave her one last glance. Elizabeth gulped as a very uncomfortable silence spread over them for a long second.

"You are powerful," the man commented and Elizabeth couldn't even bring herself to be pleased by the compliment. "I'd much rather have you as an ally than as an enemy… just saying," he added, almost absentmindedly as he started walking away.

'Joshua Davis,' Elizabeth thought after she was left alone outside Agnes's office once more. 'What an interesting man. Interesting, and frightening,' she mused, her eyes still looking in the direction Davis had left.

It seemed that she had a lot to think about in regards to him, again.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Man, I've had some actual plot in mind for a while but things continue to pop up and my characters continue doing stuff before I can get to that. I'm honestly starting to wonder when they'll let me move on with some other stuff. Shouldn't be too long before I manage to get to that… if we are all lucky.

If not, well, you'll have to bear with me for a while more, I guess.

Still, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Some of you might have noticed that Agnes, Elizabeth and George are more than simple OCs. A simple google search of their names can tell you why. The question is: Do you know who Karin is supposed to be considering that pattern?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 250 others
Adrian King
Jul 16, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 81 - The Thunder Rolls- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#318
The Thunder Rolls-

[Asia Argento]

"I don't know why you are so shy about asking for something," she remembered Jeanne saying. "But go for it and ask Joshua. I'm sure he'll make whatever it is happen. He likes you a whole lot, so I'm sure it'll be fine. Honestly," the girl had told her.

And yet, Asia couldn't help but be nervous. She'd always struggled to get even the smallest things back at the church and now… Now she felt like she was getting too much. To make things worse, her greed had to rear its ugly head, making her want even more things. Why couldn't she be happy with her new situation, with things as they were. Joshua was great, Jeanne was nice and everyone else she met was the same…

However, there she was, approaching Joshua to ask for more.

She stopped on the door to the garden, looking around the flower beds. They were looking much better than when she arrived, truth be told. Where before the plants had been barely clinging to life with weeds almost growing over them, now they were much healthier with no weeds in sight. Asia was very proud of that, really.

It was no surprise that things had been like that, really, considering that neither Joshua nor Jeanne cared for them. Asia didn't really blame them. They trained a lot and Jeanne had school to attend to on top of that, nevermind other things she had to do, like going out with friends, practicing with her club and so on. As for Joshua, he was a very busy man indeed. As it was, it was a wonder he could do as much as he did.

Asia thought it was a shame though, which was why she'd taken to caring for the plants around the place. It made the whole place look much more lively. On top of that, it had made Joshua and Jeanne happy, with the former even thanking her with yet another celebratory meal and all.

Now though…

She turned towards Joshua, who was sitting in the middle of the garden with a notebook in his hands and resting on Nagini's body like she was a large beanbag. It made for a humorous sight… at least for anyone that was familiar with Nagini. Asia could easily imagine how concerning it would be to see a man surrounded by so much deadly snake.

What was a little concerning for her though, was when Nagini looked up at her, noticing her arrival. The young nun didn't want to admit it, since it would be rude to Joshua's familiar, but she didn't think she'd ever be able to look at the snake's eyes and not be unnerved. There was something very… unsettling about them. Not just on how they looked but on how they made her feel.

"Asia? Did you need anything?" Joshua asked, only slightly tilting his head in her direction. Asia didn't need to look directly at him to know that she had his attention though. The man had proved to be a very giving person already.

"I… I had a request," she said, suddenly losing whatever resolution she'd managed to muster due to Jeanne's words. She still spoke though, and that meant Joshua heard. The man confirmed this when he sat a little straighter before pulling himself to a standing position. Nagini, for her part, coiled onto herself before raising her head to be at the same level as Joshua's.

"What is it? I know we've been kind of imposing on you to heal us during training. If you need anything, just say the word," the man told her kindly, walking towards her.

Asia dearly wanted to tell him that he was already doing a whole lot for her. He was teaching her, so that she'd be able to live in her new surroundings without problems. He was offering a warmer, more welcoming home than she'd ever had before. He was kinder than she deserved as it was.

With his newly dyed blond hair, she sometimes wondered if that one was his real hair color and he had been an angel in disguise before.

"Asia?" Joshua asked softly, breaking her from her thoughts.

"I just… I've been enjoying… Um, taking care of the plants here," she mumbled, fidgeting with her hands.

"I've noticed, and it's great. Certainly makes everything look better. I'm grateful for that too," Joshua said, as if she had been reminding him of a favor instead of starting to tell him of her request.

"I… Well, I was thinking… I'd like… I mean, I'd appreciate… I mean," she mumbled, stumbling on her words as she tried to remember how she'd planned to voice her question.

"Asia, calm down," Joshua reassured her softly, placing a hand on her shoulder. "Breathe," he told her, taking a deep breath in himself to demonstrate. When she followed his example, he smiled at her. "Now, what did you want? Just say it, I promise it'll be fine."

"I was just wondering… I'd like to care for the plants more, but I don't know… And I thought some more plants would be nice… And I know Mr. Joshua uses plants for some of his spells so I thought…" she stammered then, speaking as quickly as she could before she lost her nerve. "But it's fine if not. I'll still like tending to the plants we already have so-"

"Asia," Joshua interrupted, his smile having widened as she spoke. "It's fine. I'll make a call or two and get you all the books about plants you want, ok?" he told her, making her smile shyly at him. "And sure, just tell me what plants you'd want and I can get them for you. As for plants I need for spells… I think I can get some, I think," he explained, growing a little hesitant at the end. "Some of the ones I need are… a little more dangerous, so I think I can continue buying those when I need them."

"I can take care of those too, I can learn!" Asia protested with a frown. This could be her way to repay Joshua for the favor. She didn't want it to be limited. She was good with plants, she could do it.

"... Why do I feel like I won't be able to convince you to let it be?…" Joshua asked perceptively as she gave him her best determined expression. "Fine, I guess you can try, but after you learn how to take care of them."

"Of course," she beamed at him as the man grinned wryly at her. "Thank you, Mr. Joshua."

"Don't mention it, Asia. Thank you for doing all these. You didn't need to," he told her, his smile turning soft once more. "I appreciate it."

"I like doing this. I enjoy caring for the plants. It's something for myself," she told him so that maybe he would understand. His laugh didn't really leave things very clear for her, but at least he wasn't thinking badly of her, maybe.

"Yeah, I guess you could see it like that. Never change, Asia," he replied, placing a hand on her head and ruffling her hair lightly.

To that, she just hummed, even if she wasn't sure what that was about.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"And that's the last one," Joshua said, setting down the last cup on the table. "Did we get them all right?" he asked, looking around the set of tables that they'd set together for the group that had arrived at the cafe. It was getting to the point where he was considering buying a larger table and be done with it. After all, this very group had been visiting for a while and he was fairly sure that they would continue to do so.

"Thank you, Joshua, you are awesome as usual!" the girl with short pink hair replied.

"And Hyoudou wasn't too bad, I guess," the one with long brown hair pulled into pigtails added, much more reluctantly.

"I hope you enjoy the stay and the drinks," Issei said, almost sounding professional, which had Joshua grinning.

"And if you need anything, just give us a call, yes?" Joshua added for his part, receiving a bunch of positive replies from the girls from the kendo club. As he moved away, he saw Jeanne whispering something to Issei before the boy moved towards him.

"Everything ok?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Yes!" he exclaimed, suddenly sounding scared, which had Joshua blinking in surprise. "I mean, yes, sorry, Jeanne was just… congratulating me, in a way."

"You've been doing surprisingly well, honestly," Joshua told the boy with a nod, which caused the boy to deflate instead of feeling proud. He guessed it was due to the "surprisingly", but the boy deserved that one. "Jeanne told me that you've been sort of slipping at school though," he continued, making the guy straighten his back and go back to being scared. "I told you to stay away from those two, they aren't gonna help you with this, you know?"

"I know that, I'm trying to get them to change too, but…" Issei grumbled before deflating. "They… don't see the problems with what they do."

"I mean, you were like that too," Joshua pointed out.

"Don't have to remind me," the boy muttered, looking to the side. "But the wake up call was enough for me… Why wasn't it for them? It was quite something, to realize that we were… That we weren't being nice," the teenager managed to say, struggling to get his message across.

"Still-"

"Look, I… I'll convince them, ok?" Issei interrupted, sounding both annoyed and nervous, which was an interesting combination. "I just… I'll convince them," The boy added, sighing and starting to walk away. "Not like anyone else will be my friend now anyway," he mumbled, probably not meaning to be heard by anyone, but Joshua did.

For a long moment, the man couldn't take his eyes off of the boy before he pursed his lips. That… That hit a little too close to home for him. Granted, he had never driven people away like Issei had, or at least he didn't think so. But… That worry, that fear of rejection that kept one away…

Joshua sighed before making his way to the kendo table. He walked towards Jeanne, just in case Issei saw him, but he actually wanted to talk to all of them. Maybe it was a bad idea to meddle in someone else's life more than was asked of him, but… Well, he'd taken on the task of helping Issei when he accepted him as a worker in his cafe. 'Might as well go the extra mile, right?'

"Can I ask you girls for a favor?" he asked, leaning down to make it seem like he was talking with Jeanne. All this seemed to draw curious looks from everyone else at the table/s.

"Sure thing, Joshua, what can we do for you?" one of the older girls asked instantly, beaming at him, which made him smile back. As he looked around to see if everyone agreed with that, he didn't see the pink dusting on the girl's cheeks.

"I need help with the next step of Hyoudou's… rehabilitation, I guess," he said, drawing some frowns, but overall everyone still looked to be good with things. "He's doing fine, I'm told, but his friends aren't really helping him with that. I'm sure you agree." To that, several of the girls nodded. "So, I need to get him away from them and with… better people, if you know what I mean."

"So, he needs better friends so that he can act normally without being the odd one out," Jeanne said, immediately understanding where he was going. He wasn't very sure if that guess was her or the voices, but it didn't really matter, he supposed.

"So, any ideas?"

"I… might have one," the pink haired girl from before said, very reluctantly.

"Well, any help is welcome. Just… don't be too obvious, yeah? Or too manipulative. Issei seems to be a nice boy from what I've seen, he's just… not that smart," Joshau explained wryly, which drew giggles from the rest of the table. "Thanks for the help, girls. I'll stop bothering you."

"Don't mention it, Joshua," the one with brown hair and pigtails said before her smile turned into a bit of a grimace. "And Hyoudou… has been more… decent, as of late. So, I guess we can let bygones be bygones," she muttered, like saying the words was a struggle. The rest of the girls seemed to agree though.

"That's great to hear. Issei's been a great help here from what I've seen and what my employees have told me. So, I want to return some of that, help him back, you know. He's not a bad kid," Joshua said, aware that he was repeating himself a little, but he didn't want Issei to be an outcast, not when he was trying so hard to make things better.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua looked on with eyes slightly widened as if trying to take in more of the sight before him. A smile spread over his face, almost mirroring the excited one on Kunou's. Next to him, he could feel the warm presence of Yasaka through Life Sense too. However, he focused mainly on the illusion Kunou was casting.

It was a simple thing, but the important part was that his daughter had crafted the spell herself from start to finish. He hadn't pointed out a single thing, not even told her if she made a mistake. It had taken Kunou quite some time to pull it off, carefully going over the spell again and again as she searched for anything she might have missed.

In the end, she'd presented the spell before him and said she'd cast it without him checking it. She wanted to see if she could make an illusion by herself. An ultimate test, as it were. Joshua had readily agreed, setting up his wards for spell testing he'd perfected in his House of Water classes.

It seemed that those wouldn't be necessary, however. Things were going well so far. Not that he was overly concerned, really. Illusions tended not to cause the spectacular results of other wrongly crafted spells did. They could still do so, of course, but it was less likely, or so Joshua felt.

He pushed those thoughts aside though, since nothing was happening.

Instead, he focused on the fox person that Kunou had crafted. It didn't look familiar, the fox-eared man, but then again, many of her cards didn't remind him of anyone… At least those that weren't the Fox Queen and the Fox Princess, that is.

The illusion then opened his mouth and sang, not with words though, but with a… Joshua wasn't sure what it was called, actually. The melody was beautiful, however, and that was the important part, he felt. So, he listened and watched as the fox-man sang, gently swaying on his feet while his arms moved softly in the air, dancing to his own song.

"Hm, what-what do you think?" Kunou asked once it became evident that the illusion finished its loop and started again.

"It's amazing, Kunou, you did a great job with it," Yasaka told her daughter, gesturing for a hug that the child happily accepted. "You've been working very hard on it, haven't you?"

"I didn't want to just present a good one, I wanted it to be perfect."

"Well, you did amazingly," Joshua told her with a soft smile, his eyes moving from the girl to her illusion. "I don't think I could even improve on that. It's really good."

"You think so?"

"I know so," he corrected her with a grin.

"Well, I had a great teacher," the girl said shyly, her arms still wrapped around her mother.

"You sure did," Yasaka agreed, making him awkwardly bring a hand up to rub the back of his neck. "I think I might have been doing you a disservice with how much I pay you."

"Yasaka, you shouldn't be paying me at all," Joshua told her with a wry smile. "I'm her dad, aren't I? Can't really accept payment for teaching my daughter, can I?"

"I guess you can't," Yasaka admitted then, her eyes turning to Kunou who was beaming even harder. She tended to react like that when Joshua really drove home the fact that he saw her as his daughter too, that she wasn't one-sidedly pushing things on him. Silly girl.

"Anyway, I think this deserves a celebratory meal, don't you?" he asked, looking towards Kunou. He almost could see the stars appearing in her eyes as she started bouncing. "Yes, dessert and all."

"Yay!" she cheered, throwing her arms up in the air and drawing a chuckle from him and a giggle from her mother. "Can I ask for the food and the dessert, please, please~!" she continued then, giving him her best kit fox eyes, like they were even necessary at all

"Sure thing, Kunou. Whatever you want," he caved immediately. Although, to be fair, he wasn't even resisting to begin with.

"Within reason," Yasaka added, giving her daughter a look before she turned it to him. He chuckled nervously, looking away from her eyes. Yeah, he didn't want disappointed eyes directed at him, that was for sure. Or at least he didn't want to see them.

"I just wanna say, it's not my fault she's that adorable. How am I supposed to tell her no?" he asked, scratching the back of his neck. He heard her sigh then. "So, what should I-?" he started, before freezing.

"Joshua?" Yasaka asked, blinking at his sudden shift. He brought a hand up telling her to wait for a second as he confirmed something.

"I have to go," he said, his tone completely different from the one he'd been using so far. "Someone triggered one of my traps," he said, making Yasaka's face change to something similar to what he imagined he himself looked like.

He was very annoyed then and there. Of all times someone could step inside one of the many wards he'd set to try and catch Khaos Brigade members… It just had to be when his daughter was having a moment for herself, didn't it? Of course.

Now Joshua was annoyed.

"I'll deal with this as fast as I can, those dinner plans are still up. You can start thinking about what you want to have, yeah?" he said, trying to regain some of his cheer so that Kunou's mood wouldn't be completely ruined. "Can you get the things I'll need to prepare it, Yasaka?"

"Of course, if it comes to that, I'll have my servants prepare it for when you come back," the woman offered, but it didn't really reassure him. He didn't want to be late for a celebration that was for Kunou.

Damn it all, whoever it was that had triggered his wards better be sorry and cooperative or he'd go from annoyed to angry. They definitely had terrible timing and Joshua was very keen on letting them know the extent of his displeasure. As it was though, he reigned in his emotions as best he could.

"Be good for your mother, yeah?" he said then, pulling Kunou towards him and giving her a kiss on her forehead. "I'll see you later."

"Of course, dad," she mumbled, smiling shyly at him. "Take care."

"You too."

And with that, he turned towards Yasaka who gave him a nod when she shifted her defenses so that he could teleport out. Immediately, he was taken in by a circle. Once on the other side of the spell, he let a frown appear on his face as he looked around at the people on the ground.

"You better fucking spill the beans really quick, because I'm not in the mood. There's no good cop here, only me," he added, pulling at his wards so that they more harshly affected the grounded people. People that were definitely Khaos Brigade, he noticed now that he could better sense his wards. They had the same circles that he'd previously encountered on other members of the terrorist organization.

"We are not gonna talk," one of them groaned but Joshua paid him no mind.

"We'll see if you say that when I put an Oppressing Hex over you so strong that your bones break and your insides start turning to mush, yeah?" Joshua hissed, placing even more force on the Weighting Ward over them to give them a little taste of what awaited them if they remained stubborn. "I really don't have it in me to be patient or soft right now, because you had just about the worst timing ever. I have stuff to do, so I'll make this quick, one way or another."

"In your dre-" another started before being interrupted as Joshua unleashed his Bloodlust. It was a skill he wasn't fond of and he'd used it a handful of times in the past, if that, but… Maybe it was warranted at that moment.

[Bloodlust has gone up a level.]

Ignoring the pop up screen, he continued glaring at the fallen Khaos Brigade members.

"Now, I'm going to listen, and you are going to talk, am I clear?" he asked, putting more power on the Weighting Wards once more for emphasis. "I don't think your bodies can take much more weight before something starts giving in, just saying," he added, almost casually. His mind supplied a bunch of ideas for spell tests he could use these new prisoners for if they didn't feel cooperative enough.

He wasn't nearly as disgusted as he should have been by them, he knew. Then again, they had interrupted one of Kunou's moments. Joshua could almost see the girl's disappointed face when he had to leave. How many times had he felt that way, when his parents suddenly had other things to do when they had plans? He'd be there for dinner and make Kunou the best dessert ever.

And these idiots weren't going to stop him.

No, sir, they wouldn't.

"Talk," Joshua hissed.

And they did, but it only made him grow more annoyed, because they were lying. Sure, they spewed stuff about their organization. Half truths, from what he could pick up from his wards and his Sensing skills, at best that is. They were telling him what he wanted to hear, but they were hiding something.

It almost reminded him of Kunou, hiding that she was skipping a class or procrastinating on her homework. The comparison, far from helping him calm down, only angered Joshua more. He was growing tired, even with all the time that had passed since he had to deal with Khaos Brigade.

Not a day passed when he wasn't worried they'd pull some shit on him. Would they attack Kyoto again? Put Kunou at risk? Would they target Issei, like he imagined they had in the original story? Would they pull some other bullshit on him?

Would they bring chaos into the world and onto his life as he feared?

He'd remember that occasionally, a mere moment, drops in the ocean of his life…

Poisoned drops that he wanted gone.

[Bloodlust has gone up a level.]

"What," he hissed, glaring at the one person that had remained silent in their group. "Are you hiding from me? Talk," he ordered, snarling.

"Why, warder," the woman said, smirking at him, even from where she laid, flat on the forest ground and pressed roughly against it. "Only the fact that you've annoyed us, our higher ups and quite a few more people," she told him, managing to sound in control, despite the strain in her voice and the ridiculously underpowered position she was in. "Only that you will pay for that, and dearly, Joshua Davis."

And then he felt it, an intrusion in another of his wards.

Intrusion that made him freeze.

"You dare," he growled. "I'll come back for you. Every single one of you fucking idiots is gonna die. I promise."

"If you live, Joshua Davis."

He didn't answer her, but he cared little for her words anyway.

So he just teleported… straight to Philip's house.

He had a bunch of crows to kill.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, well, well…

Finally something other than SoL, huh? I know, I know, it took me forever to get here. I have nothing to say in my defense other than blaming my muse. Everytime I felt like doing something like this, it just kept going like "Not yet, we could do this before that!" and came up with new SoL fragments.

Finally though, we get some action at last.

Anyway, mini-rant aside, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What Egyptian deity do you think our boy will have to deal with next?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 237 others
Adrian King
Jul 17, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 82 - -And The Lightning Strikes New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#325
-And The Lightning Strikes

[Stray Exorcists]

The mission was supposed to be easy, from what they had been told.

Attack the house of the mundane relative of a magician that had pissed off their superiors. Whoever had made an enemy of the Fallen Angels they served would pay and that was that. Sure, they were told the house was supposed to be warded, but this wouldn't be the first nor the last secured location they'd attack, they knew.

All wards and defenses had their weaknesses and this one's had been fairly easy to find. They didn't even have to look very hard… or at all. There was literally nothing stopping them from walking in. All their experts could pick up on were detection spells and a few more things but there was no barrier whatsoever.

As they moved in on the house though, that's when they realized that there might be more to it all than just that. After all, when a few of their people moved inside the wards and the first Fallen Angel floated forward, a spell activated. The most their experts could tell about it was that it was a teleportation spell, but nobody had appeared or disappeared.

The uncertainty stopped them for a moment. Was it something with a hidden purpose, a trap of some kind? Was it a false trigger, meant to confuse them or frighten them? Was it something else?

"Keep moving," one of the Fallen Angels commanded and the Stray Exorcists moved. Some of them fueled by twisted devotion to creatures that were more dark than holy at that point, some others out of fear and a few, out of a completely different motivation than the one they'd followed before in their lives. "It was nothing," the corrupted thing told them and the exorcists trusted it, for what else could they do?

What did they amount to, in the end, compared to a being that had been created by God? Even if its grace was lost and its light was dimmed, it still stood far and above the rest of them, pitiful mortals. It was how the world worked and they'd always known. Humans were just that, ants in a world of giants. Plenty in numbers but almost always lacking in strength to actually do much.

Unfortunately for them, it didn't take long for the Fallen Angel to be proven wrong, or a liar.

Everyone felt it, even those that didn't know all that much about magic. The magicians, the warriors, the healers, the assassins and from what they could see, the Fallen too… Every single one of them sensed the shift in their surroundings as magic all but solidified.

Suddenly, they knew there was no way out except through the wards. Wards that wouldn't go down easily and without a price. Furthermore, they felt their own energies start leaving them, seeping through and out of their bodies to join the barriers that now contained them. One magician, not waiting for orders, threw a tentative bolt of energy towards the outside and the attack fizzled into nothing, barely even managing to hit the wall that were the wards.

"What is this?" another Fallen asked, her eyes scanning her surroundings, curious but not concerned. "The magician thought his little tricks would be enough, did he?" she asked, a smirk on her face even as her people, her soldiers, were weakened by the second. "Let's get this over with, show him what a mistake he's made."

"Make way," a third Fallen ordered, raising a hand towards the house that was their target. A fireball flew immediately afterwards, blowing up the front door with no problem. That was far as they got before something else happened.

"Teleport! At the back!" one of the magicians called out. Before anyone could react to that announcement, a number of things happened. The first of which was, confusing many of them, the song of a bird reaching their ears. It was immediately joined by a roar, however, and the cackle of electricity.

Many exorcists fell immediately after turning around, some not even managing that much. Their very energies, the magic in their bodies and the life in their veins, freezing, shivering and sizzling inside them. Many of them never even got to take a look at anything but a pair of eyes, eyes that paralyzed their souls.

One of the exorcists that reacted the fastest managed to shoot an icicle towards the new arrivals. It got nowhere, however, being stopped before it hit anything by a web of white threads before the projectile swung back towards their group. Many of those that would have tried to follow that magician's example were met with either blobs of purple liquid that burned their skin and poisoned their blood…

… or with daggers that flew straight and true, embedding themselves in their bodies.

It took less than a second after the new arrivals for the exorcist group to turn into a chaotic mess. Of all things, they'd never expected a group of monsters to rush at them like spawns breaking out of hell. From expecting a few wards and a magician, the exorcists were met with creatures the likes of which they'd be sent in groups against to deal with one by one, nevermind all at the same time.

"Angels!" someone cried out and there was no doubt as to what that Stray Exorcist wanted, as the pain in his voice was evident and so was his desperation. A plea for help, that's what the call was. One that was met with expressions of disdain from their four leaders, one of which even rolled her eyes.

"Incompetent and useless, they are mere monsters and you are running around like headless chickens," the winged woman that led even those of her own species disparaged. "Well, they do say that if you want a job done right-"

"You gotta do it yourself," the male angel of their group finished, grinning widely as a spear of light appeared in his hand. Some exorcists would have been relieved by that sight, but those were few and far between. Most of them were, after all, too preoccupied trying to stay alive.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

'Jeanne's probably gonna be annoyed with me,' he thought idly as he raised a hand to put a shield spell between Morag and a… bolt of some kind. A second later, his hand snapped forward, flinging a dagger at one of the exorcists. 'Not my fault that she's nowhere near a teleportation circle,' he added then, blocking a sword that came his way and then stabbing the wielder with Carnwennan.

That line of thought might have seemed a bit random for others, but Joshua was doing his best to keep a semblance of control over his mind. Between Khaos Brigade interrupting what had promised to be a pretty good day with Kunou and them attacking his family… Well, Joshua was a little short on patience.

Which wasn't helped at all by Setan Kober, who was more than happy to urge him to unleash his unholy fury on the absolute bastards that had dared to-

'Focus, Joshua,' he thought to himself, drawing on Carnwennan's dutiful feeling to keep his mind grounded. Granted, he wasn't doing as good a job as he could probably be doing, but then again… Joshua was angry, incredibly so.

How dare they?!

Slipping, he let his weapons guide him, barely directing their intentions and blades towards the mass of Stray Exorcists. Joshua liked to think that he was a calm, collected dude. Someone that could easily be reasoned with and with who it was easy to be at peace with. However, Khaos Brigade seemed intent on drawing the worst in him out and…

'Oh, fuck them,' Joshua thought, a grin spreading over his face as another exorcist died by his daggers. His familiar bonds and Carnwennan would both do to keep him from going too far. Setan Kober's savage, brutal ways were what he wanted at that moment, however. These people had earned every single cut, every single death.

They deserved it.

Joshua felt the dagger cackle alongside him as he jumped and deprived a magician of her head. Carnwennan disapproved, of course, but not nearly as much as Joshua thought it would. Apparently, the holy dagger only protested the bloodthirsty approach and not the killing and punishment.

Interesting that.

'Oh, not so fast,' Joshua thought, jumping up and kicking a stray exorcist in the face to get further up. He raised another of his Neutral Shield's spells, this time to cover Nagini. He was pretty sure the snake could, at the very least, tank anything the exorcists sent her way. As far as his bonds had whispered, his familiars were fine, even if he still tried to cover them from time to time.

However, a Fallen Angel's light spear might be a little much for them.

"What?" the confused man said as his attack was stopped. Joshua didn't give him much time to comprehend what was going on though. Unfortunately, the Fallen was fast enough to recover in time and block Carnwennan with his light spear. "You pitiful thing. You don't know who you are attacking."

"An absolute idiot that thought attacking my uncle was a good idea," Joshua replied, sending another slash with Setan Kober this time. The Fallen cackled, like he'd told a particularly good joke or something. Which was fair, Joshua guessed he wasn't that much in the face of such a being.

Normally, at least.

And by normally, Joshua meant away from his wards. As it was, he was draining the energy of everyone in the area around Philip's house, exorcists and angels both. The latters didn't seem overly concerned about it, even though he was sure that they could feel the effects, but that worked well for him.

The Landlock Ward would keep them inside for as long as it took Joshua to take them out, one way or another. The Draining Wards would feed the spells as much as they needed to and allow Joshua to draw on their power if he needed it. The Weakening and Weighting Wards would continue to bring them lower and lower on the power scale.

Eventually, all that would combine into Fallen Angels weak enough to be taken down even by the likes of Joshua. Hell, from what he was picking up with his Senses and his wards, it wouldn't even take all that much. 'Either they are just that weak or I'm stronger than I thought I was,' Joshua mused to himself, blocking the light spear that was sent his way with both his daggers.

"Good attempt," he muttered, pushing the Fallen Angel away. 'I need to learn a spell to fly,' he thought to himself as he watched his opponent float in the air in front of him, looking more amused than anything else. It was frustrating, to be so blatantly dismissed, but that was fine. As long as the Fallen Angels dismissed him as a threat, he would have the upper hand.

It was in the event that they took Joshua seriously that he'd be in trouble, because he wasn't so sure he could take all of them at the same time. He didn't know if he would lose, but he didn't want to find out if it was possible to avoid that scenario. However… he wasn't happy with that. Joshua couldn't shake the feeling that what he was doing was wrong…

Setan Kober wanted more. The kris didn't like the fact that he was just stalling, waiting for his prey to bleed out. The weapon wanted to attack, to subdue and to kill its targets, not stand there until his opponent was too weak to fight back appropriately.

Carnwennan, in a strange occurrence, agreed. The dagger didn't like the underhanded method of draining the power off of his enemies. The blade wanted to deliver its just punishment to those fools that dared threaten its wielder, not sit back until the offenders fell.

With a deep breath in, he took a metaphorical hold on his wards and pulled.

The Fallen Angel "stumbled" at the sudden shift, almost getting stabbed by Setan Kober. He was still nevertheless startled by the power behind the kris. So much so that he wasn't prepared for the unexpected arrival of Carnwennan as the dagger embedded itself on the angel's stomach.

Joshua's opponent screamed then, as the holy power of the weapon burned him. The effect was weaker than it would have been against a devil, but it was still there and that was enough for Joshua. Especially because it disturbed the Fallen enough for him to deliver another cut with Setan Kober.

"What-What the hell?" the Fallen breathed out, not understanding. Joshua guessed he hadn't expected to run across both a holy and a demonic weapon. Amusingly, Fallen Angels were weak to both things. They were creatures of the dark, forsaken by the holy energies that had birthed them. And yet, the demonic energies didn't forgive nor forget what they were before. So, they were weak to both sides, even if their attacks were strong against both sides too, the corruption in their weapons hurting holy creatures while the light burning the demonic ones.

"Surprise, fucking idiot," Joshua hissed, pulling back Carnwennan before stabbing once more, this time on the Fallen's heart. "Not bad for a pitiful thing, huh?"

"Dohnaseek, what are you… doing?" another of the Fallen Angels asked and Joshua looked up at her, the short blond one. All three of the female winged beings were there though, watching. He grinned at them, Setan Kober's bloodlust mixing with his own as he pulled away and cut off his opponent's head.

"Sorry, your fellow crow seems to be a bit… dead. Maybe you can talk to him after I'm done with you," Joshua commented, wiping his weapons to the side to shake off some of the blood on them. Around him, the exorcists seemed to be lower and lower in number as his familiars decimated them. Even then, the three looked barely bothered at all and it seemed to be mostly because of Dohnaseek's death.

'To think I'd meet these four here of all places,' Joshua thought, considering his enemies once more. He didn't remember their names very well, but he definitely remembered them regardless. The four Fallen that were supposed to be at Kuoh and be the first antagonist group for the first volume of the series.

And yet there they were, at his uncle's house, attacking it and one of them was dead by his own hand.

"I guess we've seen that none of these are worth anything," Raynare, the only one Joshua actually remembered the name of, said as she looked at the battlefield around Joshua. 'What's she talking about?'

"Even Dohnaseek fell, to a human at that," the blond one said, unimpressed. "He was always more bark than bite."

"Indeed," Raynare agreed with a slight grin before she seemed to come to a decision. "Now, let's end this so we can get away from this place, yes? It seems we'll have to do better recruitment for the next time."

"Whatever you say, Raynare," the blue-haired Fallen agreed with a shrug and a roll of her eyes. "Let me just-Fuck!" she cried out then as a dagger embedded itself on her thigh. She then hissed, pulling out the sizzling knife from her leg before she threw the thing away.

Joshua looked up at them, now with their full attention after throwing one of Jeanne's daggers at them. He'd have liked to throw more but that'd have been pointless. That opening had been used and he'd have to be happy with the result he got. Now, he'd have to deal with three Fallen, but at least he'd wounded one of them.

"Fuck it all, just die!" the woman screamed, raising a hand and summoning a series of light arrows that immediately shot towards Joshua. The human, for his part, brought up his shield spells once more, stopping all the projectiles as the three Fallen rushed towards him.

"How about…" Joshua started, blocking a light spear with each of his daggers before twisting his body away from the third. "-no?" he finished with a grin as he waited for them to come again.

"You are a very annoying pest, I'll give you-" Raynare started before freezing, which made the other two turn towards her. That wasn't the only surprise waiting for them though. A second later, the blue-haired Fallen was hit by a bolt of lightning and the blonde was wrapped in purple threads.

"Bold of you to think I fight alone," Joshua said, pulling back his right hand and storing one of his daggers. From that same spell, he took out another of the many throwing knives that Jeanne had made for him. It didn't even take a second before the blue-haired Fallen had yet another blade embedded in her. This time though, he didn't let up, not on her and not on the others.

He'd have left Raynare alone, but Nagini's hold on her seemed to not be as absolute as it usually was. Instead, he could see the Fallen struggling against it, trembling and twitching. Joshua couldn't have that, no. With that in mind, he rained daggers on the three of them. Each weapon thrown, each second passed, brought him closer to victory. Between wounds, weaknesses and wards the Fallen Angels had less and less chances with every passing moment.

"You are so lucky," Joshua said, walking up to the Fallens, ironically splattered on the ground in a way that almost made him laugh. "So lucky that I need you alive to answer questions."

"As if we would cave before… a… human…" Raynare spat before her face paled. Next to her, the blond fallen whimpered and the blue-haired one wasn't faring much better. He really couldn't blame any of them though…

He felt much the same.

Looking up, he saw big, dark clouds in the sky.

Through her bond, Cheshire screamed at him.

Joshua barely had any time to put up the Shield Ward between his uncle's house and the very sky that seemed to want to murder them all. Thunder bombarded his ears and shook his bones and he felt energy quickly drain from his very body. All but scrambling, he pulled on the wards around him, feeding his spell with their energy.

It wasn't enough, not nearly enough, especially if the onslaught of lightning continued.

"Joshua," he heard Yasaka's voice through the trinket's he'd made himself. "The Church said they are on the way, just-"

"Yasaka," he hissed, feeling the pressure of the attack over him like a mountain on his shoulders. "Help," he all but whispered. Yasaka was the only one he could contact, the only one that could try to speed up the arrival of help.

"Joshua?! Joshua, what's happening?!" the youkai leader called through his artifact.

"Someone else… Too strong…" he muttered, barely able to breath as his shield spell was pushed down. Speaking was hard, with most of his focus being on his magic, the shield and his wards, straining himself to stop the attack.

"Joshua! I'll call for Serafall, she'll-"

"Quick…" She was his only hope.

"Joshua!"

'Please,' Joshua pleaded in his mind as the communication was cut.

Now, he just needed to hold on.

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

How…?

She couldn't help but wonder. How was it that she'd ended up in the situation she was in? It was supposed to be a pretty standard attack. Sure, some exorcists were expected to die in it, but they were attacking a magician. A human magician, for crying out loud. There was nothing easier than dealing with the little pests. At least when they weren't a hero descendant or something of the sort.

And yet, there she was, on the ground, bleeding and weak.

Raynare hated it more than anything. She'd always hated being weak, and she'd battled with all her being against that. She'd always strived to be more than the sad excuse for an angel she was. She'd dreamed of being better, growing stronger, standing beside the highest figures of her faction, Azazel, Shemhazai and many others…

But there she was, defeated by a mere human.

Why…?

That was, perhaps, a question that disturbed her even more. Why was she in the situation she was in? Why was such an attack being directed at them, at her? The lightning, the thunder, the light, the power. That could only be Kokabiel's doing. However, why would their leader attack them like that?

Had they failed so badly? Maybe they had, but surely they didn't deserve to die because of it… Why then…? Raynare kept repeating that question in her head, over and over again and she couldn't stop doing so. Each and every time, she only found one answer.

"We were betrayed," Kalawarna growled and Raynare could only agree.

"Just like we misinformed the exorcists," Mittelt added bitterly.

"Bait, that's all we were," Kalawarna continued, looking on helplessly as did Mittelt and Raynare herself. For what else could they do? They were too weak to move much, and even if they tried… Further from where they were laid a certain death. The only safe spot was under the ward of the magician they'd come to kill, where they were, together with their still out of reach targets and the man's familiars.

All of them could only sit there, helplessly watching as the man held over them the power of a Cadre. They just watched, as he started sweating, his face pale as he struggled to keep the spell going, persisting against a power that he had no business battling. It made no sense, for a human to be able to stop the attack of someone like their leader, but there he was…

"Girls…" the man growled, falling to his knees. Raynare almost expected his spell to fall apart and them to meet a painful death, but it didn't happen. Despite the human's collapse, the spell held. The three Fallen watched then, as the man's familiars moved closer to him.

"They are giving him energy," Mittelt said, being the one most attuned with energies and sensing them. Raynare saw, at that moment, a thoughtful expression appear on the blonde's face.

"They are not going to hold," Kalawarna muttered, with a weak chuckle as she deflated against the ground, giving up any kind of effort. Raynare understood. What was the point in battling the inevitable? The human's efforts… impressive as they were, as Raynare would grudgingly admit, were for naught. He would run out of power before Kokabiel did, there was no doubt about that.

"Try to kill me with the vermin, will you?" Raynare heard Mittelt growl. Turning towards her fellow Fallen… She couldn't begin to guess what that was about. That is, until she saw that the blonde was staring very intently at the magician, at the human…

And the man that was keeping them all alive with his spell.

Surely not, right? Surely Mittelt hadn't…

Except, why wouldn't she? Their very leader had left them for dead. Worse, he was going to kill them himself, just because they'd failed. Or maybe just because they were there and he wanted the magician gone. They'd just… die, to kill a human.

So what did they even have left to lose anymore? Why wouldn't Mittelt decide to just… help the human? Pride? Kalawarna's chuckle from the side told Raynare that she'd figured things out too.

"Might as well, right?" the blue-haired Fallen muttered.

"Human," Raynare called. The man didn't so much as twitch, but she was sure that he could hear her still. He had to be conscious to still keep the spell up. "You better see us through this. I'm not gonna degrade myself to the point of helping you only for us to die anyway."

He didn't reply, but she didn't care.

With her piece said, Raynare focused on the pull she felt from the man's spells. They'd been draining her energy since they arrived at the place. At first, they were an amusingly sad attempt. Then, they were an annoyance. After that, it was concerning.

Now though, she welcomed the spell, purposely pushing her energy through the link.

They better survive.

Raynare would have her revenge.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, this chapter was a pain to write, but then again, so is every action chapter for me. I really hope this isn't as bad as I think it is. On that note, I also seem to have been mostly done with the action in a single chapter which… Might annoy some people, I imagine, after so long with nothing to be done with it so quickly but… Well, my muse works as it works. Sorry if it was disappointing for you.

On an unrelated note, a few canon characters make an appearance in the shape of Fallen Angels. There seem to have been changes to how the name of one of them is used. I remember it being Kalawarner before but when I checked it in the wiki for the chapter it said Kalawarna. I think that's because of the official translation being different from the translations from before that or something.

Either way, I'll stick with the wiki's information, just in case.

With that said, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How do you think things will go from here?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 250 others
Adrian King
Jul 17, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 83 - I Tried So Hard New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#333
I Tried So Hard

[Serafall Leviathan]

She knew what she was doing was a bad idea. Joshua's uncle lived, after all, closer to Church territory than he did literally anybody else, let alone devils. However, there was no way she'd just stand by and do nothing as one of her friends, few as they were, was in danger of dying.

As she prepared to teleport with as many forces as she could gather in such quick notice, which wasn't much, her mind replayed the desperate call she'd gotten from Yasaka. It didn't matter if she hadn't been able to gather many soldiers or anything else. She was going there personally anyway, power was something that shouldn't be an issue. Serafall was more worried that they'd need a healer, which was why she had prioritized those over anything else.

"I sure hope everyone's ready," Serafall said, receiving only affirmative responses. Not that she waited for those before activating the teleportation circle. A second later, they were all standing on the street, close enough to the house of Joshua's uncle to…

'Oh no,' she thought, dread filling her as she witnessed the wrath of a Fallen Angel thunder its way down on an innocent, unassuming house some distance away. Although, it took Serafall a second to realize that no, Joshua wasn't dead just yet. She could feel him, his familiars and three Fallen Angels under the attack. She could also feel, however, how their energies were dropping dangerously fast as they resisted the attack. 'That won't do,' she decided, narrowing her eyes.

The devils behind her took a step back as she gripped her Levia-tan staff and waved it up to the sky. Before she could even fire an attack, however, the presence vanished into thin air, making her narrow her eyes. Her confusion increased further when a presence she hadn't even felt before appeared and disappeared before she could even react. It seemed that this time, whoever was attacking Joshua had come prepared just in case.

Just what Serafall hated, smart idiots.

At least the attack had stopped and Joshua was now safe. Safe, but with disturbingly low magical energy, she realized. Serafall moved as fast as she could to check on him, and make sure that the other Fallen Angels that remained didn't get any ideas, even with the state they seemed to be in. She wasn't going to take any chances for the moment, that was for sure.

"Joshua, are you ok?" Serafall asked, kneeling down next to the man. His familiars seemed to be fine, tired and downright unconscious in little Margalo's case, but mostly fine. Joshua himself though, he was incredibly pale, his whole body shaking and sweating.

"Philip… the twins…" he breathed out, barely seeming to be able to get the words through his lips. "Basement."

"You four," Serafall said instantly towards four of the medics she brought with her. "Go to the basement, there are humans there that need help."

"Thank you…" Joshua mumbled, deflating even more, if that was even possible. "Those three… attacked here… too…" he added then, his now dull blue eyes turning towards the Fallen Angels that were off to the side, pelted with holy daggers of Joshua's, one of them even having Morag's poisonous threads on her.

"Don't worry, I'll deal-" Serafall started, only to be interrupted.

"They… helped…" Joshua said, the last of his strength leaving him as he fell forward. His face would have been the first thing to hit the ground if she hadn't been there to catch him, her arms wrapping around him. "Thank you…" he told her, his voice barely audible before he fell unconscious.

"Don't mention it," she whispered to him before turning to the rest of her subordinates. The fighters had already positioned themselves around the perimeter, looking for possible threats. The rest of those that were more medically inclined were checking on Joshua's familiars. One of them though, stood behind Joshua, waiting for permission from her, which she gave with a tight nod.

Then her eyes moved to the side towards the Fallen, who seemed to barely be clinging to life as it was, completely unconscious. 'You did a number on them, Joshua,' Serafall mused, somewhat proud of her friend's accomplishment. Joshua was really moving up in the world. She couldn't wait to see where he'd get, if he was already handling Fallen Angels like they were just anyone after a year and a few months.

"Someone treat those Fallen. I want them to be as fine as possible… No need to be quick about it though," Serafall ordered and a few medics moved towards the aforementioned people. If it were up to her, she'd likely throw them in a cell until she could interrogate them, maybe even personally. However, she had a feeling that Joshua wouldn't be happy with that, so she could do him a small favor and make sure they were at least treated decently. That was as much as she was willing to do though.

"Serafall?" Yasaka replied when she called, and the Satan could almost hear the worry as clear in the woman's voice as she had felt it herself before arriving. It was sort of why she called so quickly, really. She understood, which was why she wanted to reassure her.

"He's fine, just magically exhausted… very magically exhausted," Serafall answered the unasked question. "There was a Cadre of the Fallen here though," she added, and if she knew Yasaka well enough, which she thought she did, she was fairly sure that she was narrowing her eyes. "Time to call Azazel. I think I know who that was."

"... I called the Church, they shouldn't arrive there, which should help," Yasaka said, after taking a moment to calm herself down. "They'll still know you were there. Not sure you could go anywhere near their territory and not have your presence known."

"I'm just awesome like that," she joked, even as her mind worked on a solution for that.

"Quite," Yasaka humored her wryly. "Now, I can probably-... Wait a second."

Serafall blinked then, wondering what could possibly get the youkai's attention at that moment. This seemed like a pressing matter, especially since both of them were involved in it. The Church and Heaven could get quite angry at them. Justifiably so too, at least in the eyes of most people.

"... Heaven has the Church under control," Yasaka told her after a long moment, apparently still processing that information herself. Both of them remained silent then.

"Well… Joshua, you have more friends in high places than I thought you did, and that's saying something," Serafall said then, looking down at the man that was now being treated by one of her medics. From the look on the devil's face, it seemed that things were fine enough to relax.

"That's one way to say it," Yasaka replied, sounding about as surprised by the revelation as Serafall felt. "I knew that the angels wanted to make an ally of him but… This is bound to cause more friction with the Church."

"They are either giving up and wanting to pull some brownie points with this… or Joshua is just that important," Serafall guessed at that very moment. She'd have to ponder on that for a little longer, but those were the guesses that immediately came to mind. The question was… why would the angels place such focus on Joshua?

If they had known of the things he was working on, like the Healing Spell he was attempting to create, then Serafall could have understood. However, they were keeping a tight lid on that. What else could interest Heaven so much that they'd risk getting into a Civil War amongst their own people to get it?

"Something to think about," Yasaka said, sighing wearily. "Any chance Joshua is at least in condition to be visited soon? Kunou will get worried if he vanishes all of a sudden."

Serafall refrained from pointing out that she probably wouldn't be much better.

She didn't think she'd like getting those words returned to her, after all.

"He should be. It seems he used too much magical energy too quickly and too roughly to defend himself and the others here," Serafall explained, looking towards the devil that had and was still checking and treating Joshua to confirm that. Receiving a nod, her shoulders relaxed, even though she hadn't even noticed they were tense. "I'll see if I can have him back at his place soon."

"Thank you."

"No, thank you for the call," Serafall replied, shaking her head. She really didn't want to think what would have happened if the youkai leader hadn't called her. Chances were the Church would have been too late though, since Joshua was on his last legs when she arrived. "Tell Ku-tan that I said hi, yeah?"

"Sure… See you, Serafall."

"See you later, Yasaka."

With that conversation out of the way and the communication spell down, the Satan looked around. Her people seemed to still be working on Joshua, his familiars and, less importantly, the fallen. The guards were still doing their thing and… Then she saw the medics come out of the house.

Serafall didn't like the looks on their faces.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

When he woke up, he felt like death. Just breathing felt like a struggle and his eyelids felt like they were the heaviest thing when he tried to open his eyes. His body felt empty, without any energy whatsoever to call upon. Looking inside to himself, he was disturbed by the absence of almost any magical energy. He'd never sensed himself so… He didn't even have a word for it.

Reaching through his bond, he checked on his familiars, noticing that they seemed to be mostly fine, if weary.

'Altered Status?' he called when he finally mustered enough strength to open his eyes.

[Severe Magical Exhaustion

Drastically decreases the rate at which the user regenerates stamina, health and magic.]

'Well… that sucks,' he thought to himself, sighing as he buried himself on the bed he was resting on. He was back home, he realized as he checked his surroundings. He'd been set in a "medical" room instead of his own though. 'Never thought this place would see use,' he mused.

He tried to call on his wards to fill his body with new magic but all he got was a very painful experience. Groaning, he decided to give up on that. It seemed that fending off that last attack had taken its toll. He'd have to deal with the Altered Status the old fashioned way, with time and Meditation.

"You are awake?" a little voice asked and he turned to the side. Or, maybe it was more accurate to say he dropped his head to the side. "Dad!" Kunou exclaimed from where she seemed to have been lying her head next to him. "I was really worried, dad," she told him, all but whimpering as her little hands wrapped around his.

"Silly," he breathed out, barely managing that much.

"Dumb dad," the girl told him, smiling weakly. "You've been out for a full day, dumb dad," she added, making him blink slowly. "Cheshire and the rest are fine, they've been very lazy though, but that's because they are recovering. Serafall and mum said you would take even longer than them, but that I could visit. I… didn't want to leave you alone in here. Hospitals suck."

"... Home," Joshua went with for a response, seeing as he didn't seem to have much more strength than to speak single words. He'd have liked to have a moment to activate Meditation, seeing as the skill was likely to help him recover faster. However, Kunou had obviously been very worried. He could spare a few minutes to reassure her that he was fine, even if they were a struggle.

"Still a hospital," she grumbled, pouting at him. His lips tugged up almost on their own, which was good because it still felt so incredibly taxing even with that. "I'm glad you are fine, dad."

"... Philip?" he couldn't help but ask.

"Ah… Mom got a little scared for a moment, but she said they are all fine," Kunou answered unsure. Joshua could tell there was more to it, she was hiding something from him. He didn't push though, he'd do that with Yasaka or Serafall, whoever visited first. For now though, his daughter had been distraught because of him.

"... Home-work?" he asked, suddenly glad that he was so very exhausted. It made it easier to keep a straight face, especially with the positively scandalized look on Kunou's face.

"Of course I didn't do my homework, dad!" she whined. "I was worried sick!"

"... Lazy," he told her, and this time he couldn't still couldn't help but smile, even with as tired as he felt.

"Stop being a meanie, dad, or I'll leave," she threatened. It would have been a good idea, actually, but just because it was the logical thing to do didn't mean he would. He could delay his recovery a bit. Kunou had been looking forward to a nice dinner and instead got him unconscious after an attack. He could give her this much. "Ah, I'll get you a cup of tea!" the girl announced all of a sudden and Joshua blinked slowly as she rushed out of the room.

'So much for spending time with her, huh? Might as well meditate for a bit,' Joshua decided, because he had a feeling he'd need all the energy he could get. It was going to be a long day to get Kunou to relax again and maybe Jeanne too. On top of that, he needed to check with Serafall or Yasaka to know if his family was alright, Kunou's words had been less than reassuring.

Closing his eyes, he delved on what little energies he had in him. His magical energy was almost non-existent and his life energy felt sluggish at best. However, he did his best to focus on them and only them. Life Concentration probably would help too, especially if he could get his life energy to move at a normal speed, he guessed. Better be careful while going about it though. No need to worsen his condition.

As Joshua worked on that, he felt Cheshire drag herself through the house until she reached his room and then struggled until she set herself on his bed. There, she laid herself next to him, pushing her head under his hand. Interrupting himself for a moment, he made his fingers move the slightest bit. A warm feeling reached him from the bond and he took a long breath in.

Opening his eyes again for a moment, Joshua took a moment to relax and do nothing. No meditation, no Life Concentration, nothing at all. It was… sort of nice. He usually had things to do, regardless of the time of the day. Obviously, many of those were things he enjoyed or found interesting, but he didn't remember the last time he'd done nothing at all.

Of course, that's when the System decided to interrupt him with something.

[Quest Complete: Save Philip Woods and his family.

Rewards:

+ 5 levels to all stats.

+ 5 levels to Ward Magic.

+ 5 levels to Neutral Magic.

+ 10 levels to Electric Resistance.

+ 10 levels to Light Resistance.

+ 10 levels to Dagger Mastery.

+ Title Update: The Professor.]

'Those are quite a few levels…' he mused wearily. 'Wait, I think… B- rank, nice,' he added with a slight smile on his face. 'Now, as for the rest…'

[Joshua Davis

Title: The Professor

Race: Human

Strength: 81

Speed: 76

Dexterity: 76

Vitality: 88

Perception: 74

Magic: 117

Life: 30]

'Nice, very nice indeed,' he mused. 'The skills are pretty self-explanatory though, I want to know what the title change is though. That's- What?' he asked, baffled at the text in front of him.

[The Professor

Increases the growth speed of Magic, Spells and magic related Skills by 50%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Spells by 40%.

Increases the growth speed of Skills and Spells you teach by 100%.

Spell level is removed. All spells are averaged to the level of their branch.]

Sure enough, when Joshua called for the Spell list, he saw that all it did now was list the spells he'd actually used so far, nothing else. There wasn't even a Consumption value or anything. Just the names of the spells. 'This is huge,' he thought to himself. Sure, maybe it'd hurt some of his higher leveled spells, like the Detection and Monitoring Wards, but everything else would be a plus. No more having to grind a spell from the ground up.

'This is amazing,' he thought then, grinning widely. Or as widely as he could at the moment, which wasn't much. That wasn't all though, it seemed, because a moment later, a new screen appeared. This time it wasn't a standard one though. Instead, it was one from the Egyptian gods.

[New Perk Acquired: Blessing of Set]

'What in the actually fuck?' Joshua asked in his mind, and he was sure he'd have exclaimed that out loud if he'd had a little more strength in him. 'Set? Of all gods in the Egyptian pantheon?' Now, he might not have been familiar with very many of the desert deities, mainly because there were a lot of them. However, he was very familiar with a select few, since they were kind of a big deal.

One such case was Set, god of violence, chaos, strength and the desert. That was as much as Joshua could remember off the top of his head. Well, that and that the myths didn't seem to make up their mind if he was good or bad.

From the Charm, which had been set on his bedside, he was hit with a feeling of pride and amusement.

[Minor Blessing of Set

The user can change their body into sand.]

'That's… I gotta test that, as soon as possible,' Joshua thought, eyes slightly wide. What did the skill truly mean? Would he turn into a pile of sand on the ground if he used it or would it be… Judging by the indignation he felt coming from the Charm, followed by amusement from two others, that clearly wasn't it. Which meant that this would turn out a pretty neat skill.

He couldn't wait to try it out.

As it was, it'd probably take a bit to recover, so that would have to wait, sadly.

'Welcome to the club though, Set,' he thought, receiving an amused feeling in response. Maybe the deity would be more chill than he expected. He certainly hoped that would be the case. Having to deal with the god of violence and chaos didn't sound like a good time otherwise.

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

She often hated how much time her "job" took from her life. Most of the time, it'd be because it took her away from her daughter, but that wasn't quite the case that day. Sure, it was still there, but something else was added to it. The fact that it had stopped her from checking on Joshua through the whole day.

Granted, she'd received a call from Kunou saying that the man was awake, but it wasn't the same to be told such things. Just like it wasn't enough to hear her servant's reports on her daughter, back when she'd been even busier than she was those days. Fortunately, with things being much better with the devils and things generally settling into a much more calm political weather, Khaos Brigade notwithstanding, she had more free time.

Which made it even more frustrating when it still could get in the way.

"Ah, Yasaka, welcome," Jeanne greeted her with a smile as she urged her to get in their house. She gave the girl a smile back even through her irritation and impatience. "Come on, they are together at the medical room."

Somehow, even with all that she knew and had been told, the mention of that room made Yasaka tense ever so slightly. It was silly, she knew. Joshua was fine and he'd recover soon enough. Still, it didn't stop her from feeling unsettled by the fact that he needed that room at all. That Joshua had been so bad after his encounter with the fallen and the Cadre, specifically, that he had been out for a whole day and likely would require lots of rest and attention for a while too.

"He's fine," Jeanne reassured her, and it dawned on Yasaka that maybe she was being more expressive and obvious than she thought she was. "He's just gotta recover from some heavy magical exhaustion, from what they've told us. He'll be super tired but he'll get better, is the summary I got."

"That's good," Yasaka replied eloquently, suddenly feeling very awkward. Safe to say, she wasn't very used to that, if at all. Nevertheless, Jeanne either didn't notice or ignored it. Yasaka was grateful for that regardless of which one it was. Instead, the girl simply hummed as she guided her towards their destination.

As she reached the door, Yasaka stopped for a moment, watching as Kunou babbled about some thing or another, waving her hands in the air enthusiastically. A slight smile, not unlike the one on Joshua's face, appeared in her face at the sight. It was always such a delight and a relief to see Kunou behaving her age for a change. No matter how long it had been since she started doing so, after years of seeing her own daughter put on a mask, it was nice to see her without it regardless.

She was grateful to Joshua for that, every single day.

"Mom!" Kunou greeted, jumping as she realized her arrival and rushing to give her a hug.

"Hello, sorry for being late," she apologized, almost on instinct, even if it was still the truth.

"It's fine, come on," her girl let go of her, instead grabbing her hand and dragging her towards Joshua's bedside. "I was telling dad about these ideas I have for our cards," her daughter said and Yasaka smiled.

There was still that slight twinge of awkwardness in her at hearing Kunou calling Joshua her dad, but it was going away quickly. Her daughter was positively ecstatic about the whole thing, so she was happy for her, if nothing else. Besides, she had some ideas about the matter that…

But that was a topic for another day. Yasaka could ponder on possibilities regarding the extraordinary man in front of her when he wasn't lying on a bed after almost dying. It wasn't the time for that right then and there, for several reasons.

Thus, Yasaka simply focused on what Kunou was telling her regarding the fox people she was creating for the game she was making with Joshua. Sometimes, either Joshua or her would make a comment or a suggestion, but otherwise they let the girl talk away. Considering how nervous and subdued she'd been the whole time the man had been out, Yasaka was happy to just see her back to her new normal.

She probably would need to have a talk with Joshua regarding his own safety. For Kunou's sake as much as her own, really. The man better be understanding, or maybe she'd give him a piece of her mind as she'd thought of doing before.

For the moment, however…

"What… happened with Phil… and the twins?" Joshua asked, his weary tone and sluggish words taking him some time to get through. Yasaka was grateful that he waited until Kunou went away for a bit.

"They… They almost died," she told him, hesitating for a moment. Joshua was a direct man, however, and so she decided to be direct with him. No need to beat around the bush. "They are fine now though," she added almost instantly, else the man would get worried for nothing. "There were just too many energies, strong ones at that, in the area for mundane people to withstand, even with your protections."

"I didn't… know that-"

"It's not something that most supernatural people have to deal with often, or even care about, in most cases. It gets overlooked often. I'm sorry for doing so myself," Yasaka told him, feeling terrible about that. She'd known about Joshua's family. He'd known that things could happen to them but she just… She got a dismissive wave of Joshua's hand halfway through her apology. He gave her a forced smile then.

"They aren't… suited for… this world," he said. It wasn't a question as much as it was a statement, but she nodded regardless. She'd checked and gotten reports on the family and they were… As mundane as they came. Everyone had potential in the supernatural world, of course, but some did so more than others. The magical readings on the twins and Philip were almost non-existent. No Sacred Gears in sight either, which would have likely been picked up by Joshua anyway. There was nothing on them at all.

"They are not," Yasaka replied then, giving the man a sad smile. There was only one thing for him to do if he didn't want a repeat of what had happened, risking his relatives actually getting killed this time. She didn't insult him by telling him what to do, however. Joshua could decide what to do in regards to that himself.

Judging by the sigh he let out and the way his face showed his despair clear as day, it seemed that he didn't have a better solution than the one she had come up with herself.

"Away…?" he asked, his eyes shining with unshed tears as he stared at the ceiling over them. She nodded, a soft smile on her face. "Can you…?"

"I'm probably not the best suited for it, but I'll talk with the Church and Serafall for you," Yasaka reassured him, placing a hand on his arm to comfort him. She knew how much those relatives meant to him. He'd talked with her several times about them. "And I'll make sure they do a good job, the formers, that is." Because there was no way Serafall would half-ass such an important thing for Joshua.

"Thank you," he told her, giving her a smile, even if it looked as strained as it could possibly be. "Can you stay... For now?" he asked, and she returned his smile with a soft one of her own.

"Of course," she agreed easily. How was she to reply any other way?

A few hours later, arrangements were made for Philip Woods and his two daughters to disappear in the mundane world. Far, far away from the supernatural side of things, hidden from anyone and everyone on the hidden side of the world. They'd continue living their lives as they had, unaware of what had happened.

It was for the better, even if it meant they wouldn't even remember Joshua's latest interactions with them and that the man would never be able to see them again.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ok, so… I'm a little nervous regarding the PoVs of Serafall and Yasaka. Nervous that I might not have caught their characters well enough, nervous that I might not have showed as much as I wanted or should. However… Well, it is how it is, right? Hopefully I'm worrying for nothing.

That's the main part I'm concerned about for this chapter, but certainly not the only interesting one. I can't wait to see what you guys think about what happened. As it is, this is all I wanted to put into notes, I think.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What kind of fic would be "just what you were looking for" if you started searching right now?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 250 others
Adrian King
Jul 17, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 84 - Maybe I’m Drifting, Maybe I’m Lost New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#336
Maybe I'm Drifting, Maybe I'm Lost

"Thanks for this, Kuisha," Joshua said, his voice low, almost a whisper. At least his body wasn't giving in after a few words, that was progress. A whole day and he still felt like absolute shit. He could barely move his body and speaking required effort. The only reason he'd been able to move around the house was Cheshire, since his first familiar had taken the role of steed, having him mount her if he needed to go somewhere.

"Don't mention it, Joshua," the devil reassured him with a bright smile as she finished setting a meal in front of them all. "The Satans know that you'd die if I left you with only Jeanne's cooking as an option."

"Gee, thanks," his sister grumbled, stabbing the food on her plate like it'd personally offended her. "Asia can't cook either."

"And she has a legitimate reason," Joshua spoke up, a slight grin on his face as he regarded the three girls. Especially the sad nun to his right. She looked hurt by Jeanne's comment and he couldn't have that. Besides, she'd already been down because she hadn't been able to help him with her Sacred Gear. "She doesn't know how to cook, but she can learn. It's more than we can say about you, huh?" he asked, drawing a huff from his sister and a giggle from Kuisha.

"Just because I'm not good at one thing…" Jeanne grumbled.

"Still, thank you, Kuisha," Joshua repeated, starting to eat. "I know it's a bother to have to come here and do this for us. I'm sure you have better stuff to do with your time."

"I don't mind at all, Joshua, really," the devil reassured him, waving him off. Then, a second later, she grew nervous, her smile unsure. "I hope the food is good? I know I'm not as good as you but-"

"The food is great, honestly," he told her immediately, giving her a smile. "You don't have to worry about that."

"The food is really amazing, Miss Abbadon," Asia told the devil, beaming brightly at the devil. Joshua was almost surprised the girl didn't suffer some holy damage or something from just that. The nun could be like that, sometimes. Too good for the world, Asia was. He saw then, as the younger girl hesitated for a moment, likely holding back a comment about "the Lord" or such, which was a bad idea considering she was speaking with a devil.

"I'm glad you like it," Kuisha replied, before sending a playful glare towards Jeanne. "Unlike some ungrateful people."

"I did my best, but she's a barbarian like that," Joshua lamented, holding back a grin at the look his sister directed at him and at her friend. "I don't know where I went wrong with her."

"You suck, Joshua," Jeanne muttered, all but pouting. "The food is good, Kuisha. Sorry."

"It's fine," the devil reassured her with a soft smile. "I know you've been on edge. I understand," she added, looking at Joshua out of the corner of her eye.

With a sad smile, he continued eating then. Jeanne had taken what had happened badly, which was understandable, really. As such, she was… Well, her mood was all over the place at the moment. One moment she could be smothering him, worrying too much and such. The next, she was like she was at that moment, very easily annoyed.

Joshua was about to reach for his glass but he stopped midway through the motion. The exhaustion almost caught him off guard. He'd been pushing through it, but it had evidently been too much at that point. Leaning back against his chair, he took a deep breath in. It sucked, that he couldn't get through a meal, without his body giving up under him, but it was what it was.

He heard a chair scraping against the floor before Jeanne was at his side.

"Water, right?" she asked, and he saw the concern in her eyes.

"'s fine, Jeanne…" he breathed out but she waved him off.

"Take it easy, Josh. We agreed we'd only let you do stuff if you told us when it was too much, didn't we?" she asked him, worried but firm. He gave her a weary grin and a slight nod. "Right, drink some and then go back to the room. You can finish the rest of the food later."

"Yes, Nurse Jeanne," he mumbled, drawing a huff from the girl.

"Shut up and do as you are told, idiot."

"Sorry, Kuisha, I-"

"Don't worry about it, Joshua. I'm just glad I can help. Is there anything else I could do?" she asked, but he gave her a wave of his hand that almost sent him to the ground. Fortunately for him, Cheshire had turned into her tiger form from where she'd been laying next to his chair in cat form. Stabilizing him, the feline helped him get up together with Jeanne before they set him on top of the tiger.

"Some sight I must make," he muttered under his breath, his grin twisting into an annoyed grimace.

"Maybe if you stayed in your room, you wouldn't look so bad," Jeanne told him, unimpressed.

"Oh, shut up."

[}-o-{]​

Joshua found himself reminiscing a whole lot on the days after the attack at Philp's… Old house. Suddenly, memories of his uncle and the twins flooded his mind without stopping. Moments that had occurred in the last few months, moments from long ago, when his parents were still alive. It was almost like they had died, really.

'Might as well be dead to me, I guess,' Joshua mused, his hand idly petting on Nagini's soft scales as Margalo stood on his shoulder. His familiars seemed to have taken it as a personal mission to not let him be by himself even for a moment. Since Cheshire was the one that helped him move around and such things, the other three seemed to take turns when he wasn't moving, like when he stayed in the medical room or like at that very moment, while he watched Rias's peerage training with Jeanne and Asia.

Margalo trilled her Gentle Song, making him smile at her, even if it was a weary, sad thing.

"Thanks, girl," he whispered.

It was a small confort, really, to remind himself that Philip and the twins weren't actually dead. They were out there, living their lives again, none the wiser to how close they'd been to death. Unware either, of the fact that they'd spend months with him that they'd never remember. They would never know how much it hurt that Joshua couldn't visit them. They would never know how much he wished he could.

'The twins were so excited about coming to Kyoto too,' he thought, making his heart twist and turn in his chest.

It hurt to know that his already small family had been cut down in such a manner. Now, all he had were his familiars, Kunou and Jeanne. They were great and all but it felt so… So little, at the same time. 'Why is it that every time I feel like my family is getting bigger, that things are getting better… I lose something,' he lamented to himself.

First, when he started making an effort to reconnect with people, his parents were taken from him. And now, when he was doing the same, he had to give up his relationship with his uncle and his cousins. What would he have to find himself without the next time?

Taking a deep breath in, Joshua used Life Concentration once more, to try and push off the exhaustion that was creeping on him once more. As he did, he watched as Kiba and Jeanne continued sparring. Off to the side, Rias and Akeno were working on their respective magics. 'Maybe I can let up and take a nap here,' he mused, his eyes dropping for a moment as his head rested on Nagini's body. With another deep breath in, he used Life Concentration again, relaxing his body and-

"You are still doing it," a voice whispered next to him and he half-opened his eyes. Koneko seemed to have come for a visit. "It's dangerous."

"It's really not… Well, unless I do it wrong," he replied, his voice weary. "I've done it with… youkai supervision. I've asked all the questions I could… think of and it seems to be… fine. A hard thing… to practice… but otherwise… mostly… fine," he explained, growing more and more tired with each word.

It was frustrating, but the periods in which he was mostly fine were getting longer and longer. He just had to put up with it for, at most, a week. That was what he had been told a few days prior, at least.

There was a deep meow that came from Cheshire in her tiger form. It was strange to hear her make such sounds in that shape, but one got used to it. Joshua was more focused on what she was feeling, honestly. There was some sort of… comforting feeling and he realized, as he opened his eyes, that she was rubbing herself against Koneko.

"Why then…?" the girl mumbled. Those simple words made Joshua pause and snap out of his drowsy state. "My sister went mad because of it."

"Then either she was in a very bad place… or Senjutsu wasn't the reason," Joshua explained to her. He didn't remember the specifics of hers and her sister's situation, but he remembered that the elder youkai had gone on a rampage to protect her. If nothing else… He could respect that, he supposed, even if Kuroka had traumatized the poor girl in the process and likely left her in a bad spot before Koneko found her way to Rias.

"Why then…? Why did she… leave me?" Koneko asked and he saw her tense up then, before Cheshire walked around her, wrapping the girl with her body and leaving her the only option of facing Joshua. "I don't understand…"

"I don't know… all that much about… what happened to you, Koneko," Joshua said, making an effort to recall what he'd could have picked up here and there in conversations with Koneko or other members of the peerage, which was mainly Rias.

"I… My sister went mad… killed her King, he'd taken us in… She went mad…" the girl said, sounding like it was a struggle to even get the words out.

"Then she was either a very bad person…" Joshua said, trailing off as he took a breath in, to make sure he spoke clearly. "Or a very good one."

"I… I don't understand," Koneko said, for once not sounding like a detached person and more like just a girl, albeit a confused, distressed one.

"There are few things I wouldn't do for my sister, Koneko," he told her as a way of explanation. The girl remained silent then for a long moment, simply standing there, likely taking comfort on Cheshire's presence, as the feline intended.

"Could I… sit here?" she asked softly then, her voice barely audible.

"Sure, go ahead," Joshua answered with a slight smile. Neither said much after Koneko took a seat next to him, leaning against Nagini. However, it wasn't as bad a silence as he thought it'd be. Eventually though, it was broken by the white-haired girl.

"Can you explain it to me?" she asked, her voice even lower than before, if it was possible. "Senjutsu?"

"I'm no expert," he answered. "But I can try."

"I'd appreciate it."

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"Mom! Dad is being mean!" she protested, pointing at the offending man, who only gave her an amused, weary smile in response. Clearly, he was unrepentant for the sin of bullying her while they played with Project Strategy. Chess just wasn't for her, couldn't he see? Was it too much to ask for that he take it a little easy on her?!

"Joshua, must you make her angry?" her mother asked, raising an eyebrow at the man. 'Success!' Kunou cheered in her mind.

Maybe it was underhanded from her, but the girl had been doing her best to try and call Joshua dad and her mother… well, mom, as often and as close together as possible. She hoped it'd put the idea of actually being together in both their heads, with some luck. She wasn't sure she wasn't just jumping to conclusions with what her mother had said regarding that before, or that it had just been to humor her.

Even if that was the case, maybe she could get Joshua to open up to the idea. Kunou didn't want to pressure the man, however. He'd been going along with her whims and demands so far. Joshua had comforted her more times than she wanted to count and he'd been patient and understanding more than once.

However, the more he did, the more she wanted. On the other hand, the more he did it, the more Kunou wondered if she was a step closer to the line in the sand. Would the next demand be the last straw? Would Joshua decide that it was finally too much? Would it just earn her a chastising or would it be worse than that?

"She won't get better if I coddle her," her dad answered with a slight shrug. "Besides, we read about that play the other day, Kunou. Were you not paying attention?" he asked, turning towards her and the girl looked away, her ears feeling warm.

She might have… gotten a little distracted. It wasn't her fault that her dad's voice was so nice to just listen to and that it lulled her to sleep! Besides, how was she supposed to know that he'd use those moves against her? She thought he was just teaching in general!... Then again, she should have seen that coming really…

But that was besides the point!

"How are my favorite people doing~?" a new voice asked somewhere away from the room they were in at her dad's place. "Ah, I see you are keeping the boring stuff for when I'm not here. Nice," Serafall said, looking at the chess game Joshua and her had been playing.

"That's kinda rude. I like playing chess, you know?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow at the woman. Kunou tried not to get too happy about a possible point against Serafall. She was nice and all, but if there was a chance of Joshua being with her mother and only her mother… Well, she couldn't be faulted for preferring that, could she?

Although, she did occasionally wonder how it would be to have aunts…

That was besides the point too, however.

"But it's boooring," the woman whined, taking a seat. "Feeling better, Joshua?" she asked, her voice almost serious as she asked. Almost, but not quite.

"Getting better, yeah," Joshua answered after taking a deep breath. Kunou noticed that he did that when he started getting tired. At least there were signs of that now. Not like before, when he'd be tired all the time, if he was even awake.

Kunou couldn't wait for her dad to be fine.

She hated seeing him as he was those days. She hated to see him struggle to even move. She hated whenever he was out of breath for talking "too much". She hated that all he could muster were weary smiles and tired chuckles at best. She hated that he was sad all the time.

And the worst part was that Kunou couldn't help him.

She hated the whole situation.

"You sure? I could get some people to check on you," Serafall said, sounding concerned. Kunou would reluctantly give her points for that, even if the offer was unnecessary.

"I already have people checking on him daily, Serafall, don't worry," Yasaka reassured before Joshua could speak. Kunou's mother likely wanted the man to save energy, even if he seemed determined to do as much as possible, even if it slowed down his recovery. "His body just wasn't ready for the levels of energy that stopping the fallen's attack required. It was too much too quickly."

"I'm here… you know?" the man in question asked before taking a deep breath in and rolling his eyes. Behind him, Morag climbed on his back and gave him a pat on his shoulder. "They are being mean… Morag," he grumbled, making the gigantic spider click her jaws. Kunou did her best to hold back a giggle as the scene before her reminded her of… Well, herself, which was probably on purpose, she supposed. "How about… a break?" her dad asked then, turning towards Kunou. "Want to draw?" he asked, drawing a smile from him.

"Sure," she replied, moving to sit on his lap as he took out a notebook and some supplies from a storage spell.

"You shouldn't use magic, Joshua," her mother told him, with a narrow-eyed gaze that made Kunou nervous, even if she wasn't the target.

"One spell," the man replied with a slight grin as his shoulders slumped. "Will just watch…" he added, tilting his head to look over Kunou's shoulder, even if she hadn't gotten started yet. "How is the… show going?" he asked then, turning to Serafall. "Missed the last… chapter."

"We can watch that together then!" the devil replied, bouncing on her seat excitedly. Kunou's mother, for her part, simply sighed.

"I'm surrounded by children."

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

For a change, a few days after the incident with the fallen and the stray exorcists, he found himself sitting at his cafe. After all that time he was "trapped" at his place, it was nice to be somewhere else. He hadn't actually worked though, simply going there and sitting at one of the tables. Several people approached him, asking if he was alright and such, but otherwise it had been a relatively calm day.

Then, with the place all but closed, he'd set out to do a little project he'd come up with. 'Doesn't look half bad, I think,' he mused, looking at one of the walls of the cafe. He'd put a board there, covering it with photographs of his family, the family he no longer had. His parents, Phil, the twins, his grandmother, who had passed away some time ago. He added pictures of Jeanne, Asia, Cheshire and Margalo. Nagini and Morag were… a little more complicated to explain, unfortunately, but he doubted they'd care overly much.

"I'm fairly sure that Jeanne said you shouldn't be allowed to do anything," someone said from beside him.

Joshua turned, a slight grin on his face.

"We'll just say you did it for me, yeah?" he asked Issei, who gave him an uneasy smile. "Say, do you like sports, Issei?" he added then, making the boy blink before he turned to the TV that was set on one of the cafe walls. Usually, it'd just play some random video with sights around the world or something as generic at that. Right then and there though, it was showing a football match.

"I don't, really," the boy answered with a shrug. "Didn't take you for a sports guy, really, Joshua-sensei."

"I'm really not," Joshua admitted, gazing sadly at the screen for a long moment. "Can you do me a favor?"

"Sure, what do you need?"

"Can you bring me a beer from the fridge?" he asked, before blinking. "Actually make that two."

"You sure you should be drinking?" Issei said, making Joshua grin. Mainly because, despite the doubt, the teenager still moved to do as he was told. "Weren't you recovering from something?"

"I'm fine," Joshua waved off, looking as the match went on. "I'm mostly just very tired, otherwise I'm fine."

"If you say so," Issei mumbled, setting the drinks on the table. "Why two though?"

"You want one?" Joshua asked him, making the boy blink before his eyes widened.

"I-I can't!" he exclaimed, making Joshua chuckle.

"It's fine if you don't want to, I guess," he told the teenager, turning back to the TV. "I had my first beer before the legal age, honestly," he said, a sad smile on his face. "I'd occasionally drink one with my father from time to time. It was… a bit of a tradition, I guess. He'd put a match and we'd watch it together. Even if I couldn't care less for the sport… It was nice to share that moment with him," he explained, bringing the drink to his lips and taking a gulp of it. His other hand, meanwhile, moved to fidget with the locket that hung over his chest.

After a moment of silence, he heard the boy open the other beer and then a groan.

"Ugh, that's awful," Issei muttered.

"Yeah, it's an acquired taste. I didn't like it for a while. Still don't, but… Somehow, it's not so bad sometimes, it certainly wasn't when I shared it with my father," Joshua said with a shrug.

"If you say so…" Issei said, and he turned to see the teenager's skeptical expression, which made him chuckle even harder than before.

"You can leave it if you don't want it. I get it, honestly," he reassured with a grin.

"So, uh, who are you cheering for?" Issei asked, making Joshua laugh once more. "What is it?"

"I used to ask my father something similar every time. I was like "Who are we cheering for?" whenever it wasn't a team I knew he was a fan of," Joshua explained, shaking his head. "Like right now. Honestly, I'm going with the red ones. Don't ask me why though, they just got my attention, I guess."

"They are losing," Issei pointed out.

"Yeah, I like cheering for the losing team too, I guess," Joshua replied with a shrug. "You gonna go for the other team? I'm weak, but I can still punch you," he joked, drawing a chuckle from the boy.

"Wouldn't want to bully the old," Issei told him with a grin as he feigned being hurt by the comment. "So, I guess I'll humor you with the team."

"Back in my day there was more respect," Joshua grumbled, before the both of them shared a chuckle. "So, things going well on your end?" he asked, finding it sort of… fitting, that he was on the other side of the conversation now.

"Yeah, I… I'm not hanging out with Matsuda and Motohama anymore," Issei told him, although he didn't sound particularly sad about that. "I've… made new friends, I think. There's this girl that's… really weird, but not in a bad way. Not worse than I am, at least."

"That's not saying much," Joshua pointed out with a grin before taking another gulp from his drink. Issei seemed to see and followed suit, even if he grimaced at the taste.

"Asshole," the boy breathed out. "Also, the Kendo Club is being… sort of friendly, I guess?" he added, unsure. "They talk with me on occasion, and not just Jeanne."

"You've improved your reputation, I guess," Joshua pointed out, meaning it. He'd asked the Kendo club for help, but he hadn't asked them to befriend Issei themselves. It hadn't even sounded like they would, really, from how things had gone back then. Maybe they'd realized Issei wasn't so bad when he was by himself. "Good for you, buddy. That much closer to a girlfriend, huh?"

"A long way to go still, but I'll get there," the boy said enthusiastically, taking another gulp from his own drink. "Ugh, I don't know if I'll stick to it long enough to enjoy it."

"You are free to get yourself a soda or something. It's not like I'm forcing you to drink it, man," Joshua pointed out with a chuckle.

"You always say that one shouldn't waste food and stuff," Issei shot back.

"I mean, if you hate it, then it's fine. I don't want you to puke or something," Joshua told him, still chuckling before shaking his head and taking another gulp himself.

"I'll still finish it," Issei muttered, before his eyes locked on the screen. "Oi, that guy just threw himself to the ground. That's not foul!" he protested, with a frown on his face, raising the hand that held his drink.

"Yeah, gotta hate when that happens… in favor of the other team, that is," Joshua commented with a dejected expression. "I don't think we are gonna make a comeback, Issei."

"Well, that sucks," the boy muttered, deflating on his seat as he forced himself to take another gulp of beer. Turning to look at him, Joshua let out a slight smile before turning back to the screen.

"You are a good kid, Issei."

"You are not so bad yourself, old man."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm really, really curious about what you guys will think about this chapter, so I'd really appreciate it if you left a comment. I don't have much else to say, however, so I'll leave the notes short.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: A bit of a repeated question, I'll admit, but which is your favorite part of the chapter?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 236 others
Adrian King
Jul 17, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 85 - A Message Coming From My Eyes New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#341
A Message Coming From My Eyes

[Serafall Leviathan]

"I'm alive because of them, and so are my family and my familiars," Joshua had told her when she asked if he had anything in mind for the people she was going to talk to then. "So, I'd prefer it if they didn't die." That was all he had to say on the matter, it seemed. Which was both expected and unexpected, Serafall supposed.

It was expected, because Joshua tended to be laid back about a lot of things. He simplified things that would be a great deal for most people, especially in the supernatural world. Partly, it was because he cared not for and actively wanted to avoid politics, but Serafall also knew it was part of how he was.

It was something she appreciated, after all. She knew Joshua was a nice person to vent about things that she couldn't voice to others because it'd hit her reputation, her standing. She knew that the man couldn't care less for who she was, and that was a breath of fresh air that always made her feel better after spending time with him.

However, she also knew he could be serious when it was something he really cared about. She'd seen peeks into that side of him here and there, especially regarding Khaos Brigade. She knew he'd killed, for example, which wasn't much for her but it struck her when it came to Joshua. He just seemed too caring for that to be something he'd do.

However, Joshua had even told her, almost uncaringly, how the members of the terrorist organization that had triggered and baited him before the attack at his uncle's place had died. He told her how they had been left in the middle of the forest with wards that were getting stronger the more time passed and that would ultimately kill them. Not a pretty death for them, and certainly not the kind of death she expected someone like Joshua to inflict on someone.

So, she sometimes had a hard time telling what would make him shrug things off and what would make him take things seriously. One such case was the one currently at hand, since she'd expected him to react the latter way. Evidently, she'd either been wrong or the fallen had made quite the impression on the human. Serafall, as a good friend, would have to make sure his decision hadn't been made with the wrong information.

It wasn't for any other reason, of course.

It certainly wasn't because these fallen were partly responsible for what had happened to Joshua.

Not at all…

'Who am I kidding?' she wondered to herself. She hadn't done nearly as good a job at keeping her emotions hidden. Sure, she was good at compartmentalizing her emotions, it was kind of part of the job. Separating what was appropriate and what wasn't. It was what made her a good actress and what made her good at her job as a Satan. However… there were always little slips here and there…

"Hello~," she greeted with her cheerful act as she entered the interrogation room, where the three fallen were cuffed to the table on the other side from where she came in. "I hope I didn't keep you waiting," she added, fully aware that the three of them had been there for days without being able to leave the room, without eating, without anyone telling them anything.

"We won't talk," the leader of the trio told her, sitting with her back straight, even if Serafall could tell she was nervous and afraid. Credit where credit was due, that was impressive, she'd admit. "Nothing you say-" She stopped talking then, as Serafall unleashed her power on the room.

Differently from the rest of her family, Serafall didn't have water manipulation powers. Instead, she had ice manipulation. She could do a lot more with that than just create the frozen liquid for attacks, however. She could also lower temperatures. A power that was a lot less visibly impressive than what she usually did. At that moment, however, Serafall was sure the fallen wished she'd used her ice on them instead.

After all, it couldn't be pleasant, to feel your body temperature lower to the point where a single shift, the smallest bit of strength on Serafall side would turn them into frozen fallen. She'd lowered their temperature to just before they became living statues. Every body part needed a different temperature for that, but Serafall was good at what she did. She was no Sirzechs or Ajuka, but she was still a Satan, after all.

They could thank their fallen physiology, since more mortal beings would have died with that drastic shift in body temperature.

"You are going to talk," she told them casually with a friendly smile that must have looked anything but to the fallen. "You were working with a traitor for a terrorist organization that has allied fallen, devils and angels alike. I don't think I have to explain to you how bad your situation is."

"We did nothing of the sort," the leader replied, frowning at her. "But I guess that doesn't matter to you, does it? You've already decided we are guilty."

"You are guilty. After all, one of you had this on your person," Serafall said, placing a piece of paper on the table, with a circle drawn on it. "Smart of whoever it was to leave it on the ground, by the way, even if it won't help you."

"Human magic?" the fallen asked, with barely contained disdain. The Satan had to wonder how she managed that after being so thoroughly beaten into the ground by Joshua. Regardless of that, it really grated on Serafall to see someone important to her be dismissed like that, however indirectly.

She made a conscious effort not to just freeze her then and there.

"Human magic that's connected with Khaos Brigade. A circle that we've found in many of their members. It's used as a signal, that way they can teleport close to it in case their members need help," Serafall explained calmly, smile still in place, just like her magic. She noticed, with some vindictive glee, that their teeth were starting to chatter and their limbs to tremble. "You could say I planted this, or that I made it up, but the fact is that this is the truth. Even if you don't talk, Azazel is likely to have you interrogated whenever we hand you over to him. If I were you, I'd use every chance I get to try and make things easier for myself."

Serafall really hoped they took that bait. While she wasn't lying, she wasn't sure that Azazel would be very forthcoming with whatever he found. Considering this were his people being involved with Khaos Brigade, that meant that he was likely to try and sweep some things under the rug. Granted, she didn't think the man would interfere with their shared objective, but he'd definitely try to make things easier on his people.

"So, you admit you have no power over us," the leader replied, a smirk forming on her lips that were turning blue due to the cold. "You have to hand us over to Azazel. He'll make sure you realize your mistake. We definitely have nothing to do with-"

"Kalawarna," the blond one said, making the blue-haired one pale even more than she already was. "She was the one with the circle. I felt her use that when… things went south," the woman said, a frown appearing on her face. "You knew about all… that," she accused. "I'm not gonna go down with you."

"Mittelt," the leader tried to interfere.

"I have no idea what you want from us, but I won't go down with that… traitor," she hissed. "I'm a sensor, I might be able to tell you some things."

Serafall grinned widely at that.

"Mittelt," the leader tried again.

"Oh, please, Raynare. I know you want to look good, but this could be very bad for us. I'm not gonna risk it," the blonde said, sitting straight and managing to stop the trembling of her body for a moment. "What do you want to know? And could you please tone that down?" she asked with a wry smile.

Serafall did as she requested with a grin still in place. The other two could continue to suffer though. Especially the blue-haired one. The Satan had already picked up on the fact that Mittelt, as it seemed to be her name, was telling the truth so far. So, she made sure to toy with the apparent traitor a bit more. Going the slightest bit over the age at times, freezing her skin in a way that was certainly not nice to experience.

Serafall hadn't had to do something so drastic since the war, but Khaos Brigade seemed to be determined on bringing the worst from people. They had done that with Yasaka, were doing it with Joshua and her and would likely do it with others. So, she felt no pity for this member of their organization.

Especially because of who they'd hurt with their latest stunt. Serafall might not be sure what the future held for Joshua and her. She might not know if some of her idle and not so idle thoughts regarding the man would get anywhere. But what she did know was that he was a friend and someone that was only getting increasingly more important for her.

So, Serafall would make sure nobody messed with him again.

If she had to set an example, then so be it.

[}-o-{]​

[Meredith Ordinton]

Something had obviously happened to Professor Davis, or The Professor as some people called him. It was difficult to argue against that distinction between the man and the rest of magical teachers. How could one do that, when he was probably the only teacher that so readily spread his knowledge? Granted, he wasn't the only one, but many of the others that were generous enough weren't as highly regarded as Joshua Davis himself. Few had the achievements behind them as Meredith's current teacher did, having battled against two Longinus and having bested one of them.

Back on topic, it was difficult not to notice, even if the man himself hadn't told them that he was recovering from something which was why he was weaker than usual. Curiously, the man had made no mention as to what he was recovering from, but it had to be something serious if it was taking him long to get over it. One way or another, it was difficult not to notice even without the prior comment.

The man would usually be found walking around the front of the classroom during lectures or, at most, leaning against his desk. Now, however, he was sitting on the chair behind the piece of furniture. He looked pale, his voice was low and he moved very little, mostly just to pet his familiar, Cheshire. Meredith didn't like seeing a man that she admired so much looking so… Unlike himself.

Looking to the side, she noticed that both Karin and George were probably feeling about the same as she did. The three of them had bonded as what the others called them, Davis's star students. It had earned them both prestige and jealousy in equal measure among their peers both in the classroom and in their associations. Meredith herself was very proud of being acknowledged as someone of note, both by her teacher and by everyone else. It was especially nice after… Well, that didn't matter.

George was much more nervous with the attention it got him, but he was nervous about a lot of things. The rather shy boy had good reasons for that regarding being one of Davis's praised students though. It was great for their standings in their associations, of course, but it also painted a target on their backs, as it were. Many people wanted to be in their place, and many wouldn't mind getting there by… Well, dealing with the competition, as they saw it.

Karin, for her part, seemed to be the middle ground between them. Proud and happy but also wary of the attention they were getting. Meredith guessed that was the sensible way to see things, even if that meant she wasn't being sensible. Regardless of that though-

"Professor Davis? Could you help me with this? I'm having some trouble with this part," someone called and Meredith gnashed her teeth instantly. She'd know that voice anywhere and, with that, she knew what they were trying to do. That man had always been one of those that disrespected Professor Davis the most during classes. Not using his title was one of the lesser offenses, even if the man himself hardly seemed to care.

Now, however, Meredith knew the man was calling, sounding all respectful and shit, because he wanted to bully their professor in a moment of weakness. Nobody spoke up, of course, because that would be just as insulting to their teacher, but she could see several people directing glares towards the man. Regardless of it all, Davis stood up and slowly made his way to the man, as he'd always done.

Now, however, it was almost painful to watch a man that normally walked like he didn't have a care in the world now walk like each step was a struggle. He didn't let up, however, and he managed to make his way towards the middle of the classroom where the student was sitting. There, Meredith and everyone else saw him address the concern of the man and then…

Then Davis frowned, and it was like something shifted inside the room.

Slowly, their professor turned to regard the man instead of whatever problem or "problem" he'd called Davis for.

"... Get your things," the man said then, and the words all but echoed inside the room.

"Excuse me, sir?"

"You heard me," Davis replied, unblinking. "Get your things and get out of my classroom," he said, making everyone's eyes widen.

"Wha-Why?" the man asked, suddenly looking both offended and scared. Meredith, from where she sat, grinned widely. "I was just asking a question!"

"Sure you were," Davis told him, looking just as uncaring as he had through the whole interaction. "Look, normally, I don't care about your silly games or whatever. If you think insulting me or whatever is funny, it honestly doesn't matter to me. However, I don't have the energy right now to put up with it and teach the class. So, I'm asking you to leave. There are people here that actually want to learn."

"Do-Do you know who I am? You can't just kick me out!" the man protested, standing up with a thunderous expression and Meredith readied herself to cast a spell if the idiot decided attacking Davis was a good idea. Chances were their teacher could take care of it, but he shouldn't need to. Especially when he was obviously not at his best.

"You sure about that? Because I am doing that right now," Davis asked, tilting his head. "Now, get out of here, or I'll have to talk with House of Water and get them to kick you out."

"You can't just do this! My association won't stand for this!" the man threatened then and there was a moment of silence as the man glared at their teacher. Meredith almost wished she could see their professor's face.

"What association are you from?" Davis asked then, his tone giving away nothing at all.

"Golden Dawn," the man declared proudly, grinning like he'd already won the argument. Meredith herself wasn't sure he was high enough in the association to really warrant that much certainty, but then again, she didn't know most of the other members of their association in the class that well.

"I don't know who you are, but everyone from your association can thank you," Davis said then. "You are all getting out of my class right now."

Meredith froze then, her face paling and she saw the many students from her association react in some way. Before anyone could say anything, two things happened. One, the entire room was bathed in killing intent coming from their teacher. One that made them all want to run away. The second thing was that Cheshire, usually an adorable cat and little else, was now a fully grown white tiger, growling at them in a way that by itself would have cowed them.

"You'll get out right now, or we'll have a problem. I might be weak, but I'm not helpless. You'll do as I say, the easy way or the hard way," Davis announced and Meredith felt her stomach drop. "Now, go," he growled. Nobody said anything for a long moment, before one after another, the students started standing up. "Be sure to tell your organization who to blame for this," he added, giving the original problem student a look as he paled.

Meredith couldn't imagine the higher ups would be too pleased with him once they learned what he'd caused. Professor Davis's wasn't a class she thought people would want to lose their spot on, be it the students themselves or the association behind them. And now, Golden Dawn was entirely losing their contingent in it.

She couldn't bring herself to care about that though. She was too disappointed and dismayed by the fact that she was being kicked out too. Meredith was losing one of the few things that made her truly happy and proud. Oh, she was going to find out who that student was and she was going to make her displeasure known, one could bet on that.

At that moment though, as she stood up and gathered her things slowly, she was just… hurt.

"Not you Meredith, you can stay," she heard then, making her freeze and turn. Her now wide eyes found Professor Davis giving her a soft smile from where he stood, leaning against one of the desks. "Relax, I didn't even know you were from Golden Dawn."

Almost on its own, her body let out a sigh in relief as she deflated.

"Now, I know there are some of you that think you are funny or something," Davis continued then as the rest of Golden Dawn students left the classroom. "But if you don't want to end up like that, you'll behave yourself until I'm back to normal, am I clear?"

"Yes, Professor Davis," the students chorused then, as their teacher gazed upon them. Eventually, the man nodded, let up his killing intent and took his seat behind his desk. The rest of the class was finally able to breath well again when Cheshire returned to her cat form once more. They were unlikely to forget, as if they had needed the reminder to begin with, that it was a very bad idea to get on their teacher's bad side.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"Am I in trouble?" he asked, leaning back against the couch he was sitting on and idly running his fingers through Cheshire's fur. "Because I'm not sorry, just to let you know."

"People are going to be annoyed, I can tell you that," Agnes replied wryly, looking out the window of her office as she spoke to him. "But it's their own fault. They should have better control over their members. Golden Dawn will whine and complain, but they'll get over it and ask to send their students back here. Probably without that troublemaker you mentioned. It'd really help if you knew their name."

To that, Joshua shrugged.

"I know like three student's names. I'm really bad with those. Can't imagine none of the other students know his name though," he replied, drawing a sigh from the woman. "Good to know things won't become troublesome."

"You could have worried about that before," the Director commented with an unimpressed expression. When he didn't react, the woman sighed. "I should have known you were too good to be true. So, this is when the other shoe drops, huh?"

"Took you long enough to realize that, honestly," Joshua replied with a lazy grin. "So, anything I can do to make things easier? Something that's preferably not very annoying?"

"... That's a generous offer, but I'll do the, ugh, benevolent thing and tell you that it's not necessary," Agnes told him, giving him a grin to let him know she was joking. "Please, do try not to pull stuff like this too often."

"I mean, if they are being idiots…" he continued then, letting the statement hang there. "I like to think I'm a patient man, but I can only take so much," he added and it was his turn to look out the window. "Especially right now."

Those words earned him a thoughtful look from the woman.

"... Do you need a break from the classes? That can be arranged," Agnes offered, her expression and voice softening. "It seems you are dealing with some things, and I don't mean your sudden bout of weakness. I know you took a few days off but still…"

"I'm fine," Joshua dismissed, taking a deep breath in and letting it out. "I just need time to recover from magical exhaustion."

That, if anything, seemed to make the woman even more worried about him. If worried was the right word for it, at least. Joshua wasn't very sure about that, if he was honest.

"If you say so," the woman replied slowly, sitting straighter on her seat. "Well, if you need anything, Joshua, just let us know. Honestly, with the classes you are giving and the classes you are going to give, I don't even know what I could give you that'd be enough."

"I'm sure you can think of something," Joshua reassured with a slight grin.

"You don't make things easy, do you?" Agnes asked, shaking her head. "I do have some ideas, in all seriousness, but I guess if you aren't in a rush I have time to go over them. Wouldn't want to give you something that you don't like or anything."

There was only one thing Joshua wanted from anyone at that point and that was for Khaos Brigade to be destroyed. Sadly, he couldn't really ask that of Agnes. Serafall, Yasaka, Azazel, the Church and Heaven, all of them had to deal with the organization because they were political figures, they had people to protect. Agnes wasn't quite like that. Sure, she had her organization, but House of Water wasn't considered an actual faction. They were out of that realm, really.

Joshua could have sighed then, his hand moving to the locket that hung from his neck to fidget with it. It was a habit he was developing, it seemed. As he did so though, an idea occurred to him, making him pause.

"Say, maybe there's something you could do for me," Joshua said, turning and staring straight into Agnes's eyes, which seemed to catch the woman off guard for a moment. "Hexennacht," he told her, making her blink and stiffen. "You know of them, I'm sure."

"Witches Night, they are a Stray Magic Association," she replied, frowning. "What do you want with them?"

"Do you have information about them? Could you gather some?" he asked, taking a slow breath in to keep himself calm. Cheshire, on his lap, pressed her head against his hand to help with that endeavor. "I'd appreciate it."

"Why do you want that of all things?" Agnes asked, confused. "Getting involved with them is a bad idea, Joshua. I don't know what you could-"

"I want to destroy them," he said then, his grip on his composure slipping and making the woman widen her eyes. "They've made an enemy of me."

Because Hexennacht was somewhat related to Khaos Brigade or so his memories said. They were certainly some kind of antagonistic figure in the series, that much he was sure of. He didn't remember when or where, but he'd heard or read the name at some point. That had been the key he needed to remember that they were related to the plot.

"I… can probably get you something. They are Strays, however. There's not nearly as much information regarding them as there is in normal organizations, I'm afraid," Agnes replied hesitantly. "Otherwise they'd have been dealt with already."

"Whatever you can get me is fine," Joshua reassured her. "With that said, I think I should be on my way."

"Take care of yourself, Joshua."

"You as well," he replied. As he stepped outside, he spared a side glance towards Elizabeth, who walked past him. Her mere presence disturbed him through his Life Sense, but he ignored that. Agnes didn't seem to be so bad and, quite honestly, Joshua had bigger fish to deal with at the moment.

The woman, for her part, seemed to stiffen for a moment when he paused. He did have other things to deal with but maybe… 'Hm, something to consider,' he decided, pushing a sudden idea he had to the side. He'd have to go over that at a later time.

For the moment… He had plans to make, because Khaos Brigade had decided that they weren't done with him, evidently. That meant Joshua wasn't done with them. He wouldn't let things end like they did. The factions he was working with were doing well, from what he knew, but it was evidently not enough. No…

They were all going to die, if it was the last thing he did.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Welp, last time I did a Serafall PoV reception was… mixed at best. Here's hoping I did a better job this time. If not, I guess I'll have to stay away from her Point of View. Not really leaving her character aside, but just… Not see the story from her side. Really hoping I did a good job this time though. It's been too long since I got criticism like that, if I ever did, so it left me a little… shaken, I guess.

Aside from that, we've got a Meredith PoV and our boy's too. But, I… don't think I wanna comment on those myself. I'd much rather know what you guys think.

Anyway, hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you think Agnes might pay Joshua with for the classes? Besides what he has asked for, that is.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 241 others
Adrian King
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 86 - To Make Sleeping Giants Wake Up New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#348
To Make Sleeping Giants Wake Up

"Misteeta, come on!" someone cried out before Joshua nicked them a handful of times with his daggers. With a groan, Gandoma deflated, letting himself fall to the ground. Almost distractedly, the human then blocked a sword to his back, courtesy of Kiba.

"I'm trying damnit," Sairaorg's Bishop replied then, waving his staff around. "He has too many tricks for me to take aw- Fuck!" he screamed then, as a holy dagger embedded itself in his thigh. The man would be fine though, since Asia was on healing duty at the moment.

"Come on, Coriana," Kuisha called then and a handful of her Hole appeared in the air. The purpose for them was apparent as her fellow peerage member shot an attack that started traveling between the Hole not unlike a pinball would. Joshua didn't just sit there though, dashing forward. The Hole repositioned themselves, but he was not concerned. His Sensing skills would tell him if anything got even close to hitting him, after all.

"Girls! Make it quick!" Beruka told them, readying his lances as Joshua charged at him. For once, the plea of one of them was heard, when the attacks Coriana and Kuisha were coordinating finally seemed to shot towards him. However, at the last second, Joshua grinned widely.

Parts of his body dissolved then and there, earning cries of surprise and confusion from his opponents. The magical attacks phased through his body, the same as Akeno's thunder. The sound of the last one only served for Joshua to rescind more power to Setan Kober. The dagger replied in kind, eager to give him power for more of his rage.

Carnwennan wouldn't be outdone, however, so it decided for something drastic. There were many ranged opponents left in the fight still, so it went for one of them. Joshua's arm snapped to the side almost on its own and the legendary weapon flew true, hitting one Rias Gremory in the shoulder and taking her out.

Setan Kober, for its part, took out Beruka.

"And then there were four," Joshua announced, turning to look at Coriana, Kuisha, Kiba and Akeno. Distractedly, he pulled out one of Jeanne's holy daggers from his Storage Spell. "Or not," he added, grinning widely as all four of them tensed up. That didn't save Kiba, however, as one of his Neutral Ropes shot up from behind him, wrapping him up and taking him out. "Then there were three."

With that, he started shooting Neutral Bolts to everyone and anyone indiscriminately. They weren't supposed to take anyone out, after all. The barrage of attacks was only for distraction purposes. It didn't quite work, since Coriana and Akeno could easily dodge or tank them while shooting and Kuisha could redirect them with no trouble. However, it was still a pull on their focus and Joshua could take that.

Besides, their attacks only passed through his body as he turned parts of it into sand. 'Set's blessing is insane,' he thought, just like he had the first few times he'd tested the new ability it gave him. Joshua was fairly sure the supremely smug feeling from the Charm was the god in question.

He deserved to feel like that, quite honestly. The ability to turn parts or his entire body into a small human-shaped sandstorm was amazing. Mainly because it let him ignore most attacks, really, but also because it added quite a few possibilities. One of which was, to his delight, flight.

'You are still cool, Shed,' he added at the offended feeling he got then. Joshua almost wanted to roll his eyes, but he still meant those words. If not for Shed, he probably wouldn't even have gotten the attention of Nephthys or Set, so he appreciated that the god had put his foot in the door.

Joshua still had his doubts if there wouldn't be another shoe to drop at some point, but that was for the future. As it was, there was no reason to resent the Egyptian deity, really. So, he'd just be grateful and wait with a healthy amount of concern to see if anything bad came from their relationship.

Joshua then felt two annoyed presences through the Charm and one very smug one. He was fairly sure he could guess who was who that time too, but he decided it might be better to just not. Besides, he had a spar to get over with anyway, so he'd focus on that instead.

"Fuck!" Coriana cursed as he got to her. "That's so fucking unfair," she grumbled then, stepping away as she left the battlegrounds. So the rules said and so she did. Joshua, for his part, prepared to face both Akeno and Kuisha. Neither of which seemed to realize the weakness of his new sand transformation, from what he could see.

Which suited him just fine. If anyone did, things would get much harder for him. After all, it was rather abusable, all things considered. One just needed to attack his whole body. Even if he could turn completely into sand, he could still be hit. The trick he was using was transforming parts of his body into sand so the attacks would fly through him. If enough sand was hit, however, he'd start receiving damage.

He'd found that out rather painfully, after all.

It wasn't absolutely broken, but it was certainly nice to catch people off guard. He didn't expect he'd be able to use that trick too many times, especially if his power became known. People were bound to start trying new stuff instead of just falling for it every single time. Or so he expected, at least. Stupidity should never be underestimated, after all.

"And then there was none," he announced, a holy dagger to Akeno's throat while Setan Kober poked Kuisha's midriff. "Good fight, everyone! It was fun," he called.

"You are getting progressively more insane," Kuisha grumbled, pouting at him, to which he only grinned at her, which made her blush a little. "Idiot. Are you sure you should be fighting like that? Didn't you say you weren't completely healed?" she asked then, to which he rolled his eyes.

"Yes, I'm fine, Jeanne," he replied, hearing a huff from his sister off to the distance where she helped her boyfriend stand up. "I'm actually fine, Kuisha. I'm still recovering, for sure, but I just have to be careful not to push past a certain point, that's all. I appreciate the concern though," he added, letting out a sigh and relaxing. He did feel like he might have pushed things a little. Not enough to really be considered a mistake, but still.

"Is there anything I can help-?" Kuisha started asking, moving a little closer only to be interrupted.

"Joshua!" Rias called from off to the side. "Are you going to come pick this up?" the heiress asked as he turned towards her, pointing towards Carnwenna, which was on the ground.

"Yeah, sorry about that by the way!" he replied, jogging towards the redhead to pick up his dagger. "I hope it wasn't too bad."

"It definitely was," Rias grumbled, massaging her shoulder. "Thank the Satans for Asia though. If not for her, things would be much more unpleasant."

"If not for her, I wouldn't even go as far as we do in this spars," Joshua commented with a chuckle. "I appreciate you going to these lengths though. You certainly don't have to," he added.

After all, she was a heiress of a devil pillar house. She could definitely say their spars were too dangerous for her and pull away. Instead, she'd gone out of her way to reassure him that she'd talked with her family and such in case any accidents happened. Hell, Rias was the one that had requested they train even harder. Fortunately, accidents were unlikely, since Joshua had full control of the wards around and there was Asia. Something very crazy would have to happen for something serious to… Well, happen.

"With how much you and this training is helping me? No way," Rias replied, shaking her head. "I think I might actually have a chance," she added, a shy smile on her face. "And it's thanks to you."

"You were the one that started putting actual effort into it. Don't give me the credit for that," he told her, waving her thanks away.

"You still helped," she shot back, before her expression turned nervous. Looking at her curiously. Joshua raised an eyebrow. "I… Well, I wanted to ask you something," she mumbled, looking down and away from him as her foot started poking the ground under her.

"Yeah?" he asked, tilting his head.

"Well, we know that Hyoudou has a Sacred Gear thanks to your wards," she mumbled then and suddenly the puzzle became very clear for Joshua. He wasn't sure how to feel about that though, if he was honest. "Sona and I were talking about if we should approach him or not, especially me since I needed… Well, I needed all the power I could get before. We are still interested, but we know you kind of… Took him under your wing. So, neither of us wanted to get on your bad side for that…"

"So…?" he urged her, not letting anything show on his face.

"We wanted to ask for your… permission, to try to get him to join one of our peerages," she finally said, to which he nodded slowly. "We don't need an answer immediately. We can wait. We just wanted to… Well, to ask."

"Ok," he said neutrally, looking away to see the rest of their gathering still recovering from the fight. Asia in particular was rushing between people. "You can approach him," he told Rias, to which she sighed in relief, which was a little amusing. How had he reached the point in which he could make a pillar heiress and sister of a Satan nervous? "Just… explain things to him clearly and… if possible, try to make sure he doesn't jump face first without thinking."

"We can do that, thank you," Rias told him, beaming. Then, much to his confusion, she sent what looked like a smug look towards somewhere behind him. Turning, slightly confused, he only saw Kuisha, who waved at him when he looked at her. "I guess I should go talk with my peerage. We have to think over the spar and see what we can take away from it. Maybe come up with some strategies. It's rather sad that everyone got taken out by you. No offense."

"None taken," he replied, turning towards her once more. "And, I mean, Sairaorg didn't join in."

"That's not very reassuring, you know?" the heiress told him, giggling as she moved away. "Be sure to rest some, ok? I don't need Jeanne to get on my case for pushing you too much, even if she's here to make sure of that herself."

"Sure," he told her, shaking his head as he moved to the side to take a seat with his familiars as he took a break from the training. Maybe he could go over his magical research for a bit, he supposed. He had many ideas to improve his battle capabilities, after all.

He had plenty of things to consider and tinker. Some more straightforward things, some less so, some defensive wards too and on top of all that was the still pending Healing Spell. He'd get there, however. There was no way he wouldn't get there.

His relaxed expression became a lot more serious as his thoughts turned to a darker place. Soon, it seemed that he'd need to go out on hunts once more. No more leaving it to the alliance of factions he'd helped form. No, Khaos Brigade needed to go down faster. Maybe it wouldn't do much, or maybe it would, but Joshua would add his grain of sand to the pile regardless.

No way he wouldn't get a chunk of those bastards if he could get away with it.

He was already gathering information about Hexennacht, not only through House of Water, but through Serafall and Yasaka. Hell, he'd sent Azazel a message that he'd give him more Sacred Gear-oriented wards if he could get him information he didn't already have through the others.

Besides that, he was starting to go over his knowledge from the series. There had to be other ways for him to approach this. There had to be other ways for him to hunt down Khaos Brigade and its allies. He'd find them all…

And he'd destroy them.

They deserved nothing else.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua looked to his side, to see a beaming Kunou. Maybe to say she was beaming was a bit of an understatement though. She looked like she might actually start glowing at any second and he wouldn't even be surprised if it happened. She was that happy.

"Definitely no regrets about getting convinced to do this, huh?" he asked, turning to give Yasaka a half smile as the woman sat in front of him. The three of them were sitting at a restaurant's table with illusions over them making many slight changes to their appearance and changing their hair color to black. "Can't remember the last time she looked that happy."

"Why wouldn't I be? I can be out in the open with my mom and my dad!" Kunou exclaimed, looking like a thoroughly happy camper. It was almost too adorable for Joshua. Almost, but he didn't think he'd ever have too much Kunou. "Thank you, mom."

"Well, thank Joshua, he's the one that's keeping the illusions up and making sure it's not broken," Yasaka said, throwing him under the bus as the girl turned to look at him like he was her absolute, best, greatest hero. He honestly couldn't stop himself from straightening up a little and puffing his chest with pride. It felt great to see his daughter so happy for something he did.

'Definitely get why dad did half the things he did for me now,' he thought to himself, feeling the slightest sting in his heart, one of his hands moving to thumb the locket over his chest. It wasn't the time for those thoughts though.

"It's nothing. Just a circle more complicated than usual, so it'll hold a bit better if it's broken," he waved off regardless of his pride. "And a few wards over this place to reduce the chances of anything breaking them to begin with," he added. Sure, he'd had to make a few trips to set everything up and it had been a bit of a hassle, since it was a very public place. However, the look on Kunou's face made it all worth it.

"Thank you, dad," the girl told him as a waiter brought their meals. Kunou looked at her plate like she wasn't sure if to eat it or not. "I don't wanna eat," she mumbled, pouting at the offending item. "Once we are done, we'll have to leave," she added, glaring down at her food.

"Kunou," Yasaka sighed, giving her daughter a look, even though Joshua wasn't sure what emotion was behind it.

"Well, good thing I thought ahead, unlike a certain someone," he commented, starting to eat and grinning at the curious look Kunou gave him. "You see, I thought just a meal was a bit… lackluster, so I went ahead and prepared a few other places just in case," he explained with a shrug, hiding a smug look at the way Kunou bounced back from annoyed and sad to beaming once more. Instead, he continued eating as if what he did was nothing.

"What places?" the girl asked, visibly trying and failing to contain her excitement.

"Aren't you gonna eat? Your food will get cold," he pointed out, ignoring her question. In front of him, Yasaka hid a giggle behind her hand before starting to eat herself, seemingly happy to watch him interact with Kunou.

"Dad!" the girl protested – whined, more like, but she would never admit it – while looking at the ceiling despairingly. "Stop being mean."

"Well, I put a few wards over a cinema, a park and a mall. Wasn't sure what else to cover, honestly. I'm open to ideas for the future," he answered with a grin, watching as Kunou's face lit up. He could almost see her eyes turning to stars. "I take it those are good?"

"They are great!" Kunou exclaimed.

"Those are good, Joshua. Thank you," Yasaka herself replied, and if he hadn't known better, Joshua would have thought she was blushing.

"Well, good to know I did a good job. I really didn't know where to even put the things," he admitted, nervously fidgeting with his locket for a moment. "I should have asked instead of trying to make that a surprise," he added before focusing on his meal.

"You don't have anything to be nervous about," Yasaka reassured, smiling kindly at him, which made him smile in turn, if not quite as widely. "I'm sure Kunou will think up a dozen more places for you to do that to, however. So I hope you are ready for that."

"No place you can add to that list then?" he asked, his self-consciousness assuaged for the moment. "It's a bit of a hassle, but it's relatively quick."

"I'll keep that in mind once Kunou is done with her list," the woman answered, and he was pretty sure her smile widened the smallest bit.

[}-o-{]​

"So, how are we doing this?" Joshua asked, looking around at the people that were doing some last minute adjustments to their equipment and such things. "And how did you convince me to do this again?" he added, an amused smile on his face to show that he was only joking. Well, half-joking, really, but still.

"You already know your part, Joshua," Serafall said, waving off his doubts with a grin before narrowing her eyes at him. "Or you should, I did give you the script."

"I know my part, but I don't know how this works, Serafall. Should I do something specific while we do this. Stand somewhere, what about the crew and their equipment," he said, waving towards the people around them. "Besides, there was this character that I don't even know who they are supposed to be. Are they new? I'm sure I'm caught up in the series," he told her, growing increasingly nervous as he addressed all his worries. "I'm not sure this was a good idea. I'm no actor."

"Just think about it as if it were a real thing," Serafall reassured, placing a hand on his arm. "You'll do fine. And if you don't, that's fine too. I know you aren't an actor, Joshua. If things don't work out, that's that. I thought you wanted to do this," she pointed out, with no judgment in her gaze whatsoever.

Joshua deflated.

"It's just… I'm just nervous. I was kind of excited about this, honestly. I just… I guess it hit me just now that I'm really doing this," he mumbled, looking around at the crew, the stage, the equipment… It was kind of intimidating, really.

"I told you that you were jumping into things without thinking," Sona commented from where she stood, a little off to the side. She'd been kind enough to offer to bring him to the Underworld for him to participate, for the first time, in Serafall's show.

Admittedly, he was kind of busy with other things at the moment to bother with such a thing, but the Satan had made a good argument. There was an actual, practical reason for him to participate other than just… Well, money, which he didn't really have a great need for. Joshua could use the added good PR with the Underworld's population, especially considering the stunt he was planning to pull with the Phenex family.

It'd be a nice thing to have the general public on his side, if only a little bit. Granted, the Healing Spell would, by itself, earn him quite a bit of favor. However, the spell itself was kind of what would make not only the Phenex but most pillar families be wary of him, if not outright hostile, especially in the former's case. He was kind of stealing one of their shticks for himself, he supposed, which wouldn't go overly well with them.

'Now, there's an idea,' he mused, thinking if he could, once he was done, try and copy some other family's power. Or maybe a Sacred Gear? He was sure to be able to convince Issei to let him study the Boosted Gear once he unlocked it and such. There were some wards that powered up people inside them, but Joshua had always preferred to bring down other people. After all, a drastic change in his capabilities was bound to be weird to control, since he wouldn't be used to that.

"Joshua~," Serafall called him, tapping his head with her "magical" staff. "Your mind got away from here again, mister."

"Serafall," Sona chided, but he chuckled and waved the younger sister's concern off.

"It's fine, I kind of need that sometimes. I do let my thoughts drift a little too much at times. Especially when thinking about wards," he explained, his hand moving to fidget with his locket.

"Do I wanna know?" Serafall asked curiously.

"Probably not," he shot back with a grin. He could only imagine the headaches that him trying to get more of her people's bloodline abilities would bring for her and Sirzechs. He was pretty sure the only reason they were allowing the Healing Spell at all was because they both cared a whole lot for Rias, especially the Satan Lucifer.

For some reason, both Serafall and Sona blinked at him as if he'd done something surprising or something of the sort.

"So," he continued then, feeling his nerves creep up once more as he pulled one of the items he'd been given for his outfit for the show. "Domino Mask," he mumbled, looking at the item his character seemed to be named after. "Really?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at the magical girl standing next to him. "That's the name of my character?"

"What? It's a good name!" the woman protested, pouting at him. To that, he only raised an eyebrow. Did she actually believe that or was this one of her joking moments?

"It is rather… simplistic, Serafall," Sona commented, making the pout on her sister's face intensify. "But I guess it's effective enough," the girl added, clearly unwilling to actually get into an argument regarding that. Understandable, considering how uncomfortable she seemed to be with the whole thing regarding that side of her sister's professional life.

Which actually begged the question of why she was there, but Joshua didn't think it was safe to actually point that out.

"I guess that's good enough," Joshua decided, looking back at the domino mask in his hand. Before looking down at the black tuxedo that completed his outfit. "How does this look, by the way?" he asked, shifting a little. "I've never been one for formal clothing, honestly," he added. He was pretty sure he could count the number of times he used a button-down shirt with one hand, nevermind a full suit or anything of the sort. "Can't say this is comfortable," he mumbled, shifting again.

"You look great, Joshua," Serafall cheered, making a show of jokingly looking him up and down. "And I'm sure you'll get used to it. You did say we could choose your outfit so long as it wasn't too out there. I think this is well within those specifications."

Well, she had him there, he supposed. He was honestly surprised his outfit was so simple, really. All in all, maybe he should just take the win and be grateful that he'd gotten something relatively normal instead of… Whatever else, Serafall and the staff of the show might choose for him to wear.

"You do look well in that, if you were looking for a more… normal point of view," Sona offered, making him grin wryly at her. He wasn't sure how much her opinion counted as normal, but it was certainly more than Serafall's, he supposed.

"Thanks, I guess I'm just back to worrying for nothing, huh?" he asked before Margalo came flying and perched on his shoulder. "Ready to face the music, girl?" he asked, receiving an excited thrill from the bird, which made him grin. Especially once she pushed her magic into it and Gentle Song reassured his nerves. "So, where do we start?" he asked, straightening and looking towards a visibly excited Serafall.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm kinda curious about the reception of this chapter. I'm not sure how well I explained the effect of the Blessing of Set. Not sure how well I did with the other two scenes either, but I liked writing this chapter, so I hope it came out alright. Please, do let me know what you think, yeah?

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Er… No idea. Anything you wanna tell me?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 232 others
Adrian King
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 87 - It's Gonna Get Harder From Here New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#354
It's Gonna Get Harder From Here

[George Pickingill]

He sat there, waiting nervously as his teacher went over some of the notes he shared with him. Why someone as high up in the magical community as Joshua Davis wanted to learn more about his magic, George didn't know. It was a bit baffling, all things considered, really.

Don't get him wrong, he liked Recovery Magic, George was very proud of it. There was nothing quite like seeing it rid someone of a curse or illness that would have otherwise taken their life or sometimes worse. It was always a great thing to see, when it was him or someone else in his family that did it.

However, George was aware that his magic wasn't what one would call impressive. He was fine with that, quite honestly, even more than that. He preferred not to have too much attention on himself if he could get away with it. It meant there'd be less pressure on him, less expectations too.

Now though, he'd been thrust into the spotlight without even understanding how or why. Joshua Davis himself, a warder of growing renown, fighter of Longinus and overall prodigy of magics, seemed to have gotten an interest in George and his branch magic. Things didn't make sense to him, in either case, really.

All of a sudden, his family was getting contacted from all over the place. It was subtle, but for those who had always stayed on the unnoticed side of magical society, it was like the difference between night and day. Out of nowhere, they were people of importance talking to them, and business deals were being spoken and considered when they'd been all but ignored before.

Hell, the only reason he'd managed to get a spot in the Spell Modification class was because his father had pulled many of the favors his family had amassed. There was no way they'd pass up the chance to get some of that very valuable knowledge. Professor Davis had been an unknown and magical teachers were unreliable at the best of times, but George's father had decided that the gamble was worth it.

Indeed, the man seemed to have been right, and not only because the classes were much better than they could have hoped.

George was under no delusions that the man in front of him was the one behind the change in their family's situation, and neither was his family. Joshua Davis, The Professor, had caused waves in the magical society by freely throwing around the knowledge that many considered to be key to being actually someone. Instead of being the run of the mill magician flinging around established spells, they'd soon have personal variants of spells.

So, with all that in mind, he waited for Professor Davis to say something.

At that point, with his nerves growing increasingly out of control and his mind conjuring worse and worse scenarios, he'd take the man just laughing on his face and taking back the attention he'd given him. George just wanted the suspense to end. Seriously, it felt like an eternity since he'd given the man the notebook with some information regarding Recovery Magic.

As if hearing his silent pleas, Professor Davis finally did something other than just sitting there behind his desk and reading over the notes. The grin that formed on the man's face was reassuring, but not overly much. There was a predatory glint to it that didn't help George's unease, in all honesty.

"This is great," the man said, and George finally felt like he was able to breathe. "Is there anything I can do to get more information, this looks like it'll be very useful for me," Professor Davis continued and the younger man felt his mind go blank for a moment.

Had he really said that? Joshua Davis, the man that had helped put House Pickingill back on the map, as it were, wanted to pay them for something? Hell, George's father had tasked him with finding out if there was a way for them to repay the man. He had been about to ask about that once this whole ordeal with the teacher's interest in Recovery Magic was over.

"Ah, there's no need for that, Professor Davis," George hurried to reply, before the man could misunderstand or something. "You've already done a lot for me. I couldn't ask you for anything else, truly."

"Nonsense," the teacher waved him off then, making his eyes widen. "I've only done what I should as a teacher, which is why House of Water pays me. I can't take more from you too. That'd be kind of double dipping, wouldn't it?"

"Not at all, sir," George denied, shaking his hands. He needed to make it clear that it was not that at all. Truly, it certainly wasn't in the man's job description to improve George's entire House's standing.

"Are your family's wards good?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow and if George was already wide eyed before, this almost made his eyeballs drop from their sockets.

"They are… They could be better, of course," he started, because he didn't want to outright deny the man's idea. That'd run the risk of Professor Davis taking offense, making it sound like they were insulting his skills. Now, he just needed to tell the man that it wasn't necessary at all. "B-"

"Great," Professor Davis said before he could even get a full word out, grinning widely. "Can you check with your family if you can teach me more about Recovery Magic in exchange for defenses? I know main magics are important and yours is a family thing, from what I understand, so I can throw in hexes too, if your House is ok with those. I promise I'll set them up as best I can."

To that, George could only gape at the man.

Nononono, he couldn't let things end at that. Surely there was a way he could fix the misunderstanding, right? How had it all ended up like that in the first place?

"Now, go to your seat, okay? The rest of the class should be arriving soon," Professor Davis told him, still grinning like he'd come out winning from their encounter instead of deciding to excessively overpay him. "Thanks again for coming early, by the way."

George just stood there, blinking.

[}-o-{]​

[Students of Davis]

They watched as The Professor stood there, in front of the class in complete silence. It seemed that he was back to normal, leaning against his desk instead of sitting behind it, just like back before whatever had weakened him for some time. He regarded the class in silence, but everyone noticed how his eyes seemed to focus more on the students from Golden Dawn more than anyone else.

As for the aforementioned association's members, they sat tense at their desks, all except The Professor's favored student, Ordinton. They couldn't risk being kicked out and actually having to stay out of the class, like what had happened to the student from the last incident. The man had been replaced by another member, who they could only pity, since she'd missed all the classes up until then.

"I'm sure you can put together that I'm back to normal," The Professor started, forgoing niceties and the professional approach as he usually did. "That doesn't mean you can go back to testing my patience. I find myself very short on that as of late, and I'm sure you guys don't want to find my new limits," he said then, and those that had previously taken advantage of the man's lax rules and uncaring, downright naive attitude, gulped nervously.

It seemed that there would be a change in the classes, and not regarding the curriculum.

"We have a new addition to our class too," The Professor said then, drawing even more attention to the woman that sat on a chair that many had avoided as if it had been cursed. "She's obviously behind the rest of you in terms of knowledge, since she's just now getting started," the man continued, and the rest of the class had to respect the way the woman could just sit there, not at all bothered by the attention, nor affected by the implication of her situation.

"I can assure you that I'll catch up soon enough, Professor Davis," she replied instead.

"I'm sure you could," he said, tilting his head to look at her for a long moment. "Still, while we have people more or less skilled on Spell Modification in here, I don't like the unfairness of your position," he explained before his eyes scanned the rest of the classroom. "So, I'll give you all an optional task."

"Optional task" the man said, as if they wouldn't throw themselves at anything he suggested they do. The man might have an unconventional approach to things, strange views and some of them didn't like him very much, however, there was no denying that he was one of the best magical teachers around. The more time passed, the less students were willing to waste the chance they were given by being allowed to be in his class.

"You'll help the miss catch up with the rest of you," Joshua said, and suddenly everyone was looking much more intently at the Golden Dawn magician. Now she seemed to become a little affected, shifting slightly but noticeable on her seat. "If you do a good job helping her, I'll see to it that you are rewarded. However, if you do a bad job," he said and it was time for everyone to shift on their seats as the atmosphere in the room changed. On the desk, Morag, the spider familiar of The Professor, seemed to become even more noticeable. "Well, we might have more new students in the classroom if so. I won't have anyone sabotaging a fellow student, is that clear?"

"Yes, Professor Davis," the students chorused.

"Good," the man said, nodding. "At least, that's what I had in mind. Unless the miss would prefer to improve on her own, that is," he said then, relaxing once more and everyone finally remembered to breathe. "I wouldn't want to force you to accept help that you don't want."

"That's… fine, Professor Davis," the woman replied, her voice lower than before, more hesitant. "Thank you. I appreciate the concern."

"Don't mention it," The Professor waved off. "On a somewhat related note but not really," he started then, a slight grin on his face. "I'll start another class here at House of Water," he announced like he'd some piece of homework instead of that absolute bomb. The man wasn't done yet, however. "I'll start a class on Ward Magic. Director Agnes offered me the chance to give spots to people. If any of you want a spot… Well, make me think you deserve it."

Before he was even done, a hand had already been raised.

"Yes, Meredith?" the man asked, but he clearly knew where things were going.

"Can I join that class, Professor Davis?" the girl asked, eyes practically shining. She also looked supremely smug to the rest of the students even if she hid it well. After all, there was no way The Professor would say no to her, one of the only three people he even bothered knowing the name of.

"I'll let Director Agnes know," The Professor replied, expectedly. As for the girl, she leaned back on her seat, clearly very satisfied.

Suddenly, helping the new member of the class became an even more important thing to do. Any of them that had a specialization even remotely related to Ward Magic would want to be in that class. Especially since they were very aware of how good a teacher The Professor was. While normally tackling a different branch of magic was something that made many a person hesitate and consider very thoroughly, taking into account how difficult it was to learn and use something completely different from one's main magic…

Well, if there was anyone that could help people through that tedious, incredibly hard process, then that was Joshua Davis.

So, if helping the new student could be enough to earn the favor of The Professor, then they certainly would give it their all.

"With that out of the way," the man in question said, clapping his hands. "Let's get started with the actual class, yes?"

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"You are way too comfy," he muttered, making Nagini preen at the praise and send him a thoroughly smug feeling. "Not sure how proud you should be about that, but if you are happy then I'm happy," he commented, grinning amusedly as he turned from the notebook on his lap and planted his hand on top of the serpent's head. "You are not too bored, are you? You don't move around nearly as much as you did when you were smaller," he asked then.

It was something he wondered sometimes. When he'd first got her, the snake had gone around a lot, hunting and such things. On top of that, he'd usually carried her on his shoulders a whole lot too. As she got progressively bigger with her evolutions, that was no longer the case. He couldn't carry her anymore. And she had stopped hunting, since there wasn't really much that could actually feed her on the areas surrounding his properties. As it was, he'd had to arrange something with Yasaka to get bigger animals to feed her.

In response to his worries, Nagini hissed something reassuring softly before rubbing her head against his cheek. Smiling at her, he replied in kind, petting her. However, he focused on the feeling he got from her to make sure. Indeed, she seemed to be fine. Maybe she had grown out of her need to move around, or maybe she had never been quite as much of a fan of that as he'd thought.

"Well, if you are fine with things…" he mumbled, leaning back against his serpent/seat. "I hope you are not too unhappy with me when things start getting… hectic. They might, soon enough," he added, leaning his head against the hard but also oddly soft scaled skin of his familiar. The sky above seemed to display the same peaceful feeling of the moment. It was mostly clear, only a few tiny, wispy clouds here and there that could almost be ignored.

Nagini hissed something then, and the feeling through the bond told Joshua all that he needed to know. The snake might be fine lazing about and doing very little, but that didn't mean she wouldn't appreciate some more excitement in their days. It was a little odd, but he supposed that made sense, in a way. Learning that wasn't as reassuring as he thought it'd be.

"I'm not making a mistake, am I?" he asked, still staring up at the blue sky. "Going after them, interfering. I'm sure everyone can deal with them just fine, right?" he mused, almost distractedly. Sure, the factions hadn't done very well in canon, but they were doing stuff now. He'd nudged them in that direction as best he could and it seemed to have worked. He'd get a comment here and there from either Yasaka or Serafall regarding the factions' efforts against Khaos Brigade. They even mentioned a few things from the Fallen Angels' and the Church's side from time to time.

Nagini hissed something, and the feelings he got were so complex it took him a moment to interpret them. In the end, he concluded she didn't think it was wrong for him to want to get in on the action. He'd been directly affected by the terrorists' actions. Letting them be could just mean that they'd do so again and the serpent didn't like that idea very much.

As he finished processing that, Nagini wrapped around him a little more tightly, like she was hugging him.

He smiled.

"Thanks, girl," he said, throwing one of his arms around her body to return the gesture somewhat. Maybe he shouldn't take advice from a snake of all things. Smart as she was, she didn't quite have the same thought process of humans and such. None of his familiars did, not even Cheshire. However… He thought she wasn't wrong in this instance. And if she was, if they were, then so be it. He was tired of just waiting for someone to attack him, for things to go wrong. "They'll regret it, the day they decided attacking us was a good idea," he said, his calm expression breaking for a moment.

He was biding his time, just a little bit. He was getting some things ready, that was all. With his eyes moving back to his notebook, he continued working. He had ideas that had been pushed to the side in favor of others before. Now though, he wanted to finish them, improve them. They'd come in handy in the near future.

Joshua would make sure Khaos Brigade properly appreciated all the work he'd put on those.

With him, Nagini hissed something, a nasty amusement flowing from her to him. His serpentine familiar was very clearly looking forward to when they could all give the terrorists a piece of their mind. It wouldn't be for some time. He needed to finish several projects, but soon.

Soon, they'd see the error of their ways, painfully.

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

'For now, focus, Joshua,' he told himself, continuing going through his notes. There were many projects to work through. Many things that needed to be finished. If the Fallen Angels' attack had shown him something, it was that he was too weak still.

Sure, he was good with his magic, he was good at tinkering with it. One could even say that he was good at fighting. But he wasn't good enough. There were people too strong out there. He was nowhere near the level he needed to be to deal with them. Maybe he never would be, but he could level the playing field with his wards and hexes. He just needed to find better ways to apply them to more active combat situations.

'Lots of work indeed,' he thought to himself.

[}-o-{]​

He almost couldn't focus on the things he was working on, for a number of reasons, really. He was kind of supposed to be teaching Kunou, after all, but when Yasaka had come by as she sometimes did, he'd been mostly just spending time with her and their daughter – that still felt weird to think when worded like that – instead of actually teaching anything. From there, one thing led to the other, and he'd asked and left them to their conversation for a bit while he focused on his projects.

He did keep an ear out just in case, hearing something about the girl's other classes and such. From what he picked up, things were going alright, just that Kunou tended to get distracted easily. On that note, Joshua really wished he wouldn't be blamed for that, even if it was definitely his fault.

At some point though, the conversation had sort of ended and now Kunou was staring intently at what he was working on. He wasn't sure why, but from the glimpses he sent her way, he'd caught Yasaka looking highly amused. Still though, it was sort of awkward to work like that. Normally it would be fine but Yasaka's addition wasn't a normal thing.

"What is that?" Kunou asked, visibly frustrated. "Project Everchanging? It looks similar but there's Spacial Magic in there too, doesn't make sense."

"That's because it's another project," Joshua replied, letting his focus fully travel back to the present. "It does use several things from the Project Everchanging."

"What does it do?" Kunou asked, eyes shining in curiosity.

"That's a surprise," Joshua answered with a grin that widened when his daughter whined loudly. "I'll tell you this though. This is an entire other project. Project Law."

"Project Law…" the girl mumbled, frowning and pouting. "That tells me nothing!"

"Now now, Kunou, I'm sure there's a reason for the secrecy," Yasaka said, patting Kunou's head. "I'm sure," she repeated, sending a look towards Joshua that said she wasn't actually all that sure but she didn't seem to care regardless. She looked mostly amused by the whole situation, really. Joshua simply grinned at her.

That was when Fuyuko made an entrance, carrying a tray with drinks.

"Fuyuko, have I ever told you how amazing you are?" Joshua asked then, taking the cup he was offered after Yasaka and Kunou took theirs.

"You have, but you can always say it more, Joshua-sama," she replied with a slight smile. He really wished the servants would stop calling him that, but… Well, it'd been a while since he gave up on the hopes for that. "Do you need anything else?"

"... Some snacks for Kunou would be nice," Joshua said when the other two remained silent for a moment, drawing a smile and a nod from the yuki-onna. "She's been making a great deal of progress lately."

And she really had. The girl was starting to make her own illusions with less and less effort each time. Short ones, for sure, but she'd work her way up to more complex and longer shows and such with time. As she was, Joshua was barely doing any teaching, really. It was more like he was just checking for things she might have overlooked and giving advice.

"Thank you," the girl mumbled bashfully as she poked her fingers together. There was no denying the pleased smile on her face though, even if she was doing her best to look anywhere but at him or Yasaka. As for the latter, she regarded their daughter with a soft smile before she directed it at him.

"Anyway, Yasaka, remember that thing we were working on?" Joshua asked then, deciding to talk about something that he'd thought off lately. He'd waited to go over the idea he'd had and his own knowledge half-forgotten already.

In front of him, the youkai leader straightened where she sat, eyes sharpening. "That thing they were working on" meant Khaos Brigade and dealing with them, after all. The woman gave him a slight nod while Kunou blinked at them before narrowing her eyes as she always did when they talked in "code" as it were.

"Yes?" the leader asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Do you have any information regarding-," he started before being interrupted by his phone. Groaning, he deflated and pulled the device out. As he did though, checking the screen, he narrowed his eyes at the unknown number on the screen. After a moment, and after receiving a wave of Yasaka's hand, he answered the call. "Yes?"

"Joshua," he heard from the other side, drawing a wide eyed look from him. Well, that was certainly an unexpected person to receive a call from, that was for sure. "I hope this isn't an inconvenient time."

"Gabriel," he replied, drawing raised eyebrows from Yasaka and narrowed eyes from Kunou. He'd have rolled his eyes at the girl if not for the fact that her mother seemed to follow their daughter's example for some reason. He wondered what was up with that. "Not at all," he added. "What can I do for you?"

"You remember saying that you'd owe us for Carnwennan?" the angel asked and it was his turn to narrow his eyes. "We are calling that favor, if you don't mind doing this for us," she added and his suddenly tense shoulders relaxed. At least it seemed that they were keeping to their word about not asking for things he wouldn't do… maybe.

"Sure? You kinda need to tell me what you need me to do," he answered, not really agreeing to anything. Sure, the angels seemed to be alright so far, but… Well, he didn't want to take anything for granted, really.

"We need you to help us protect some places," the angel said.

"Sure, I can do that?" he answered, unsure.

"You might want to consider things a little more before agreeing to anything," the angel cautioned, which gave Joshua pause. "Joshua, we need you to help us because there's few people that are as relatively disconnected from factions as you are. We need help against outside forces as much as inside ones, after all."

That made his eyes widen.

"We need you to help us with a Civil War, Joshua."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

…

I'm not even gonna question things anymore. My muse and the characters can do whatever the fuck they want, I don't care. I think these cliffhangers are about as bad for you guys as they are for me, honestly.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Project Everchanging was mentioned before, do you remember what it was about? It's been a while. For that matter, do you have any guesses on what Project Law is?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 249 others
Adrian King
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 88 - Pouring the Fuel- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#357
Pouring the Fuel-

"Joshua."

"Griselda," he replied in kind after the teleportation was finished. On his shoulder, Margalo chirped her own greeting cheerfully while Cheshire did accordingly in her lynx form to his right. "I'd say it's good to see you, but…"

"The situation is less than ideal, indeed," she said with a smile on her face that seemed to try to hide a grimace. "Gabriel told me to inform you that with this, you'd be more than making up for Carnwennan," the woman told him before turning slightly and signaling for him to follow. "This way, please."

"Are exchanges in the supernatural always open-ended or is that just a thing for me?" Joshua asked then, slightly amused. Because yeah, he usually did leave deals like that, considering that he didn't want much. However, there also seemed to be others that did the same with him. Notably, the angels, as was becoming evident now. There was also Shed and the Egyptian pantheon, but Joshua wasn't too sure if that counted.

"I'm reasonably sure that it's not a common thing, no," Griselda said, and her lips pulled up on a much more real smile this time. "Maybe it doesn't mean much coming from me, but the angels are placing a lot of trust in you with what they are doing, now and before."

"I gathered," he replied with a slight nod, his mood brought down a bit by the seriousness of that statement and the situation. That's when his eyes started taking his surroundings. The place looked… he wasn't very sure how to call it, really. It was like seeing a hotel or a school or something like that, but mixed with a church. He wasn't sure if there was a name for that kind of thing, that sort of architecture, but it was certainly interesting. "Nice place."

"Thank you, although I'm not sure that description quite fits one of the biggest, most important bases of the Church," Griselda commented, making his eyes widen. This seemed to amuse the woman quite a bit, if the glint in her eyes and the half-smile on her face were any indication. "Well, one of them outside of the Vatican, that is," she continued as they walked through a long corridor. "That one is under close protection of the angels now, so extra measures aren't quite as necessary as in other places such as this one," she explained, to which he nodded slowly as he considered that.

"Good to know," he mused, glancing around to take everything in. Every little detail would be useful for the spell crafting he'd need. Most of his wards would need to be tailored to the place, but at least he was unlikely to need to make anything too complex from scratch. "I didn't ask before, you guys kinda dropped this on me really suddenly, but am I allowed to place hexes around here or will it be only wards?"

"Wards only," Griselda said, but at least she didn't sound nor look offended or disgusted by the suggestion. If anything, she sounded like she regretted having to say that, which was interesting and something Joshua noted for himself. "The situation is shaky at best now, even with the people on our own side. The angels and those of us that are fully on their side would like not to shake the boat much more than it's already been."

"That makes sense," he mumbled, and it really did. However, that meant that his options would be limited. Sure, both wards and hexes worked well enough separately, but they worked even better when they were put together. There were things that they did better than the other, which meant that one could get much better effects if they took advantage of that. It was unfortunate, but he'd expected that restriction when he'd gone there. He'd just wanted to confirm that. "Anything I should know about this?" he asked.

"Making defenses that can differentiate who is on our side and who isn't is a complicated matter," Griselda answered slowly, taking a moment to consider what to say after that. "Especially since some of them are not actually that different from us. People who have been… misguided."

"That makes sense. You have any ideas of how to deal with that?" he asked, his mind already running through possibilities. Many of which, he was pretty sure the church and the angels would veto. "I'd like to know before I propose anything of my own. Especially since some of my ideas… Well, they aren't as church friendly, let alone angel friendly."

"We are working on it," Griselda said, drawing his attention towards her more fully. "You know the circle that signals the location of the user for Khaos Brigade to teleport?" she asked, making him blink. "We are thinking of making something like that. Something to signal to us who is on our side and who isn't."

"That's gonna be hard to accomplish, I imagine," Joshua replied, thoughtful. "You need to make it so that nobody but who you want to have it will get one. No way for it to be passed around, no way for it to be copied and so on," he mumbled, wondering how hard that would be.

"We are aware," Griselda nodded. "For the moment, we want you to build wards around some of our bases that will, hopefully, stop people with less than noble intentions towards our side. I know it's a complicated matter, probably a more complicated goal to accomplish than what we are attempting, but it doesn't have to be perfect. It's a temporary measure until our own efforts are ready to be applied."

"Hm, I can do that, I think. I need to check with you guys how… Invasive you want my wards to be," he told her, absently going over his options still. He could probably do something similar to how he read people with Magic Sense and Life Sense to pick up lies and such, tweak it into picking on intentions and certain attitudes or such. That was a possibility and something that could be approached from several sides and in several ways.

"And I'm here to give you the information that you'll need to tailor your wards," Griselda told him, finally leading him into a room with a big round table in the middle. On top of it were blueprints and files and books. Idly, he looked at the formers to check if there was anything that would make his job more difficult or, unlikely but possible, easier. "I'm sure you understand why you have to come here to get this information instead of it being sent to you."

"Yeah, that'll be troublesome if I have to make the trip here every time to work on this but I get it," Joshua nodded. After all, these were important bases he was gonna ward, so the information regarding them needed to stay secret. Speaking of information, as they talked, Joshua found a book that was supposed to detail what kind of defenses were already set around the place. Now that would probably be the most useful part of all the information he was given. After all, he didn't want to set up a spell that would interfere with any of that. Neither did he want his wards to be canceled by another thing accidentally.

"If there's anything else you need, just say the word, Joshua," Griselda told him, but he was only half listening. There were some impressive things on the defenses of the base, including, but certainly not limited to, wards. One thing in particular got his attention quite powerfully.

"You said you guys would owe me if I did this, right?" he asked, eyes fixed on what he'd found. The more he read about it, the more interested he was. He heard something affirmative be said, but he was barely paying enough attention to notice. "You think it's enough for you guys to provide me with books on these… Boons?" he asked.

Because those things looked to be stuff right up his alley. They were exactly like wards and hexes, from what he could see. Or, maybe it was better to say that they were similar to wards and the opposite of hexes. From what he was seeing, while hexes were strictly aggressive and damaging, boons seemed to be exclusively soothing and helpful. 'Interesting, very interesting,' he mused as he continued reading on it like the text would disappear in front of him.

"I'll have to check, but it should be doable," Griselda said and he turned to stare intently at her. His gaze seemed to catch her off guard, if her slightly widened eyes were any indication. She even seemed to be a little embarrassed about not having a straight answer to give him, blushing the smallest bit. "I'm sorry, but I'm unlikely to have answers myself. I'm not… really the most qualified person for this, but I'm the one that's…" she trailed off after that, but Joshua could guess.

"The most qualified to deal with me?" he finished, a corner of his mouth pulling up. "I guess that makes sense. I imagine I don't have many fans in your faction, all things considered," he added, turning to continue reading, if not really focusing on it. "What with being allied with the devils and the fallen to some extent."

To that, Griselda grimaced.

"That's some of it, yes, as… Xenovia showed," the woman told him, and that last part looked as it actually pained her to admit. "And it also doesn't help your case that… Well, some people are blaming you for the current state of affairs. From our joint ventures with those factions and the youkai, to the angels turning a blind eye to a Satan's presence close to our territory."

She was talking about the attack on Phil's house, he realized. Feeling like someone was grabbing and squeezing his heart, Joshua brought a hand up to thumb his locket. Yeah, he guessed Serafall's arrival there wasn't good for the political scene of the Church and Heaven. However, he had to wonder what was going on there. Why was it such a big deal when in canon they'd signed peace without a Civil War? Was it some change he'd made that had spiraled out of control really fucking terribly? Or was it some other alternative universe thing?

"I guess I should do this for free then and keep the Boon Magic in mind for next time," he mumbled with a grimace, simply continuing looking through everything he was provided. Maybe he could get info on those from some other source. Surely Agnes could help with that, right? The Director of House of Water didn't seem to be very confident in getting information about Hexennacht, so maybe-

"Nothing of the sort," Griselda told him, interrupting his train of thought and making him turn towards her with slightly widened eyes. "Things were tense before your involvement. There were many incidents that had nothing to do with you either, Joshua. It's difficult to admit, but before you came about, there were more problems, even if a Civil War is a lot more drastic in comparison. The Church was… It wasn't in a good place before Heaven started getting involved again."

"I… guess…" Joshua mumbled, unsure of what else to say. How was he supposed to react to that? Was he supposed to answer in some way? The empty smile Griselda sent his way didn't give him any clues, quite honestly.

"I'm just telling you so you won't feel guilty," the woman continued, sighing and then taking a seat on one side of the table and waving for him to do the same, which he did. "There's a reason Xenovia was… as extreme as she was, it wasn't just me failing to raise her well… Or so I tell myself, at least."

"If it makes you feel any better, I don't think it's your fault either," Joshua said, turning to look at the files once more. He wasn't sure it was his place to comment or not, but… "You don't strike me as the kind of person that would raise someone as… extreme as Xenovia seemed to be," he said, deciding to use the same descriptor the woman herself had used.

"Thank you. I appreciate those words, Joshua," she told him, to which he nodded and continued reading. Regardless of if Griselda or anyone else thought it was his fault or not that the woman's faction was at war with itself… He felt responsible for that and if nobody would hold him accountable for it, he would do it himself. Thus, he could do his best to make up for that and place wards so good that even he would decide it was enough.

Besides, if there was Khaos Brigade corruption causing this mess too, then that was all the motivation he needed.

[}-o-{]​

"Hmmm…" Kunou hummed exaggeratedly. Or, at least, Joshua thought she was exaggerating. However, the girl looked to be entirely serious, considering her expression and the intensity of her stare. That was… a little surprising, he'd admit.

"So, what's the verdict?" he asked, raising his eyebrows as he looked back to the full length mirror on the wall to his side. There he was, trying out the clothes Kunou and Yasaka had picked together, which was a little funny because they were basically the same things he usually wore.

Sneakers, jeans that in this case were black, a plain white shirt and… Well, the last item was a plaid shirt over the other one and left open, which was the only thing that was sort of new for him to put on. He was reasonably sure that it was all Kunou's choosing, really, and Yasaka had just made sure the girl didn't pick anything silly or such. That was his guess, at least.

"I like it," Kunou declared with a firm nod as if she were deciding on some super important matter. It was very amusing, which made Joshua share a smile with Yasaka before the woman giggled behind her hand. "We are getting more of those," their daughter said firmly, in a tone that brooked no arguments.

"Sure thing, Kunou," he agreed easily, because really, it wasn't uncomfortable or anything. Besides, she could have gone for something much more troublesome that he might not have wanted to wear. He'd much rather those shirts, quite honestly.

With a slight grin, he thumbed the locket over his chest as he saw Kunou move around the store again, looking for more shirts.

"You don't have to indulge her," Yasaka told him, to which he rolled his eyes.

"It's fine," he assured her, waving off her concern. "I sort of like it, I think. It's definitely new, and not the bad kind. Certainly better than some other things she could have gone for," he commented with a grin. "I'm paying for all these, by the way," he added, drawing slightly narrowed eyes from the woman.

"No, you are-" she started protesting but he was already moving to follow Kunou. It was just to make sure she wouldn't get lost or in trouble, just that. Nothing else at all, no sir. "Come back here, mister," Yasaka called from behind him.

"Your daughter is adorable," a woman told him once he reached Kunou and the girl showed him another plaid shirt but with a different color.

"I know, right?" Joshua answered with a grin, planting his hand on top of the girl's head and ruffling her hair. "Cutest thing in the world."

"Dad!" the girl whined, trying and failing to get his hand off her head. When she realized the futility of her efforts, she put her hands down and pouted at him. The only thing he replied with was a wider grin.

"Now, how about we get a few more shirts and go for ice cream, yeah? Before your mother tries to convince me she can pay for the stuff," he said, instantly making the girl's expression shift to a beaming one.

"Sure!" she exclaimed, quickly picking a few shirts and then grabbing his hand to pull him away. Behind him, he heard the woman giggling. As they reached the counter, Yasaka cleared her throat, which he dutifully ignored and paid for the clothes. As he finished that, he turned and gave the woman an unrepentant smile while Kunou snickered, hiding behind him as if that would stop her mother from knowing she was doing so.

"I will be paying for the ice cream," she declared.

"Sure you will," Joshua replied with a nod, drawing a narrow-eyed gaze from Yasaka once more. To that, he smiled innocently at her. Behind him, Kunou started laughing.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua looked outside the window on the upper floor of his house. There, in the backyard, was the rest of his little family, or most of it, at least. Jeanne and his familiars were doing another round of practice while Asia worked diligently on her beloved plants. Normally, he'd have been there with them, but he was working on something pretty important that couldn't wait.

He took a moment to marvel on how well the nun was doing, however. She was still pretty shy and a little too willing to help anyone with anything. She was making progress little by little though, and the important part was that she was happier now, which was all Joshua cared about. That girl certainly deserved better than the lot she had been given in life.

'Ok, that's enough distraction,' he told himself, looking back inside and at his work.

The Phoenix Spell had gone through a lot of stages since he first started. He'd studied and re-studied countless times the Phenex Tears that Serafall brought with her whenever she came by, making wards and hexes in great quantities just to acquire as much data as he could. He'd studied other forms of healing, from Healing Magic to Twilight Healing and even Recovery Magic. He'd studied healing ingredients and plants and creatures, from books and sometimes even in person whenever Yasaka or Serafall could get their hands on one.

Hell, he had even delved into other branches that had nothing to do with healing to look for stuff.

Joshua had modified and tinkered with Healing Magic circles so much, and now adding what he'd managed to get from George regarding Recovery Magic circles… He was pretty sure he was turning that spell into something that was no longer from any of those two branches, or even from any other. He wasn't sure if it was a branch of its own, but it was certainly not what he'd started or worked with. There was more stuff that was different than stuff that remained the same, if it could even be considered "the same" at all.

And now, he looked down at the circle he'd managed to put together with all that work.

It was a prototype at best. At worst, and looking at it more realistically, it was the prototype of a prototype of a prototype. There were flaws in it that he was very aware of but he couldn't fix just yet because if he tried, the whole thing fell apart. They were flaws, for sure, but they were necessary ones for the thing to work.

The biggest of which was the drain in energy. The thing was designed to suck the energy out of whoever it was targeting and use it to heal them. If his math was right, and he was pretty sure he was right, then that drain would be very fucking drastic.

Another problem was that it needed a hell of a lot of finetuning. This particular circle had been tailored for Joshua himself and it wouldn't work on anyone else. Likely, it'd fail spectacularly if used on someone other than him, really.

A third problem was that he was pretty sure it was a one time use thing and it'd completely obliterate the wardstone used as a foci for it. The energies used were just too wild and strong for the poor things to survive a single use. At least, that's what Joshua expected would happen, and he knew a thing or two about wardstones, if he did say so himself.

There were also a million other little – and not so little – issues. He'd have to work through them with time, look for a way to fix them without the spell falling apart. It'd probably take a lot of time and a lot of work, but… But that was for the future.

At the moment, Joshua wanted to test the damn thing. He had worked and worked and worked on the fucking thing and he was so goddamn tired of it. He'd researched, studied and worked on the spell for what felt like forever. He was tired of it, he wanted to use it, even if it was faulty and it barely held itself together with duct tape.

He needed to use it, because every day he worked on it, he didn't feel like he was making progress anymore. It was always more of the same thing and he was growing weary of it all. He needed to know he was making some kind of progress or he'd go mad. He needed to know that he hadn't been wasting his time for so long, he needed to know that the goal was achievable sometime soon.

He didn't remember the exact date for the Phenex to push things forward faster but considering a few clues that were around… Well, he didn't have that much time. So… he needed to know if he could make it. Otherwise, he'd have to take some other approach. There were some paths, like contracting with Rias and helping her much more directly and thoroughly. He didn't like those paths, of course, which was why he was doing what he was doing, but… If things didn't work, he'd have to choose from one of those options. He liked even less the idea of leaving Rias to Riser, after all.

So, there he sat, with notes and books pushed to the side, a circle in front of him and wardstone in his hand. Taking a deep breath in, he placed the gem in the middle of the spell array and looked at it for a long moment, as if the thing would tell him something he didn't already know. When nothing happened, he activated the spell, the circle shining brightly for a moment before going dormant once more, like all his wards.

'Now… the last step,' he mused with a grin as he placed a Shield Ward to protect himself and his things when the wardstone blew up… if it did, he wasn't sure if that would happen or if the thing would just crumble away. Either was very likely, really.

'And so, we test it,' Joshua thought, picking up a knife from his side and moving it towards his other arm. After a second, he made a cut that would not be considered small by anyone.

The effect was immediate. The wound lit up instantly. Little flames appeared right there, even though he felt no heat whatsoever and then… The whole thing lasted barely a second, before the fire disappeared and the light dimed. Idly, he was aware that the wardstone had indeed blown up and sent little shards everywhere that were stopped by his Shield Ward. He could have cared less for how he felt like he was just about to be hit with another bout of Magical Exhaustion, even though his reserves had been almost full before the ward did its thing. His attention wasn't on that, however.

No, Joshua's attention was on his perfectly healed arm.

A wound like that would have taken a while with a Healing spell, or with Asia's Sacred Gear, or with any other method he knew off. This one went away in no time at all… Which was exactly what he was trying to achieve.

Slowly, a grin formed on his face.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well… The main thing I wanted to talk about here is that I know we've been stuck forever in the Phoenix Spell thing, but that's on purpose. It's supposed to be a very long and very time consuming endeavor. It's supposed to be a huge thing, and I didn't want to do it even remotely in a way that felt forced or quick. An argument could be made that it still took too long, but I don't think so. If anything, it's still going too quickly, I feel.

Remember, devil bloodlines are a big deal.

We've also taken a peek into the Civil War situation, even if from very much outside of where the action is going on. After all, Joshua has no business being there at all. He's not part of the Church or Heaven. He's an outside force, even if he's tangentially involved in this conflict. Not sure how much we'll see of this, to be honest, but the story will tell as it goes on, I guess.

Random Question: We have a lot of plotlines going on right now, don't we? Which is the one that interests you the most?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 239 others
Adrian King
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 89 - -Fanning the Flames New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#359
-Fanning the Flames

"... You're already doing great, it seems," Joshua commented, looking over the circle that had been modified by one of his students. More specifically, the woman that had only recently joined his class. From what he was gathering by looking at the original thing on another piece of paper, she'd done a relatively good job.

That was mostly how he dealt with it when it came to branches he didn't practice or even have experience with. He'd look at the original, with a simple explanation from the student as to what it was supposed to do and then compare it with the modified one and the changes made. From the experiments his class and Joshua had gone through, he was good enough at reading information from circles to know if it was done alright or not.

He couldn't really learn magic like that, nor could he understand the entirety of the circles, but he could get a good enough read of it to know if a modification was done well. It was a matter of watching the flow of the circle's composition and see if the changes made kept it or not. Explaining how his check ups worked was difficult even for him to do to himself, really, so it was fortunate that nobody ever really asked him to do so to them.

"Thank you, Professor Davis," the woman said, smiling slightly as she bowed to him. He'd have waved her off, but he'd learned already that it was a lost cause with any and all students he might have had. Even with his star students as some called them, he'd had little success at doing without the formalities.

"You've been taught well, it seems, and not just by me," Joshua commented, giving the circle another passing glance. Somehow, those words seemed to take the woman off guard. "Can I ask who helped the most?"

"Well, Meredith, Karin and George were great, truly," she answered, which was more or less expected. They were his best students and, more importantly, they had good personalities too. "However, I'd have to say that Levi has been the one to help the most."

His confusion must have shown there, because the woman took on a more uncomfortable look. Her eyes darted to the side for a bit, which he followed. None of the people there were anyone that had ever made him think they might be better than average at spell modification, really.

"Levi isn't… the best at magic, in general," the woman told him then, bringing his attention back to her. "He's good with theory, however, and that's what I needed. He had very good notes on all your classes and they and his explanations helped a lot."

"Is that so?" he mumbled, blinking as he processed that new information. "Can you point him out to me?" he asked, to which the woman smiled wrily.

"The one with a small mountain of books and notes with him," she answered, making him look away again. Many students had books and such with them, but there was, indeed, one that had a considerably bigger ammount of them with him. As Joshua looked at him, he wondered if that was how he looked to other people while he worked on his things.

"That's good to know," he mumbled, resolving to keep an eye on the guy. If he could help a student get better this fast, then surely there was something going on there, right? Joshua was definitely curious after hearing that. "For now though," he said, turning to give the woman all his attention once more. "What's your name?" he asked, and if he had been paying closer attention, he might have noticed that the classroom went just the smallest bit more silent after that.

As it was, he was more focused on this student that seemingly had caught up with the rest of his class with only a fraction of the time spent in the class.

"Dion Fortune, Professor Davis," the woman answered, her back straightening a little bit, to which he nodded.

"Well, Miss Fortune," he said, barely keeping a grin from forming on his face. That was certainly a name to have, he supposed. "I hope you continue doing well in my class. If you've made it this far so quickly, I'll be expecting good things from you."

"And I'll strive to meet those expectations, Professor Davis," she replied instantly, sitting even straighter than before, if that was possible. It was a bit amusing to see, if Joshua was honest, but for the moment, he had other things to worry about. Like the presence outside of his classroom.

From where she rested on top of his desk, Cheshire meowed, making the classroom go completely silent. Every student turned to look between him and his familiar. He didn't say anything for a long moment though, before sighing and running a hand through his hair.

"Everyone," he started, his shoulders dropping a little. "We are taking a break. Leave the classroom and follow the House of Water members to wherever you can spend some time without bothering the association, ok? I trust nobody will do anything stupid…" he told them, trailing off at the end while he let his eyes drift over the classroom. Noticing that they were appropriately cowed, he nodded. "If you have stuff to do, feel free to leave. If not, Cheshire will look for you once the class is about to start again, ok?"

"Yes, Professor Davis," the students chorused and started making their way outside the room. Once the place was empty, Joshua looked at his familiar, who gave him a meow. Reading through the feelings he got from their bond, he sighed.

"You didn't need to empty your classroom for little old me, Professor Davis," someone said from the door.

"Elizabeth," he greeted, giving the woman his full attention. "I've been waiting for you, actually."

[}-o-{]​

[Elizabeth Báthory]

She smiled wryly at the man.

After having to re-evaluate the man several times, it seemed that she was still far from understanding him. That last statement certainly seemed to prove that, if nothing else. Because what could the man possibly want from her?

"Is that so? Now, that's a surprise," she replied as calmly as she could. There were wards set up around the classroom that were nothing like those around that one base of House of Water. No, those were Davis's and it showed. "What could I possibly do for you, Professor Davis?"

"Hm, there's time to go over that," the man said absently as he leaned against one of the desks in the room and looked at her. His face showed little, but Elizabeth could pick up curiosity and interest, but she couldn't begin to guess what for. "For now, there's a reason you came to this classroom back then and that likely hasn't changed since then until now… I want to know, what could you possibly want from me? Because let me tell you, if you want to hire me for wards, there is no need for so much beating around the bush."

"If only it were so simple, Professor Davis, if only," she replied, wondering how to best play her cards at the moment. She didn't want to ruin her chances of success, but the man seemed intent on pushing her to make a play already. "No, what I want is something else. I never told you who I am, did I? Agnes might, however, I imagine."

"She didn't," Davis told her, tilting his head. "I never asked and we didn't talk much about you, in all honesty."

"That's… surprising," she admitted, because it truly was. She'd had expected the Director to have thrown her to the wolves long ago, especially in regards to Davis. Or, at the very least, have told the man something to keep him away from her. "I am Elizabeth Báthory."

"Hm, I see," he replied, looking unsurprised. Something must have shown on her face at that, because he continued speaking then, explaining. "I've realized that names matter a lot in the supernatural. Sometimes, they don't, but more often than not, if someone's remarkable then… Their names tend to be important. So, I looked into your name, even if I only had the first one to go off of."

"Indeed," Elizabeth said, internally pleased by the acknowledgement that she was, indeed, remarkable. "And do you know anything more about me and my… ancestors?"

"I know some things, not much good to find there, admittedly," the man answered, although his unconcerned tone gave Elizabeth hope that, maybe, he wouldn't turn away from her immediately. "There's very wrong things to feel from you, your life energy is twisted and so are your intentions," he added then, making her tense up. "However, I don't feel outright malicious intent from you, and my familiar is vouching for you, which means a lot."

The mention of the animal seemed to spur the creature into action. The cat, who had been on top of the teacher's desk, jumped off of it and transformed into a white tiger that walked calmly up to its master. There, the beast looked at Elizabeth with its amber eyes, as if trying to see into her very soul.

"I can't help but note that… you didn't answer my question, Báthory," Davis told her, giving her a look as if he couldn't decide if to be annoyed by that fact or not. "So, get on with it, before I let what I heard dictate how I view you."

"... Very well," Elizabeth said, taking a deep breath in. Maybe she'd looked down on Davis back when she'd first learned of him. However, she'd become a lot better informed as time went on. "A battle against death is what has defined my family, myself included. We've done just about everything we've been able to in order to stay in the world of the living as long as we can. No Bathory has managed to even lengthen their lives much, despite that being entirely possible. We think we might be cursed to failure, or maybe fate has decided that we shall strive for it and never succeed."

"And you think I can help you in this… endeavor?" Davis asked, raising an eyebrow.

"I think you might be able to help me obtain access to one of the methods my ancestors never managed to get their hands on, yes," Elizabeth answered, feeling dread starting to form in her. Before, she'd thought that it'd be easy. Now, she knew that obtaining something from Davis not only wouldn't be easy, but it was also a much bigger deal than she'd first guessed.

"And what would that be?" Elizabeth counted herself lucky that the man seemed to at least want to listen to her, at least want to give her a chance. That was more than she thought she would get, after having learned more about him.

"Senjutsu," she answered, to which he tilted his head.

"Okay," he replied after a moment, his face giving away absolutely nothing. It was frustrating and nerve wracking for Elizabeth to have to wait for a more… thorough answer, but she did her best to do so patiently and not express any of her concerns. "Yes, I think I can try to give you that. Ask some people, put a good word out there and all that," Davis said, as if it were no big deal. "However, I'd probably be more successful if you did some things, you know, earn yourself some goodwill."

Of course. She'd already known she wouldn't get anything for free. She was prepared for that, and she'd do a lot for what she was asking for. Now, it was only a matter if Davis wanted something possible to begin with.

"What did you have in mind, Professor Davis?" she asked.

"First of all, call me Joshua," he told her with a half-smile that didn't bode well for someone. Whoever it was that had earned Davis's attention, and not in the good way, was very much out of luck. Elizabeth could only hope none of… that was directed at her. "Second of all, well, I've asked Agnes for help with this, but maybe you are more… well connected to help with this."

Before, she'd been interested, very much so.

Now, Elizabeth was curious.

"I want information about Hexennacht."

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"You have a lot of fun with these things, huh?" he asked, looking around at the garden that had become Asia's territory. If the girl wasn't in classes with him, learning English and Japanese or maybe some other things, then she was at the house tending to her plants. Joshua's knowledge of the original series was spotty at best, especially after so long and having witnessed many changes, but he was pretty sure the girl hadn't had such interests in canon… Although he might be wrong about that, as stated. "I guess I should be thankful for that, considering I stand to benefit from it."

"I do," the girl mumbled shyly, smiling bashfully as she continued working on her plants. He'd have offered to help her, but he was waiting for a meeting that he'd been told about and he really shouldn't go there while covered in dirt, he was pretty sure. A shame, just from looking at Asia doing her thing, it made him think it must be quite relaxing. "And I'm the one that should thank you for letting me do this."

"Asia, this literally costs me nothing. On top of that, you are helping me get ingredients for my hexes without as much trouble," Joshua told the girl, slightly disbelieving. "There's absolutely no reason for you to thank me at all."

"But, this is your house," the girl mumbled, resolutely not looking at him. "Besides, you are the one that allowed me to do this and the one that helped me set it all up and-"

"Asia…" he interrupted softly with a sad smile. "You are allowed to do whatever you want. You are staying here and I'm responsible for you, but you are not my prisoner or anything."

"... Whatever I want?" the girl asked him hesitantly and he noticed that she had actually stopped working. Asia was, at that moment, only faking to be doing so. "You mean that?"

"I mean, within reason, but I doubt you are even capable of asking anything bad or outrageous, even as a joke," he told her reassuringly, idly looking at the plants around them. "So, it seems you had something in mind. Care to share?"

"... I… I wanted to go to school, like a normal girl," she commented, as if she weren't a normal girl. Which she wasn't, but certainly not in the way that wording would imply, at least in Joshua's opinion. Joshua had to work to not show how much he hated her thinking going to school was for people more normal than her.

Turning slightly, he looked at Jeanne, with Morag hanging latching onto her back. The expression on his sister's face told him that she was of the same mind as him in this regard, much like how his familiar's feelings through the bond did. He also knew what he had to do too and hopefully it wouldn't be too hard.

"I'll see about getting you to a normal school," he decided easily, even if it likely wouldn't be that simple. "Your Japanese is coming along pretty well, so I think you can go somewhere close to here. On top of that… Well, I have some contacts I can talk to," he added with a slight grin as Jeanne snorted. "Before all that, I'll have to talk with the angels and the Church but… It should be fine, just leave it to me," he told her.

Things were a little complicated with the Civil War going on, but if they trusted him with Asia and all that… Well, surely they didn't expect him to keep her trapped inside his house and at Yasaka's place. During his next visit, he'd just have to talk about it with Griselda and when – if, but whatever – he got permission, then talk with Sona and Rias.

"Truly?" Asia asked, looking up at him as if he'd just told her that God himself was coming for a visit. "You would… do that for me?"

"... Of course," he replied, deciding against trying to reassure her that it was nothing. At least this time there'd actually be work from his part involved. 'Baby steps, right?' he mused before sighing as he felt a presence approaching the front door. "Well, I have to go. Don't overwork yourself again, okay, Asia?" he asked, making the girl blush in embarrassment.

"I won't," she mumbled.

"Keep an eye on her, yeah?" he told Jeanne as he moved back to the house.

"Sure."

"I said I wouldn't!" the nun protested from behind him.

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

Azazel was throwing them under the bus.

It was… A bitter realization, but not an unexpected one. In the state things seemed to be in, both from what Raynare knew beforehand and what she'd learned after that fiasco of a mission, it was the smart choice to make. There was just no way a leader would risk even thinking about trying to save them.

It wasn't their fault, at least not in Raynare's and Mittelt's cases. Kalawarna could go die in a ditch, for all she cared. Unfortunately, there was no saving them. They'd been there, attacking a person of actual importance contrary to what they'd been told. They hadn't learned all that much besides that, but if the Satan Leviathan had left one thing clear it was that attacking Joshua Davis was a mistake.

Considering the man was sitting there, at the same table as Serafall, Yasaka, Gabriel and Azazel… Well, it was safe to say that, yes, the man was certainly important. On top of that, he'd been able to stop Kokabiel's attacks to boot, so… 'Who the fuck is this human?' Raynare had to wonder as she witnessed the talks going on around them.

She'd noticed long ago that the leaders weren't actually talking about them though. There'd been some token mentions, but the three of them were there as an excuse for the meeting. The four leaders were talking about Khaos Brigade and some other things, none of which had really anything to do with them… Except maybe Kalawarna but even then her traitorous fellow fallen angel wasn't really involved or had much to do with the conversation.

It had reached a point where the three of them were outright taken out of the conversation, with spells being used so they wouldn't hear. Raynare knew for sure, at that point, that they weren't even important enough to warrant such a meeting. They had just been a convenient reason to start the thing, maybe so that the less agreeable members of each faction wouldn't cause too much trouble.

"Joshua Davis," Mittelt said, her voice cutting through all other conversation going on inside the room, even when she'd spoken very softly, somewhere in between whispering and speaking. The woman seemed unconcerned by the looks she was given by the faction leaders around the table. Instead, she was staring straight into the human's eyes.

A human that had little to say in the meeting, it seemed, even though he seemed to be the cause of it all, really.

"Yes?" he replied, tilting his head and giving the blond fallen a curious look.

"You'll look for revenge," Mittelt said, a statement instead of a question. "I know you will."

"I will," the man admitted easily. "If I have any say in the matter, Khaos Brigade and Kokabiel will pay," the man told them, and Raynare almost couldn't believe her ears. Surely he didn't think that was the truth, right? Sure, he'd stopped an attack of Kokabiel's but that was still pretty far from actually enacting revenge on him.

"I see…" Mittelt said, visibly taking a deep breath in. "I want in."

Raynere blinked at that, feeling the weight of the silence that followed.

"She means that," Yasaka, the youkai leader, said then. As for the human that was benign addressed, he simply hummed something, as if he'd already known. "It's still a bad idea, Joshua."

"It is," he agreed, but then Raynare saw a shift in his eyes as he looked at Mittelt. "And yet… I might take her up on that, how crazy is that?"

"Very much so," Azazel commented, looking both amused and surprised. "And that's coming from me."

"Joshua, need I remind you that they tried to kill you and your family?" Satan Leviathan said, looking every bit as disbelieving as she sounded. It was fair, even if Raynare and Mittelt had already told them all they could, to make them realize that they'd only been following orders. "Why would you even consider taking her up on that?"

"I'm not considering taking her up on that," Davis said then, and Mittelt deflated. Fool, she should have realized that there was no way for her to have such an easy out. They were going to die, and Raynare's only source of relief was to know that Kokabiel, the bastard, was unlikely to survive whatever mess Khaos Brigade would cause. Not with people like the ones in the room with her coming after him… Human included, she supposed, but only reluctantly. "I'm considering taking them all in."

Raynare's eyes widened while Mittelt perked up. As for Kalawarna, her jaw fell wide open. The faction leaders around the table were not faring much better, in all honesty.

"Them a- All three of them?" Leviathan asked the man, as if he'd lost his mind. All things considered, that was a very fair concern. "Just… why?"

"Because they were betrayed and they want revenge," Davis said, grinning widely in a way that sent a cold shiver down Raynare's spine. There was something nasty cooking in the man's mind, and she could only hope none of it was directed at her. "I know they do, and I can give that to them. Hell, if I have a say in the matter, by the time I'm done with them, they'll be the ones to put an end to Kokabiel," the man added then, his smile widening even more.

She… She had to have heard that wrong, right? No way the man had said that. To have them defeat a Cadre… Yes, Davis had lost his mind after the attack for some reason, that was the only explanation.

"Wh-Joshua, one of them was an active member of Khaos Brigade," Leviathan argued.

"Yes," the human agreed, suddenly seeming to calm down slightly. That is, until his grin returned a second later. "I'm aware… She's the one that convinced me to do this, after all."

"... Joshua, an explanation would be nice," the youkai leader said, clearly understanding as much as everyone else save the human himself. Although, there was a very amused grin on Lord Azazel's face that wasn't reassuring Raynare much. "You aren't making much sense."

"Oh, don't worry. I'm not crazy or anything," Davis said, waving his hand at the faction leaders. His blue eyes, however, never moved away from Mittelt, Kalawarna and Raynare herself. It was growing more and more unnerving to be under that look. "Oh no, I'm perfectly fine," he added, chuckling to himself. "Tell me, you two, how would you like to be the ones to kick Kokabiel's ass?"

"... I'd love to," Raynare said, joining the conversation for the first time. "But that's never gonna happen," she added with a self-deprecating smile.

"That's what you think," Davis replied, waving off her words. "We'll see how things look like when I'm done with you two."

"And the third one?" Satan Leviathan asked, and there was a hint of trepidation there that took Raynare off guard.

"Oh, I'll need her more than anything. She's the important one in his idea," Davis answered and Raynare tensed up as killing intent washed over her and the other two lower level fallen. She saw Kalawarna's expression pale dramatically, which… 'Serves her right,' Raynare thought vindictively.

"Do tell," Lord Azazel urged.

"I have many ideas and it'll be nice to have her around," Davis said simply before speaking again. "I need a test subject for those ideas, after all."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I'm pretty sure that people will be against the last part of this chapter. However, I ask those people to give me a bit of a chance to prove that this isn't gonna be what you think or as bad as you think… Not that I'm reading your mind, guys, but I have a guess as to what it's going on in your heads. I could be wrong. Still, if I'm right then I think if you've reached this far into the story, I should get at least the benefit of the doubt.

Other than that, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: Do you read/like any of my other stories? Which ones?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 237 others
Adrian King
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 90 - We Couldn’t See It, but We Created New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#362
We Couldn't See It, but We Created

Light spears were shot towards him, but Joshua needed only to raise his hand to block them with Neutral Shields, and sometimes not even that. If he was in the middle of motions or just didn't feel like it, he'd use the Blessing of Set and just let the attacks pass through the parts of his body that turned into sand. The two Fallen fighting with him had already realized that they needed to attack his whole body for their efforts to be productive…

However, that was easier said than done. This was especially so under his Weighting and Weakening Wards that made their attacks a lot less than what they would normally be. They could try though, but those were definitely stopped by shields, if he couldn't outright dodge them. Joshua didn't want to be too dependent on dodging though.

His stats didn't really lend themselves to such tactics, so he didn't want to get used to dodging when it was likely that he'd be too slow to do so more often than not. It was better to, instead, develop the habit and reflex to put a shield in between him and attacks, if not outright turning into sand. He thought that was the way to go for him, at least.

Evidently, Mittelt disagreed with that approach, demonstrated when Joshua threw one of his regular holy daggers at her. The Fallen batted her wings and moved aside, dodging that weapon and the ones that followed it. As for Raynare, she seemed to think evading was beneath her or something, because she threw light shields up whenever he made an attempt at attacking her.

All in all, Joshua wasn't trying very hard though. He was mostly making sure that his defense was good. After all, if he could keep himself alive, then he could wait until his Wards and Hexes chipped away at the strength of his enemies. Neither Setan Kober nor Carnwennan agreed with that approach, but there'd always be enemies too strong for Joshua to take on in direct combat. He'd humor the daggers as best he could, but his health was the first priority.

Both weapons reluctantly agreed with that, which was good. Joshua didn't want to have an argument with the things that were giving him a literal and metaphorical edge against enemies that were stronger than him, be it physically, magically or some other aspect. The daggers were, after all, a direct addition to his power level, as it were. Taking them away would be like taking away one of his magic branches or something like that.

Somewhere away from him, his familiars and Jeanne were participating in a free for all fight between themselves… Well, all but Margalo, since the poor bird still hadn't managed to make something more combat oriented. However, the little avian seemed to have grown fond of the support role her skills had thrown her in.

Joshua was convinced that it had to do with how her character in Serafall's show had been pretty important for just that. The Satan and some of the staff and actors for the show had commented on how cool it was that she could make strong fighters even stronger and so on. The bird hadn't been ready for that kind of attack, evidently, because she'd been both very embarrassed but also very proud.

'Guess the show had an unexpected but welcome side effect,' Joshua mused idly, feeling through the bond how determined but content the bird was. 'Hm, if I have time to get distracted, I obviously need to change things up,' he thought then, narrowing his eyes before he took his wards and upped their strength on him and the Fallen.

"What-?" Raynare started asking while Mittelt froze mid air. Joshua didn't let her finish though, throwing a dagger at her immediately, before forming a circle for a Neutral Shot off to her side. Knives started raining on the two of them, together with more magic attacks. However, that wasn't all.

From within his Storage Spell, he pulled out Setan Kober, who eagerly greeted him once his fingers wrapped around the handle. The dagger was more than ready for a battle, it seemed, and Joshua could almost see it, a mix between a growling dog foaming at the mouth and an enthusiastic little puppy bouncing around. It was a strange picture, to be sure, but that was the best he could come up with to describe it.

Faintly, he felt Carnwennan's disappointment, even through the Storage Spell that held it, but-

[Neutral Magic has gone up a level.]

-the poor legendary weapon would have to content itself with being used in the next spar. After all, it wasn't like Joshua could use both Setan Kober and Carnwennan and also have access to his other more regular daggers for throwing. At least, not without having an extra arm like the guy from Khaos Brigade he remembered… Maybe he could come up with a spell for that though, but…

Well, that was a thought for some other time.

As it was, he had to focus on the fight, because going up close and personal with a Fallen Angel was a little more dangerous than being at a distance. There was a lot more opportunity for mistakes and such things, after all. Besides, he was trying to up the level of the spar, so it wouldn't do to get distracted and such things.

That is, before the fight was over, which wasn't too far into the future. Especially when Setan Kober finally managed to scratch Raynare's thigh. It wasn't much of a wound, but it was the first of many, as the demonic energies of the weapon affected the Fallen more than one would think. Slowly, he chipped away at the woman's strength to the point that she was left on the ground with the legendary kris sticking out of her arm.

Pulling out Carnwennan to make up for things, he turned towards Mittelt, who was looking at him apprehensively.

"I don't suppose I can give up now, right?" the blond asked with a nervous smile.

"Yeah… No," he said, his expression flat. "Just because I've taken you in and because I'm giving you a chance… Don't think I like you," he told her then, taking slow steps towards her as he pondered what the best approach would be this time… Or better to say what approach of the several he had in mind to go with. If two Fallen hadn't been able to fight him off, neither would a single one. "Besides, this is for your own good. Adversity breeds excellence."

"I feel like you are just saying that to have an excuse," Mittelt pointed out, two light spear/swords appearing in her hands.

"Maybe a little," Joshua admitted with a grin. "I do have to make you pay for attacking my family, after all."

"Oh, fucking-" the woman started, before interrupting herself when he rushed at her. There'd be time for complaining and other talks later. At that moment, he had a goal and that was to train and get better. There were shitty people out there that he needed to hunt down, after all.

[}-o-{]​

[Kalawarna]

"Please, I can help you," Kalawarna pleaded, and Davis looked at her from where he sat. Both of them were seated on chairs, one in front of the other, except that the Fallen found herself cuffed to hers. "I didn't- What option did I have?" she asked desperately.

"Many," the human answered her, his expression flat as he looked at her. There was no amusement, no sadistic glee, no anger… There was nothing. He was looking at her like she was an insect on the floor by his feet. "But yet, you decided to do what you did. You decided to join the terrorist group that's been making my life difficult for quite a while."

"They wanted to recruit me!" she wailed at him, tears running down her cheeks as she tried to have the man spare her. He was supposed to be good, kind. He wasn't fitting the description she'd heard at all at that moment, however. "Do you know what they'd have done to me if I had said-?"

"Did you join against your will?" he asked, tilting his head but otherwise remaining the same as before. Seeing her chance despite that, Kalawarna grabbed at it with both hands.

"I did! I was afraid they'd do something to me!" she told him desperately. "I didn't want to, I swear!"

"Did you ever kill anyone for them? Did you want to?"

"I didn't!" she denied vehemently.

"You are lying," Davis said, and Kalawarna froze. What little blood remained in her face was quickly drained away. "You know, maybe I'd have given you a chance, if you weren't. That's basically what I did with Mittelt and Raynare. You think I'd take you, or them, and what you say at face value? Do you think I'm a fool?"

"I-I'm not-"

"Stop lying to me," the man interrupted her, his tone turning the smallest bit colder as he did. Then, he took a deep breath in and leaned back on his chair. "I have many ideas to test with you. Many of those projects that I put aside because there was no way I'd risk experimenting with them, putting myself or someone else in danger. I have no such concerns with you though."

"Please, I-I-You can't do this," Kalawarna said, her mind struggling to come up with something that would get her out of the predicament she was in. "I can do… I'll do whatever you want me to do, please. I'll sleep with you, I'll kill for you, I'll be your slave, anything you-"

"I don't care," the human told her coldly. "My family… I lost my family because of you. The very last piece of my family that I still had... And that's because of you and the thrice be damned Khaos Brigade. You do terrible things to anyone that gets in your way and some of those that don't. Why should I treat you any differently?"

"Please, I-"

"You can stop that, it won't change anything," Joshua told her with a smile that held no kindness in it. "I wonder when this world turned me from what I was to what I am now. Was it when I was in a similar position as you? Was it when I first met Khaos Brigade? Was it a slow process or was there a particular moment that changed things? I used to be a semi-normal guy, you know? And now… Now here I am."

"You can be that man still," Kalawarna tried this time, even more fear bleeding into her voice. Not that she was really trying not to let that happen. "You can-"

"I'm tired," Davis said, sighing and rubbing his eyes with a weary smile. "I'm tired of people thinking they can just come and do whatever they want. I thought they'd leave me alone eventually. If I continued pushing them back, they would go away… But they didn't, they just came at me harder than before… So… I'll just make sure they can't push anymore."

"Please," Kalawarna pleaded, struggling uselessly against her cuffs once more and feeling what little chances she had slipping away from her. Maybe it had just been a delusion, to think that she even had a chance to begin with. "Please, I don't… Please!"

"Congratulations," Davis said with a bitter smile. "You won. I'll sink down to your level."

"Please, no, nononono-"

"I'm gonna be nice," the man told her, interrupting her quickly panicking self. Her breathing was getting more and more erratic by the second, but she barely noticed. "And I'll let you choose what you'll go through. As I said, I have many ideas."

"Please."

"Project Summer, Project Winter, Project Spring and Project Fall," he listed for her. "I'll come back at some point, and you'll tell me which one you want to go through," he declared, standing up from his chair and moving away from her.

"Wait. Wait! What do those do? What do those mean? Wait, please!" Kalawarna screamed.

"See you later."

"Wait!"

But he didn't. Instead, Kalawarna just heard the sound of his steps up the stairs, like nails on her coffin. She screamed, struggling against the bindings that held her in place. However, it was all for naught and, at last, she heard the door clicking shut.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

His eyes remained fixed on the TV screen in front of him, hanging from the wall of his cafe. He was barely paying attention to what it showed though, using it more to keep his mind away from his own thoughts than anything else. Absently, he'd occasionally bring the beer bottle that he'd been nursing to his lips.

That is, until Issei walked on the other side of the table and took a seat there, sighing loudly as he opened a can that he'd brought for himself. Apparently, beer hadn't been for him… At least not yet, which was probably better that way. Joshua didn't want to be responsible for him becoming an alcoholic or something. Granted, that was unlikely to happen, he felt, but still.

"Something in your mind?" he asked the teenager, turning to face him better, even if he still kept an eye on the football match going on. "You seemed a little distracted today," he added, making the boy grimace as he took a sip from his drink.

"I'm sorry. I'll take that cake home with me…" Issei mumbled, making Joshua chuckle. He had made quite the abomination instead of a cake that day. Overall though, it wasn't much of a problem. The boy was proving to be a pretty good employee after he learned how stuff was done. Sure, he had his slip ups and mistakes, but overall, he was much better than Joshua had expected.

"Don't worry about it," he reassured the boy, tipping the bottle in his hand. "Is everything ok though?" he asked, giving Issei a look. He'd been distracted throughout the whole day, which had caused more than a few problems. Joshua wasn't too concerned with that, since all of them had been easily solved, but still…

"I just…" the boy started before groaning and grimacing. "I… Can I talk to you about something? I don't know who to talk to about this," he added then, making Joshua blink. 'So, Rias and Sona approached him already? Or maybe just one of them. I wonder how it went,' he mused as he straightened where he sat.

"Of course you can, Issei. I can't promise much, but you can definitely talk to me about anything you need help with… within reason," he told the boy, giving him a reassuring smile that turned a little mirthful at the end. He grinned even wider at the annoyed look on the teen. "I can't promise to have answers or good advice, but listening is something I can do."

"Thank you," Issei replied with a smile of his own, seemingly relieved with just hearing that. "I… God, this is embarrassing," he mumbled then, visibly gathering courage to speak. Joshua, for his part, blinked. 'Embarrassing?' "You… er, you remember this girl I told you about?"

"Yes?" he answered, blinking once again. Things… didn't seem to be going where he thought they would be. At least, he was fairly sure that the girl he was talking about wasn't Rias nor Sona… Was it Akeno or someone else from their peerages?

"Well, um, you see… Sheaskedmeoutonadate," Issei blurted out. Pausing for a second to process that, Joshua's eyes widened slightly. "I know, right? I can believe it either!" the boy exclaimed. Remaining silent for a moment, Joshua took a gulp from his beer.

"Ok… I don't think I'm drunk enough for this conversation," he muttered under his breath before sighing. "Well, at least I don't have to give you The Talk."

"Joshua!"

"Anyway," he continued, ignoring the boy's protest. "What's it you wanted to talk about, exactly?" he asked, suddenly a lot less sure about talking with Issei.

"I just… I'd like some advice," he mumbled, looking down at the table as he nursed his own drink. "I… I don't know what to do."

"I mean, it depends on you, buddy. Do you want to go on a date with this girl?" Joshua asked, still trying to shift his mind onto the unexpected topic instead of what he'd assumed before.

"I already told her yes," Issei whispered, not meeting Joshua's eyes as he spoke. "I just… What am I supposed to do? I don't know where I should take her or what I should do. How should I act? Should I act as I do normally or should I do something else?"

"Huh… Then… I mean… Issei, do I look like someone that goes on a lot of dates?" Joshua asked. It was now the boy's turn to blink at him instead.

"... Yes?"

Joshua sighed.

"For the record, I might know about as much as you do, buddy," he said, taking another gulp from his beer. "But I'll try and give you some advice anyway, yeah?" he continued then, getting an eager nod from Issei, regardless of his previous warning. "Acting as you normally do would be acting like you are her friend in a normal outing, not someone that's considering a relationship with her out on a date, does that make sense?"

"Yes?" the boy repeated, and Joshua nodded.

His bullshitting was going well so far, it seemed.

"So, I imagine it works something like this," he started then, leaning back on his chair as he considered his words as best he could. "You gotta put a little more effort into things, but not too much," he explained, drawing a confused expression from Issei. "You have to show her you are invested in things, but there's no need to act like a completely different person. No need to pretend to be someone else or anything like that. She wants to date you, so, be yourself and show her the best time you can manage."

"... I think I get it," the boy replied hesitantly. "But… What if things don't go well?"

"I mean, they'd have to go really badly for it to ruin things with your new friend, right?" Joshua asked him, giving him as encouraging a smile as he could manage. "Things might be a bit awkward for a bit if things don't work out but… It'd probably go away eventually, right?"

"I guess," Issei said, remaining silent for a long moment. "Well, that's better advice than dad's, at least."

"Do I want to know?"

"No… I don't think you do," he commented, chuckling nervously before turning to look at the TV. Joshua, however, stared at him for a long moment. Then, he turned too, but his eyes never really focused on the screen. Instead, he just kept a thoughtful expression.

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

"Joshua! Come on, just a little hint!" Kunou whined, making her smile softly at her daughter while she played with the man in question. Apparently, since Serafall wasn't going to spoil her own story, the girl had decided questioning her father was a better approach to know what was going to happen on the Satan's show. Except that Joshua still remained very much not budging on his stance that if Serafall didn't want to get the information out, he wouldn't tell. "Mom, Joshua is being mean!" Kunou decided to go with then.

To that, Yasaka simply raised an eyebrow to the girl, who then huffed and continued playing.

Joshua and Kunou seemed to have progressed enough with their card game project that they were now giving it some test runs. There were many changes being made, but it seemed that things were going well altogether. Yasaka was curious enough that she might give the game a try later down the line. The father-daughter duo were insistent that they wanted it to be better before allowing anyone else to play.

"She's so adorable~!" Serafall, sitting across from Yasaka, whined, much like Kunou had before. "It's not fair, Yasaka, not fair I tell you.

"I know, but what can you do?" she asked, giving Joshua a side-glance. She'd been worried ever since the attack on the man's family, but now, with what he'd done regarding the Fallen that were involved in that very attack, she was even more so. She'd noticed that he seemed to be more and more driven in his vendetta against Khaos Brigade.

Yasaka could only hope that the man wouldn't do something stupid.

"You are so lucky," the Satan mumbled, pouting at her. "I'll have some of that one day, you'll see."

"Why do you say that like it's a threat?" Yasaka asked her fellow faction leader. The look she got, however, gave her pause. Such a… not serious but acute expression seemed almost out of place on the usually playful woman. It was all that the youkai needed to know that the moment of jokes was… maybe not completely but mostly over.

It was all accentuated by the quick spell that Serafall cast then, drawing a side-eyed glance from Joshua before he focused back on the game.

"I like Joshua," the woman said then, drawing a wide-eyed expression from Yasaka. The information wasn't a surprise, the youkai leader had been well aware of that fact for a while already. What was a surprise was that Serafall was admitting it, and so directly and bluntly at that. Especially to her. "He's kind, patient, understanding and interesting… So I like him," Serafall said, almost absently, turning slightly to look at the man in question. The list came off sort of… dispassionately, but the look on the woman's eyes at that moment spoke more than any speech. "The more time I spend with him, the more I like him."

Yasaka would have liked to fool herself into thinking that she didn't know where the Satan was going with that. However, she was perfectly aware of that, which made her hand, holding a cup of tea, tighten its hold. Her eyes then moved to the side, to watch Kunou playing with Joshua.

"I know you know what I'm telling you," Serafall told her, and she had to hold back a grimace. "I know you feel the same," the woman said, more of a statement than a question.

"I do," Yasaka admitted, because it would have been an insult to everyone involved to say anything else. Nevermind the fact that nobody would have believed her… Except maybe Joshua himself. Even the servants knew where things stood, be it with Kunou or with Yasaka herself. They thought they were sneaky, but the leader had learned of those things pretty much instantly.

Was it any surprise that Yasaka had come to be… attracted to Joshua?

It hadn't been the case for quite some time, actually, regardless of what some of the servants thought. At the start of things, he'd just been a good man that had filled a role in her daughter's life that Kunou had always needed. He'd given Yasaka peace of mind in a matter that she'd long since worried about. On top of that, he'd made her life easier in several regards, be it knowingly or not.

It hadn't taken the man long to worm his way into her heart though. It was much more than just being a father figure to Kunou and doing so marvelously. No, there was a lot more to Joshua than that, Yasaka had quickly learned.

He was a breath of fresh air in the world she lived in. He was calm, peaceful, where most people seemed intent in seeking conflict at every turn. He was giving where most people would hoard every scrap of riches, knowledge or power they could get their hands on. He was considerate where most people seemed to care only for their own needs and wants.

Those, among many other things, were the aspects that Yasaka appreciated in Joshua. She was sure many of those were also likely to be the same things Serafall had taken note of, even if the woman had given an abridged version. There were likely different things in their lists too, but that was unimportant at that moment.

"So," Yasaka said, doing her best to keep her calm voice and expression, even if she was anything but on the inside. "You are making a move, finally?"

"I know why you were waiting. I was doing so for the same reason…" Serafall told her, but then she smiled softly. "But I can't wait anymore and I think it's been enough time. Maybe I'm being impatient but…"

She didn't need to finish, not really. She didn't even need to say anything at all, really. Yasaka appreciated the gesture nevertheless. She let out a breath, almost resigned, but not quite. No, she wouldn't be giving up quite like that, but she'd have some things to consider now that-

"I had a proposal for you, however," Serafall said and Yasaka narrowed her eyes. Expectedly, there was little to be read from the woman's expression or energies. Ultimately, she had to speak up.

"I'm listening," she replied, already having an inkling as to where things were going.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I'm not sure how well handled that last scene was on my part, but the rest of the chapter went about as well as I expected it would. Speaking of the last scene… Well, people might be happy with that, but I gotta be honest. I'm kind of thinking "Oh no…" right now, because I was honestly just fine with my characters pushing romance to the side.

Unfortunately for me, they seem to have decided it was enough… It was good while it lasted, I guess.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any guesses as to what the projects Joshua mentioned to Kalawarna are?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 229 others
Adrian King
Jul 19, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
…
9
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
162 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
9
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 91 - Push to Keep the Dark From Coming New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#366
Push to Keep the Dark From Coming

Meals had become a bit of an awkward affair with the Fallen Angels living at his place now, since they ate at the same time and at the same table as the rest of Asia, Jeanne and him. They knew not to do anything, of course, and he kept a close eye on them at all times with his wards and senses, but that didn't change the fact that they were. None of them could quite put the Fallen off of their mind, unfortunately.

Even Asia, forgiving and nice as she was, couldn't quite get over the fact that those two had been about to kill Joshua's family and almost killed him too. She wasn't quite angry, but she was certainly uneasy in their presence. Joshua also wondered how much of that was the fact that they were Fallen Angels too.

For that matter, he wondered how Asia had thought of them in canon. Maybe she'd had an easier time forgiving their glaring flaws because they were like her? Maybe she thought they could be good people that had been misunderstood like how it had happened to her? Now that she wasn't actually excommunicated, maybe it made things harder for her.

"Do you have a thing for blondes?" a voice said and Joshua blinked, looking up from his plate. When he turned towards her, it seemed that Raynare realized that maybe, just maybe, it was ill-advised to say anything at all to him, nevermind such a thing.

Fortunately for her, Joshua heard a light snort from the other side of the table that made him look towards Jeanne. Then the girl giggled behind her hand, making him raise an eyebrow. When she finally managed to get her laughter under control, she still kept a wide grin on her face.

"You gotta admit she's not wrong," Jeanne pointed out. "Between me, Asia, her," she listed, noticeably avoiding saying Mittelt's name. "And… Well, you know," she continued then, waving her hand vaguely. He got it though. 'Kunou and maybe Yasaka?' he finished for her. "It does seem like you do, as she said, "have a thing for blondes", doesn't it?"

"I mean, I don't think I do," he replied dryly. "Things just happened like that for some reason. Coincidence, you know?" he said with a shrug. "I can make your hair black though, if you want," he added with a grin. "It'll kind of ruin the excuse for my dye job, but it'll be fine, I'm sure."

"Ah, er, no need," Jeanne answered quickly, backpedaling like a pro.

"As for you," Joshua continued, turning to regard Raynare again, making the Fallen tense up. He noticed, idly, that the woman seemed to almost shiver where she sat as he looked at her. She also seemed to hold back a flinch when he waved his hand at her. "There you go. This way you won't feel left out."

There were two snorts in response to that, one from Jeanne and the other from Mittelt. As for Raynare, she looked at the two of them alternatively for a moment while they looked right back at her, holding back their laughs. When the Fallen realized that she wouldn't be getting an explanation of her own, she looked at herself.

It didn't take her long to realize that Joshua had turned her hair blond.

It was only an illusion, of course, but her horrified expression was still funny.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua looked around wryly. There were people whispering and girls giggling. There were eyes on him and the person across the table. Joshua was very aware of this even when he wasn't checking. He could almost feel the attention that was being placed on them.

"I think we should have done this somewhere else," he commented with an uncomfortable smile.

"Why though?" Serafall asked, blinking at him like she couldn't figure out why he'd say something like that. "Your cafe has some of the best stuff, Joshua. Why would we go somewhere else?"

He just sighed, massaging his eyelids.

"Right, all this attention doesn't bother you," he stated instead of asked. After all, Serafall was the Satan of foreign affairs and also a star actress in a popular show. On top of that, she wore her magical girl outfit practically all the time, which also spoke about her tolerance to attention.

Quite the contrast to him.

He should be grateful that she was wearing normal clothes, he supposed. Although, maybe that made things worse in this case? It was certainly an interesting thought, if nothing else. Looking around once more, Joshua lamented the fact that Sona wasn't there with them like during some of Sefarall's other visits. Apparently being just the two of them made people jump to conclusions.

"Not really, no," the Satan answered expectedly. "Does it bother you though?" she asked then, taking him off guard, not only because of the question but also because of the serious look on her face. "I can cast something to make them ignore us too, not only our conversation."

"No, that's… That's fine, I guess," he replied hesitantly. He didn't like the attention, but there was no reason to bother Serafall with that. "I'm just… Not used to being the target of gossip, I guess," he mumbled, unable to stop his eyes from darting around.

"Really? There's plenty of gossip about you in the supernatural world, you know?" the woman told him, tilting her head in confusion. Her question only made him feel even worse, really.

"I guessed… But at least they usually don't do that where I can see and hear them," he commented, bringing his cup of tea to his lips. "I just… Well, I didn't get out much before, and I didn't draw attention to myself… Was kind of a wallflower, really."

"Well, that's difficult to see, considering you seem to do the opposite since I've known you," Serafall pointed out with a little giggle before she brought her drink to her lips. The thing was so sweet that it made Joshua feel the sweetness even just by looking at the drink, really.

"It's just the company I keep," he replied wryly. "Pretty sure nobody would look at me if you weren't there and I wasn't the owner," he commented, drawing a strange look from Serafall, one that he couldn't quite place.

"If you say so?" the Satan said hesitantly.

"So, did you want to talk about something in particular?" he asked, just as unsure.

"I just wanted to spend some time together without it being for work, actually," she said, beaming at him. And quite honestly, how was he to do anything but accept that? So, with an uneasy smile, he ran his fingers through his hair.

"That works too, I guess," he said. Despite how uncomfortable the situation made him, it was nice to be able to spend time with her. If nothing else, Joshua had learned to appreciate any time spent on things that weren't work related. He might have a lot to do, but he didn't want to burn himself out, that was for sure.

That wouldn't end well for anyone.

"Oh, oh, remember the thing with Asia?" Serafall asked, as if the fact that she thought up something to talk about was great news.

"Isn't that classified information or something?" he shot back, raising an eyebrow.

"Pff, who cares?" she said, waving off his worries.

At least she wasn't gonna talk about her show. He liked that well enough – hell, he was now part of the show –, but Serafall could talk about that for hours and he didn't quite have that much free time in his day, even if he'd like to. As it was, he just smiled and sipped from his cup of tea while listening to Serafall.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua worked silently, which was the usual for him, for the most part. However, at that very moment, he couldn't help but take note of that fact with some… Not really nervousness, but certainly feeling somewhat uncomfortable.

Regardless, he continued reading through the data he could pick up with the Wards and Hexes he'd set up quickly some time before and also what he could feel with Magic and Life Sense. It was a bit frustrating though, because he couldn't pick up on anything, really. Although, that could be a clue by itself, he supposed.

With a frown, he looked up from his notebook, taking a break from taking notes. Not that he had much to write down, but he wanted to jot down even the things that weren't there, just in case. Then, he looked at the woman that laid in front of him on a hospital bed. Taking a deep breath in, he went through everything he'd checked to see if he'd missed something.

"That expression is very reassuring," someone said sarcastically from his side, making Joshua grimace. "It's ok. I appreciate the fact that you are trying," they added, which only further annoyed him.

Joshua knew Sairaorg wasn't insulting his skills or anything of the sort. It was just that his friend had resigned himself to being unable to help his mother recover from the Sleep Disease. However, he wasn't going to give up quite so fast.

"I just need some time to go over possibilities. Check what I can now, then come up with things I might have missed and try again. Rinse and repeat from there until I find something," Joshua said, turning to regard Misla Bael once more. "Your doctors haven't been able to pick up shit, by the way," he commented, drawing a weak snort from his devil friend. "All the information you got me was… Less than ideal, I gotta say."

"If we knew much about this, we wouldn't be so hopelessly at the disease's mercy," Sairaorg replied, which was fair, Joshua supposed.

"That just means I have to look harder into this. Find what the problem is and then try to do something about it. As it is, I'm not getting anything from my spells or senses," Joshua told his friend. "I'll have to think about what I might have missed and try that on the next visit."

"Thank you, Joshua."

"Don't mention it," he waved off, frowning as he tried to see if he'd missed something and noting down some more things in his notebook. "I'll help wake her up, be it with the Healing Spell or with some other one if I have to make it. You'll have your mother back, Sairaorg."

"Thank you," the devil repeated, this time his voice wavering with emotion. "I guess I'll have to see who I have to sell my soul to in order to repay you."

"That's kind of ironic, isn't it? A devil selling his soul for a human," Joshua pointed out with a slight smile as his friend chuckled wetly. "Anyway, don't worry about payment. I guess you can owe me… And besides, I might have something for you to do that I would appreciate."

"Anything you want, Joshua," Sairaorg replied with utmost seriousness, to which the human nodded. Still, he didn't feel right asking for payment or just favors at all while they were in the same room as his friend's comatose mother. That could wait for some other time. "Rias seems pretty confident that she can do something about her situation by herself after you got more involved," the devil said then, a little out of nowhere.

"It'd be the ideal outcome, but she's up against a Phenex. That's a serious drawback against her. Especially from what I've seen, considering the guy has his sister in his peerage too," Joshua commented. During one of their training sessions, Rias and him had gone over some recordings of Riser's Rating Games to gather information. It was nice to cover for his metaknowledge of the series, really.

… It was also a nice reminder, since he'd forgotten a lot of stuff already too.

"So, you think she won't manage?" Sairaorg asked and Joshua could feel the man's eyes on him even as he looked in the "sleeping" woman's direction.

"I think she can put up a great fight, if she can win or not depends on her and her peerage," he replied with a shrug. "She certainly has what it takes to win. However… Well, things are complicated."

"That's one way to put it," Sairaorg agreed, sighing. "I worry about her. You didn't see her at her worst moment regarding these… agreement that her family has with the Phenex. She's been quite different from that as of late, happier, more confident, and that's good, don't get me wrong but… But I worry about what will happen to her if it turns out she can't get out of this mess."

"It'll be fine, Sairaorg. Even if her fight and my plans don't go well, there's still things I can try to get her out. It's just that they'll be more annoying," he reassured with a wave of his hand, tilting his head as he tried to read Sairaorg's mother with Magic Sense.

"More annoying than making an enemy out of one of the strongest Pillars?" Sairaorg asked and Joshua could almost see the raised eyebrow there. He'd have turned to look at him, but something had caught his attention.

"Yes," he answered absently. It was weird, that he was picking up nothing at all from the woman's magic. Normally. Devils were basically beacons of magical energy. They seemed to be all but made of that stuff. Hers was also there, he could read it and all but…

Joshua hummed, he needed to tinker with some spells to check some things more thoroughly.

"Only you, Joshua," Sairaorg said, making him blink.

"What?"

To that, the devil just chuckled.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua took deep breaths in as he focused inwards. Sitting with his legs crossed and his eyes closed, he turned his attention towards the life energy in his body. He was going through the motions for Life Concentration at the moment, but he was also preparing for the next step. It was time for it, according to the texts Shed had provided for him in regards to Senjutsu.

So, at once, he shifted his approach. Instead of just gently nudging his life energy through its path, he did it so more sharply. He made it move faster, stronger and more precisely. The change was slow, of course, since he didn't want to risk messing up. However, the effect was instantaneous. His body felt stronger, lighter, healthier. It was almost like deactivating the spells he used to restrict himself for training.

He felt just… more.

Joshua didn't keep that up for too long though, because he knew his attention could drift at any moment and that could end badly. So, just as slowly as he had changed how he moved his life energy, he went back to normal. A sharp change was dangerous, after all, especially for a complete novice like him.

"Fairly good job, I'd say," a voice said as he finished settling his energy and opened his eyes. He gave Yasaka a weary smile at the compliment. The youkai leader had offered to supervise his attempt at taking a new step in Senjutsu, and he'd have been a fool to tell her no, really.

"I'm never sure how to take those compliments," Joshua admitted with a weak chuckle. "Either I'm really impressive or you are just saying that to make me feel better. I'm not sure I want to know the answer to that," he said, the last part added quickly when the woman went to speak.

Giggling behind her hand, Yasaka shook her head at him.

"You are doing well, Joshua. Most anyone not as connected with life energy as us youkai has much more trouble understanding the practices than you do," she told him, making him smile a little wider. "You should be proud, Joshua."

"I guess…" he mumbled, his eyes then finding the screen that had appeared in front of him.

[Skill Unlocked: Life Strengthening]

'Ok then,' he mused, taking a deep breath in and bringing a hand up to rub the locket hanging from his neck. 'That's neat. How does the skill look?'

[Life Strengthening - 1/50

Determines the user's ability to enhance their body with life energy.

Increases the efficacy of Life Strengthening by 1%.]

'Hm… Not very surprising, I guess,' he mused after reading it and taking a deep breath in. Fuyuko chose that moment to come in and bring him a cup of tea. With a quick thank you, he focused on his Life Sense for a moment before sighing.

"Well, something else to train with," he mumbled, setting the cup on the table. Then he turned towards Yasaka again, who seemed to be patiently waiting with a cup of her own. "Thanks for the assistance. I know it must be annoying to have to spend time teaching me this stuff when you are already busy enough."

"It's no trouble at all," she refuted, easily waving his words off. "You've done me many favors, Joshua. Some of them you might not even be aware of. Some of them even I might not be aware of. As it is, this is the least I can do for you."

"I… There's no need to keep "count" like that, you know?" he asked hesitantly, looking away. "I think we are close enough to not have to think about things quite so… professionally, right?..." he mumbled, his voice dropping. "Might have assumed too much there though," he whispered under his breath.

His nerves and hesitation vanished when Yasaka smiled at him, one that quite literally washed away the negative thoughts he might have had.

"You'd be right about that, I assure you," she told him, making him smile in turn. "You are more than just Kunou's teacher to me, Joshua. I hope you know that."

"I do, it's just," he mumbled, the hand on his locket grabbing it even more firmly. "I just have trouble believing such things. Friends and such were… Weren't my thing, I guess. So, it's easier not to think about the specifics too much, or at least not…"

"Not voice them," Yasaka told him with a sad smile and a nod. "There's no need to, but if you need confirmation, feel free to ask me. I won't be offended. I think I'd know better than to assume, don't you?"

"Yeah…" he said, calming down slightly. He was still a mess when it came to social interactions, it seemed. Or, at least, he could still be so at times. It was frustrating. It was annoying. It was… He hated it. However, it was how he was, he supposed. "Thank you. I guess I'm still working on getting… less socially awkward," he said.

"Don't mention it and it's no problem at all, Joshua. We all have our failings, trying to get better at those is the most we can do," she reassured him. "I certainly am working on my side to be a better mother than I have been. It's all about trying."

"I guess you are right about that."

"Of course I am," she told him, smiling smugly, to which he chuckled. "Get used to that."

"I guess I should."

[}-o-{]​

[Kalawarna]

The sound of the door opening made her jump. It wasn't the first time someone – Davis, in all cases, actually – came for a visit, of course, since they'd been bringing her meals and all. If she hadn't known better, judging by the copious amounts of killing intent that the man threw at her, she'd have thought the man was considering sparing her. Unfortunately, she did, so she could only wait for the time when he'd come through that door not to bring food but to start with his… Projects, whatever those might be.

The words had been burned into her mind since the very first moment she heard them.

Project Summer.

Project Winter.

Project Spring.

Project Fall.

Every single one of those conjured ideas that chilled her to her bones. What could those possibly be? She had no idea, and that made it all the worse. Everytime she went over the short list, Kalawarna seemed to come up with worse and worse theories as to what they could mean for her.

Gulping, she felt the blood drain from her face as Davis snapped his fingers so that she suddenly appeared back at the table and a second later the cuffs closed around her wrists. That wasn't what worried her though, he always did that. No, what completely terrified her was the fact that he had no plate in his hands. There was no food going to be involved in this and that only meant one thing.

"I think you had enough time to consider, don't you?" he asked, still looking at her like a particularly annoying insect on the table… Or so she'd thought, but now, after some time, she realized that it was something else. Davis didn't think she was an insect. He thought she was a rat, a lab rat at that.

"... Please…" she mumbled, knowing it was futile. There was no change in the man's expression, he just stared at her for a long moment. When she remained silent, probably looking exceedingly pitiful, he raised an eyebrow at her. "Please, I can… I can do whatever you want me to, please… Don't do-"

"So," he interrupted, only tilting his head slightly to the side. "You want me to choose? That's fine. I think we can go with-"

"Spring!" she squeaked, before the chance to at least have a say in the matter escaped through her fingers. There was silence then, one that felt oppressive, weighting on her like someone had through a mountain on her shoulders. She'd chosen spring… because it was the nicest sounding, really. There were literally no clues, but Winter and Fall sounded bad and Summer didn't sound much better. Sure, it could be a deception, making the nicest sounding be the worst, but… Well, Kalawarna couldn't know that, and she had to choose something.

"Hm, Project Spring then," Davis mused thoughtfully. "That's fine then. You want to know what it is?" he asked, and Kalawarna detected a hint of amusement both in his voice and his eyes. The sadistic freak sure was different from what little she'd come to know about him, apparently.

"... I do…" she answered, against her better judgment. She honestly didn't know which option was worse in that case. Knowing or not… In the end, she just went with her first thought.

"Project Spring… Well, you may or may not know that I use Draining Wards and Parasitizing Hexes, as in, taking power and directing it other places," Davis explained idly, as one would talk about some interesting fact they saw in a documentary or read in a book. "What I've never tried is… What happens if I send more energy into a vessel than it can naturally contain?" he asked curiously and Kalawarna was getting the idea…

And she wasn't liking it.

"So, that's what I'll try. I'll pour magic into you and see what happens. Will you start breaking immediately or can I overload a vessel? If the latter case is true, would that overload have a limit? What would even happen if you were sent over your limit?" Davis asked and Kalawarna felt her insides twisting and turning, freezing all over as if Leviathan were interrogating her once more. "I wanna know. Would it be different if I used something else too? I can take a little life energy from plants, what happens if I just pour that into you? Would it go well or would it… not? I'm really curious."

"I'm sorry," she forced through his quickly closing throat. Her voice was a pitiful whine but she couldn't have cared less about that at the moment. "I swear, I'll do whatever you want. I'll listen to everything you say. I'll do anything and everything. But please… please…" she trailed off, her own body and mind faltering on her.

Indifferent, Davis leaned forward, resting his arms on the table.

"That was more honest than other times," he said, before his lips pulled up into a smile. A smile that only made Kalawarna feel worse. "But it was not enough."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Several things happened in this chapter but I still… Don't have much to say, I think.

I do hope you enjoyed the chapter though.

Random Question: Well, one of the projects has been revealed. Does that give you guys better ideas for what the others are or not?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 230 others
Adrian King
Jul 19, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 92 - Feel the Weight of What We Owe New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#373
Feel the Weight of What We Owe

[Kalawarna]

"What do you want from me?" she asked desperately "Please, don't do this. There has to be something I can do, please!" she continued pleading, her words falling on deaf ears while the human continued doing his own thing.

Davis seemed to pay her absolutely no mind as he started setting up his spells, wards and hexes both. She was but a convenient element in the experiment he wanted to conduct, she knew. She was just one more cog in the machine he wanted to test, nothing more and nothing less.

It was all she was and all she could be for him.

"Please!" she wailed, finally getting a reaction from the human, even if it was barely a pause. "Please, tell me what I can do, there has to be something else… Please…" she pleaded frantically, tears running down her face as her mind bombarded her with the many, unpleasant and disturbing results that the human's experiments could get from her.

"You know what my problem is with you?" Davis said, turning to look at the circles he'd been setting up before looking up and moving to take the seat across from Kalawarna once more. "That you don't mean anything you say. You aren't sorry, you are just desperate. Because I know you'd have been perfectly fine with what you did if things hadn't gone South. You aren't sorry for what you did, you are sorry because you are not the attacker anymore, now you are the victim. Tell me I'm wrong."

Kalawarna opened her mouth instantly, intent on doing just that. However, ultimately, she knew it was useless. Davis would know she was lying, either because he really had a way to tell or because his mind was made up about the matter. Would she make things worse for herself by lying? That question gave her pause for long enough that the human took it as an answer of its own.

"Yeah, that's what I thought," he said, grinning bitterly before shaking his head. "So, I'll feel terrible about doing this… but I've run out of mercy for idiots like you and those you worked with. The kid gloves are off now, and you and the rest of your idiotic group have only yourselves to blame."

"Please, I can… I can change!" Kalawarna tried, looking on in dread as the man continued working once more. Each spell that he cast, she felt, and it added on the mounting pile of fear that she already carried with her. "I can… I can… Please, give me a chance. Please, don't do this," she continued, getting more agitated as she saw him stand up and move towards her. She couldn't be sure, but something told her that everything was set up.

"Do you have any predictions about how this is gonna go? Because I'm really curious, even if this sounds disturbing even to me," Davis asked her, completely disregarding everything she'd said before. "I guess I can give you a minute or so, if you want," he added, leaning back against his chair.

"Is there something I can do? Please, I'll do whatever you want me to," she whispered. She felt as if someone had taken her heart in their hands and squeezed when the only reaction she got was mild annoyance and boredom. "I can… Please, I can be useful. I can change. I can," she instead desperately. "I just need a chance."

"Like the chance my family didn't get?" he asked her, tilting his head. "Like the chance many others weren't given by Khaos Brigade?" he pressed on. "Why should I give you a chance?"

"So I can make up for the things I've done," she answered and her soul all but left her body with the borderline angry expression on Davis's face.

"That's a lie, wanna try again?"

She flinched.

"I… I don't want to die. I don't want to… to…"

"Suffer," Davis finished for her with a snarl. "Suffer like you've caused others to suffer, right? That's what you were getting at."

"Yes," she whispered her weak answer.

To that, Davis just tapped his finger to the table, a dull, low sound that shouldn't have felt so loud to Kalawarna's ears. It felt like the sentence falling on her, like judgment being delivered. The end of a conversation in which she had never stood a chance.

"So you see why I shouldn't give you that chance, right?" he asked, making her deflate on her seat even more. "Even if I did give you half a chance, I'm sure all I'd get is a knife to the back, be it literally or not. I wouldn't trust you with anything, literally."

"I wouldn't," she denied. Kalawarna knew she'd get nowhere, but she still wanted to say that. If only because… Well, it might be the last time she might get to voice anything at all. "I wouldn't. I know how things stand. Give me a chance, and I won't ever try to do anything. I know I stand no chance either way so…"

"So you'll just wait and turn sides whenever it's better for you, huh?" Davis asked, making her flinch. "If they capture you, you are on their side, if we do, you are in ours. Just when I thought you and your organization could fall lower…"

To that, she said nothing, because there was nothing she could say that would sound even remotely good.

For a long moment, however, nothing happened as Davis stared at her. Through every breath she took, every second she just sat there, Kalawarna waited for the experiment to begin. She was sure she didn't deserve even a warning in the human's eyes. What did it matter if she was ready or not, after all.

Ultimately… Nothing happened.

Then, Davis sighed.

"I'll give you one chance," he said, and Kalawarna's eyes widened. Sure, she'd hoped against hope that it would happen, but she knew the chances were next to zero. Yet she couldn't bring herself to believe her ears as the words were spoken. "One chance. Take half a step in the wrong direction, think about taking a step in the wrong direction, and I'll experiment on you until there's literally nothing left for me to do with you."

Kalawarna gulped, but her heart soared all the same.

"Am I clear?" he asked, eyes narrowing.

"Yes," she replied instantly, afraid and yet so very relieved.

"I have my eyes on you, Fallen," he said, before chuckling with no mirth whatsoever. "I'm almost hoping you'll give me a reason… for now, let's go," he decided, shaking his head before snapping his fingers. The cuffs around her wrists opened instantly and she shot up to a standing position.

"You won't regret this," Kalawarna told him firmly, because there was no way she would let that happen. No way, not after all the torture she suspected would wait for her down that path. Her mind had conjured enough of those nightmares while she waited, before and after finding out the kind of thing Davis's experiments could involve.

"I'm already regretting it… but let's see, I guess," the human sighed.

[}-o-{]​

[Griselda Quarta]

"Welcome, Joshua," she said as the man appeared from a teleportation circle. Interestingly, he had a messenger bag slung over his shoulder. However, there was something even more concerning to focus on at that moment. After all, it took her no time at all to notice that the magician wasn't in a good mood. Where he'd usually wear a relaxed expression, if not outright smiling, he was now all but scowling as he looked ahead. "I hope everything went fine?" she asked, trying to keep her hesitation hidden.

"Everything's fine, yeah," the man replied, rubbing his eyelids tiredly. Then the man looked next to him, at the sight that his familiars made. Griselda herself would admit to being a little intimidated, especially by the serpent. The aforementioned and the spider wouldn't get Joshua many allies in the Church, but considering the state of things… Well, Griselda couldn't very well deny that the man had good reason to want all his familiars with him.

After all…

"Oh, this is just great, isn't it?" she heard the man asked sarcastically under his breath and Griselda had to withhold a flinch at that. She knew very well where Joshua's eyes were looking at that very moment. Behind her, slightly to the side, next to the door they'd have to go through to take him where he'd start doing his job.

"I promise no trouble will be caused by anyone in this building, and if anyone does then they are…" she reassured, before trailing off as she reached the last part. "Then they are traitors to the Church and Heaven," she finished, not quite managing to keep her expression straight.

Joshua obviously noticed, judging by the side-glance he gave her.

"Well, that's… nice to know, I guess," he muttered, staring straight at Xenovia, who had always been less than friendly to him.

Griselda regretted many things, and one of them was letting her ward be so influenced by some of her teachers which were more… radically inclined. Some of which had even turned to the other side of the current struggle that their faction was dealing with. Quite honestly, she counted herself lucky that Xenovia hadn't turned to the other side herself, sad and painful as it was to consider.

"Things must be worse than I thought, if I need this kind of guard while in here," Joshua added then, looking between Xenovia and Shidou, the two Excalibur fragment wielders that stood by the door.

"Not quite," Griselda tried, gesturing for the man to follow her, to which he nodded. "But we've considered it prudent to be err on the side of caution."

"If you say so," the man replied flatly, very clearly not falling for her words. She wasn't precisely lying, but things were tense enough that something could happen. 'To think we'd fall this low,' she lamented to herself. The recent times of her faction hurt, a lot, and that was without even considering that things had never quite been good while she was part of them. There were always sordid stories related to the Church, but she'd always thought they were all stragglers, isolated incidents…

Until she realized that the Church seemed to have been slowly infected and that now there was rot everywhere.

It was only fortunate that they'd managed to get the attention of Heaven more directly and that now they were working on improving things. Everything would have to get worse before it got better, but the prospect of a brighter future was what drove Griselda to do her best to help her faction. 'And for that, I have Joshua to thank for,' she thought, her eyes looking at the man in question as they walked through the corridors of the base he was going to set up defenses for.

The man didn't know it, most probably, but he'd been the one to make her question the decisions she'd so dutifully followed up until recent times. She hadn't understood how the higher ups could turn away from a rising figure such as Joshua's. Sure, the man was no force of nature when it came to fighting, but his wards were about as good as one could get from anywhere. Furthermore, he was only just getting started as a supernatural figure, which meant that he'd only get better with time and that was what most was supposed to get him attention.

And yet, her higher ups had scoffed at such a prospect just because it involved working with factions that, admittedly, they didn't precisely get along with. However, there was peace for the moment between the three factions. Surely they could push away their biases in order to deal with a more pressing matter such as Khaos Brigade.

Except that they didn't.

Now, Griselda knew why. They'd been on the side of the terrorists all along.

"And so, here we are," Joshua mumbled, looking around the room they'd just arrived to and snapping Griselda from her thoughts. The man seemed in no rush to get started, from what she saw. Instead, he walked along the walls of the place, taking everything in while Griselda, Xenovia and Irina stood by the door and Joshua's familiars got settled on the corners of the room. "I guess I can get started already," he said, nodding to himself.

Then Griselda and the two girls watched the man do just that.

Joshua moved to the center of the room and took out a book from his bag. Opening it, he immediately cast a spell that caused a circle roughly the size of the place they were in to expand from the pages. A second later, a myriad of papers appeared on the ground with magic circles drawn on them.

"You said you wanted these defenses to be temporary, right?" Joshua asked her, looking up from the book and making her eyes snap from the ground and turn to him.

"Indeed… We expect to either have our own solution to this before long or for the issue to be resolved before then, at the very least," Griselda answered with a nod, receiving the same gesture back. Immediately afterwards, the man repeated what he'd done before. Except that this time, instead of papers with circles, wardstones appeared from the book on top of every single one of the aforementioned magical designs.

"That makes things easier," Joshua said, walking carefully from where he'd been to the furthermost part of the giant circle the things he'd pulled out formed. "Now, I'm gonna start and I need to not be interrupted, at least until I've managed to finish the first set of spells."

"We shall make sure nothing goes wrong," Griselda reassured him, to which the man nodded. She didn't miss the fact that he didn't seem very relaxed even after that, nor the fact that he traded a look with his familiars. Regardless of that, Joshua started casting spell after spell, moving around the room drawing some sort of spiral towards the middle of the room once more.

Despite not being a particularly sensory inclined individual, Griselda could very well feel the presence of the wards rising up around the building. That spoke volumes of the level at which Joshua stood. After all, it wasn't his fighting prowess that had earned him the renown that he had. It was his talent in regards to warding – and magic as a whole – that had made it so his name was known throughout the magical community.

Defenses that could take down a Longinus and pull a stalemate with another were nothing to scoff at. Those were artifacts and powers that could take down gods, after all. Griselda was sure that it was a matter of time before something else equally as impressive was added to Joshua's list of accomplishments too, considering how little he'd been part of the supernatural world.

For the moment-

An explosion made her focus snap towards the door of the room.

That had been right outside. 'What happened to the rest of the guards? The other soldiers? Are we under attack? The defenses didn't… activate…' she wondered then, before her heart dropped at the realization that this was an inside job. 'Things have really gotten that bad, have they?'

"You know what to do," she heard Joshua say, even as he continued working like nothing had happened. Immediately, all four of his familiars snapped into action. The spider crawled from her corner up towards the ceiling and then towards the door where Griselda and the two girls stood. The snake approached too, slithering around the circle of ward preparations, carefully avoiding the pieces of paper on the floor. The bird followed suit too, same as the cat.

A cat that transformed into a tiger on the way to the door.

"We've got this under control, Joshua," Griselda reassured, squaring her shoulders and preparing to defend the place as best she could with the help of her ward and Irina. "There's no need for you to do anything other than what was asked of you."

"That's nice," the man replied blandly without even looking up. "We'll be ready just in case. No offense," he added, making Xenovia bristle at the implication. Griselda, for her part, could only smile bitterly at that. It said a lot about the man's opinion of her faction as whole, really, and the worst part was that she couldn't even defend them all that much, as things stood.

Nothing else was said as Griselda moved to leave the room and take care of… Whatever it was that was going on in the building. She dreaded finding out, but it was what she had to do. Difficult, dark times were ahead for the Church, but she needed to focus on finding the best path, the one that would lead them back to the light once more, eventually. Behind her, she heard Xenovia and Irina following.

"... Irina, stay here," she said once they were outside. It wouldn't do to leave Joshua alone to go deal with whatever problem had arised. "Nobody is allowed in, not even me. If you must, check with Joshua. He should be able to tell if whoever comes is trustworthy, but never let your guard down."

"Yes, ma'am," the girl agreed instantly, a serious expression on her face. Griselda could only hope she would listen to what she said and follow the instructions to the letter. She knew, after all, that younger people were liable to… get distracted, or forgetful.

[}-o-{]​

[Xenovia Quarta]

A light sword clashed against Excalibur Destruction and she sent the poor man flying off immediately. The fight continued though, considering there were significant numbers in the battle, on both sides. The hard part was knowing who was on which side though, since they were all…

They were all exorcists.

It was annoying, confusing and disturbing to see those people fighting between themselves. Xenovia had always thought the Church a united front. She'd always considered them all more than worthy to watch her back, and now, she was fighting those same people. How had things even ended up like they had?

She wanted to blame the devils, the fallen or some of the other creatures of darkness that symbolized everything the Church stood against. She really did… But she couldn't. Over the last few months, she'd seen and heard many things regarding the Church. Things that had given new perspective in regards to many events she'd experienced and towards what she'd seen through her life.

That and the fact that she'd seen first hand many of the events that had led to what was going on at the moment made it so she could only blame the people of the Church. On one side, for taking their beliefs and twisting them into something that was barely a mockery of their faith. On the other, for letting things get as bad as they had.

Safe was it to say that Xenovia was disillusioned with her own faction, but she'd stand by it. They had raised her, they had taught her and they had given her a home. Griselda was all but her mother, even if neither of them would admit it. She couldn't turn away from all that just because things had become hard. It was all a test from the Lord, she was sure, and she needed to remain strong in the face of adversity.

"Xenovia!" she heard someone cry behind her. 'Griselda?' she thought, turning immediately with Destruction ready in her hands. However, she was too late. Xenovia could only look as the exorcist that had stood behind her went for a stab that she didn't have enough time to adjust and block.

For a single second, everything stood still, like time itself had stopped. 'Is this what my life comes to, my Lord?' she wondered helplessly. 'Have I failed you? Did I stray too far? Was I too weak to the machinations of others?' she asked herself, the questions piling up.

She knew she had a lot of things to work through, after all. Teachings that she'd have to forget. Attitudes she had to improve. Opinions she needed to correct.

So many things she had to do.

And now-

Lightning struck the exorcist before he could reach her, but it didn't do so from above. Instead, the bolt came from the side, which made Xenovia just in time to see the tiger, Davis's familiar. 'Great, on top of an apology, I owe him a thank you. That's just peachy,' she thought to herself bitterly, but she couldn't muster the emotion as much as she guessed.

She was too relieved for that.

Next to the tiger, it seemed that the snake had also come to join the fight too. Both creatures being about as effective as Xenovia herself would be if she didn't have Destruction. 'And if that's not impressive, I don't know what is,' she mused.

What did it say about Davis, after all, that his familiars by themselves were enough to deal with exorcists like they were little more than annoyances?

That's when she heard a cry to the side which made her turn once more. Someone else seemed to have joined the fight, apparently, and it was difficult not to recognize the plaid shirt, red and black. 'Davis?' Xenovia wondered for a moment, seeing the man parrying attacks and stabbing exorcists. An ugly part of her mind whispered that surely he was an enemy too, the devil sympathizer.

"You are both on our side, be more careful!" she heard him call then, making her eyes widen ever so slightly. Looking around the battlefield, Xenovia noticed shield spells appearing all around, stopping attacks before they reached certain people. 'How does he know who's on whose side?' she couldn't help but ask herself. "Head in the game, Xenovia!" the man shouted then, making her twitch at the order.

That's when she heard lightning hit once more, making her turn to see the white tiger now standing next to her, its paw pushing an exorcist to the ground. 'Were they… attacking me?' she wondered, her mind struggling to keep up with what was going on in the battlefield for once. It felt like nothing made sense anymore. 'Confusing times, indeed,' she thought, her hand gripping harder at Destruction.

Exorcists were fighting exorcists, monsters and a devil tainted magician were working with them. Angels, Fallen and Devils were working together. All that she'd been taught, all that she'd ever been told, felt like a lie as of late. Somehow, that battle, chaotic and sudden, made everything even more real, even more… true.

Her sword met the light sword of those that had once stood behind her. Her hands shook, but she battled anyway. Xenovia wasn't one to fight giving it less than her all, after all. If one thing she'd been taught wasn't a lie, it was probably how to fight. 'Probably,' she thought sardonically. Because there was doubt even there.

What was real?

The tiger remained next to her, fighting and watching her back as the people she was fighting should have. What had the world come to, when she was fighting exorcists with a monster as her ally? In the halls of a Church base, she saw Irina fighting side by side with a snake against people that they'd once thought were their own.

What was fake?

Xenovia saw the bird, small and almost inconspicuous in the chaos of battle, flying above Griselda and singing. She saw Davis, moving through the battlefield as well, if not better than her and Irina were. Taking down her own opponent, Xenovia turned to look at him better.

He never seemed to go for fatal wounds, from what she could see. His shields appeared everywhere, protecting people that were even behind him. Xenovia would swear that, despite his reckless charge between the many fights, he seemed completely unaffected by the attacks that rained on him. Even those that weren't blocked, even those that weren't shielded, even those that weren't dodged. He just continued going on, like nothing could stop him.

Nothing made sense anymore, truly.

That was all Xenovia seemed to know as of late.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well… Joshua got a little out of hand in the first scene. It seems he hasn't slipped down the slope quite as far as I thought he had… That's a surprise, but I guess I should be used to my characters doing shit like that. I wanna remind everyone though, that Joshua has wards, hexes, magic sense and life sense reading Kalawarna like a book. That might help people understand things a little better.

Anyway, the last part… I'm not quite happy with it, honestly, but that's how it turned out and I can't seem to be able to come up with something better. With some luck, it's not as bad as I think it is. That'd be nice.

Regardless, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How do you think things will go with Kalawarna? Will she change? Will she stab Joshua in the back? Will she do something else?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 225 others
Adrian King
Jul 19, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 93 - I Stand Here Right Beside You New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#377
I Stand Here Right Beside You

[Xenovia Quarta]

"You didn't have to help us, Joshua," she heard Griselda say. She couldn't bring herself to look at her though, least of all because she was standing right in front of Davis. Xenovia wasn't sure why, precisely, but she just didn't feel comfortable looking at the man after the things she'd said to him and how his familiar saved her, twice. Maybe the wounds wouldn't have been that bad… or maybe they'd have killed her, and now she owed him a lot more than the apology she did before.

"Maybe I didn't," the man agreed, sounding disinterested. "But I wanted to make sure things went well. Take it as payment for the mess Morag made of your hallway," he added, his voice amused.

It was… not quite a fair trade, Xenovia was sure. Although, the spider had filled the entire corridor with purple – and poisonous, as she'd learned – webbing that clung to the walls, the floor, the ceiling and everything in between. It had taken liberal use of some spells to clear it up, but just by the effort they'd had to put into getting all of it away, it made it pretty obvious that it'd have been very effective stopping someone from getting through. And that was without the spider itself getting involved too.

"Still, thank you, truly," Griselda said then, and Xenovia felt her heart twist inside her chest at the emotion in her voice. "Your tiger… What is her name?" she asked, sounding very awkward about having forgotten the familiar's name.

"Cheshire?" the man answered curiously before turning to look at the feline.

"She saved Xenovia," Griselda answered then, making her look up at them, even if her eyes darted away when she saw Davis turn towards her. "I am in your debt."

"You can be, if you really want to. But I didn't do any of that to get anything from you. I just wanted to make sure things went well, as I said. Honestly, they are a danger to me too, at this point, so taking care of them helps me too," Davis waved off, like it'd been nothing. Like saving her was nothing. Like helping them with their internal conflict was nothing. Like having Griselda, a high up agent of the Church, owe him was nothing.

Xenovia didn't know if she should be amazed or annoyed by that.

"You truly are a strange person, Joshua Davis," Griselda told the man, and that was quite the understatement, as far as Xenovia was concerned. "Strange indeed."

"I'll take that as a compliment," the man said with a grin that she only saw because she took advantage of the fact that everyone seemed to have turned away from her. "Now, I should get the rest of the defenses set up. I should be done within the day, at least, but it'll take some time for it to fully power up and start working as intended."

"We are aware," Griselda replied.

"Now, I had something I needed to talk with you," Davis said, making the woman blink and Xenovia tilt her head. "If you want to cling to the debt thing, I'd appreciate some help with this."

"I'm listening," Griselda said, straightening and fully intending on doing whatever the man asked. Xenovia could see it, and she was moved. She truly was, however, she resolved to go and tell them it was her own debt if the man decided to ask for-

"Asia wants to go to school," Davis told her, making both women – and Irina too, apparently – blink at him. There was a long drawn out silence after those words were spoken while the man started casting magic once more under the confused gazes of the three Church members.

"That's…"

"Look, I know I was kind of requested to sort of guard her," Davis continued then, before Griselda could finish that trailed off statement. "But I was thinking that she could go to Kuoh. I know there are Devils there, but I'm on good terms with them, they sort of owe me. So she'd be safe there too. Hell, I've placed the defenses around the town myself."

"Joshua, I think if we trusted you enough to let you guard her, we can trust your judgment in such matters," Griselda said then, and to Xenovia, she sounded the slightest bit amused… Which was all sorts of strange for her to hear. "I will have to discuss this with my higher ups." Meaning the angels. "But I'm sure it's a request we can agree to."

"That's great. Asia told me that she wants to feel like a normal girl and I want to help her. She's been nice enough to help me get materials for hexes," the man sort of rambled, most of his focus evidently on his casting. Xenovia, for her part, did her best to ignore the little voice in her mind that whispered that hexes were evil. Griselda hadn't so much as reacted to that, so… Maybe it was just more teachings that were wrong? She'd have to ask later. "I feel bad for not being able to let her go outside much."

"I'm sure," Griselda replied, her smile taking a sad turn. "Although…" she trailed off then, turning to look at Xenovia, who averted her gaze then.

"Yeah?" Davis called absently, drawing Griselda's attention once more. Xenovia was thankful for that, at that moment. She had a difficult time looking at her guardian and mother-figure, especially after being so… Out of it, during the fighting. She could already tell that there would be harsh training in her future.

She shuddered.

"Nothing, just an idea that occurred to me," the woman reassured the magician at that moment. "Nothing for you to worry about."

"Somehow, you saying that worries me more than anything else," Davis commented with a half-smile.

Well, the man seemed to be smart, that was for sure.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"Somehow, I had hoped that nothing like that would happen," she heard her mother say, sighing where she sat across from Joshua and Kunou herself. "But I guess it was too much to wish for."

"I mean, they did say they were at war," her dad replied with a shrug, as if he'd just told them of a particularly inconvenient thing he had to deal with while spell tinkering instead of telling them he'd been in a skirmish in one of the Church's bases. Joshua could be weird at times, but that was just how her dad was, Kunou supposed. "All in all, it wasn't too bad. Either the attack was very improvised, they had the wrong information or they really overestimated themselves."

"... If you say so, Joshua," her mother commented. "Do be careful next time, ok?"

"I will. I think I got chewed out enough the last time," the man replied wryly, likely remembering the scolding he'd gotten from her mother after the incident with his uncle and cousins. "I don't need more motivation than that to stay out of trouble as much as possible."

"We were worried," Kunou couldn't help but mumble then, as memories of seeing Joshua on his house's medical bed came to her mind. She remembered how weak her dad had been back then as he recovered from that encounter. She'd hated it, and she still did.

That's when she felt a hand be softly placed on top of her head in between her ears and ruffle her hair.

Just like that, the bad thoughts vanished into thin air.

"I know, and I'm sorry for worrying you," Joshua said with a slight smile on his face. "In my defense, it's not like I wanted that to happen. And I… Well, things weren't supposed to turn out like that."

"And we know that," her mother replied then, sighing. "Doesn't make things easier to deal with."

"And I know that, but… Not much I can do about that. Sorry," he lamented. "Especially considering I'm planning to-"

"Ahem," her mother interrupted then, clearing her throat and giving a very obvious and meaningly look towards her. Kunou, for her part, looked between them with big, curious eyes.

"Right. Sorry," Joshua mumbled nervously, scratching the back of his head.

"What are you planning, dad?" Kunou asked then, giving her best pleading look to the man. She could see his resolve crumbling and fast. If there was one thing she liked, it was that she could get him to do just about anything. Maybe that was mean of her, but after so long having to do as she was told and with her mother having little time for her… Well, maybe Joshua had spoiled her with too much attention, she supposed.

That didn't mean she couldn't enjoy that, right?

"Did you finish setting up the wards around that one restaurant in the end?" her mother asked, making Kunou narrow her eyes. "I'd like to visit it sometime soon, I think."

"Oh? Yeah, I set up all the wards already, actually. We can go whenever you two are free," Joshua answered, looking very relieved by the topic change.

"It's a date then."

"Sure," her dad replied, evidently not thinking about what Yasaka had said. Kunou, for her part, felt her eyes widen before a wide grin spread on her face. However, when she saw Joshua pause and his expression turn confused, she decided she needed to act.

"Dad, what are you planning?" she whined, no longer looking for an actual answer anymore. When the man turned towards her and gave her an exasperated smile, Kunou celebrated internally. 'Successful distraction!'

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

"A rock?" she asked, eyes wide as she looked at the nondescript piece of stone that laid on the marble altar. "Where'd the Orb go?"

"Looking for this, Levi?" a voice called, making her eye twitch. She turned to see Joshua, leaning against one of the building's walls in his Domino Mask attire. In his hand, he playfully threw the emerald-like sphere up and down. "Pretty little thing, isn't it?" he commented, grabbing a more firm hold of the orb in his hand and looking at it with an uncharacteristic smirk on his face.

He was a solid actor, as it turned out. At least while he wore the full costume. As soon as he took off the mask, he became a lot more nervous. That was fine though, Serafall and the director had worked to make it look like his character was just like that. People seemed to have received the new character pretty well too, so that was good.

"Why'd you take the Temporal Orb, Domino?" Serafall asked with a frown that was almost real. She did lament the fact that she couldn't give a good look at Joshua in his suit. He did look very handsome in that, as it turned out. Sadly, she needed to focus on the show for the moment.

"Gee, wonder why I'd want a rock that gives power over time itself," Joshua answered sarcastically. "Truly, a mystery for the ages, isn't it?"

Much slower than she'd actually be if it wasn't just a show, she gave a sharp motion with her "magical staff" towards Joshua.

"Frozen Miracle!" she called out loud, making a very slow – for her at least – Ice Spell shoot towards Joshua. The ground froze in a straight line towards him with ice shards shooting up from the floor, except that it didn't hit. Instead, there was a flash of light before it reached him.

"Well, that was rude," the man commented from behind her, and she turned in exaggerated surprise, widening her eyes and all. "Wasn't it, Luna?" he asked then, as Margalo landed on his shoulder, chirping something. Serafall could almost see the bird struggle to keep the act. Little adorable Margalo was just too enthusiastic about the show, even for Serafall's standards. After all, the Satan could at least keep her focus on the set.

"Domino, I need the Orb-"

"To do stuff out of the goodness of your heart, I'm sure," Joshua interrupted, smirk still in place. "But the question is… What's in it for me?"

Both of them remained silent for a long moment, with Serafall faking a conflicted expression before she sighed.

"How about a deal?" she said then. To that, Joshua tilted his head curiously while his smile shifted into a pleased grin.

"I'm listening."

"And… cut!" they heard the director call and both of them deflated.

Now, to spend some time with Joshua… And enjoy much more freely the sight of the man in a suit. Both were very important things to do, indeed.

[}-o-{]​

[Karin]

"What do you guys think this'll be like?" she asked hesitantly as they sat up front in the classroom. On each side, she had Meredith and George. Meanwhile, behind them sat Fortune and Levi. They were the only ones that had gotten a place in the classroom… At least, the ones personally given a spot by Professor Davis to his Ward Magic class.

Maybe Karin was channeling her favorite magic teacher a bit, because she couldn't remember if anyone else in the classroom was also in Professor Davis' Spell Modification class.

"Well, I'm expecting things to go more or less the same as when things started in the other class," Meredith answered, bouncing on her seat, visibly excited. Karin would admit that it'd be humorous to see that again, especially now that she wasn't as nervous as she'd been back then.

She'd had to pull all the favors she'd earned through her life to get into that first class, which was a risk for her. As an orphan without so much as a family name, Karin had to pull herself up all the way to where she was now. Having to burn so many of the favors she'd amassed through the years for one class had been dangerous indeed, but it'd definitely paid off in the end.

After the fact and once she'd been acknowledged as one of the favored and star students in the class, however, everything had changed. She didn't have to all but beg for jobs from her association anymore. Instead, it was others that were begging for her to do said jobs. From being that orphan with no backing and no connections, she'd moved all the way up to the point that she could even rival old magical families.

It was a change that she was still getting used to, but it was definitely a good one regardless.

"It'll be interesting to see then," Dion commented from behind them. "I seem to have missed quite the show, if your behavior is any indication."

"Oh, definitely," Meredith said, grinning even wider than before. "Just you wai-"

She was interrupted when the door to the classroom opened and in came their teacher. Together with him, they saw Morag, the spider familiar, peeking over the man's shoulder before jumping to the wall and starting to move around the blackboard. Silence reigned then as everyone looked at the blond man, while he in turn regarded them with his piercing blue eyes.

He looked almost disinterested as he looked at the class. Except, Karin noticed, when he found his attention drawn to the group of five students he was already sort-of familiar with. They'd really achieved something big when they earned his acknowledgement, that was for sure.

"For those who don't know me," Professor Davis started, leaning back on his desk as he regarded them all. "I don't care about names. Don't introduce yourself unless I ask you to. No offense, truly, but I have a terrible memory for them and I won't remember."

That was something that many of his students theorized about, as it turned out. Many thought that it meant the man's brain was just built differently. His mind just clicked much better with magic related things than it did other things, like remembering names, for example. It was a theory that held some weight, but Karin wasn't sure if that was the case. She felt that he could just have a bad memory for names. That wasn't so weird, was it?

"Second of all," Professor Davis continued. "I expect you to participate in class. If I ask a question, I expect an answer. If I give an exercise, I expect to be shown results. Not even good results, but results at all. I expect you to try. If you won't bother, then I won't bother with you. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Professor Davis," the class chorused, earning themselves a nod.

"Now, with that out of the way," Professor Davis said and Karin noticed that he seemed more… at ease than he'd been at the start of the other class. She guessed he wasn't used to teaching back then, but it was interesting to see the difference now. She hadn't noticed before, but maybe it was because she had been nervous too back then. "Are there any people here that already use Ward Magic?" he asked everyone.

Immediately, many hands went up. Considering it was a Ward Magic course, that made some sense. It was unlikely that people that didn't use it would bother. It wasn't like just anyone could add a second or third magic to their repertoire.

Out of the corner of her eye, Karin noticed that their group was now earning a lot of looks. She also saw George fidgeting in place while Meredith seemed to preen at the attention. Truly, quite the contrast her classmates made.

"Hm, good," Professor Davis mumbled then. "Anything in particular you are all waiting to learn here?"

"Is it true that you can cast mobile wards?" someone asked and Karin saw the teacher's eye twitch at that.

"Wards are, inherently, a spell that covers a specific area through the foci, which are wardstones," Professor Davis started explaining, sounding ever so slightly exasperated. "Moving the wardstone or the circle would, essentially, break whatever formula you used for the spell. So, no, a moving ward doesn't, as far as I'm concerned, exist."

"What's the point then, if you can't have it with you?" the student said, and Karin heard Meredith stifle a laugh. Personally, she could relate. It seemed that the class would be taught a lesson that had nothing to do with wards too.

"Well, if you can't see it, then there's no point to you being here, is it? If all you wanted was a… mobile ward," Professor Davis said, grimacing as if those two words were personally offensive to him. "Then there's the door. I can't help you with that."

"Wh- You can't just tell me to leave!"

"I sure can, and I just did. After all, what's the point then, if you aren't interested in wards?" the man replied to the student, raising an eyebrow as he threw the man's words back to him.

"Do you know who I am?"

"No. But even if I did, it would change nothing," Professor Davis said, tilting his head before speaking again. "So, what will it be?" he asked.

The man didn't answer that, but neither did he leave.

He wasn't the brightest person around, evidently, but neither was he an idiot, Karin supposed.

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"This is all I've been able to find so far," she said, pushing the file over her desk towards Joshua. Taking it, the man opened it to scan its contents. "Whatever you want to do with this information, be careful. Hexennacht has been left alone for a reason and it's not only because they are good at hiding."

"... Hm, I'll keep that in mind," the man replied absently, which was a bit worrying. Davis was good, he really was, but Agnes rather doubted he could afford to make enemies like Witches Night. He was good at defense, it was what Ward and Hex Magic were good for. Attacking… not so much. "Thank you for this," the man added, closing the file and turning to give her a smile that seemed more a courtesy rather than anything else.

"With the classes you are giving, Joshua? This is literally nothing at all," Agnes told him with an uneasy smile. She'd have to find some very impressive things to repay the man, truly. She was not joking about that at all. Just the Spell Modification class deserved a whole lot, and now with the Ward Magic one? People from other organizations were throwing favors, money and more at her now to allow their members in those classes. The least she could do was do some of that for Joshua in turn.

"I guess I'll keep that in mind if I need… Actually," he paused, his eyes gaining a new focus to them. "Boons," he said, as if that should tell her all she needed to know… Which it kind of did. Agnes stiffened on her seat. If Joshua meant what she thought he meant then… "Can you get me books about Boon Magic?" he asked.

He did.

Joshua wanted to add Boons to his magical repertoire.

'I pity whoever tries to attack you with home advantage, Joshua,' she thought to herself. With the trinity of static area spells under his belt? Agnes expected that soon enough even gods would hesitate to do anything in regards to Joshua's defenses.

"I can get you some. It's not something that we've dealt with a lot, but I can reach through some contacts and get you some. The Church and such factions have more information, however, and they guard most of it rather zealously," Agnes replied regrettably. It was a shame that the one thing the man asked for, she couldn't get. "You don't ask for simple things, huh?" she added then.

Between information of a rather elusive Stray Magic Association and now books on a branch of magic that was rather exclusive…

Agnes wasn't liking her chances of finding something to pay the man with, all of a sudden. Even less than before, that is.

"That's fine. I think I might get them anyway. I've been making deals with the Church," he said casually. Meanwhile, Agnes' eyes widened. The Church was offering him one of their magics? Just like that? What was he doing for them?

Then again, she'd heard some things regarding that faction that were concerning. If Joshua was involved in that mess and was helping them… Well, depending on how much he did for them, it'd make some sense, she supposed. Regardless… 'You are no regular magician, that's for sure, Joshua.'

"If you can think of anything else you'd want, feel free to ask," Agnes told the man, because any little thing she could do for him would contribute to making it easier for her to pay him for the work he was doing for her association. Who would have thought that she'd one day have trouble for having someone do too good a job for her? Certainly an amusing, if annoying, conundrum.

"I'll keep that in mind," Joshua said, before someone knocked on the door. Looking towards the man questioningly, he only nodded for her to go ahead.

"Come in."

She almost grimaced when she saw Elizabeth walk through the door.

"Waterhouse, Joshua."

"Báthory."

"Elizabeth," the man greeted. It didn't escape Agnes at all that both of them had greeted each other by name. It wasn't so odd for Joshua, since she hadn't introduced Elizabeth to him by surname, but for the woman to call him by first name too? Something was going on there.

"Perfect timing, it seems," Báthory said then, letting out a very smug smile directed at Agnes before snapping her fingers and making a file appear in her hands. "What you asked for, Joshua. I hope it's satisfactory."

The man didn't say anything as he checked over whatever it was that the documents said. Agnes, for her part, was left to wonder what in the world they were talking about. It wasn't often that she was left out of the loop, especially when inside her association, by members of said association. Well, Joshua wasn't a member, but he did work with them rather closely so the point stood.

"Pretty good," the man said then, a half-smile on his face. "I'll see what I can do regarding what you wanted."

"I'd appreciate that, Joshua."

'What am I missing here?' Agnes wondered, frowning. Unfortunately for her, it didn't seem like she'd get any answers. It wasn't like Elizabeth would give her any, if only out of spite. Furthermore, she didn't have the power to make Joshua answer either. Worse, he was the one with all the power over her, at least until she paid him.

'Really have to come up with something, and soon.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, several things are happening here. I know the Serafall scene is kind of… very show focused, but some people seemed to be excited for that back when that was introduced, so I wanted to put some of that in here. With some luck, those that weren't excited for that didn't hate that part too much.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter regardless.

Random Question: Do you listen to stuff throughout your day? If so, what do you hear? I can't live without having some background noise, be it music on spotify or youtube videos or something else.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 229 others
Adrian King
Jul 19, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 94 - Taking Time, Just One Step Forward New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#381
Taking Time, Just One Step Forward

"Sometimes I wonder if Kunou is the only child here," Yasaka mused out loud, drawing a chuckle out of Joshua. She couldn't fool him, after all, especially not with the smile on her face. Besides, she couldn't have made him feel bad no matter what, not with Kunou giggling happily in the air above him.

As it turned out, he'd been talking about one of his experiments with Neutral Rope, one of the few spells he knew from the Neutral branch, with both Kunou and Yasaka. What he'd been trying to do as of late was use the spell to retrieve his thrown daggers. If he could achieve that, then he could pull the weapons back to him and he wouldn't have to worry about throwing either Setan Kober or Carnwennan.

His attempts at doing that had gone pretty well during his training sessions with either the devils or the fallen angels.

Somehow, however, that conversation had ended up as they were now. Joshua laid on the ground facing up, his arms extended towards the ceiling and gesturing this or that way while he grinned widely. Yasaka sat primly at the table with a cup of tea in her hands and a beautiful smile on her face. As for their daughter, Kunou was at the moment floating on the air, held up by Neutral Rope as if she were flying around the room.

"Eh, being childish is more fun," Joshua replied, making Kunou do a loop. "Isn't it?"

"Yeah! Again!" the girl demanded, giggling even more than before.

"Should I come back later?" a new voice asked from the door and Joshua turned slightly to look at Fuyuko.

"I think I'm a little occupied now, maybe you can bring me a refill later?" he answered, smile still in place as he kept an eye out for Kunou. "I'm busy with very serious matters right now, as you can see."

"Indeed," the servant agreed, watching Kunou squeal as he made her do a little twirl in the air. "Yasaka-sama?"

"It's fine. You can come back later, Fuyuko. I think these two will be busy for a while yet," the youkai leader mused, hiding any sign of amusement, even though her face gave her away.

"Dad, I have an idea!" Kunou cried out when the servant left the room and it was just the three of them once more. Joshua was fairly sure the servants already knew how things stood anyway. Kunou wasn't doing a great job at acting her part, even if she usually remembered to call him Joshua in front of others. Not that he was one to talk, really. Hell, he wasn't even sure if the girl hadn't slipped a time or two.

"I'm listening, Kunou."

"Make mom fly too!"

"... What?" Yasaka asked after a stunned moment. "I'm sorry, Kunou, but I think I'll- Joshua!" the woman yelped as a handful of magic threads wrapped around her and pulled her up. "Let me down, right now! Joshua!"

"Come on, mom, we are flying!" Kunou squealed as he made the two of them float around the room together. All the while, Joshua resolutely ignored the glare the youkai leader was sending him. 'Worth it,' he thought, focusing on the beaming expression on his daughter instead.

[}-o-{]​

[Akeno Himejima]

Their peerage had just arrived at Davis' place. Jeanne had warned them as to what they'd find, more for Akeno's sake than anything else, she knew. After all, she was the one that had a real problem with Fallen Angels. Ironic, some people would say, considering she was half-Fallen herself.

Those people didn't understand, of course.

As it was, Akeno had a hard time keeping her calm around a person she knew was an ally to the people she despised. Davis was good for Rias, however. The magician was helping her King – and all of them, really – get stronger so she could face her fiance in order to break off her engagement. The peerage would readily help her with that, and so would Akeno, even if she had nothing but contempt for the Fallen and to a lesser extent for those that were allied with them.

Now though, it seemed that Davis was determined to push her buttons. He had, after all, gone a step further and brought Fallen to his place, and they'd train together, it seemed. Akeno had half a mind to blast the guy with thunder. It was a shame that it was unlikely to be very effective, really.

She felt Rias' concerned gaze on her, but Akeno resolutely ignored her. She could do this. It was no problem. She could ignore Davis and the other Fallen. It was for her best friend's sake. It was even for her own sake, since the whole peerage was very aware of what Rias' engagement with Riser could – and likely would – mean for all of them.

She could put up with them, even if she'd hate every second of it.

As they walked into the training area though, she was met with something unexpected. The sight of Davis smacking around three Fallen. The very first thing her eyes saw, actually, was a blue-haired one being punched into the ground so hard that she coughed out blood. As far as Akeno had seen in training, the man never quite went that hard, unless he hit someone with one of his knives. Even then, more often than not, that kind of thing took the person out so that Asia could treat them.

Not for this fallen, nor the others though, apparently. All three of them looked like they'd been fighting for who knew how long, covered in bruises and cuts. They looked a breath away from falling apart, as Davis continued fighting them, pushing them harder than he'd ever pushed anyone in Rias' peerage or even Sairaorg's. Furthermore, he didn't even look like he cared the smallest bit about how injured the Fallen were.

That was a contrast too, since he usually grimaced when he injured one of his sparring partners. He paused, giving them a moment of rest if not outright taking them out so they could be tended to. Even to her, who had been more than a little unfriendly towards him, Davis offered just the same consideration as he did everyone else.

That courtesy wasn't extended to those Fallen, it seemed.

Discreetly, Akeno glanced towards Jeanne and she noticed no concern or unease in the girl's face. If anything, she seemed darkly amused by the scene in front of them. Looking around, she noticed that she wasn't the only one surprised by the sight before them. The rest of her peerage seemed to have been caught off guard too.

"Is… something the matter?" she heard Rias ask hesitantly.

"No, why?" Jeanne replied, but despite the cluelessness of her question, she seemed to be well aware of what they were asking. "Oh, you mean Joshua's… more harsh approach? You don't have to worry about that," she reassured them, which really didn't answer their actual question though. "Let's just say that Joshua's… angry with them, that's all."

"Angry?"

"These three attacked his uncle and cousins," Jeanne said, her expression darkening. "They are the reason Joshua has no more family actually related to him," she explained, glaring a hole in the three Fallen.

"I… see," Akeno replied, somewhat surprising Jeanne, if the look the blonde gave her was any indication. That was fair, she often remained mostly silent during their visits in order to keep her temper under control. She wasn't focusing on that then and there though. Instead, she just watched Davis kick the blue-haired Fallen away before pulling her back towards him for another hit with a magic rope of some kind. "Didn't know Joshua had a side like this," she pointed out, unsure of how to feel.

One the one hand, it was nice to know that someone could understand what she'd gone through, partly at least. On the other… She still didn't understand why the man kept them around. Then again, from what she knew, Davis made it a point to thoroughly confuse people around him.

"It's difficult to annoy him, but everyone has a limit," Jeanne informed them.

"Indeed," Akeno mumbled as Davis finally seemed to knock the two unconscious. A smile tugged at her lips then. It was certainly a nice sight to see Fallen Angels getting what they deserved, she'd admit.

Maybe Davis wasn't so bad.

[}-o-{]​

[Koneko Toujou]

Everyone was resting after training, like usual.

Everyone but Joshua and Koneko herself. The two of them were trading some light blows between each other, more of a pseudo-kata training rather than actual sparring. Both of them were using Senjutsu though, even if Koneko was fairly sure that it barely counted. Instead of the rush of power that it was supposed to bring, both of them were barely nudging their life energy. It was a closer thing to Life Concentration rather than Life Strengthening.

Despite that, it certainly felt like a big deal to Koneko though. This was, after all, the first time she used Senjutsu since… Since her sister did what she did. She'd have said since her sister went mad due to the art, but Koneko was growing less and less sure about that fact. Joshua had explained things as best he could and Koneko hadn't noticed a single instance of deception in his life energies. Life energy sensing was the one part of Senjutsu she had trained extensively with, after all, since it didn't involve actually messing with the power.

So, unless the man was severely wrong about a lot of things, which he didn't seem to be, then… Then she'd been wrong about Senjutsu. Evidently, she'd had the wrong information regarding what had happened with her sister, and she didn't know how to feel about that. In light of that, she… focused on other things.

One such thing was practicing Senjutsu. She'd been reticent, even with her new insight onto things, but once she'd gotten started that day… It was like she'd been crawling her whole life and finally decided to stand up and walk. Like she'd been doing things wrong since forever, and she could finally do things right. Koneko felt so much more… relaxed, at ease.

Apparently, she felt so good that her control slipped a little, sending more power into a punch than she intended. Joshua caught it with his hand, immediately grimacing as he felt the pain course through his arm. She noticed it both on his face as much as in his energies. As the man pulled his hand back and shook it in the air as if trying to shake off the pain, Koneko went to apologize.

He beat her to it with a somewhat pained chuckle.

"Well, that hurt," he commented, laughing lightly. "Man, it's unfair that you are so good at this. You have any idea how hard it's for me to get the hang of Life Strengthening?" he grumbled, grinning all the while.

"... I'm sorry," she mumbled, looking down a bit.

"Don't worry about it," he said then, waving her off. "It's nice to see you so relaxed now. I told you Senjutsu wasn't as bad as you thought," he told her, smiling softly despite the pain and despite… Everything else. "Must be difficult, after what happened to you."

She hadn't quite told him all that had happened, but she'd told him enough. Koneko wondered how much he'd pieced together and how much he might have asked of others. How much did he know? And, more importantly, did it matter?

If Koneko knew one thing about Joshua Davis, after all, it was that he was good. It was for several reasons that she was so sure of that. For one, he'd been helping Rias with her problems, helped her King feel a lot better despite the difficult situation the Gremory heiress had been placed in. He'd also helped them all, asking for basically nothing and with nothing to gain for himself for the whole thing.

On top of that, she could feel his bonds with his familiars, and the sheer… goodness that flowed through them at all times, but especially when they were close to each other. There was no way anyone that knew anything about Senjutsu wouldn't know that Joshua was nice. It was basically written all over him, in neon signs made of life energy.

"Thank you," Koneko mumbled this time, and she was saying that for a number of reasons. Reasons that Joshua might never know, but she felt like she needed to do it anyway.

"Don't mention it," he told her, smiling brightly at her. "So, you feel like continuing?"

"Hm," she hummed with a nod, getting ready to continue. As they continued their light training, Koneko was reminded of better times with her sister. And, for once, the memories didn't hurt.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

She knew what was coming. Joshua, for once, hadn't tried to stop her. She was grateful for that, if nothing else. Sure, she understood where her brother was coming from. She understood that he was concerned and wanted to shield her from the uglier side of the world they were both part of…

However, she didn't want that. She wanted to walk that path with him. It was the least she could do for him. It was the least she could do to repay some of the things he'd given her.

Joshua had, after all, given her a loving family that she'd craved for most of her life. She'd taken her under his wing and given her everything she'd always hoped for and more. Jeanne, that at the time had been just a random homeless girl as far as he was concerned. He hadn't cared about that though, he just took her in, offered a helping hand and gave her everything she needed and more.

Jeanne would never be able to repay what Joshua had done for her and she knew it. She knew that Joshua was fine with that and to an extent so was she. However, that didn't mean she didn't want to do something in regards to that. The least she could do was offer him the same kindness he'd offered her. A helping hand on the things he needed, just like how he'd helped her.

As far as she was concerned, that was her duty as a sister.

So, as she stood in the middle of their training area, Jeanne concentrated on that. She focused on her desire to help her brother. She focused on the anger that the people that hard hurt him inspired in her. They deserved to be punished for what they had done. Joshua had lost part of his family to them, he'd been hurt because of them, he'd suffered because of them.

Jeanne remembered how he'd arrived after the fact. She remembered the helplessness of realizing what her brother had faced without her. She hadn't been there, and for that, she felt like she'd failed.

So, she wouldn't fail a second time. She'd be there the next time, that much she swore. And she'd deliver judgment onto those that had wronged her brother, her family.

In her hand, a new sword formed, not unlike Healing Gratitude, but with a completely different purpose. No, where one was born of her desire to repay Joshua's kindness, this one was born from her desire to return the animosity that Khaos Brigade had shown her family. And thus, Jeanne knew just what he'd name this particular sword.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He sat on a couch, looking over files that he'd read and re-read a number of times already. He'd studied the content of those documents to the point that he more or less knew everything they said, but he couldn't quite stop doing so again and again. They'd lead to something that he wanted to be ready for. Things needed to go well, after all. There was no room for half-assing things.

Cheshire climbed on his lap, pushing on the files. Joshua couldn't bring himself to be angry about that, however. Instead, he set the papers to the side and petted the cat on top of her head. He got the message loud and clear, especially when Margalo landed on his shoulder and Morag pulled affectionately at his hair from the back of the couch. He shared a fond look with Nagini, who was curled up on the seat next to him.

Then, Joshua looked to the other side, where the three Fallen stood, almost at attention. They were stiff, afraid, nervous… As well they should. He had no lost love for them, especially Kalawarna. Mittelt and Raynare might have been given a measure of good will from him, but he had no delusions of how they were. They were not nice. The only reason they were listening to him was because he had all the power, literally and metaphorically.

If they could have gotten away with stabbing him in the back, they would have. Well, Kalawarna would have. Mittelt might have given it some thought, he was pretty sure. After all, he was giving her the chance to get revenge on those that had thrown her to the wolves. Raynare… was somewhere in the middle of those two, if he was reading things well, which was a bit surprising.

Regardless though, he didn't trust any of them, at all. He'd have as many eyes on them as he could possibly have. He had also prepared a number of plans in case they got any ideas too. No, he was giving them as much trust as they deserved, which meant none at all.

Still, he found himself slightly amused as he looked at them. He felt them grow more and more impatient while they waited, but none would voice their thoughts. They were too scared of his power and the power he'd been given by their higher ups to ever actually say anything to him. No, instead, they'd content themselves cursing him in the privacy of their minds, he was sure.

With a sigh, he went to stand up, Cheshire jumping down to walk beside him, now in lynx form. Morag, for her part, jumped on his back. His sudden movement seemed to make all three Fallen stand up straighter, which was more than a little amusing. Joshua looked at them for a long moment before speaking.

"I hope you are ready," he said, receiving nothing but a tight nod from all three of them. That was fine, he didn't have them around for their conversation capabilities, after all. "Come along," he said, nodding for them to follow as he made his way towards the teleportation circle he'd set up for the occasion.

"We are finally going then?" Jeanne asked, falling into step as they moved through the house. He'd have preferred not to have her going with them but… It wouldn't precisely be fair on her, really. She was as pissed with Khaos Brigade as he was, after all, and he didn't want to take her revenge away from her.

Coddling her would only be harmful anyway, he was sure. It was better for her to get experience, preferably where he could keep his eyes on her. It wasn't an ideal situation, but then again, when did he ever get an ideal situation regarding anything? The supernatural world wasn't that kind, he knew, and he needed to accept that.

As he walked, he picked up the notebook he'd prepared for the night, filled with circle drawings, wardstones and hex foci. It had taken some time to set it up as necessary, with all the ward and hex circles ready to appear fully in place. Their foci would work much the same, all of them falling into place. Furthermore, he'd tinkered with the thing until he'd found the set up that he could cast in a matter of seconds.

It would take a bit for it to power up, but that was fine. He'd accounted for anything that could go wrong, even the most unlikely of things. That was what he was good at, covering all the bases. All possibilities had been taken into account, for the safety of his sister and his familiars. The Fallen he could care less about, but it wouldn't do for them to die just yet. No, they had to kick Kokabiel's ass first, if only because he knew that'd hit extra hard, possibly even harder than him doing that himself.

He was definitely petty enough to do that.

The fucking bastard deserved that and worse. If Joshua could get away with it, the Fallen would suffer a whole lot more than a very humiliating defeat by the hand of those he considered inferior. Kalawarna might have escaped his experiments, but Kokabiel? That bastard would suffer, if Joshua had anything to say on the matter.

The Fallen trio might have been there to kill his family, but Kokabiel had done the same and almost succeded. That meant something, as far as Joshua was concerned. On top of that, while the three might not have cared for their subordinates, they hadn't backstabbed them like the Cadre had. All because of his sick, warmongering ways. If he'd had half a decent reason for his bullshit, Joshua might have considered giving him a chance too…

As it was, the trio of Fallen Angels had been given a chance simply because he didn't know much about them. He didn't remember their reasons, if they had ever been explained. He wasn't aware of anything regarding them. So… he'd find out.

Besides, in regards to the Fallen group behind him, all he'd done was give them a chance…

A chance he was sure they'd fail at…

"I hope everyone's ready," he said once they were all standing on top of the teleportation circle. He didn't wait for a voiced answer, picking up on those before they were even spoken. His sensing was getting better, and that was without even taking into account the many wards and hexes he had placed around his home.

With a snap of his fingers, the spell activated and they disappeared and appeared somewhere else entirely.

In front of them was their destination, but Joshua didn't dwell on that. Instead, he immediately cast the storage spell on his notebook to make the drawn circles appear on the ground in front of him. That was followed by a second one that set up the foci. With no pause whatsoever, he moved around. He'd practiced for the whole thing to take merely seconds before the spells were cast.

Their targets had noticed, of course, but that didn't matter. It was already too late for them. There was literally nothing they could do to get away after that was done, except maybe kill them all.

Which they wouldn't be able to do.

With his wards and hexes cast, Joshua walked forward, summoning Setan Kober and Carnwennan from their storage spell. Both weapons eagerly appeared in his hands, feeling to him like giddy children hopping on their feet waiting for candy. It was an amusing sight, especially to see both be completely in agreement. However, that would have been a much more humorous thing if he weren't more focused on what was about to happen.

Jeanne walked to his right, summoning a sword that gave him pause. She seemed to notice, because she gave him a smile that managed to be both proud and sad. Giving the sword a slight swing, he regarded him again.

"Relentless Justice," she said simply and he looked at her for a long moment before giving her a tight smile in return. Both of them nodded, continuing to walk as his familiars moved around. Behind the two, all three of the Fallen took flight, their black wings batting away and creating a breeze that seemed to push them forward.

"Fitting," he said then, as the first of the magicians came out of their base. "Guess I'm not the only one that prepared some new tricks for this," he mused idly as he continued walking.

"You came to the wrong place!" a foolish idiot exclaimed from the crowd that gathered in front of them. They raised their hands, staffs, wands and so on. Circles appeared, threatening them, some with a surprisingly high amount of power. Joshua was unconcerned though, and thus so were his familiars and Jeanne. The Fallen grew slightly nervous, but these magicians – humans, most of them – were considered beneath them, so they refrained from showing any apprehension.

The attacks finally snapped forward. There was a bit of everything in the mix. There was fire, water, ice, lightning, neutral, and so many other magics. In the face of all that, Joshua only raised his hand.

And then he snapped his fingers.

In a bright flash of light, his latest project, Project Law, showed its might.

In a split second, the attacks went from flying at him to flying away from him. All of them seemed to twist in place, instead going back towards their casters. After all, they were all within his wards, and within his wards, Joshua was the strongest. Certainly stronger than those magicians, and he'd make sure they all found out about that.

These magicians.

Hexennacht.

Khaos Brigade.

All of them would know, soon enough.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

And our boy, Joshua, takes a step forward and becomes more proactive. Will it be a one time thing like before with the Khaos Brigade base or will this be the start of something larger?... I don't know, so if anyone does, feel free to tell me.

… Stupid characters.

Anyway, I hope you liked the chapter!

Random Question: What color are your eyes? Mine are boring brown.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, Shadowrose007 and 230 others
Adrian King
Jul 20, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 95 - Ain’t No Mercy for the Heartless New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#382
Ain't No Mercy for the Heartless

[Raynare]

She couldn't believe what she'd been reduced to. The attack dog of a human, of all things. She was aware, to her dismay and her disgust, that she'd been barely more than that before too, but at least then she'd served people stronger than her, people higher than her. The Cadre of Grigori were who she admired, who she wanted to be.

There she was, however, obeying the orders of a human magician. It was all his fault, for having asked them to join – forced them, really, considering their alternatives – him in his mad quest against Khaos Brigade and Kokabiel. It was Khaos Brigade's fault for dragging her into the whole mess. It was Kokabiel's fault for betraying Grigori, deceiving them all and then backstabbing them.

It was her fault too, she'd admit, if only in the privacy of her own mind, for having so readily followed dubious orders.

How Raynare hated the whole situation couldn't be put to words, truly. There was nothing to do but to continue on, however. There was no way out of things for her nor for her fellow Fallen. Although, truth be told, she cared very little for Mittelt and Kalawarna, especially so in the latter's case.

Furthermore, the only reason she'd been spared a terrible fate was the pettiness of Davis. If the human magician hadn't decided that it sounded very nice for Kokabiel to be defeated by those he'd discarded as useless, then she'd probably be in some forsaken pit in the prisons of Grigori, if she was lucky. She was, reluctantly, grateful for the opportunity to at least try and give her previous leader a piece of her mind.

She still rather doubted that she'd reach the level required to do that, but she appreciated the chance, if nothing else. Moreover, there was a very real chance that Davis would achieve that himself if they failed, and if she could be there to watch the man cut Kokabiel to pieces with his daggers? Then she'd be a very happy Fallen… Until she was thrown in the aforementioned prison cell, that is.

Because she was under no delusions that Davis would throw all three of them to the wolves once his petty revenge plan was over, successfully or not. Once Kokabiel was dealt with, there'd be no reason for Raynare and the other two to be around. At least, unless he wanted test subjects for his experiments.

Mittelt and her had asked Kalawarna what was up with that once. Their backstabber of an ally hadn't answered, but the look on her pale, sweating face and the way her whole body trembled spoke more than she could have ever told them. Raynare was very, very determined not to find out what was up with that. If she had any say in the matter, she'd be dead before she was put in that position.

Davis, they had learned, after all, was a very kind human… To those that weren't his enemies. The three of them, however, fell right outside of that range. There was no kindness for them… most of the time. At times, when the human relaxed, they'd see a glimpse of what others got all the time. However, those were few and far between. Instead, they were mostly under the eye of a cold, harsh person that cared not for them at all. All he cared about was training them to get better, to be stronger, for his own ends.

And oh was it effective.

As Raynare brought one of her hands up and formed a light shield in front of her, she considered that. The spell of one of the poor, unfortunate souls that were their targets hit against her protection and fizzled out. It hadn't been very strong, but Raynare was very aware that her shield, rushed and with little power behind it, should have at least trembled, if not cracked a little.

At least, it would have, if it had been her old self that had cast it.

Instead, she had some time under the unforgiving training of one Joshua Davis, a human magician. Somehow, the man had managed to get results out of her that would have taken her years if not more to get. Under his harsh wards and hexes, sparring against his surprisingly dexterous self, Davis had proved that he could, maybe back up all his talk.

A light spear impaled the man that had dared attack her, and she saw a woman to her side fall with a dagger between her eyes. A tendril of magic reached for the blade's handle then, pulling the weapon back to its wielder. Raynare, idly, noticed that Davis wasn't doing a whole lot of fighting. Instead, staying back and watching as the Fallen, his familiars and his sister fought instead.

Begrudgingly, Raynare would admit that the magicians of Hexennacht were probably beneath his notice. Even more than they were hers, which was saying something. Thus, it made a certain amount of sense for the man to stay back and watch over his "forces" as it were. He only stepped in whenever there was someone attacking from one of their blind spots, mostly.

Sometimes, he'd make an exception when it came to the Fallen, but that was expected, Raynare knew.

He'd probably call it extra training.

The bastard.

"Head in the game, Raynare," she heard the man tell her then. She so wanted to snap something at him, but that was before she saw, out of the corner of her eyes, a dagger fly at her. She's not proud of the fact that she froze at incoming weapon, eyes wide and face paling. The blade went past her, however, and she heard the strangled cry of a human falling victim of the thing.

Sure enough, when she turned around, she saw a magician with the Demonic dagger sticking out of their chest.

"It's too early for you to die," she heard Davis say as another rope of magic wrapped around the handle of the knife and pulled it back to its wielder. "Focus, will you? I don't think you are this incompetent."

She gritted her teeth at that, or she would have, if her mind hadn't focused on the implied message from before.

"It's too early for you to die," he'd said.

Meaning sometime in the future, it wouldn't be.

Raynare really wished he'd find a way to make that statement more… permanent.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"You good?" he asked softly, standing next to Jeanne. Her blade, Relentless Justice, was covered in blood and so were her boots. There were even spots of red and burgundy on her clothes and skin here and there.

"I'm fine," she said, wiping her cheek with her forearm. "Really," she insisted at his raised eyebrow.

"It's fine if you are not, you know?" he reassured, placing a hand on her shoulder. He could feel she wasn't fine, after all. "We can talk about this back home, get something nice and warm for you to drink too. It should help, yeah?"

"... Yeah, that sounds… nice," she mumbled, looking around her. "I really don't feel as bad as… I expected… or should…"

"You didn't enjoy it, I know you didn't," Joshua pointed out to her. "That's the important part. Besides that… Maybe it's terrible of me, but I'm glad you didn't break down because of this."

"I guess I… get what you mean," she replied, her voice low. Margalo chose that moment to dive down and perch herself on the girl's shoulder. "Hey there, Margalo… Here to keep me company?" Jeanne asked, her lips pulling up into a smile that didn't reach her eyes. That is, until the bird started singing. "Thanks."

"Keep her company, yeah?" Joshua asked his familiar, receiving an eager chirp in response. With a slight smile and a nod, he turned to look to the side. "Serafall will be here in a bit. Once everything's taken care of, we can go back home, yeah?"

"Sure, I'll just… get away from all this," Jeanne replied, waving her hand vaguely at their surroundings. Considering there were corpses everywhere, he thought he could understand why she'd want to move away. "Hey there," his sister greeted then, as Morag jumped on her back as she walked.

Joshua just watched the three of them walking further and further. Next to him, Cheshire settled herself, somehow having avoided staining herself with any blood. An accomplishment if he'd ever seen one, considering there wasn't a single other member of their group that could say the same. As for Nagini, she was coiled not too far away, watching them intently. Joshua dutifully ignored the odd shape of her body in certain parts.

He didn't even want to think about why there was a person-sized distortion on his snake familiar's body.

He really didn't.

Cheshire meowed then and he sighed.

"Yeah, I'll get to it," he muttered under his breath as he started walking. His feline familiar, in tiger form still, followed suit. As he moved, Joshua's eyes found the Fallen Angels, who seemed to idly look for any Hexennacht survivors. There weren't any, but he imagined it was more to avoid just awkwardly standing around, maybe even to earn themselves some brownie points.

As if it'd be so easy.

"Come here," Joshua called. His voice was kept at a normal tone, but the Fallen heard him regardless. Immediately, all three of them stood to his left side in a line. Turning his head slightly, he looked them up and down. "You are worse off than I thought you'd be," he told them.

Mittelt was the one that did the best out of the three of them. Maybe that was expected, considering her sensing abilities. Regardless, there was a bit of a scratch on her calf and her gothic attire was singed here and there. Otherwise, she seemed to be fine… Although, she was the one that was the most tired.

Raynare still had plenty of energy in the tank, it seemed, but she had cuts, burns and bruises in some places. Nothing too bad, but all in all, it didn't afford her any points for appearance, that was for sure. She was also the one that took his words the worst, in terms of tempter. While Mittelt at least tried to appear indifferent, Raynare's hands had balled into fists.

And then there was Kalawarna. She paled considerably after he spoke, which belied how terrified she was that he'd change his mind about giving her a chance. A semblance of one as it might have been. On top of that rather sad – read, pathetic – display, she was also the most injured. Her right arm had a deep gash on it that sent a trail of blood down to her fingers and the ground. Her right thigh had a huge bruise on it too, together with a second one in her left calf that while not as impressive, certainly added to the image. Her clothes weren't destroyed, really, but they were rather dirty too.

"Someone needs to catch up," he commented, giving the last Fallen an unimpressed look. Idly, he noticed that the other two were happy to not be the ones to receive any extra criticizing. "I guess I need to up your training… for all three of you," he added then, turning away from the Fallen.

He didn't need to look at them to know that Raynare and Mittelt were glaring at Kalawarna. Call him petty, but Joshua didn't feel like pulling any punches with the woman. He'd barely scrapped enough pity to not experiment on her with his spells. That was as much as he'd give her though, nothing else.

He refused to give any forgiveness to those that had taken his family away from him.

No, fuck them.

It was also why he was pleading that they'd mess up. He was waiting for one of them to step past the line and earn themselves some punishment. Any of the three would do, but he'd rather it be Kalawarna. Unfortunately, they were either smart or scared enough to not do so.

A shame, really.

He was distracted from those thoughts as a screen appeared in front of his face.

[Quest Complet: Raid a Hexennacht Base

Rewards:

+2 Levels to all Stats

+2 Levels to Ward Magic

+2 Levels to Hex Magic

+2 Levels to Dagger Mastery

+2 Levels to Throwing Weapon Mastery]

'Not the best prizes in the world, but I'll take them,' he mused after reading that message. Truly, the rewards were good, but they were nothing to get excited over. No perks, no titles, no new skills. Not even good numbers on the increases he got. It was nice, but it wasn't crazy nice.

'Anything's better than nothing,' he decided with a mental shrug. Taking a deep breath in and sighing, he looked around again. He didn't think he'd ever come to like doing things like this, even without all the killing that only made things worse. He just wasn't like that, Joshua supposed. 'Still, a solid blow, if I do say so myself.'

'The first of many,' he added in his mind with a half-smile that held no mirth behind it. There'd be information in the base for him to use, most probably. Even if there wasn't, there was quite a bit on the files he'd been given by Agnes and Elizabeth. He was pretty sure he could piece together the location of another base or two and surely he'd find some other trail to follow by then.

'Speaking of Elizabeth…' he thought then, tilting his head as he took a hold of the Charm, which was always hanging from one of his belt loops. 'What do you guys think?' he asked, directly to the gods that seemed to have nothing to do other than peek into his life.

Either they were terribly bored or he was terribly interesting.

He was fairly sure it was the former though.

There was a sudden scandalized wave of annoyance from three different sources that was highly amusing for Joshua. Maybe he shouldn't have found it so funny to have gods be annoyed at him, but really… He just couldn't help himself. Maybe he'd grown used to their detached help and interest in which they hardly interacted with him, but he just didn't see them as all that dangerous… Except maybe Set, he supposed.

The grudgingly pleased feeling he got made him know that the Chaos God appreciated being given that modicum of respect. Which didn't really make him stand out from the others, really. It was just that Joshua guessed he was the least reasonable. Although, if Nephthys gave him another can of beer every so often, then she'd definitely become his favorite.

It was such a damn good beer, after all.

Joshua blinked as a can of that very same drink appeared in the air in front of him. Catching it, he regarded the item for a long moment before shrugging and opening it. He felt like he needed one after the shitshow he'd been part of. Nevermind the shitshow that was still coming his way.

'So, you guys think Báthory earned herself some Senjutsu or nah?' he asked his tagalong gods. None of them appreciated the descriptor, but at least Nephthys was still relishing the praise for her beer. Beer that was already being drunk too.

They answered a moment later, after either thinking it over or discussing it amongst themselves. All three of the gods seemed to think it was a no, for now at least. 'Is it even a possibility for her if I keep doing this? I can't string her along forever if you guys are never going to agree,' he told them then. Nephthys seemed pretty sure that the woman could earn the knowledge with some effort. Shed was reluctant, but also seemed to agree it could happen. Set, not so much, but he had a feeling that the Chaos God didn't care all that much in the first place.

He was just a meanie, as Kunou would say.

Joshua dutifully ignored the scandalized feeling he got through the Charm and set it back on his belt loop. He considered how to approach the Elizabeth issue then. He wasn't sure how pleased the woman would be if he told her what her chances looked like. She'd felt awfully eager and almost desperate when they'd struck their deal, but maybe she thought it wouldn't be that difficult to get Senjutsu from him?

Regardless, he needed that in for the information on Hexennacht, and he also might need that for other things. It'd pay to have a contact on the shady side of things, he was sure. That's why he didn't want to sour things with the magician, even if he was very wary of her.

'Gonna have to be careful how I play that,' he mused. If all else failed, maybe he could pull some strings with the Youkai, but he didn't want to have to do that. He was pretty sure he couldn't classify Báthory as good, so he didn't want to drag Yasaka into anything. The Egyptian gods, for their part…

It wasn't that Joshua didn't care, but more that he was… less attached to them. He wasn't as torn about asking for them to get involved with less than savory things. Besides, they were basically in his head, at least when he thought things related to them. He was sure he couldn't fool them into anything if he tried.

Which was confirmed by a mental scoff from Set. Apparently, none of them were overly concerned in regards to what he was thinking, which was nice. Joshua was still waiting for the other shoe to drop with them though. Surely they wanted something out of all the blessings they were giving him, right?

The amusement they sent his way wasn't very reassuring… at all.

Fortunately, he didn't have much time to ponder on that, because a circle appeared not too far away from him. Several circles, actually, teleportation ones. A second later, there were a bunch of devils facing the carnage that was left of the Hexennacht base.

Joshua had to wonder why he wasn't bothered by that in any way.

"Joshua!" Serafall called, almost excitedly as she skipped her way towards him, as if his trainers and jeans weren't half covered in blood and there weren't a considerable trail of death in his wake. 'Maybe I need more normal friends,' he considered for a moment. Cheshire let out a sound he was sure was a laugh. 'Yeah, not gonna happen, I know.'

"Serafall, you brought more people than I thought," he commented idly as the woman gave him a quick hug. He barely returned it, one because it was just that quick, and two because… Well, he wasn't used to those. "I hope it's not too much of a bother to do this."

"Not at all, I told you," the woman waved him off. "And I brought some more people to check over the place and take care of things. I know you were going to do that, but I don't want you to," she said, giving a serious hum that one would expect a child to do rather than an adult, pout and all.

"Well, I, uh… Appreciate it?" he replied hesitantly.

"It's fine. We sort of owe you for taking care of them. They were close to our territory, after all," Serafall waved him off, again. "I hope you don't mind if I take credit for this? It'll make things go more smoothly on the side of the devil that owns the territory close by."

"Sure thing," he agreed easily with a shrug. "Guessing it wouldn't help much whenever the Phenex thing happens?" he asked then, looking to the side, where the devils were starting to work. They seemed to eye the Fallen warily, but Jeanne and the rest of his familiars were fine, apparently.

"It probably could, but if you still want to approach things as you said, then it won't be necessary," Serafall told him then, giving him an exaggerated thoughtful look. "And if it comes to that, I'll have your back, Joshua, don't you worry."

"I already feel better then," he said, meaning it. It was very reassuring to know that there was someone much more experienced and powerful looking out for him. He was sure he'd screw things up somehow, and it'd be nice to have someone have his back when it happened.

"As you should," the woman said, nodding with a very smug look on her face. Then she seemed to see the trio of Fallen standing off to the side. The change in her expression spoke volumes.

"You still don't like them, huh?" Joshua asked, drawing a scoff from the Satan.

"Not at all," she huffed. "I still can't believe you are letting them go without punishment for what they did."

"Who said anything about not punishing them?" he said, raising an eyebrow as he regarded the three women with a lazy smile. "Oh, no, I'll have them paying me back until I'm satisfied. Honestly, I expect them to mess up long before that, so I can deliver some more punishment without feeling bad," he explained, taking a sip from his can of beer that seemed to stay cold even as time passed.

That was neat.

"Hmmm, if you say so," Serafall mumbled, narrowing her eyes at him. "You are not doing this because you like them or something, then?" she asked, making him spit out the beer.

"W-The fuck did that come from?" Joshua asked her, baffled. "No! I mean, the bar's pretty low, but I think I can do a little better than women that tried to kill me and my family. Honestly, what the fuck, Serafall?"

"Hmm," she hummed, still not looking quite sure. If anything, she added a frown on top of that that had him blinking. What was up with her all of a sudden? "You sure?"

"Yes, Serafall. Honestly. Do I look that desperate?... Actually, I don't think I want an answer to that," he mumbled, a little disturbed that she'd even thought that a possibility. "... Wait, are you messing with me?" he asked, and it was his turn to narrow his eyes at her.

"... No?"

Joshua just sighed as she giggled.

"Now, seriously," Serafall said then, as she got her laughter under control. Quite honestly, he rather doubted she'd actually be serious. He should have known better before too, really. "What's that about a low bar?" Or maybe not?

"Do you know me?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at her. "I mean, I'm not ugly, but that's not saying much," he counted with a roll of his eyes when she just stared at him. "I'm also terribly socially awkward, in case you hadn't noticed."

"But that's one of your endearing traits, Joshua," she argued, making him blink and give her a confused expression. "Really? What's up with the doubt? I'm hurt, Joshua, hurt."

"Sure thing," he said with a wry smile as he brought the beer can to his lips again. "Anyway, I think this isn't quite the time or place to talk about my love life, or lack thereof," he added then, wondering when his life had become one where he could have such a conversation with absolute carnage still within sight,

"Hmmmmmmmmm," she hummed, pursing her lips. "I'll remember this, Joshua. This conversation isn't over."

"Is that a threat? Because if it is, then consider me properly threatened," he commented, not even joking. "Can I bribe you with a chocolate cake?"

"... With strawberries?"

"And whipped cream, lots of both," he promised with a nod and a grin.

"What were we talking about again?" Serafall asked then, drawing a laugh out of him.

"About how this went rather well and I'll probably do something like this again?" he suggested, still chuckling before taking another sip from his drink. "I'll have to be more careful with each attack though. Don't want to fall into a trap, after all."

"Yes, yes, I can't lose my co-star, after all!"

"I think calling me a co-star is a bit of a stretch, Serafall. I've barely appeared in a handful of chapters so far," Joshua pointed out.

"I meant what I said."

"Sure, I guess," he replied, rolling his eyes.

If he'd paid attention, he'd have noticed the rather intent look Serafall was giving him.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Maybe this isn't the action chapter you guys expected or wanted but… Well, GoM doesn't seem to be that kind of story, apparently. From what I'm seeing as I continue writing this, action is just not a focus of the story and not even a very relevant part of it. I don't even feel like it really matters that I skipped most of the fighting and such, really.

It's just not that important, I guess, and I think it kinda reflects that it's also not important for Joshua's story, since he's not a violent person at all, despite what he does on occasions such as this one. Or, that's my opinion on things, at least. If you guys have other thoughts on the matter, I'd be happy to hear them.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How do you think the tale of these very unfortunate three Fallen Angels is going to go?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 226 others
Adrian King
Jul 20, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 96 - You’ve Got a Lot to Learn New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#384
You've Got a Lot to Learn

[Students of Davis]

"Ultimately, a lot of magic branches dip into others from time to time," their teacher explained, drawing a simple circle on the board. "Take, for example, Neutral Magic," he continued, writing the name of that particular branch inside the circle before proceeding to draw another that overlapped the first. "Now, can anyone tell me what can go here?" the man asked, turning to look at them as he waved his hand casually and casted a spell, the circle shining with the dull grayish-blue light of Neutral Magic.

"Shield Magic?" Meredith Ordinton answered, to the surprise of absolutely no one. If there were people that interacted the most in Davis' class, everyone had learned that it was his group of star students. The ones that had earned themselves a spot in the class from the teacher himself.

Nobody could really begrudge this fact too much, at least not rationally. They were the ones most committed to the class, always answering questions, always asking questions and always ready to discuss any and all topics that were brought up. On top of that, they did well, even though Warding wasn't even their main branch. It was galling as much as it was humbling for most of the other students.

"Exactly. And then Shield Magic can bleed, for example, into the Shield Ward," Davis explained, continuing with his seemingly improvised Venn diagram. "Does that answer your question as to why people should look into branches that aren't their own? Even if they aren't actually looking to add it to their repertoire as a secondary branch, anyone can benefit from learning about other branches. Magic is interconnected enough that maybe you'll find inspiration in other branches. Some calculation that you hadn't expected, something that would fit your branch or maybe even something that will click with you and pull you to add even more to your arsenal even if it wasn't what you were trying to do."

There was silence then, as Davis stared at the man that had asked that question. A man that looked thoroughly tempted to continue arguing, even though his doubts and criticism had been destroyed completely. Besides, many of the other students didn't understand what was the point of trying to antagonize the teacher.

Davis was a man that cared not for who you were and who was behind you. On top of that, there was already a very well-known story about what happened if one got on the man's bad side. Many would have dismissed those as mere rumors, of course, if not for the very obvious reaction that most members of Golden Dawn had whenever the man addressed them or even stood close by.

"I'm waiting," Davis urged when his question went unanswered, still staring straight at the student. A man that looked thoroughly uncomfortable under the focused gaze of their teacher. Not that anyone blamed him, it was a little unnerving even for those that weren't the ones suffering from it.

The snake on the corner of the room adding her own glare to things didn't help either.

"It does answer my question, Professor Davis. Thank you," the student answered eventually, looking to all the world like he'd had to force the words out of his mouth. Unbothered by this, their teacher nodded and turned to address the whole classroom once more.

"Good. Now, any other questions regarding this? Anything to say on the matter?" he asked then.

"Ah, can you give me a second, Professor Davis?" someone called from the back of the classroom, making some people turn to see a student furiously writing down things on their notes. The rest of them paused then, blinked and then turned to do so too quickly.

"Sure thing," Davis replied, apparently amused by the sight of his furiously scribbling students. With a shake of his head, the man then moved to where his familiar was coiled, rubbing the top of the snake's head softly while they both waited for everyone to be ready again. It wasn't a long pause, but most people in the room appreciated it nevertheless.

Most other teachers wouldn't have cared enough to give them time to note things down if they hadn't done so before. Not Professor Davis, however. If there was one thing that was said about the man, it was that he was a good teacher. One of the best, if not the best, as far as magicians were concerned. He was good at what he did, he was patient with them and he cared that they actually learn.

A combination that both of his classes weren't sure was repeated on anyone else.

"Now, with that out of the way," Professor Davis started then, when the sound of writing died down. "We move back to what we were talking about previously," he announced, snapping his fingers and making what he'd written on the board disappear instantly. "We've gone over the basic theory of Ward Magic already, common calculations, uses, wardstone assessment and so on. Thus, we can move on to actual warding."

There was a subtle shift in the class then and there. Some sat up straighter, some leaned forward, some readied their writing tools. The foundations had been laid, it seemed. It was time for them to actually get started on what they were there for.

"The first ward we'll work with is the Detection Ward," Davis announced. "It's one of the easier ones, it's useful and it's – in my opinion the most important part – very versatile once you get how to modify it. Now, I know most of you aren't in my Spell Modification class, but that won't stop me from giving you an abridged version for some of the spells in this course."

If there was any doubt in any of the student's minds, then those were dashed at that very moment. There was nothing anyone could tell them that would change their opinion on things from then on. Not after hearing such a statement said so casually.

Professor Davis was the best.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Dealing with the Phoenix Spell's issues was a pain in the ass, but at least the foundations were there. Taking care of one problem usually made a few others appear, but they became smaller every time, easier to deal with. One by one, he was taking care of everything, making the spell more energy efficient, attuning it to a more general target instead of just himself, making the impact on the foci softer and many other things. A lot of work was needed, but the finish line was in sight even if a little blurred.

He still wasn't sure if he could manage to finish it before the Phenex decided to speed up the wedding though. He had around a month at best, if his guess of where he was in the timeline wasn't wrong. He'd have two if the Gremory managed to stall better than in canon, with a better and more reliable solution to their problem in him and Rias' training.

All in all, things were looking good, if not quite as much as they all hoped.

Tapping his pencil against the notebook he'd been working on, Joshua let out a breath as he let his focus slip. Burn out was a real thing, and he didn't want to have to deal with that. That was why instead of forcing himself to focus on his work, he often let his mind wander. He found that a short break here and there helped a lot, so he tried to take some time off for those.

Idly, he let his mind check on the feedback he was getting on his house's wards and hexes. He hadn't been alerted of anything though, and sure enough, there was little of note going on there. Asia seemed to be studying instead of being in the garden. With the prospect of school in sight, the girl had thrown herself into preparations for that, which was cute as much as it was impressive. Margalo was keeping an eye on her too, just in case, it seemed.

The Fallen, for their part, were training. Kalawarna because she didn't want to be left behind and suffer the worst of his training, and Raynare and Mittelt because they didn't want to let the former catch up to them. They were spiteful and proud little shits, and as such they wanted the traitor to suffer while also keeping themselves on top. Joshua cared little for them, but he found it somewhat amusing and what the latter two were doing helped him take out his frustrations on Kalawarna, so he guessed it worked out.

Bleeding heart, he might be, but Kalawarna was part of the organization that had screwed him over more than once. Some might call him petty or something along those lines, but Joshua cared little. He still wanted the bitch to regret what she'd done, along with the rest of the wretched organization.

'Never should have given her time to beg,' he lamented with a sigh. Really, it was his own fault that he'd faltered. It had felt awful throughout the whole process but… But they deserved whatever they got… He just… He just didn't have in him to torture them, even for the sake of learning.

Did that make him weak? A coward? Both?

He supposed it might, but that was him. Thus, the Season Projects had been moved from home testing to field testing. Next time he hit one of Hexxennacht's bases, he'd hit them with one of those to check how they worked. It'd need more work and more wards in place, but if the last attack was any indication, it'd be easy. Even if the magicians were more prepared, he was confident.

After all, he'd barely had to do anything during the last attack and it wasn't like they weren't preparing too. The Fallen got stronger by the day, same as him and Jeanne and his familiars. A few more wards and hexes shouldn't be a problem.

'On that note, maybe I can do something to improve on that,' he mused. His train of thought shifted then, from idle thoughts to working thoughts. 'I already use Draining Wards and Parasitizing Hexes to fuel other spells, could I have some that cast spells? Can I have spells that do other things automatically? Can I…?'

His mind ground to a halt as an idea occurred to him.

With a snap of his fingers, he made a blank notebook appear next to the one he'd been working on previously. Quickly, he wrote down a title on the first page before pouring this new project's concept into the paper. He looked at it intently after he was done. This was a big project, not unlike the Phoenix Spell or the Everchanging Spell.

Hell, maybe he could mix the latter into things? After all, the idea of making a spell that was always shifting how it worked, so it was unpredictable and unbreachable… That worked well with what he had in mind, right?

"Joshua?" a voice asked from his side, making him blink and turn to look at Kunou. His daughter gazed at him with wide, hopeful eyes that made his heart twist and his lips tug into a smile. "Fuyuko brought our tea," she informed him and his eyes traveled towards the door. Sure enough, the youkai servant stood there with a tray in her hands.

Both, the yuki-onna and Joshua shared a roll of their eyes.

With an exasperated expression the man snapped his fingers and, in a flash of light, their cups appeared on the table. As expected, Kunou reacted to this with all the calm of a little girl that had gotten what she wanted and was properly delighted with that fact. She clapped lightly, beaming all the while.

"You should never have set that ward around this place, Joshua-sama," Fuyuko told him and he shrugged, even as he lamented that fact. It was too late to change the past, sadly.

"Don't I know it, Fuyuko?" Joshua replied with a sigh. 'Project Law, the Switch and Teleportation Wards, a fearsome weapon, turned into entertainment for my daughter… Guess it's not so bad though,' he decided quickly when he regarded the girl once more. She was happy, and that was all that mattered to him in the end.

"Only yourself to blame, Joshua," Yasaka told him from where she sat across the table in front of him. She was working on her own stuff, actually, an array of papers set in front of her as she looked them over. Quite the sight the three of them must have made, with books, notebooks and sheets of paper in front of them, all working on their own things. Joshua couldn't say he disliked the picture, however. "Only yourself to blame," the woman repeated, looking up and giving Kunou and him a kind smile that made him return the gesture.

"Sure, gang up on me, why don't you? I didn't see you disagreeing when I brought it up and was setting it," he commented.

"I don't know what you are talking about," she denied smoothly, lying through her teeth.

"Sure you don't," he commented wryly. Then he blinked as the expression on Yasaka's face turned sour. "Something the matter?" he asked curiously, tilting his head.

"Nothing to concern yourself with," she replied, waving him off lightly. "Just a prominent family that has… problems to deal with. Their heir seems to have fallen ill, a magical malady. Normally, these are no problem for us, with Senjutsu, but from time to time we come across something more stubborn, leaning more towards magic than nature. It's always difficult to deal with," she explained to him, making him hum. That sounded like a problem, but he wasn't quite getting why it was her concern. "They are calling a favor and I'll have to call one to have this solved in turn," she said, pursing her lips.

To that, he blinked.

"Can I see that?" he asked, and it was Yasaka's turn to be caught off guard. "You know what I'm working on, right?" he added, raising an eyebrow. The Phoenix Spell had afforded him quite a well of knowledge when it came to healing, after all.

"I'm well aware of how good you are with your magic of choice, Joshua, but I think this is a little out of your area of expertise," Yasaka told him, even as she set a sheet of paper on the table and pushed it over towards him. "Do keep this a secret, yes? My people trust me with their information, with their problems. I don't want to break that trust."

"I wouldn't dare," he replied honestly. She was already probably going to have to twist the truth saying she'd checked with him as an expert or as an advisor or something. He didn't want to create problems for her, that was for sure.

"I know you wouldn't but-"

"But you have to make sure. A formality of sorts, right?" Joshua finished for her, delivering a smile to tell her that he didn't mind. In the first place, he'd only asked out of curiosity and a spur of the moment thing. He hadn't actually expected her to tell him and even less for her to give him the file.

He was surprised, but also pleased to notice that she did answer and that she did let him read it.

Which was why he read intently, carefully. Yasaka had done a lot for him, some of it more evident and some of it more subtle. Some of it knowingly and some of it, he assumed at least, not so much.

Unfortunately, and much to his disappointment, the case Yasaka had to deal with was, indeed, outside his capabilities. The Phoenix Spell and all the healing he had learned to do was meant to deal with wounds that were more… spontaneous. Even Phoenix Tears couldn't heal everything, in a world such as theirs. Otherwise, the Sleeping Disease wouldn't remain uncured, for example. Physical wounds healed easily enough and so did most of the normal magical injuries. However, there were some that were more… complicated.

The magical version of incurable diseases, as it were. More troublesome and often truly incurable, even by supernatural standards. This one was not such a drastic case, but it was a difficult one, evidently. At least from the notes Yasaka had on the matter. He barely understood the text, and only in certain sections, due to his own studies. He wondered how much the youkai leader could understand herself but that wasn't important.

The picture it painted was complicated indeed. No normal healing could cure whatever this youkai is dealing with. Nor would Asia with her Sacred Gear either. Nor would his Phoenix Spell, Joshua was pretty sure. At least not without doing a whole lot more modifications and making it into something that wouldn't even be able to be called Phoenix Spell anymore.

That youkai didn't have the time for him to do his spell crafting either. Time was of essence, both for the health of that person as much as for Yasaka, because if she delayed, then it'd probably look bad on her. After all, there were magicians out there that could probably deal with that without having to spend so much time preparing as he did. Branches of magic more suited for this kind of malady were out there already.

Fortunately for Yasaka, he knew one such person.

"I know someone that can probably heal this," Joshua commented, with certainty. The word probably was there mostly just in case, but he was almost positive that he was right.

"Oh?"

"One of my students is from a family that specializes in Recovery Magic," he explained, running his fingers through his hair as he considered that. "We made a few deals and he insists that his family and him owe me a favor so… I think I can call on that for this."

"I appreciate it, Joshua, but I can't just-"

"You can owe me a favor, if it makes you feel better," he added then, giving her a grin. The youkai leader stared at him for a long moment before sighing.

"I'm not gonna convince you, am I?" she asked.

"Nope," he confirmed with a chuckle. "Now, anything else I can help with?"

With another sigh, she gave him a suffering look.

"Is there something you want from me, Joshua?" she asked, but he could tell that she was mostly joking.

"Gotta give you reasons to keep me around, is all," he answered as he turned back to his own work.

"I don't need more of those, Joshua. Don't worry," he heard her say and his smile returned before he could even try to hold it back. Not that he'd have tried very hard, really.

"Thank you," he replied simply, but no less warmly. The woman only hummed then before the room returned to the silence, only broken by the sound of paper sheets being pushed and pages being turned. That was fine, he was more than comfortable with things at that very moment.

Before he continued working with the Phoenix Spell though, he spared one last glance at his latest idea.

Project Intelligence.

[}-o-{]​

[Aika Kiryuu]

"Yeah, I can see why everyone loves to come here," she commented, looking around the cafe. It'd been the first time she went, since she'd never had an actual friend group to go with and going alone was… Not exactly something she wanted to do.

"I know, right?" Issei replied, preening the same way he always did whenever she paid him a compliment. He was obviously very proud of the place, as if it were his own, really, which was actually really cute, Aika thought. Of course, she wasn't going to tell him that. She was sure that'd hurt his male pride or something and while that would be amusing, she didn't want to tease him like that…

Too much, at least.

Not in there, at least. After all, Aika was very aware of the relationship Issei had with the owner, which turned out to be around and serving tables. If she were honest, after all that she'd heard about Joshua Davis, she was more worried about meeting him than she was about meeting Issei's parents. Maybe that sounded silly, but her boyfriend really looked up to the man. Like a big brother, she supposed, and it made some sense.

Unfortunately for Aika – or fortunately, maybe –, she didn't have much time to worry over that fact. After all, the man in question was moving towards them. 'Hm, someone's gonna make some lucky woman very happy,' she thought idly, looking Davis up and down.

"Finally decided to bring your girlfriend around, huh?" the man asked Issei then, a grin on his face. "Here I was, starting to think you'd made up an imaginary one."

"Joshua-sensei!" her boyfriend whined, quite pitifully at that. Aika did her best to hold back a giggle, but she failed miserably, resorting to hiding this fact behind her hand. Of course, it was useless, but that was all she could do. If anything, the hurt expression on Issei's face only made things worse. "And you wondered why I didn't bring her here," the boy grumbled then, glaring at their waiter.

"I never said I wondered," Davis commented. "Say, the Kendo club is gonna come here soon. I know you are on a date and all but-"

"Yeah, I'll help," Issei readily agreed. "Ah, um, you don't mind, right?" he asked a second later, realizing that maybe he should check that with Aika before committing. She just smiled and nodded though. After all, how could she say no when he was looking at her with such an adorable expression, like a pleading puppy. On top of that, she knew how happy working at the cafe and preparing things made him, how proud he was of his job and being able to be good at something.

"Thanks for letting him," Davis said then, following her boyfriend with his eyes until the teenager entered the kitchen area. Aika was just starting to wonder why he hadn't gone too, but before she could ask that, the man took the seat Issei had just left vacant. "I'll go in a bit," he added, noticing her questioning look, smile still in place. "I just wanted to talk with you about something."

"You are a bit too old for me, sorry," she replied, drawing a surprised laugh from the man.

"And you are a little too young for me, don't worry," he shot back, still chuckling. "No, I just wanted to talk to you about Issei."

"Going to give me the shovel talk?" Aika asked then, raising an eyebrow at the man. He seemed to hold back another laugh at that, shaking his head.

"I mean, if you want that," he answered with a shrug. "No, I just wanted to thank you. The little pervert has been really happy as of late and I gather that's because of you. He really likes you," Davis told her and Aiki would have liked to say she took that in stride and with pride. What really happened was that she was quite caught off guard, her cheeks heating up as the man so bluntly delivered that information to her.

Of course, she knew that Issei was happy with her and she was happy with him. It was quite a different thing to be told that to her face, by someone else no less. Someone that was also quite close to her boyfriend to boot.

"Ah, thank you," she mumbled, cursing herself for suddenly acting so shy. "I like him too," she added, feeling incredibly lame. Surely she could have come up with something better than that, right? Or at least say it better.

"I can tell," he told her, as if it were completely obvious and she had that fact written on her forehead or something. That only made her blush harder, really, which was all sorts of unfair. Why was he taking her schtick? Making others turn into tomatoes was supposed to be her thing! "So, yeah, keep doing whatever you are doing and if you need anything, just call. I might be a cafe owner, but I'm not just a cafe owner."

Well, wasn't that mysterious?

"I'll… keep that in mind?" she replied hesitantly, receiving a nod from the man.

"See that you do," Davis told her with a grin.

"Thank you, Davis-san."

"None of that, call me Joshua," he waved off instantly.

"Thank you, Joshua-san," she corrected, smiling slightly. "Ah, um, I… didn't introduce myself, did I?" she realized then, eyes widening and feeling mortified. Way to make a good impression, huh?

"Better, and don't worry, Aika Kiryuu. Issei won't shut up about you, honestly," he told her with a chuckle. "Speaking of, I guess I should go and help him before he gets suspicious, huh?... Before that though," he commented, standing up before leaning down. His warm blue eyes suddenly weren't warm at all. "Do try not to hurt Issei, yeah?"

She could only shakily nod her head before the man left.

She'd been right, meeting Davis had been much harder than meeting Issei's parents.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, a calm chapter, I gotta say, but this story is all about those at this point. I am a little nervous about that last part, but I think it might be just me, as usual. I'm sure I'll hear about that if it is a problem.

I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What color are your socks? Mine are… gray and black.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 237 others
Adrian King
Jul 20, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 97 - ‘Cause My Monsters Are Real New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#387
'Cause My Monsters Are Real

"Two out of two?" he asked as he walked through the corridor.

"Don't even joke about it, Joshua," Griselda admonished, sounding more tired than actually angry. "Things have been… tense. There's been a lot of arguments between Church members, fights and even outright battles," the woman admitted, much to his surprise. The events themselves weren't a shocking reveal, Joshua would admit, but he was a little caught off guard that she'd admitted them.

"Well… If you need help, you can always call," he offered, not sure why. That wasn't quite true, however. He did know why he did that. He was just unable to see someone struggling and not trying to help, he supposed. Besides, having the Church and Heaven in his debt would be nice. On top of that, it meant more people opposing Khaos Brigade, which was always a good thing in his books.

"We already owe you a lot, Joshua, between these jobs and what happened the last time," Griselda told him, pursing her lips. "We are not eager to add to that, I'm sure you understand."

"Hm, I guess I get that," he mumbled, looking around and taking in his surroundings. To his side, he saw Jeanne shake her head at him for some reason, but he ignored her. His familiars followed behind them, with Xenovia and Irina. As they moved, Joshua noticed what seemed to be a lot more security than he'd seen the last time too.

It seemed that both sides had decided it was better to be more careful this time around. He could only hope that the Church had done a good job of things and hadn't posted someone around that would go for a stab on his back or something. That'd be annoying. Joshua wasn't too worried about that though. He was fairly sure that such an attempt would be next to useless, between all the security he had on his side with Jeanne and his familiars, nevermind Griselda and the two Excalibur wielders.

"I'm not sure why you told me that, if you don't want more help than this," Joshua commented after a moment of silence. To his side, the woman smiled wryly.

"Because you are an ally," she replied. "And we have precious few of those. It wouldn't do to leave you uninformed of how things are on our side. Besides that…" she explained before trailing off. She didn't elaborate on that, however, even when he urged her with a look. "There's more than a few reasons to keep you up to date, Joshua," she offered simply in the end, and he guessed that was that.

"Well, I'm not complaining," he said in the end, taking a deep breath in as they walked towards the room where he'd set up his wards. At the moment, after all, they were all in the second base the Church had asked him to cast a defensive array on. "About what I asked though…"

"In regards to Asia, you are free to do as you wish," Griselda told him, making him smile. "However," she continued then, making him narrow his eyes. "She's still a member of our faction and an important one. With some areas being more secure now, the higher ups think it's safe enough for her to move around and help with the efforts, her powers will be very useful, especially considering the current state of things."

"I guess that makes sense," he admitted reluctantly. Joshua often forgot that Asia was still part of the Church, really, and that she wasn't actually part of the family or such. Maybe he grew attached too quickly he supposed, but in his defense, the girl lived with him, basically. Even if he was out and/or busy most of the time, they saw each other enough…

"I'm afraid we will have to impose on you to house and protect her for longer, but we think things have stabilized enough for her to start taking duties for the Church again," Griselda informed him and Joshua nodded slowly. Well, that was better than nothing. "On top of that, they've decided to grant the girl her wish to be a normal girl, as you said. The Church owes her a lot, considering all that Asia has done for us and all that she suffered because of… unfortunate circumstances."

"She'll be ecstatic. I'll be sure to tell her. I'm guessing you can tell her the details yourself, however," he commented.

"Naturally." Griselda nodded. "On the matter of rewards and payment," she continued then, drawing a curious look from Joshua. "Higher ups have allowed us to give you access to Boon magic resources," she said and his mind ground to a halt.

He'd consulted with Agnes in regards to that branch some time ago, after that he'd even looked into it from other sources, through Rias, Sairaorg and even Yasaka. Boon Magic was difficult to get access to, since it was closely guarded by factions like the Church. For them it might as well be an artifact to keep safe, from what he'd found.

"Well, that's a nice surprise," Joshua replied, a glint in his eyes and a smile on his face.

"Ugh," Jeanne groaned. "Why do you keep adding stuff to study? Don't you have enough?"

"Never," he replied with a grin. "If I had my way, I'd learn a lot more magic. All the magic," he commented with a chuckle. "As it is, I have a bit of a specialty, you know? I want to be the best at it."

Next to him, he heard Griselda cough.

"Is everything alright?" he asked as he turned back to the woman.

"Yes, I was just… surprised by something," she answered, somewhat awkwardly. Beside her, he saw Xenovia looking at her surprised. "Ah, here we are," Griselda announced, opening a door to their destination. Once there, Joshua's face cleared, he was there to do a job, after all.

[}-o-{]​

"Why did I let you convince me of doing this?" Joshua lamented himself, trying to get the couch to swallow him whole. "We both already know what happens!" he added.

"But this is half the fun, Joshua!" Serafall replied cheerfully, making him groan. "He looked so cool there, didn't he?"

"He did!" Kunou agreed wholeheartedly, and Joshua could almost see the stars forming in her eyes. If anything, that only made him feel even more embarrassed. He could only imagine how red his face was at that moment. As if that weren't bad enough, Margalo had to join the little girl, because of course she did. "Domino is so cool," Kunou mumbled, her eyes glued to the screen.

"As opposed to normal me?" Joshua couldn't help but pointing out jokingly. Anything so that he wouldn't have to watch the show with him in it. God, that was fucking embarrassing to levels he hadn't even imagined.

"You are cool too!" Kunou protested, looking surprisingly offended instead of the half-panicked state he'd expected. "It's just you are never so… Like that," she pointed out, unsure of how to say it.

"Hm, well, good to know, I guess," he commented idly… Before groaning as "Domino Mask" appeared on screen again. "Stop laughing, you three," he told his other three familiars, who had gathered to one side. Apparently, they found his pain and the entire situation positively hilarious. "Let's see how you like it after I make you join too."

Now that seemed to get to them, all three animals freezing where they were. Behind him, Joshua felt both Serafall and Kunou pausing too. He knew what was running through their heads and it made him grin widely at his familiars. Their dread was so very satisfying after all the fun they'd had at his expense.

"I'm sure we could add a few more animal companions for Domino, right?" he asked Serafall, who immediately nodded. "See, no need to be left out, girls," he commented "kindly" to his familiars. The dread that came to him through their bond only fueled him further.

"For sure, the audience would love them!" Serafall reassured the animals.

"Did I miss anything?" a new voice asked and everyone turned to look at Yasaka. Joshua's familiars were very relieved by the interruption, but if they thought he would let that go, then they had another thing coming. Evidently, they could read that through their bond, because they shot him pleading eyes. Pleading eyes that he thoroughly ignored.

"Mom, Joshua's character is so cool," Kunou exclaimed, making him groan. "Come on, can we start that episode from the beginning?"

"For sure!" Serafall agreed instantly.

As for Joshua, he shot Yasaka a pleading look. Surely she'd be the kind, angelical being that would show mercy upon his poor self. Surely she'd save him from the evil duo's clutches.

"Nice, I wouldn't want to be left out," the youkai leader said instead.

'Traitor,' he thought.

If the grin Yasaka sent his way was anything to go by, she regretted nothing.

Suddenly, he understood how his familiars felt a bit better, even if the bond hadn't been helping with that.

[}-o-{]​

"Fuck!" Raynare cursed, dashing to the side to avoid one of Cheshire's thunder attacks. The Fallen ex-team leader was struggling quite a bit while facing his first familiar. As for Mittel and Kalawarna, they were otherwise occupied fighting Nagini and Morag. Margalo was the only one "disconnected" from the battles, simply flying in circles over the battlefield and boosting the other three familiars.

All in all, things weren't looking so well for the Fallen Angels, Joshua had to say.

Then again, Joshua's wards were a great way to even the playing field. After all, they adapted to how strong their targets were, putting more or less pressure and weakening them more or less too. At the end of the day, everyone was about the same power level when they were placed under his training wards.

Unfortunately for the Fallen Angels, however, his familiars were great at working as a team. Something that they were decidedly not, that was for sure. Joshua was already making a mental note to try and have them work on that later on. It was downright pitiful how little they tried to coordinate attacks, let alone helping each other.

Pitiful and a little annoying, considering those were his allies at the moment.

That was why he was training them though, to make them better. If they were already good, then there'd be no point. As it was, Joshua looked at them doing their thing while he practiced Senjutsu as best he could.

[Life Concentration has gone up a level.]

He dismissed the screen as soon as it came up. It was nice to know, for sure, but he was kind of occupied at the moment. He didn't want to look away from the Fallen and his familiars. He could check on the system screens later, but the training was going on at that very moment.

Sometimes, however, Joshua wished he wasn't looking. For example, the time Raynare's light spear grazed Cheshire's fur or even when Kalawarna almost stomped on Morag. He really wanted to interfere, pull on his control over his wards or just outright join in on the spar session but… His familiars didn't want that, even he didn't really want that. This was to train, after all, and he didn't want to coddle his partners.

Considering that…

"Margalo," he called, his voice soft and low, but his familiar still heard him loud and clear. Their bond was useful like that, after all. "Could you sing for me, girl?" Joshua asked the bird as she landed on his shoulder. Sure enough, she started doing just that the second he finished the question.

The Gentle Song, they'd found, seemed to affect life energy. While Courageous Song nudged people through magic, its counterpart did so through life energy. It wasn't quite Senjutsu itself, because it was still magic, but its effect was like Senjutsu on her targets. As Joshua found out one day, that was really good when he was trying to learn the art of life energy.

This time, not only was it helping him, but it was also evening things out between his familiars and the Fallen. Much as he hated seeing Cheshire, Nagini and Morag struggling more, it was for their own good. 'They are still winning though,' he noticed, feeling more than a little proud.

Idly, his mind drifted towards the information his wards were picking up, from his familiars, from the Fallen, from himself. He thought it over, thought of how to use it, thought of how to cover the holes his wards left without checking. It was the process he went through, every month, every week, every day…

He blinked, however, when he felt a shift in Cheshire, like the magic in her had been coiling into itself without him noticing before snapping out. It was a familiar "sight" to him and his eyes snapped open instantly. The next thing that happened was that his wards came down on the Fallen like mountain, flattening them on the ground.

"Why-?" Raynare managed to say, which was admirable, really.

"It's not personal, for once," Joshua told her, his eyes locked on Cheshire. That is, until he felt his other familiars. "There's something that came up and we need to do and I don't have time for explanations," he said simply, walking towards his partners. "You know, I didn't think you'd all be competitive enough for this to happen."

To that, his familiars moved almost as one. Through the Charm, Joshua felt Shed's attention hone in on him, on them. He ignored the god, however, the same way he ignored the Fallen, the same way he ignored Jeanne's voice, calling from the house. There was only one thing in his mind, as it all but synchronized with his familiars.

And then, his hand touched Cheshire and the magic, the energy between them swirled, rushed, charged. Nagini and Morag followed suit, Margalo having clinged to his shoulder from the beginning of it all. Thus, the process began for all of them.

Joshua had experienced many of his familiar's evolutions at that point, but they never felt less… awe inspiring. The rush, the power, it was all in his familiars, he knew, but the bond they shared made it seem almost like it was his own. A part of his mind guessed it was all due to the fact that his bond grew stronger, so there was no way for him to not feel as strongly every time.

He wasn't up for much thinking, however.

No, he was too busy mixing his magic with his familiars'. His energy was drained from all four of them, but he'd made sure to have so much energy in his ward array that there was no way for them to get too much energy from him. The energy rushed to him, from him to his familiars and in his familiars it grew.

Until it didn't.

"You are all," he said, breathing wearily but not feeling like he'd collapse. An improvement over most of the other times. "You are all beautiful."

And they were.

Cheshire had grown even bigger, the size of a pickup, he noticed as he looked her over. She looked stronger and she… was just… more. The white of her fur was brighter, as if it shone. The black, in turn, was darker, as if it absorbed the light in it to never let go.

[Cheshire

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Holy Tiger

Gender: Female

Strength: B-

Speed: B+

Dexterity: B+

Vitality: B-

Perception: B+

Magic: B-

Life: B]

'Holy Tiger, huh?' he noticed then, checking over her other things. 'Greater Tiger,' he read in the shapeshifting perk, before noticing that there was another one next to it too. 'Holy Affinity, makes sense.'

He didn't give her too much more attention though, because Nagini had grown even more than Cheshire. The snake was positively massive. Even more than before, twice than before, actually.

[Nagini

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Curse Snake

Gender: Female

Strength: B+

Speed: B-

Dexterity: B-

Vitality: B+

Perception: B+

Magic: B-

Life: B]

'Jinx to hex to curse, fair enough… Although it's a bit confusing that the names have nothing to do with the magic branches,' Joshua mused, only momentarily distracted. That was because there was a really needy spider the size of a double bed.

"Did you all become huge all of a sudden?" he asked distractedly.

[Morag

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Earth Spider

Gender: Female

Strength: B-

Speed: B+

Dexterity: B+

Vitality: B-

Perception: B-

Magic: B+

Life: B]

'Earth Spider?' he wondered, checking her perks and skills. There was nothing in regards to earth anywhere. 'Hm… Might need to look that up later then I-' his thoughts were interrupted when he felt a peck on his ear.

"You are all really impatient," he commented, turning to look at Margalo. Little, adorable Margalo, who had grown to the size of a bird of prey, which while impressive wasn't quite on part with the growth that his other familiars had gone through. He wondered if there was a reason for that. "Maybe you should take turns next time," he added, softer this time, as the bird rubbed her head against his.

[Margalo

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Song Bird

Gender: Female

Strength: C-

Speed: C+

Dexterity: C

Vitality: C-

Perception: C

Magic: C+

Life: C]

'Song Bird indeed,' he mused idly.

"Well, I got to see these ones, so that's nice," Jeanne commented from the side, beaming at them. "I still think a little warning would be nice."

"You didn't warn anyone when you made Relentless Justice, did you?" he asked then, all four of his familiars turning towards the girl at the same time. "So, what do you have to say for yourself?"

"It's not the same, Josh, and you know it!" she protested then, receiving unimpressed looks from everyone. "It's not the same!"

"A little… help… here?" Joshua heard then, blinking before turning to the side. 'Oh, right, they were here,' he thought, looking at the Fallen, who were still on the ground.

"Right," he mumbled, pulling on his wards so they could stand up again and all. "Take a break, my familiars will need a bit to get used to their new forms anyway, same as my wards to them and all that."

"Thank you," Raynare breathed out, only barely managing to put her usual hostility in her tone as she looked at his familiars now. Evidently, they were more intimidating than before. He didn't fault her for that.

"Except Kalawarna. You still need to catch up, so you are sparring with me," he told the Fallen, making her pale as he started stretching a bit with a grin. "I'm feeling really happy right now, so I promise not to smack you… too much," he told her then, feeling the amusement of his familiars as they prepared themselves for the show.

He'd make sure to properly pamper them later.

[}-o-{]​

"They are so big," Asia breathed out in awe as she absently pet Margalo, who was perched on her shoulder. The nun's eyes seemed to have trouble picking a familiar to look at though, not that Joshua could blame her for that. As it was, he found himself laying on top of Nagini as if she were the biggest, most dangerous bean bag in the world. It was something that only added to the whole image, or so he thought.

For extra comedy, at least in his mind, the snake was just too big for the house, which meant that both her and him were just outside while everyone else was inside.

"They are, aren't they?" Jeanne commented, sitting on the floor, her back resting against Cheshire's massive body. The girl laid there, smiling up at Morag, who was dancing on the ceiling while weaving a web over there. "Are we gonna need a bigger house?"

"I think this one works for now… Unless you want space inside?" Joshua asked Nagini, turning towards her. "I think Serafall might arrange some changes if you want that, actually." To that, the snake gave her equivalent of a shrug, which wasn't very helpful, really. "Anyway, if they do this again, we'll definitely have to get a new place."

"Might be necessary anyway," Jeanne commented. "Especially if you keep up picking up strays," she added, looking around, even at the Fallen Angels.

"Excuse me? We have plenty of place still," Joshua argued, frowning at her. "Besides, the Fallen are a temporary thing, they'll be out of here eventually."

"If you say so," Jeanne commented, clearly not very convinced, which made his eye twitch. "My point stands though. There's more and more people coming here by the second."

"Now, that's just uncalled for," Joshua protested. "Need I remind you that you were one of the strays I picked up too?"

"And that's why I love you, Josh!" she told him, beaming innocently at him. For all of a second before she grinned in a not at all innocent way. "But I'm still right."

"I blame you for having to put up with her," he told Cheshire, who huffed amusedly at them. "What are you looking at?" he asked then, turning towards the Fallen, who were awkwardly standing off to the side, not quite leaving but also not quite part of the scene.

"The contrast is quite… something," Raynare answered, looking more confused than anything else. "It's… a little unnerving."

"Someone's being weirdly honest, huh?"

"When the alternative is you knowing I am not through your weird spells and senses?" the ex-leader shot back, raising an eyebrow. "I won't risk that, thank you very much."

"That's… actually rather smart," he replied, blinking at her.

"Don't sound so surprised," the Fallen snapped, before her eyes widened and she blanched. He couldn't really find it in himself to be angry, however. He blamed the evolution of his familiars for that. He was riding quite the high at that very moment.

"I guess you were leader for a reason, even if you weren't quite as smart as you think you are," he said, obviously pissing the woman off. "Anyway, Kalawarna."

"Yes!" the woman exclaimed, standing ramrod straight, pale and trembling a little. Maybe it was mean of him, but Joshua really liked that she was so terrified of him. As far as he was concerned, she deserved that.

"Be a dear and go look for something for Nagini to eat, yeah?" he told her calmly, and the Fallen all but dashed to where they kept animals for his familiars to eat. Which, with their new changes, he might have to check and adapt their stock a little.

"Someone's in a good mood," Raynare commented, almost managing to make herself sound casual.

"Like you wouldn't believe," Joshua commented, grinning widely. "Ruin this for me and I promise you'll regret it forever," he added, just as cheerfully. For some reason, both of the remaining Fallen paled at that. Weird, that, right?

"Stop scaring the poor lil' things, Josh," Jeanne chided him half-heartedly. Neither of the Fallen liked that, from what he picked up, but they were at least smart enough to keep their comments in the privacy of their minds. Raynare couldn't quite stop her eye from twitching though.

"Yeah, I know, that's Nagini's job," he allowed, receiving an amused hiss from his snake familiar before she regarded the Fallen curiously. To their credit, they did their best to remain standing and proud. They failed, but they gave it their best shot. It was more than Joshua expected from them, quite honestly.

"Here you go," Kalawarna said as she came into the room, carrying what Joshua assumed was a cow… Or something along those lines. He wasn't paying too much attention, and Nagini had already started swallowing it before he could give it a serious attempt at guessing.

"Nice, now, do go away, will you?" Joshua told her, waving her off. "I really don't wanna have you ruin my good mood. It'd be… bad. Same for you two, actually. Shoo shoo."

The Fallen were only too happy to comply with that order.

"Celebratory dinner tonight," he announced, getting small cheers from Asia and Jeanne.

Things were pretty good, it seemed.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I know the familiars evolution took up a chunk of the chapter, but I hope I managed that well enough to not be a bother. If not, then I apologize, but there wasn't quite a way for me not to have this happen unless I spread that in several chapters. For one, I didn't want to do that, however, and for another, my characters didn't want that either, so…

Yeah…

I hope you enjoyed the chapter regardless.

Random Question: It's been a while since I asked this but… How are you liking the story so far?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 233 others
Adrian King
Jul 20, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 98 - I Become Colder but Free as a Bird New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#396
I Become Colder but Free as a Bird

"It's so beautiful," Kunou breathed out as Joshua showed her, through illusions, sights that he'd come across in his… past life, as it were. He showed her places he'd visited with his parents back before that fateful day that had thrown everything in disarray.

His hand clasped around the locket over his chest, trying to pull on his memories as best he could. He remembered, but those times felt so far away that he had to make an honest effort to try and conjure them up. He managed though, and he loved how much Kunou loved them. He wasn't a big fan of touristic stuff, but he would freely admit that the sights themselves were amazing.

"Maybe I can take you to some of these places, once the world is safer or I place so many defenses over them that nobody will have to worry about a thing," Joshua told her, drawing big, excited eyes towards him. If there was any doubt about that happening before, it was thrown out the window just by looking at Kunou.

At least, until her enthusiasm died.

"It's a shame mom can't come with us if we go," the girl mumbled, and Joshua saw Yasaka's ears dropping. It wasn't often that the subject came up, but he could tell that it bothered both of them, for very obvious reasons. It bothered him too, but more due to how it affected them than anything else.

An upset Kunou was awful, but an upset Yasaka was very close too.

Nevermind when it was both of them together.

"Hm, maybe I can do something about that too," he commented. It was careless of him, impulsive, but he said it regardless, because he meant it. Or, at least, he meant for that to be true. He didn't know how possible it was to accomplish, but people had thought it was impossible to replicate the effects of Devil Bloodlines and there he was…

"Really?" Kunou asked, visibly and positively shocked.

"Really," he replied, adding more confidence to his tone.

It should be possible, he supposed. Yasaka was drawing from the leylines in Kyoto, a blessing from her patrons that empowered her to the point where she could match them. Now, he was not very familiar with leylines, but his Magic Sense was at a high enough level that he'd started sensing them.

[Magic Sense - Lvl 66/150

Determines the user's ability to sense magical energy and spells.

Precision is determined by Skill Level.

Increases the range of Magic Sense by 198%.]

Sure, he wasn't about to start delving into that, but he could feel them. Soon, maybe, he could start applying that and the knowledge he had on them to his spells, maybe. It hadn't taken him long to start planning some wards, hexes and boons that might benefit greatly from that.

Now, in regards to the problem at heart, he knew that Yasaka was directly connected to the leylines in Kyoto, which was why she couldn't move far from the place. The further she got, the more it strained that connection and the less power she got from her blessing. The concept was simple enough, but a solution to that would be anything but simple.

Joshua had some ideas though, but to even consider them he'd have to start delving into how to work with leylines at all. He could do that, but… Normally, he was all for adding more projects. Every new project he came up with was great, and he was excited for it, but… He was starting a lot of ideas and few of them were getting anywhere.

Then again, he was dedicating a great deal of his time to the Phoenix Spell considering its… urgency. Once that was done, maybe he could start giving more attention to some of his other ideas. That'd be great, he imagined.

"Joshua, there's no need to push yourself-"

"No need to worry," he interrupted, giving Yasaka a grin. "I know there's no need. But I want to do it. No promises on when I'll manage, but I'll work on it," he said, finishing as he turned towards Kunou. "You, your mother and I will be going wherever you want eventually, ok?"

"You are the best, dad!" the little girl exclaimed, all but rocketing towards his torso and wrapping her little arms around him. It made his smile a lot softer and warmer. Kunou was, perhaps ironically, the person that helped him the most, without even trying. In a time when he felt so… cold with the attacks at Hexennacht and the pressure to work on the Phoenix Spell on top of the many other things he had to get done every day… Spending time with Kunou was the one time when he felt the most relaxed.

Sure, the cafe was nice, as was the show with Serafall and so on, but Kunou did a much better job than any of those. She was just so… pure and full of joy that it spread over to Joshua whenever he was with her. It was partly why he spoiled her so much. Being a father, being a disciplinarian, was hard. So, as long as he didn't really need to put his foot down, he wouldn't. He was just lucky that Kunou was such a good girl or he might have been in trouble with how much she had him wrapped around her little finger.

"Thank you, Joshua," Yasaka told him and when he looked up, she had one of the most beautiful smiles on her face. He'd seen one or two of those on her face before, but he was pretty sure they would never stop being such mesmerizing sights. 'Like mother, like daughter,' he thought wryly, realizing that he was going to win few situations with those two.

He felt the usual insecurities rear their ugly heads once more, but he ignored them. It was nothing, after all, just him doing a favor for a friend. Nothing else…

And yet, it was getting more and more difficult to push those thoughts aside.

"Anything for you two," he said, smiling down at Kunou, who beamed back, and missing the pink that appeared in Yasaka's face.

[}-o-{]​

[Eliphas Levi]

He knew he wasn't great at magic, he knew that very well.

Some people were born with talents, things that came much easier to them than they did most other people. Some people, however, were born with the opposite. Such was the case of Eliphas, or Levi, as he preferred to be called. After all, ever since he could remember, his control of magic had been lacking.

So, he'd done the next best thing. He'd read, he'd researched, he'd studied. His casting might be atrocious, but if he was confident in anything, it was in his theoretical knowledge. Levi had dedicated his every breath to that after all.

It had been for naught.

The supernatural world wasn't a place that took kindly to the untalented, and especially so for the powerless. He might have had better luck trying to wield a sword or training his body or something along those lines. Or maybe having a different approach to his stay in the supernatural world… Maybe even go to the mundane side.

But Levi didn't want any of that.

After all, he loved magic.

Everything about it was fascinating and it would forever hurt him that he couldn't perform the art that he loved so much to even decent standards. However, that hadn't stopped him from delving as deep as he could manage through the theoretical side. If there was one thing Levi could say about himself it was that he understood magic. He understood the vague and sometimes changing laws of it. He understood the calculations necessary for it. He understood all of it.

If his control over his magic wasn't such a fucking mess…

But it was and there was nothing to do about that.

Thus, Levi had resigned himself to never be able to reach very far into things. He'd been almost fine with that too. He'd accepted his place in the world and decided to try and make the most of it. If he could just attach himself to a good enough magician and do research for them as an assistant, maybe that would be enough.

But what magician wanted someone that was practically a magical cripple associated with them?

None, that's who.

That is, until Levi had managed to ace the examinations and get a place in one Joshua Davis' class. Some people had been against that, of course. Why not send someone more capable, right? However, through some strokes of luck and what felt to him like fate at that point in his life, he managed to stay in the list of members that would attend that class.

Things had gone… Not quite so good for some time, of course, but that was expected. Even if the teacher was better and all, Levi didn't stop being who he was and he messed up more spells than he got right. Professor Davis had noticed his good work with the circles but the messy casting had kept the man's attention away.

One day, however, Dion Fortune joined the class and it was Levi's time to shine, even if he hadn't known that at the time. He'd taught the woman as best he could, pouring his everything into getting the knowledge he had to the woman's brain. And he had succeeded, evidently, because she caught up surprisingly quickly, even with all the help he offered.

Another talented person, he had lamented. He knew Dion would get Professor Davis' attention and join the growing group of stars with Ordinton, Karin and Pickingill. What he hadn't expected, however, was that the attention of the teacher was thrown his way too.

Suddenly, Professor Davis seemed to be paying more attention to his written work and less to his casting. There was a different look on the man's eyes whenever he regarded Levi. The student recognized it as the same look he'd get whenever a new piece of information changed his view on something.

And it hadn't stopped there.

"So, what do you think?" Professor Davis asked, sitting across from him, legs crossed and leaning back as if what they were doing was nothing special. Although, to be fair, it probably wasn't too important for the man. Certainly not as important as it was for Levi, the student imagined.

It wasn't every day that a magic teacher took a student aside and started asking more directed questions. It wasn't everyday that a teacher did anything other than just explaining and doing what was strictly necessary, but especially so to take a student aside like Davis had done with Levi. Well, not if they weren't going to take the student as an apprentice or something along those lines.

While Levi doubted he was about to get an apprenticeship with the man that seemed to be able to stand up against Longinus, he also knew that he was being given a chance. He was being offered the one chance he'd likely ever have to reach higher than the rock bottom he'd expected throughout his whole life.

"Levi," Professor Davis called then, as he continued reading as if his life depended on it. He needed to use every scrap of knowledge he'd ever gotten. This is what he had been working for throughout his whole life. "What… do you think?" his teacher repeated more pointedly but still kindly, which was more than Levi could say about any teacher he'd had before.

"I think it's possible that it might work," he said, cursing the hesitation that bled into his voice. "Probably will need more than old and new calculations. Maybe some different circle languages? The Nordic runes, the Egyption hieroglyphs and so on. The more the better… er, sir."

"I see," Professor Davis mumbled, looking at Levi but not really seeing him. Instead, the student could tell that the man was anywhere but there, his mind was elsewhere, considering possibilities and digging up information.

He'd know about that.

"Yes, I think you might be right. I'll have to do some research on that," Professor Davis added then. "Is there anything I can do to pay for you to look into this more deeply? It'd help to have another mind looking into this other than my own, compare notes and such."

Levi almost couldn't believe it.

However, he would be an idiot to pass up such an opportunity.

"I… I can't cast well," Levi said hesitantly. "All I've wanted in my life is to… Well, do research, study magic. So, I thought I could maybe do that if I found a magician that would work with me, take me in as an assistant or something like that."

"Hm… I see… I think I can do something for you, Levi," Professor Davis replied and Levi felt hope well up in him.

Surely the man could put a good word for him with one of his students, right? One word from Joshua Davis himself and any of those would bend over backwards, Levi knew. Maybe he could get what he'd always wanted. Maybe he could do better than getting scraps and mockery.

[}-o-{]​

[Sona Sitri]

She knew something was going on as soon as she heard the whispers spreading.

Classes had ended, students were going about their business in the halls and outside. Even with that in mind, the volume of the crowd was much higher than usual. With a frown, she strained her ears, some magic was added then and-

She only needed a handful of the words used to know what was going on. It seemed that Joshua had come for a visit, which was strange. Although, by the sounds of it, the female population of Kuoh Academy didn't mind, at all. Amusing herself, Sona wondered what the man thought of that, if he even noticed. If he didn't, then it'd be even more funny to know how he'd react to that knowledge.

'What does Joshua want though?' she wondered with a slight frown as she pushed up her glasses. There was no reason for the man to drop by personally. Rias and him met up often enough that any message could have been sent through her. Sona herself dropped by at his cafe from time to time too with the other members of the Student Council.

A familiar giggle answered that question for her and Sona groaned.

From her side, Tsubaki snorted before visibly trying to contain her amusement and failing miserably. Some friend and Queen she had. She'd make sure to get revenge for that later. Maybe some teasing in regards to her crush on Kiba or extra work… Or both, both was good.

It seemed that there'd be even more rumors circulating about Joshua being her brother-in-law, which was both amusing and annoying at the same time.

"So-tan~!" her sister exclaimed, all but kicking the door open. "Your most beautiful sister is here!"

"Aren't you her only sister?" Joshua asked flatly, raising an eyebrow at Sona's sister.

"Your point?" Serafall asked back, beaming all the while. As for Sona herself, well… She was rather shocked by an unexpected development in the already impromptu visit that her sister and Joshua had apparently decided on. So much so, that she broke her carefully crafted professional expression and let her eyes widen dramatically.

"Yeah, I asked her to dress normally," Joshua offered with a slight smile that made it so that Sona fully understood why so many of her fellow students called it a good day when the man dropped by the school. "I thought you'd appreciate that. I kind of need a favor and I wanted to make things smooth… Especially since she wanted to tag along."

"Joshua, don't be a meanie," Serafall protested with a pout.

There were several things to take out of that short interaction, at least for Sona. For one, that her sister had actually listened when someone told her to not wear her magical girl costume. She barely took the thing off for some of her most serious and formal meetings for her job and that wasn't even a sure thing.

For another, she hadn't called Joshua by the nickname she gave him for a while. It had taken Sona an embarrassingly long time to notice that, but it had happened. Once more, she usually reserved that privilege for people that were important and powerful enough for her sister to respect them.

Sona knew, however, that Joshua didn't quite fit in the exception zone.

For sure, Joshua Davis was a man that was growing more and more known in the supernatural. His prowess as a warder was cemented more and more with the passing of time. Between his accomplishment at defeating a Longinus and stalling another and the much more public displays he did for his classes at House of Water, the general population was getting to hear his name quite a bit.

On top of that, there were many other pieces of information floating around in regards to the man. Some of them Sona knew to be true, some of them she didn't. The same could be said for most people, she imagined. Rumors did hold some weight in the supernatural world, however. It was a well known fact that there was always some truth to those and nobody would spread baseless rumors for the prowess of a random human that didn't have any backing when he started off.

Even with all that, Joshua Davis still wasn't high enough to be put in the same category as faction leaders, that was for sure.

So, Sona confirmed once again that, indeed, the man had managed to catch the interest of her sister.

It was something she'd known for a while, but it didn't stop being interesting and a little surprising. Not just anyone could catch Serafall's attention, after all. It took more than a pretty face and some power to do that. It was something that Sona had seen happen once or twice, but none of those poor souls had lasted as long as Joshua, not even close.

"And I do appreciate it," Sona told him with a nod, dismissing the random trains of thought of her brain. "So, what is it that you need from me specifically?" she asked curiously.

"I have another student for you," he said, and Sona blinked. "And one of my students, I think you would like him."

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

"Don't these people have defenses in place?" she asked, waving her hand to the side as one would to scare off a fly. It was much more than that, however, as a light bolt shot off, killing a Hexennacht member that had been aiming a spell at Mittelt. She had never been much of a team player, but needs must so she'd learned while sparring against the absolute beasts that Davis called familiars.

"They do," the magician that held her metaphorical leash answered, looking almost bored as his familiars tore the place apart with the Fallen helping. How the man had managed to turn already monstrous things even more so, Raynare didn't know and she honestly wasn't sure she wanted to know. "They had wards, but they were honestly quite… sad."

Sad.

Davis thought the wards were sad. Davis thought the wards of a magician association that could hide away from the rest of the world well enough to not be destroyed by the many enemies it surely had amassed were… sad, of all things. Raynare wasn't sure why she was even surprised. All things considered, she'd come to acknowledge the fact that Davis' mind just worked differently from the normal person.

"My wards took care of theirs," the man said then, as if that explained anything. How had he even done such a thing? He hadn't used spells specifically made to break down wards such as the Spell Breaker branch. No, he'd used other wards to break through. How did that even work? How was that even possible?

"It's like you become even more monstrous with every second we spend with you," Mittelt commented and Raynare silently agreed, even if she didn't want to voice such a thing. Even when he was calm and enjoying himself, Davis managed to put a touch of fear in their hearts. There was something very unnerving to the way he seemed to have mentally scarred Kalawarna without actually doing anything and the power they knew he wielded and then seeing him…

Petting Cheshire like she was a common house cat.

Sometimes, they could almost forget that they were under the "care" of a man that could squash them like bugs under the heavy defenses of his home. Sometimes, they could almost feel free, unburdened by the knowledge that their lives hung by a thread. That was even scarier than anything else. Was that Davis' play? To wait until they let their guards down and messed up?

He seemed too nice for that, but Raynare would take absolutely no risks.

"This has gone on for long enough," a grave voice said and she turned to regard another magician. He wasn't very distinctive from the rest, except that he felt vaguely strong and he looked old, with the old school robes to match. "I think you've insulted our organization for long enough."

Then, the man raised a wrinkled hand, a spell formed and Raynare prepared herself to put a shield between her and the man. It was unnecessary, however, since as soon as the circle was ready and the attack was about to come… The entire thing crumbled to pieces. The light of the magical construct became shining specks in the air, vanishing in the wind.

"You look strong," Davis commented idly, walking towards the now visibly confused and disturbed old man. "I think I can step in this time. I have spells to try, after all. Hey, Kalwarna!" he called then, making the blue-haired woman stand straight and stiff, just like she did every time the man directed his attention to her in more than a passing glance. "Look closely… This is Project Winter."

With that ominous announcement, he got even more attention from all three Fallen, while his familiars wreaked havoc on those magicians that hadn't stopped fighting with the arrival of the old member of their association. Mittelt and Raynare herself had heard about the Season Projects that Davis had threatened Kalawarna with. They only knew about the one, Spring, but if Winter was anything like that one…

Davis brought his hand up in front of him, pointing at the old magician…

And nothing happened.

There was no sound, no light, no show, no…

Nothing.

Raynare blinked then, and she saw several of the Hexennacht members look about as confused as she felt. What was Davis doing? The man himself looked pretty confident even then, letting his hand fall and placing inside the pockets of his jeans, as if he hadn't a care in the world. What was Project Winter?

"Ha! I knew they wouldn't hold a candle in front of Master Hill!" a much younger magician exclaimed. "Show them, Master Hill!" he said then, after a moment, but the old man didn't do anything.

It was then that Raynare noticed something about as odd as the non-existence of any effect in regards to Davis' spell. The old magician, Hill, wasn't moving. He wasn't so much as twitching. Hell, looking closely, she realized that the man wasn't even breathing.

And that wasn't the end of the signs that something more was going on.

"Master Hill?" a female's voice asked then, as the man grew even paler than he already was. The veins on the exposed skin started contrasting even more harshly against the white with a sickly dark tone.

"Interesting," Raynare heard Davis said, pulling her attention towards him. "His magic is fighting the freezing, but it's not strong enough so… His body is suffering from it," the man commented, his tone about as dull and analytical as the explanations in a documentary.

Had…?

Had Davis frozen the man's magic?

"That doesn't look healthy," the man that Raynare was now following commented idly, as one would the weather. Meanwhile, the old magician's skin started turning ashen and the veins in his body an unnatural blue.

"Josh?" Davis – the younger, Jeanne – asked, her voice uneasy, disturbed. Raynare could fully relate. One's magic was what kept them going as much as any other energy they possessed. Stopping it was about as bad as stopping one's blood flow.

"Guess that's enough data gathered," Davis, the older, much more scary sibling, replied with an uncaring shrug before Cheshire smote the poor old bastard with a lightning bolt. "Well, what's everyone standing around for?" the man asked them, making all three of the Fallen snap back to the action, reacting much faster than the now very worried and very terrified Hexennacht members.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Hm, I have some doubts about this chapter, not gonna lie. All parts feel like they are a little lacking, but maybe that's just me.

On another note though, we get another peek into the Season Projects. I'd appreciate some opinions on Project Winter.

Regardless, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Now you guys know what Project Spring and Winter are. Any new theories for Summer and Fall?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 235 others
Adrian King
Jul 20, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 99 - Time, It Heals but Hurts Inside New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#400
Time, It Heals but Hurts Inside

"They are going to start catching up, Joshua," Serafall told him, for once sounding serious. "One base is one thing, but two? They'll be expecting you."

"And I'm expecting that," he replied with a slight smile and a shrug. "So, it evens out, right?"

"Joshua," was all the Satan said, looking exasperated. "I know you are good, but you are at your best defending, not attacking. You've already said that you have to use most of your magic setting up your wards during your raids already. You can't do much more than what you are already doing."

"No, but I can adjust my spells accordingly. Besides, my familiars just got stronger, I train all the time, even the Fallen are getting stronger," he told her, waving her concerns off. It wasn't that he was disregarding her worries, however. They were valid, but they were nothing he hadn't considered before already.

A second later, he realized that maybe he should have left the Fallen out of his reassurance.

"They are going to stab you in the back. You know that, right?" Serafall told him, her lips pursed and a glare in her eyes. "The first chance they get, they'll go for it. Being entirely optimistic, only one of them will, but it's still one too many."

"I appreciate the concern, Serafall, but I'm being careful," Joshua told her with a smile. If nothing else, it really did make him happy to know that she cared so much. "I have several contingencies in place for them, for Hexennacht, for Khaos Brigade and anyone else I could think of."

And he could think of many, considering his knowledge of the series. Granted, his memories of canon were full of holes and he'd changed a lot of things already while others seemed to already be different beforehand but… That didn't mean his foreknowledge was useless. He at least had some idea of who his enemies could end up being, and that was enough for him to start covering his bases.

"..." For a long moment, Serafall remained silent, staring at him. Then she sighed, deflating and looking at him like she wanted nothing more than to keep trying to convince him, even if it involved begging. "Be careful, Joshua."

"I am," he told her, trying to put as much confidence in his voice as he could. He was confident, but Serafall wasn't, so he had to add confidence for her. "I'm not rushing into this without a plan."

"Good," she replied to him, even if she didn't look entirely convinced, before he saw her do something that he wasn't sure he had before. He saw the Satan hesitate for a second. Her hand twitched, her eyes darted around a bit, and he even saw her gulp. Ultimately, she extended a hand to take his. "I care, Joshua. We care, many people do. So… You have to be careful, alright? For us, if not for you."

"I'm being careful for both, yeah?" he reassured softly, giving her hand a squeeze. It was awkward and a little uncomfortable, but it was also… warm. When was the last time he'd taken someone's hand? "The world is dangerous as it is. I'm trying to make it safer."

"And so are we, it's just… You are doing this by yourself-"

"It's not like I can have help. Having help from you or Yasaka or anyone else would drag you into trouble you don't need. You all are doing enough by attacking Khaos Brigade where you can. I'm just targeting even lower, for the weaklings," Joshua explained.

"I know that, it's just…" Serafall trailed off then, before deflating once more. "It's frustrating. We are not making nearly as much progress as we want. Slippery little shits…"

"Any progress is better than nothing. You'll get to them," he told her with a slight smile.

"No offense, but it's a little insulting that you are having more luck with Hexennacht than we are with Khaos Brigade," Serafall commented dryly, to which he chuckled.

"To be fair, the stray magicians aren't nearly as dangerous as a terrorist group that can endanger whole factions," he pointed out, which didn't seem to help matters much.

"Eh, details," she grumbled, even though he could see a smile pulling at her lips. "I'm just-"

"Frustrated?" he finished for her, making her giggle. "I get that. I feel like that a lot too."

That's when he noticed that they were still holding hands. Twitching a little, he let go and pulled away, his eyes looking to the side. 'Well, that's awkward,' he mused, trying and failing to push that to the side.

"I'm not making nearly as much progress as I'd like with the Phoenix Spell, for one," he explained, rubbing his hands together, suddenly not knowing what to do with them. "My training is going too slow for my liking. There's a lot of things I'd like to do, but can't."

"Speaking of… Not to make things worse but…" Serafall started, and when he turned to her, he saw her looking a little sad. "The Phenex have started pressuring the Gremory to speed things up. Zeoticus and Venelana will stall as much as they can, considering the updates we've given them and how Rias is getting better and better, they are really risking it with this."

'Must be burning some bridges if they didn't do this in canon. To be fair to them, Rias didn't seem to stand much of a chance in that instance,' Joshua considered then, leaning back on his seat. 'Maybe they were saving resources for after so that they could help things be better?'

Regardless, Joshua could work with that.

"I don't think I can perfect the Phoenix Spell before we run out of time," he admitted then, sighing.

"But?" Serafall urged, reading through him with ease.

He smirked in return.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

"Please don't tell your parents that I let you do this," she begged. 'I'm weak, weak and an idiot,' she thought to herself. As it was, she wasn't even sure how she'd ended up in the situation she was in. "They'd kill me."

"Nah, just mom, probably. Dad should be fine with this," Kunou told her, grinning widely as she waved the sword in her hands. Sure, Jeanne had made it so that it was basically a very real-looking toy sword, about as dangerous as a styrofoam one. Somehow, she didn't think that defense would get her far with either of the girl's parents.

"Just, please remember-"

"These are swords made to be safe. Don't ever try a real one because I can mess up and get hurt," Kunou repeated. Jeanne had told her a bunch of times already, but she couldn't help it. She was really afraid that Kunou would disregard that or forget.

"Children are easily tempted," the voices told her.

'Not helping,' she whined in her mind.

"The kit seems more mature than her age would make it seem," some other voices whispered, which was much more reassuring. "Letting it get to this was unwise, however," one of them added then.

'Gee, thanks. I know I'm an idiot.'

She was already generally weak to Kunou as it was, almost as bad as Joshua was. On top of that, it wasn't often that Jeanne spent time alone with the girl too, since her brother was usually around too. Now though, Joshua was teaching at House of Water and the girl had been free, so Yasaka had asked Jeanne if she could babysit, at least until the youkai leader finished what she had to deal with.

"Can you make the pretty flying swords?" Kunou asked then, and Jeanne was reminded why she'd caved almost instantly when she'd asked for a sword to wield. The child had entirely too good a pleading gaze. "Please?"

"Of course," Jeanne said, almost hearing the voices sighing in her mind. Waving her hand in the air, she created a "flock" of pretty flying swords that were basically harmless and useless as anything other than maybe a distraction. Well, that and entertaining children, it seemed.

At least, until Kunou seemed to get distracted. She still looked at the "weapons" flying around, but the smile and the awe in her eyes seemed to vanish. She didn't seem upset, at least to Jeanne's eyes, but she seemed to… pull away, not unlike how Joshua's did when he drifted off into his own thoughts. 'Like father, like daughter, huh?' Jeanne thought, somewhat amused.

If she hadn't known better, she'd have thought Kunou was Joshua's actual daughter, honestly.

"Say…" the girl mumbled, drawing into herself. "You know that Joshua is… my dad now," Kunou whispered. As it was, Jeanne almost missed what she was saying.

"I do," she replied with a nod. She'd have said more but…

"Patience," the voices told her. "She wants to talk, let her."

"You said you didn't have anyone before Joshua found you," Kunou continued then, confusing Jeanne a little. However, she just nodded. It wasn't something she liked to talk about. Quite honestly, it was something that Jeanne tried to forget more often than not. She had a better life now and while her past had shaped her… She didn't want to dwell on that much. "Did you feel like I did before?"

"How?" Jeanne asked softly.

"Like you wanted a bigger family. I always wished I had someone else. Siblings, cousins, grandparents, uncles… aunts," Kunou admitted then, and Jeanne understood where she was going. Smiling softly, she moved to pull the girl onto her lap and hug her.

"I did, and now I have a brother, a boyfriend, lots of friends… and a niece," Jeanne told the girl. "You can't call me Auntie Jeanne though, I'd feel old."

"Okay… Auntie Jeanne," Kunou said, making her groan.

"You are an evil little kid, you know that?"

"Joshua always says I'm good," Kunou told her innocently.

"The worst part is that people believe that."

"That's mean, Auntie Jeanne."

"Thanks for proving my point."

[}-o-{]​

[Nagini]

The Fallen were a sad, but amusing bunch.

She'd thought that from the beginning, but after she and her sisters had… improved? Now, they were even better than before. Joshua and the crystal presence had pushed her sisters and Nagini far outside the black-winged one's reach. Even further than the reach of those Joshua was hunting.

The thing that brought those thoughts to her mind was that the Fallen were… falling apart in their sparring. Even with Joshua's magic lowering all of their abilities in general, Nagini's sisters were just that powerful. Well, except maybe Margalo, but the little one's strengths lay in other areas.

With the "fight" over, if one could call it that, Nagini took the strongest of the Fallen in her hold and wrapped her body around her, squeezing. She tried to protest, little sad thing that she was, but the snake wasn't one for mercy. Not like Margalo was, not like Joshua was.

Cheshire turned towards her, but simply pressed the smallest of the Fallen into the ground with a paw. Morag clicked her mandibles, but continued wrapping the traitor, the one Joshua despised the most, in her webbing. Special webbing, poisoned just enough to not cross the line Joshua had set for them.

He wasn't looking at the moment. He was busy, doing his magic tests somewhere in the house with his mind too occupied to keep an eye on them. Besides, there was nothing to call his attention, with none of them truly crossing any lines.

Thus, Nagini and her sisters grew petty. Because the Fallen had hurt Joshua. Hurt him in ways that had seen to it that he didn't recover yet, even after his body went back to normal. Her sisters and her could only watch as the man that had picked them up, given them a life, given them power, suffered in silence.

They hated it.

So, Nagini glared at the strongest Fallen, she glared with all her might. Her magic reached out through her eyes, distorting, disturbing the control of her target as she'd grown able to do. She was so proud of her gaze, a gift that Joshua and the crystal presence had given her. Joshua had always praised her eyes, even back when she wasn't even smart enough to truly appreciate that.

She wanted to bite the Fallen so badly. They were amusing, and sad, but most of all, they were the reason Joshua suffered. They were the reason Joshua had changed and the sisters knew it, even if others barely knew the extent of it.

Joshua was a kind soul. He helped, he saved, he protected. He didn't hunt, that was what the sisters did. He should be helping others, saving lives and protecting. He shouldn't be out there, hunting, attacking, killing.

But he did, because he'd been hurt and Nagini couldn't stand it.

She'd grown so much. She'd grown in size, she'd grown in strength, she'd grown in intelligence… But for all her growth, she could do nothing to help Joshua. Nothing but sit there and do as he said, helping with what little she could, but it wasn't enough.

If only she could land her eyes on Joshua's enemies. If only she could sink her fangs on them. If only she could crush them with her body. If only she could at least find them…

Cheshire called for her and Nagini let go.

Her sister was right. Joshua wouldn't be happy with them if they took things further. It was still so very tempting to do it anyway. Joshua would forgive and forget, but they wouldn't and that was what stopped Nagini. She didn't want to add to the hurt.

She'd rather die.

So, she released the Fallen, who gasped for air pathetically on the ground. It made Nagini hiss a laugh, but her amusement wasn't quite strong enough to break through her hate. Because she hated the Fallen, the mages, the Chaos. Her sisters and her would help Joshua hunt and kill them all and then Joshua would be fine.

Then Joshua would be able to go back to who he was supposed to be.

A protector.

Margalo perched herself on top of Nagini's head, singing her best song. It made her relax, it made their sisters relax too. It wasn't even because of its effect, even if that had a good part to play in things. All of them knew what it meant and what it was, after all.

In a way, despite it being meant to be a calming melody, it solidified their determination, fueled their hatred. Nagini savored both, the soothing tunes and the darkness that welled up inside her. They'd all have to wait, but they'd get their chance, eventually. They'd get to do what they needed to eventually and Joshua would get his peace.

For the moment, however, they relaxed and listened to Margalo's song.

The Song of their Father.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"This is your fault," Yasaka accused, eyes narrowed with a look that he resolutely avoided.

"Are you gonna wake her up then?" he asked calmly, keeping his gaze down on what he was working on. No way he'd face the woman right then and there, after all. He wasn't masochistic.

"She should be doing her homework," Yasaka said, to which he had to hold back a smile.

"Homework that's not due tomorrow, so there's no rush," he pointed out, his lip twitching up. "And you didn't answer the question," he added, getting a huff in response.

"What do you think I am? A monster?" the woman asked him, clearly annoyed. "She looks too cute when she's asleep."

Looking down at his lap, Joshua had to agree wholeheartedly. Kunou had laid her head there at some point talking about this and that until she went quiet. Apparently, she'd either decided to avoid homework with a nap or he was just that comfy. It could even be both, he supposed.

"That she does," he said, voicing his agreement. "You are not usually annoyed by this sort of thing," he commented, drawing a sigh from her. Looking up, he saw that Yasaka's annoyance had bled away already, leaving place to weariness.

"I burned a lot of resources upping the security here when Khaos Brigade was targeting us," she admitted, deflating a little as she looked down at the documents in front of her. "Suddenly, it's troublesome to deal with things that were a triviality before. I lost a lot of the things I needed to keep my job going smoothly."

"Don't have as many strings to pull now, huh?" he asked, setting his pencil down and focusing fully on that conversation. He wasn't making much progress anyway, so he might as well take a break. Besides, Yasaka looked like she could use some help, or at least someone to talk to.

"To put it mildly," the woman said then, shoulders dropping as she looked at the files. 'Is she more expressive now or is it just me?' he wondered at that moment. He remembered her being a lot more… calm and collected when they'd first met. He wondered if that had changed and if it had, when.

That wasn't important at the moment.

"Anything I can help with?" he asked, tilting his head. "I might know someone, again," he pointed out, picking up his cup of tea and taking a sip. Apparently, getting Yasaka in contact with George's family had gone well. Joshua wasn't very sure why his student looked even more like a nervous wreck and seemed to think he owed Joshua even more now, even though he'd done this to get them to let go of that, but… Well, that wasn't very important at that moment either.

"I can't keep getting you to burn your own favors for me, Joshua," Yasaka told him, almost sounding angry. Almost, but not quite. "I'm already in your debt-"

"I thought we weren't keeping track of that sort of thing," he replied, raising an eyebrow and giving her a half-smile.

"Joshua, people will know you are helping me if you keep doing this. Once is fine, but if you start helping me a lot more… People will read into that," Yasaka told him and he grimaced. Politics, it always came down to fucking politics causing trouble. He should have known, really.

"And there's no way for me to keep helping without it being a problem?" he asked.

"It's not that it'd be a problem per se," she said, looking away from him. "People would just misunderstand," Yasaka added. "And they are your favors. I don't think there's a way for me to use them without people noticing."

"I mean, House of Water owes me a lot and I think I can call favors from Agnes while also keeping her quiet," he commented. "I'm fairly sure that she hasn't found something to pay me for the classes yet, so I could even count this as a favor too."

"You are an evil, evil man, Joshua Davis," Yasaka told him. Although, the smile on her face communicated a completely different message. "What did the poor woman do to you?"

"That's not even the best part though," he commented with a grin.

"Oh, do tell," she urged, leaning forwards a bit. The documents were forgotten for the moment and Joshua was happy to see that the woman had momentarily set aside her worries and weariness, apparently.

"Well, as far as I'm concerned, House of Water and me are already even. I teach classes for them and I get a ton of information from them. I get to see the circles and calculations of my students and I even get to gather information during testing and other things. I truly think both parties win in this arrangement. They don't see it that way though," Joshua explained with a grin and a chuckle.

"You'd make a good politician," Yasaka told him, making him gasp dramatically and place a hand on his chest as if he were deeply offended. "Shame that you hate that so much."

"I honestly can't be bothered," he said, dropping the act almost instantly. "I'm happy with the life I have. I don't need more… except for Khaos Brigade to not exist anymore. Once they are gone, I'll be content."

"As simple as that, huh?"

"I was never one for material things, or power. I just want a peaceful life, to go through my days without worries and to be able to do things I enjoy," he told her simply, a soft smile on his face. "Almost got me, by the way. Now, about those favors you need?"

The woman across from him huffed.

"First of all, I wasn't changing the topic," Yasaka protested, drawing a raised eyebrow from him. "I wasn't," she repeated, more intently this time. "Second of all…" she trailed off then, looking down at the papers laid on the table around her. "You think they'll keep quiet? It's not only me that these misunderstandings would affect. They'd affect you too."

"First of all," he started, copying her with a grin. "I'm sure they would keep it a secret. Second of all, what's the worst that people can make up anyway?" he asked, shaking his hand as he picked up the cup of tea set at his side. "I was always good at ignoring insults and such," he added, taking a sip from his drink.

"They might think you are trying to court me," she said bluntly, making him choke on his tea.

"W-What? Really?" he asked incredulously. To that, Yasaka only smiled wryly.

"You'd be pulling favors that are worth quite a lot for me. It wouldn't be too bad if you had a half-decent excuse for doing that, but then I'd have to pay the favors back. I'm not even sure you'd let me," she explained then, sighing. "So, if you are just giving that to me for free… Yes, people will think that."

"Wow, that's quite the compliment, for them to think I even have a chance with you," Joshua said, chuckling. Yasaka just raised an eyebrow. "Anyway, yeah, I guess I can see why that'd be troublesome for both of us," he said. Not only would it impact her reputation, but it would probably put a target on his back. Neither were something he was eager to be the cause of. "Don't worry though, I'll make sure they don't say a thing."

"You sound sure of that."

"Of course. I'll just tell Agnes that if a word gets out, I'll take my class with me somewhere else," Joshua said confidently. "I'm not an idiot. I know they are worth a lot. It's just that I don't care much for that, normally."

"Really starting to wonder if this poor woman did something to you," Yasaka commented with a smile. "Thank you."

"Don't mention it," he said, waving her off. "So, anything else you need help with other than what House of Water can help with?" he asked, looking down at the documents in front of Yasaka. "I'm not sure how secret I can keep any other favors though. And I don't have much to call on besides them. There's the devils, the church. I could get in contact with Azazel and trade him some information and wards, but knowing the guy…"

"I appreciate it, but House of Water is a great start, Joshua. Truly. It'll take a weight off my shoulders," Yasaka reassured him.

"I mean, helping make your job easier basically helps Kunou too, so there's that," he pointed out with a grin, bringing a hand down to softly run his fingers through their daughter's hair.

"Not for me, huh?"

"I mean, you are the one that keeps talking about owing and such, aren't you?" he pointed out. "If I need a reason to help you other than, you know, helping you, then just think I do it for Kunou."

Somehow, Yasaka's expression turned both fond and annoyed at the same time.

"Just, tell me if I can help. I want to help, yeah?"

"I'll keep that in mind."

With a nod, he left it at that, turning his attention back to his work and taking another sip from his cup of tea.

Across from him and out of his sight, Yasaka's expression changed again, this time to intense determination.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I actually added the Jeanne-Kunou part because someone in Discord said it'd been a while and I should and I kind of agreed. There's a lot of characters involved in GoM at this point and the number only seems to grow, so sometimes the balancing act gets a little difficult. Especially because there's some scenes and characters that draw more focus onto them than others. So, if you feel like someone's not getting enough attention or something, feel free to point it out at any point.

Other than that, I don't have much else to say.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter though.

Random Question: Do you take naps during the day? I don't, most of the time, but from time to time, I do feel like taking one.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 230 others
Adrian King
Jul 21, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 100 - When a Part Felt Too Hopeless New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#403
When a Part Felt Too Hopeless

Joshua sat outside of his house, looking towards the backyard as Rias' peerage trained against his familiars and the Fallen trio. The latter group was much less cohesive than the former, but that was expected, all things considered. They were still putting up a decent fight, to the point where the spar was just about even.

It was actually a little surprising, considering that he'd been training Rias' group for longer than the Fallen and even before all that, in canon they'd basically slapped Raynare's group like they were a particularly annoying fly. Was that another AU aspect or had his harsher, more constant training made a difference? Were his familiars making up for the difference? That didn't seem to be the case, especially since… Well, he'd had to give each of his familiars a handful of restrictions to make things more even.

He wasn't too focused on any of that, however, not really.

No, Joshua was more interested in what he was reading from the Fallen trio, through his spells and his senses. Nothing there was new to him, nothing there had changed overly much, but it still frustrated him to no end. There was fear there, a lot of that. Fear of him, fear of messing up, fear of making things worse, fear of the threat of experimentation.

It was almost all there was to them. Raynare's annoyance would bleed through sometimes when he gave orders or made his position over them more evident. Mittelt's hope would shine through sometimes, when he was at his "kindest", if one could call it that. Kalawarna's duplicity would stand out, when she thought he wasn't paying attention.

The bulk of it was their fear, however, and it was wearing on him.

"Am I making a mistake?" he asked Margalo, who was perched on his shoulder, overlooking the spar with him. The bird, in response, produced a few notes of her Gentle Song that helped him calm down. "That's not an answer," he commented with a slight smile that didn't reach his eyes.

Margalo trilled something that sounded suspiciously like a giggle.

"I just… I don't think this is me, girl," he said then, looking at the Fallen trio fighting.

It had felt great, to get some revenge after the mess that had happened with his family. He'd lost his family that day, with all three of them being "officially" dead as far as the supernatural was concerned. Joshua didn't know much more besides that, other than the fact that Serafall was pulling strings so that anybody trying to find them through the mundane would fail miserably.

They might not have died that day, but they as good as did, as far as Joshua was concerned. Knowing that they were living their lives happily and as if nothing had happened was a reassurance, for sure, but… He missed them. He missed thinking he had some of his original family loving him out there.

So, he'd taken the anger that generated in him out on the Fallen. It was their fault, after all. They'd been following orders, but that didn't mean they had to be as gleeful as they had been that day. That didn't mean they had to look down on humans as if they were barely bugs on the ground. Kalawarna had even known what was really going on and what she was helping cause and she'd been unrepentant…

Joshua had cared little about scaring and probably scarring the latter for life. As far as he was concerned, Khaos Brigade deserved anything they got. Mittelt and Raynare might have been in a marginally better situation too, but he'd enjoyed smacking them around and showing them that a human could very well stand over them.

With the pass of time, however, Joshua's anger and bitterness subsided. The fire wasn't a raging inferno anymore and with every day that went by, it grew smaller. The Fallen's fear no longer filled him with a sense of vindication. Instead, it just made him feel like a monster.

In his mind and through the Charm, he could feel Set scoffing and Shed supporting him. Joshua wasn't sure how to feel about that, but he could at least appreciate the cold beer that Nephthys sent him. It didn't help, but the cold, bitter drink pulled him away from his thoughts for a moment, which was actually helpful.

'Trying to make me an alcoholic?' he asked the goddess in his mind. In response, he only got amusement and some reassurance. That was good enough for him. He wasn't sure how good it was to have the support of those gods, but it still was nice to know there were people on his side. Hell, nobody he knew that knew about the Fallen had told him anything about what he did being wrong, nor shown any signs of thinking it was.

He imagined it might either be a world culture difference or a supernatural culture difference. Maybe it was even both. He knew the supernatural world was pretty dark once you really looked into it, but still… Well, he guessed it made some sense. Folklore, myths and stories were usually pretty dark if one really thought about it, especially old ones. So… Yeah, he guessed the world around him might be different from what he imagined.

Joshua wasn't sure what to make of that, so he took another sip of his drink and wondered what he thought of things instead of what others thought of them. He didn't get an answer, but mulling it over, he decided that maybe he should change his approach. Maybe the Fallen deserved what they got and more. Maybe they didn't.

Ultimately, however, Joshua didn't want the weight of his actions on his shoulders anymore. He'd punished them, and while he wasn't sure if that punishment was appropriate or not, he decided that it was good enough for him… For the most part.

There were some things left to do, but he guessed he could at the very least tone down the terrorizing.

[}-o-{]​

[Sairaorg Bael]

He could only watch, as was usual when it came to his mother.

However, this time wasn't like usual. He didn't feel the crushing knowledge that he was useless. He didn't feel like all his strength meant nothing in the face of something he couldn't beat by punching really hard. He didn't feel just as weak as he had when he'd been denied his place as heir of House of Bael.

Instead, Sairaorg felt hopeful.

He watched Joshua work, sitting at his mother's side with a notebook in his hands and a frown on his face. Despite this, however, his human friend had nothing but good things to say in regards to his information gathering. As Joshua told it, it was a matter of time before he cured Sairaorg's mother.

Empty promises and hollow reassurances, some might have said, but Sairaorg believed them.

After all, he knew Joshua Davis. The magician had a real talent for surpassing and completely shattering expectations. As far as Sairaorg was concerned, the man might as well be the next Merlin. Just like the aforementioned magician had cracked the Devil's magic system into something other humans could utilize, Joshua was cracking a Devil bloodline like they were a particularly hard equation and not something impossible to copy.

If there was someone that could make Sairaorg's mother wake up, he believed that could certainly be Joshua.

So, he waited expectantly, just like the other times when the magician had visited his mother to check on her. To hear Joshua talk about it, he seemed to have found a string to follow in his search for a cure, but he didn't have anything solid yet. That was more than Sairaorg had heard anyone remotely trustworthy say, and that was good enough for him.

Joshua sighing and leaning back on his seat and setting down his notebook on his lap. Then, he proceeded to massage his eyelids wearily. Sairaorg desperately wanted to ask him how it had gone, but he imagined that might be rather annoying and he didn't want to distract the man in case he was going over something. Joshua was doing him a great favor, after all. The last thing he wanted to do was make things harder for his friend.

"I didn't find anything in the files you gave him," Joshua started all of a sudden, giving him a weary look. "Did your mother have trouble with magic like you do?"

"Not as far as I'm aware. They even said she was good," Sairaorg answered honestly, a bitter smile trying to make its way to his face. "Not great, mind you, but certainly nothing like me," he added. He would know, he'd been told often enough that nobody knew where his "problem" came from.

"Ok, that's interesting," Joshua told him, taking a deep breath in as he regarded Sairaorg's mother with a side-glance. "I'm picking up some… interesting readings from her magic. I'll have to look deeper to know what they mean and what causes them, but if this isn't something that was there before, then that means it could be related to the Sleeping Disease."

"Anything I can do to help?" Sairaorg asked then, wanting more than anything to do something other than standing there. Maybe there really was hope, after all. Maybe his mother could be saved, helped.

"Having more solid information about the state of her magic and her magic… talent, for lack of a better word, through her life and before the disease could be useful," Joshua told him, noting something down on a page of his notebook that he ripped off before continuing. "I also need to know if there are any other diseases that cause anomalies with a devil's magic-"

"There are some," Sairaorg replied. He knew quite a bit about those, considering that he'd repeatedly been taken to get checked for those. "I can get you the information on them though."

"Good, that'd help a lot," Joshua told him, bringing a hand up to run his fingers through his hair. "I'm sure I can find some more information from other places, just in case," he added then. His eyes seemed to focus again as his mind got to working once more. It was slightly unnerving, to know that Joshua's mind was working once more, almost like he wasn't there at all, really. "Yeah, I'll probably have to pull some strings to make sure I have all the information," he added then, cracking his neck as he stood up. "I think that's all I'll be able to pick up with my new spells."

"Same time next week?" Sairaorg asked, mostly joking. He did want to know when his friend would visit again, but he knew he couldn't just rush this. He dearly wanted to, but he knew it'd take time.

"I don't know about that, but I'll come back as soon as I can," Joshua replied, giving him a sad, understanding smile. "I think I can help her, Sairaorg, and I can promise you that I'll do my best."

"I know," he said then, not realizing a knot had formed in his throat until he went to speak again. "I just… Thank you."

"Nothing to thank me for. That's what friends are for, right?" Joshua asked, but there was a tinge of awkwardness in his tone. A sense of… insecurity.

Sairaorg couldn't have that.

"Indeed," he answered firmly. "But that doesn't mean I can't try to repay you for what you are doing for me. This means the world to me, Joshua, and I'll make sure you know that."

"I do, but I won't stop you if you are determined," the magician told him then, giving him a somewhat amused smile. "I don't think I could anyway."

"You'd be right about that," Sairaorg confirmed with a nod and a grin of his own.

"Well, I have work to do, on several fronts," the human said then, running his fingers through his hair once more as he stood up. "Take care of yourself, yeah? Don't train too hard."

"No promises," he replied with a chuckle.

Having hope… it felt great.

[}-o-{]​

[Issei Hyoudou]

"Issei, calm down," Aika told him, but how could he, considering what they'd just been told? That… How…? What…? Why…? When…? Where…? He had a lot of questions, basically, and he didn't even know where to begin.

"Buddy, maybe you should think about evening out your breathing, yeah? I don't think that's healthy," Joshua suggested, sitting across from him, which actually got through his muddled thoughts. "Issei, you seem to be thinking really hard about something and I don't think that's good for your health either."

"Very funny, Joshua," he grumbled breathlessly. He couldn't even muster actual annoyance though, instead sounding more like a terrified kid. "Joshua…"

"Yeah? Wanna tell me why you stormed in here like you've seen a ghost?" the man asked, pushing a cup of tea towards both Issei and Aika. They took them gratefully, almost like he'd offered them a lifeline. That was when Issei noticed that his girlfriend seemed to be about as freaked out as he felt, even if she was better at masking it. She was smarter than him though, so that made sense, he supposed.

"More like a devil," Aika said, and Issei swallowed the too hot drink too fast, feeling it burn his throat as he coughed. "Someone just came to us today telling us that there's devils, and magic, and monsters, and legends… That they are real," the girl explained. "Can you believe that?"

"I mean, that sounds crazy, yeah," Joshua replied, and Issei couldn't, for the life of him, figure out how he managed to say that like they were commenting on the weather instead of telling him… That.

"They had proof though," Issei took over then, slightly manic. "They showed us magic and all. I… We aren't making this up, I swear!"

"I know you aren't, Issei," Joshua told him calmly.

"I swear! I… You what?" he stuttered then, after realizing that his boss and… sort of brother figure wasn't actually calling them crazy or anything of the sort.

"You know about it too?" Aika asked then, narrowing her eyes.

"I do," Joshua admitted, giving them a smile that seemed sort of… tired and sad, but also happy. "I'm a magician myself."

"You can do magic?" Issei asked, his eyes wide.

"That's what a magician does, yeah. It's kind of in the name, right?" the man said, his grin widening.

"But… Why didn't you tell me?" Issei couldn't help but feel a little hurt about that. He'd thought they were close. They were no strangers to each other, for sure. So why…

"There's no easy way to explain that kind of thing to someone, is there?" Joshua asked, leaning back on his chair. "Hey Issei, myths are real and I can do magic, neat right?" he said then, acting as if he were actually telling him that before. "You get what I mean?"

"Sort of…" Issei mumbled. "Still though…"

"For what it's worth, I'm sorry for keeping it a secret but… I like having a mundane side to my life, even if it's small. I guess that included you. I didn't want to ruin that… Or change that, more like," Joshua explained then, sounding like he really meant his apology.

"Did you know?" Aika asked then, eyes narrowed. "About Issei's… gear thing?"

"Sacred Gear," Joshua corrected goodheartedly. "And yes, I knew."

"I think we could use a second opinion on this," Issei's girlfriend commented, eyes thoughtful behind her glasses. "We just got offered the "opportunity" to become devils and such but… It sort of came out of nowhere," Aika explained, carefully using the same words Gremory had used when she'd given them her speech.

Issei still couldn't believe that had happened.

Or that some of the prettiest girls at school seemed to all be devils.

That'd been a bit of a shock.

"Sure thing, I'll answer any question you have and tell you as much as you want," Joshua agreed easily. "I'm surprised they approached you though. Did they know about your magic talents or was that just because you are Issei's girlfriend?"

"Magic talents?" Aika asked then, while Issei was too busy blinking, shocked at the new piece of information.

"I mean, you are no great magician, of course, but you have more magic than the average person, that's for sure," Joshua explained then, looking between them for a moment. "Your magic energy also seems to be more… stable, for lack of a better word, than the average."

"Does that mean I can learn magic?" his girlfriend asked, very obviously getting pulled into a new topic by sheer force of curiosity. Issei was fine with that, he wanted to know more about her and he trusted Joshua. Just because he'd hidden the fact that he knew the supernatural, it didn't mean he was a completely different person, right?

Issei certainly hoped so.

"Sure you can," Joshua confirmed with a nod.

"What types of magic are there?"

"There's magic for just about everything you can think of, really," the man answered, shrugging. "If you are curious about something, I have an in with a magician association. I can get you some books and maybe a teacher or ten."

"Magician association?"

"A group of magicians that band together to keep themselves safe and teach each other, more or less," Joshua explained. "Humans are mostly… bottom of the barrel, really, so most of them join a faction of some kind."

"Like the devils," Aika finished then, narrowing her eyes as her mind got back on track.

"Yeah."

"What about you?"

"I've managed to stay mostly independent. I still depend on other factions, but I'm sort of disconnected from all of them."

"So, you might be our best bet for an unbiased opinion, is what you are saying?"

"Not really, but I guess you could be right."

All the while, Issei could do little else other than following his girlfriend and his friend's conversation like one would a tennis match.

"Wait, they weren't lying about harems being common in devil society?" he asked then, the words spilling out of his mouth before he could stop them. Both Joshua and Aika turned towards him then and raised an eyebrow.

"That's what you focused on?" both of them asked him as he drew into himself. If magic was real, maybe he could make the ground swallow him?

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"I said I was sorry, already," he protested, rolling his eyes at the two women in front of him. "We've done a handful of test runs already too. Can you two stop glaring at me whenever we do this?"

"We would, but we need to get our point across," Serafall told him, adding narrowed eyes and pouting to her glare. Next to her, Yasaka gave him a supremely unimpressed look, as if he shouldn't even be asking that.

"For the who knows how many times, I'm sorry, okay? I'm an idiot, I get it," he said, but didn't seem to help much. "What do you want from me?" he asked, all but admitting defeat… again.

"For you not to be an idiot like that again," Yasaka told him, adding a touch of hurt into her voice that really was just mean. "Joshua, testing something like this by yourself? And so shortly after your extreme magical exhaustion?"

"I won't do it again, ok? I promise," he replied softly, all but deflating on his seat.

"We'll hold you to that, mister," Serafall declared, pointing at him for emphasis.

"We care about you, Joshua," Yasaka told him in a way that made his inside twist almost painfully. "And we aren't the only ones. So… Do remember that, ok? Being reckless like that…"

"I get it," he said in a whisper. "I'm sorry. I really am."

"You should be," Serafall muttered, huffing and turning away from him for a moment. "Meanie."

"With that said, I do believe we came here for something," Yasaka reminded them, to which Joshua gave her his most grateful look. The two of them had mostly forgiven him for testing the Phoenix Spell for the first time by himself without anyone there to make sure things went well and everything, but every time since then that he called them when he needed further attempts… Well, they let him know their annoyance very thoroughly.

"Right… So, I've made a few more tweaks to this circle," Joshua explained, turning his attention to the drawing set down on the table and the wardstone on top of it. "For one, I've finished making it so that it'll work on any fully human person, not just me or designated people. It still won't work on anything not 100% human, but I'm getting there. I've also managed to tone down how taxing it is on the wardstone a bit, so it'll hopefully not blow up this time."

"Like the other three times you said that?" Serafall asked, trying and failing to act innocent while doing that.

"Yes," he grumbled. "Exactly like that. It almost worked last time though, so it should work now," he added, bringing a hand to his locket and rubbing his thumb over it as he considered the new circle for a moment, as if that would somehow shine new information on him.

"What about the magical drain?" was Yasaka's question then.

"I'm… Not quite focusing on that just yet," Joshua admitted, cringing a little under the return of the harsh glares. "The spell works fine in that regard. Sure, I would love to reduce how much it exhausts me, but it doesn't have any real negative aspects to it. I can leave that problem for last as it is."

"If you would just let one of us power the spell-" Serafall went to say, not for the first time.

"I know you have larger reserves than me, but I need to have as good a read of this as possible and that means feeling the magic drain too. I don't want to miss anything," Joshau explained once more, drawing a pout from the magical girl. "I'm fine, really. It tires me out, but it's not even proper magical exhaustion."

"We know that," Yasaka replied, sighing. Why did they have to make him feel guilty? It wasn't even that bad!

"I fixed a number of other little things, but that's the gist of it, really," Joshua said then, taking a moment to prepare himself for the test. He needed to be really focused on it, after all. For the same reason he'd just explained, really, to get every little detail down.

"Like the one thing that broke the magic of your dye job?" Serafall asked, now more amused than anything as he grimaced. That hadn't been a fun moment, especially because Kunou had seen him before he could reapply the spell. Poor girl hadn't taken that well until they explained to her what happened and that no he wasn't taking that back.

"Yeah, that shouldn't happen again…" he mumbled.

"Hopefully?" the woman asked, once more trying to act innocent. He just gave her an unimpressed expression.

"Now who's the meanie?" he shot back, drawing a dramatic gasp from the magical girl.

"Joshua, Serafall?" Yasaka called then, bringing them back to the present.

"Right, let's get to it, yeah?" he said, finally casting the spell. In front of him, Serafall gave a wave of her staff to put a magical barrier between them and the wardstone just in case it exploded, again. Joshua couldn't even really bring himself to be annoyed by that, considering how many times he'd thought he had that down and didn't.

With everything set up, he brought out a knife and once more cut into his arm. Immediately, the spell's flames appeared over the wound and he looked expectantly at the wardstone. It shone, and he felt the heat rolling off of it even without his other spells telling him that, but it didn't so much as crack, which was awesome.

"Success!" Serafall cheered then while Joshua grinned.

"Congratulations," Yasaka told him, smiling widely. "Now what?" she added then, knowing him well enough to know that his mind immediately moved to the next step.

"Well, I have to check it over to make sure that the range of targets actually went to all humans. From there, I just have to continue expanding the filter until it works on anyone. I have to continue working on lessening the tax on the wardstone and then work on lessening the magic cost of the spell. That's the least important part though, since I might be able to tie it down to a magic draining array like the ones I use to power my other spells," Joshua explained, grinning down at the warstone sitting innocently on the table. "Overall, progress is being made."

And oh was he happy with it.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I know some people were expecting something big to happen in this chapter, and I really did have some ideas to have that happen. However, unfortunately, my writing doesn't quite work like that. Every time I was considering making something happen, I always ran into a wall telling me that it wasn't time and that it was forcing things to happen, which you might know by now is something I don't like doing.

So, I guess this is me apologizing for the disappointment if you expected some great 100th chapter update.

Sorry.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter regardless.

Random Question: I don't remember the last time I asked this so… How are you liking the story so far? Any part/s in particular you liked?

See you.

PS: It's been quite a while since I gave you guys a full look into Joshua's skills and such, so I'm gonna do that now. It's… Probably gonna be a long ass list. So, if you think this is unnecessary or something, do let me know and I probably won't bother again.

Spoiler: Character Sheet
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 218 others
Adrian King
Jul 22, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 101 - I Wanna Feel Better New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#405
I Wanna Feel Better

"Are you ready?" Joshua asked as they reached their destination. "Didn't forget anything, right?"

"We have everything and yes, I'm ready, Mr.-" He fixed Asia with a hard stare. "Joshua," she mumbled, a slight smile on her face. That was more like it. He'd put up with it for a while but… Well, it felt weird to still be called that after so long.

"You know what to do if someone bothers you?" he asked then, specifically looking at the young nun. It wasn't like Jeanne needed him to tell her anything in regards to that. He honestly pitied anyone that decided to pick on his sister. Between her boyfriend and her, they'd probably die or something.

"Not tell you nor Jeanne because you'll do something rash?" Asia answered, not quite managing to sound neither casual nor innocent even if he could tell she tried. Instead, all she managed was a shy, nervous expression, smile still in place, as she turned her head slightly down.

"Look at her, already making jokes," Joshua said, using his other hand to wipe an imaginary tear. "They grow up so fast, Jeanne."

"She's my age, you know?" his sister pointed out flatly.

"And you are back talking to me," he replied, feigning dismay. "Where's the nervous girl that didn't even know how to stand straight?"

"Joshua!" Jeanne exclaimed, scandalized.

"So fast," he repeated, shaking his as if he were lamenting the passage of time. "Back in my day-"

"If you are done, old man," his sister interrupted, rolling her eyes at him. Asia, next to her, giggled behind her hand. 'Mission accomplished,' Joshua thought. After all, the girl had been really nervous about her first day at Kuoh Academy, so he'd thought he might try and help her relax.

"Good luck, you two," he told them, deciding that that was enough acting.

"Thank you, Joshua," Asia replied with a kind smile and a wave.

As he waved back, his eyes darted to the school's entrance where Sona stood by the door. The devil girl gave him a nod when she noticed his gaze, to which he replied with a half-smile. Yeah, Asia would be in good hands. Besides, his wards over Kuoh were almost as good as the ones over his own house, only weakened by the fact that they covered much more ground.

"She'll be fine," Jeanne reassured him, giving him a pat on the back. "I'll keep an eye on her, and I'm not gonna be the only one."

"Thanks. I know I'm being a bit overprotective but… It's just-"

"I get it, Josh. She's… Not weak but-"

"Fragile," he finished for her.

"We are helping her get better though. She's getting there," Jeanne told him. "See you later."

"Later," he replied with a nod. He knew his sister was right. Asia had come a long way from the girl that couldn't stand up for herself. She wasn't that girl that was surprised by small acts of kindness and that thought she didn't deserve anything. She wasn't quite where he'd have liked, but as Jeanne said, she was getting there.

With a nod, he turned where he stood, trying to ignore the eyes on him. If he hadn't known better, he'd have thought half the students at the entrance were staring at him. Joshua knew it was just his general shy self being uncomfortable with so many people around, but still… The fact that he looked so different from most people made things even worse, since he stood out like a sore thumb.

Fortunately, once he was a little further from the school, he just cast an illusion and teleported back home.

Once there, he took a moment to check more carefully on his spells and senses. The Fallen trio was at the training grounds while his familiars were sort of scattered all around. After a moment of consideration, he made his way towards the formers. 'Might as well get some training done and then I can go see Kunou and Yasaka,' he mused with a smile.

When he arrived, he cast a glance towards the three Fallen. All of them had paused what they were doing when he walked in, freezing up and turning to look at him. He simply gave them a wave of his hand to get them to go back to what they were doing. Before starting to do his own thing, however, he checked on them.

Kalawarna seemed to be where the training spells were constantly on, working out. Raynare, for her part, was in the target practice zone, throwing light spears. Then there was Mittelt, who was sitting on the ground, close by. Joshua was fairly sure the latter was training her sensing, since that seemed to be her strongest point.

Taking all this in, he walked up to the blonde Fallen, drawing a slightly nervous expression from her. The other two didn't notice, however, since he'd put up an illusion before moving. Joshua kept his expression calm, clear, feeling the woman's emotions start to get agitated.

"I-Is there something you need, sir?" she asked him, gulping.

"You could say that," he answered, turning his head to look at the other two Fallen for a moment. "They can't hear nor see us," he informed her then, looking back at Mittelt, who looked far from reassured by this statement. "I'm sure you know that I don't trust any of you three."

"We haven't done anything, sir. Raynare and I even keep an eye on Kala-"

"I know," he said, interrupting her and making her mouth click shut. "I noticed," he added. A slight smile forming on his face, barely a hint at the corner of his lips. "Funny that you mention that. I wanted to tell you something in regards to that."

"You did?" she asked, clearly unsure of where he was going.

"Yes, I want you to keep an eye on Kalawarna," he told her, only managing to confuse her more. After all, she'd just told him she was doing that and he told her that he knew about that. "And Raynare," he added then, making her eyes widen. "You seem like the smartest of the three. Or, at least, the one with a better sense of self-preservation."

"Thanks?" Mittelt answered, clearly unsure if she should take that as the compliment it sounded like or if he was secretly mocking her.

"Kalawarna is just waiting to stick a knife in my back and Raynare isn't much different. So I guess I'm left with you as the reliable one," he told her before nodding and shrugging. Then he fixed her with a more intent look that made her stiffen. "That's all, keep an eye on them for me, yeah? I can't always be watching."

"I will, sir," she replied with a squeak.

"With that said, I have things to do," he said, turning and leaving.

With his back towards her and the illusions still hiding his actions from the other two, he grinned widely. 'Maybe all that acting with Serafall is more useful than I thought,' he mused. Not that he was going to tell the Satan that.

It'd just make her want to make him take part in even more parts of her show.

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

Another day, another raid at Hexennacht.

That wasn't quite how things went, but they'd attacked three of the stray magician bases in as many weeks, really. Raynare wasn't sure how she felt about Davis managing to do so much damage to an association that had held itself up for so long. The general message she got was that the human was certainly not someone to be crossed.

Not that she had any such delusions, if she were honest.

Even without seeing the kind of things he could do, she had thought it almost impossible to actually go against him. After watching his twisted, disturbing projects in action and witnessing how far his reach went… Well, safe to say the thought of trying to do something of the sort and failing terrified her.

She might be a proud Fallen, but she liked to think she wasn't stupid.

Considering some things, she was less than pleased with the doubts in regards to that last part that arose in her mind.

Regardless of all that, Raynare wanted, above all, to be better. So, she tried to do just that. She trained with and without Davis, using every tool offered to her by the man so that she'd get that much stronger. She studied, not only from the limited amount of books the man had offered them, but also from the man himself. She watched Davis do his own things, at least for as long as he was in the house and out and about, which wasn't much.

However, there were little things to look for, especially when they were training together. The way he directed his familiars against the Fallen, the way he directed the Fallen against his familiars, the way he fought against one group, or the other, or both. With more or less words involved, there was something to be learned in that, she supposed.

Raynare hated it.

It was admitting that a human was better than her and she despised the mere idea. However, what she disliked even more was doing nothing while knowing that was the case. Denying the fact would be a height of stupidity she didn't want to reach. Accepting it and not trying to get better would have been even worse.

She refused to stay a weakling.

If Davis was stronger than her, how many other humans or lowly beings would be too? Maybe she couldn't match a freak of nature like Joshua Davis, but if she could lower the number of pathetic creatures that stood above her, then all the better. She was… compromising, as it were. It made her blood burn and filled her with the need to kill something, or several hundred somethings… But she could do nothing about that.

It was better to focus on something he could actually do something about.

So, instead, she took all her frustrations out on the Hexennacht magicians during the raids. It was a surprisingly good outlet, honestly, and Davis didn't seem to mind overly much if she went a little rougher than necessary. Evidently, the stray organization was on his shitlist too, and that was all the better for Raynare. The more people that were on the list, the more chances that she'd go lower in it, which meant that Davis would focus on them instead of on her.

With any luck, that would go on long enough for the human to forget about her almost entirely.

Unlikely, but a girl could dream.

For the moment…

A magician cried out as one of her light spears skewered her through the chest. It reminded her of why it was so good a de-stressing technique to attack these people. They were weak. Weaker than her, more specifically. After getting her ass handed to her by Davis (a human), his Familiars (animals, admittedly superpowered, but still), Davis' sister, who was apparently a Hero Descendant so that made it mildly more understandable and a bunch of Devil brats…

Raynare was fucking tired of getting beaten. Sure, some fights were more even than others and she and her fellow Fallen sometimes would get the upper hand, but still. So many losses and struggling victories would wear on her. Hexennacht magicians thought? They were next to nothing. They were certainly good enough to remind Raynare that no, she wasn't at the bottom of the food chain as she sometimes felt.

"Someone's enthusiastic," she heard from the side and she considered it an absolute win that she didn't flinch or otherwise react. When had the bastard gotten so close? "Don't mind me," he told her, sounding amused. Raynare didn't even look at him. Somehow, she knew what type of expression to expect. Davis sounded like he knew exactly what reaction he'd gotten out of her, even without her showing it.

'Stupid sensing, stupid wards,' she grumbled internally.

"Did you need anything?" she asked, trying and probably failing at keeping her annoyance under control.

"Not really, no," the man replied casually, as if his familiars weren't completely decimating the magicians around, as if Raynare and her fellow Fallen weren't killing people left and right. He stood there, as if he weren't the cause of the massacre going on.

As she'd come to realize, Davis regarded the battlefield with the cold mind of someone doing a scientific experiment. It took an especially disturbing turn, she had learned, when he literally tested things on the field. How someone such as him, someone that seemed so…gentle, could turn into such a person out in the field was…

A magician fell to the ground and Raynare noticed Davis' head turning towards the man rather sharply. That got her attention too, as she focused most of her attention on that poor bastard while sending one last spear into another Hexennacht member. Davis spoke then, and his words gave pause to Mittelt and Kalawarna as much as they did her.

"I wonder how Project Fall will go," he commented idly, tilting his head as if to get a better look at the magician. Raynare didn't notice anything too important about that though. He looked like any of the other people that she'd seen fall prey to the Draining Wards and the Parasitizing Hexes. Weak, barely able to move for the moment until he finally succumbed to the lack of energy.

Still, she'd learned her lesson with Project Winter. She watched intently as time passed, having to take some attention away to continue fighting. Although, to be honest, Davis' familiars seemed to have things handled by themselves. It was a little sad that they were three raids in and Hexennacht hadn't managed to pull themselves together yet.

That wasn't important at the moment.

The first hint of a difference didn't come from the magician himself but from Mittelt. Raynare heard her gasp and she turned to look at her. The blond Fallen was now pale, a disturbed expression on her face that spoke of something Raynare couldn't begin to guess. That is, until she was given a clue.

"Hm, so, when there's no magic, life energy automatically takes its place," Davis commented, making her break in cold sweat. It didn't take a genius to realize what Project Fall was. Draining the energy out of something, until there was literally nothing else and then keeping it up. "Good to know," he added idly, before waving his hand, presumably to let the poor bastard of a magician stuff suffering, if he could even suffer anymore in his passed out state, and letting one of his familiars take the kill.

The only project they hadn't witnessed or heard about yet was Summer, and Raynare was both curious and scared of finding out what it was.

[}-o-{]​

[Elizabeth Báthory]

She was very scared of Joshua Davis.

She'd learned, before ever truly interacting with the man, that he was concerningly good at magic. When she'd felt his spells wash over her and the presence they held, she had decided that he was someone to be wary of. After meeting and interacting with him, she had decided that he was unpredictable, and an unpredictable opponent was the worst kind of opponent.

Now, however, Elizabeth held nothing but a very healthy amount of fear for the man.

When she'd given him the information about Hexennacht, she'd expected a number of things to happen. She'd noticed, fairly easily at that, Davis' contempt for the organization, but she'd assumed it was the general disregard that many magicians held for their stray counterparts. She'd thought the man wanted to find some information or resources less… publicly available. Or any number of other options.

She didn't think he'd be hunting them.

Then she heard through her sources in the less than stellar side of the magic community that the Hexennacht had lost one of their bases. Not even that long afterwards, a second fell. Now, she'd just heard of the third.

It couldn't be a coincidence, but she so sorely wanted it to be one. Elizabeth was no fool, however. There was no way something else entirely had caused that to happen. Especially considering that the first base to fall was, to her knowledge, the one that she'd given him the most information about.

Terrifying, that might be.

But it was also something else.

An opportunity.

Unfortunately for Elizabeth she couldn't take that opportunity on her own. No, she needed help to be able to truly exploit the chance that had presented itself in front of her. She also would need the help of someone she'd rather avoid, but needs must.

Such was the thought process that found her walking towards a particular destination. A familiar corridor around her and an equally as familiar door presented itself in front of her. Determinedly, she knocked on it, waiting for a response she knew would come. At that moment though, she wondered if it would really be worth it.

It was a fleeting moment, however. The Báthory family had been battling against fate and death for all their lives. Way back to the first time one of them noticed that their family was dying too young by magical human standards, all the way to present times. Elizabeth knew the whole story like the back of her hand.

A story of obsession and madness that would likely continue way into the future.

"Come in," the voice from inside called and Elizabeth walked inside. "Báthory."

"Waterhouse," she greeted neutrally, because much as she despised the woman, Elizabeth needed her now. 'Beggars can't be choosers,' she thought to herself despondently.

"To what do I owe the… pleasure?" the Director of House of Water asked, making it clear that her visit was anything but.

"You are struggling to find something to use as payment for Davis," Elizabeth said, going straight to the point in a way that caught Waterhouse visibly off guard. She took some pleasure in being able to do that sometimes. "Don't deny it, I know you are," she cut off, before the other woman could try and lie.

"... Let's say this hypothetical situation of yours is right," Waterhouse started, making Elizabeth roll her eyes. "You are bringing this up… Why, exactly?"

"Because I found a way for us both to benefit. A way for you to get at least some of your debt paid off and for me to earn some favor for myself," she said, making the Director tilt her head, confused. She couldn't really blame the woman. Elizabeth and Waterhouse had practically hated each other since forever ago, all the way back to when they were both students at their association.

"Only some?"

"Waterhouse, don't be stupid. You are less smart than me, but you are no idiot," Elizabeth told her, narrowing her eyes. "Do you honestly think there's a way you could pay him back that wouldn't involve something absolutely ridiculous? Considering how much his classes have helped and earned you? Your best bet is finding as many chances to do small favors for him as you can and go from there."

In a rare moment of weakness, Elizabeth saw Waterhouse grimace ever so slightly.

"Davis is hunting down Hexennacht."

At that, the Director's eyes widened. For a second, at least, before they narrowed. Elizabeth saw then, as her fellow magician's mind worked, almost hearing the gears turning. And then, she saw the exact moment in which Waterhouse realized what she was telling her.

"I see." That simple answer was all Elizabeth needed to hear. With a wide grin and a very much not friendly look in her eyes, she posed a question to her rival.

"So… is your bureaucratic ass stuck in that chair or are you fit enough to go after some strays?"

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

She sat contently in the backyard of her dad's house. Joshua sat with her mother back right outside said building while Kunou herself was in the middle of the green grass, her back resting against Nagini. She'd decided to spend some time with her dad's familiars, since her mother and him were talking about business, it seemed.

Apparently, they were discussing, once more, about how Joshua could help Yasaka with her struggles without anyone noticing. A shame, really, since Kunou thought other people assuming her dad was courting her mother might push the two to actually get on with it. Maybe it'd happen anyway? She could only hope.

As it was, she was content to see them interacting more and she'd occasionally get promising glimpses, which was great. A smile from her dad here, a blush from her mother there, a comment, a gesture… There were lots of things that gave Kunou hope. It was a matter of time, she was sure.

She'd have to be patient… Which she didn't much like, but she'd take what she could.

A meow made Kunou turn to look at Cheshire, in her small, normal cat form, walking up to her and rubbing against her. Absently, she started petting the cat before the familiar's amber eyes stared up at her. She didn't quite get what the feline was trying to tell her, but she got the gist of it.

Reassurance.

"I know," she mumbled, not sure how much Cheshire knew. "I just… Waiting isn't my strong suit," she added, deflating a little bit.

Margalo joined then, singing a song of softness, of warmth, of goodness. It made her relax and smile as she fully leaned against Nagini's body. The snake in question, for her part, hissed something that Kunou thought sounded suspiciously like a giggle.

"Where's Morag?" Kunou asked, blinking curiously as she realized that she hadn't seen the spider for a bit. Cheshire replied to that, meowed and pointing towards one side. "Did she go away?" That was answered with a shake of the feline's head. "Hm, I guess we can wait for her to play something?"

Margalo answered that one with an affirmative, and very enthusiastic, chirp.

"Guess that's what we are doing," Kunou mumbled, still petting Cheshire. Deciding to get comfortable, she rested her head on the scaled back of Nagini. She closed her eyes too, but she wasn't feeling sleepy, really.

She just… liked the peaceful atmosphere and the company. It was nice to know that she had company, that she wasn't alone while surrounded by people anymore. It was nice to know that not only was her mother right there, ready to answer any question or just talk with her if she needed to. It was nice to know that she had a dad at all now too.

"I wonder what you'd say, about some of the things I think," Kunou said softly. She had never quite told the familiars about her hopes, her wishes. Nor anyone else other than her own mother, really, she supposed. She knew they shared a connection with Joshua and she didn't know how deep that went. She didn't want to risk things getting back to Joshua. What if that didn't go well? She didn't want to ruin everything by pushing her luck.

Cheshire meowed, rubbing her head against her side once more. It made Kunou smile. She liked to think that meant the feline was on board with her dream, even if she likely didn't even know what she was talking about. She could at least fool herself into thinking that.

"Do you think we are family too?" Kunou asked and the three familiars with her stopped for a moment. A moment that made her wonder if she'd made a mistake. That is, until then all three of them reacted.

Nagini let out one of her hissing giggles. Even Cheshire seemed amused, although it was more difficult to tell that when she did what she'd done a number of times already, meow and rub herself against Kunou. Somehow, she managed to convey different things through those gestures. As for Margalo, the poor bird looked more confused than anything, chirping at her as if she didn't understand something.

The gigantic snake then moved, her tail raising up and revealing Morag, who had apparently weaved a web on her. Kunou looked at it curiously, noticing a pattern, not unlike the drawings the spider would make somet-

Kunou paused then, blinking as her eyes started watering.

"I see," she mumbled, trying not to sob. "Thank you," she added, as all four familiars gathered more closely, leaning on her. Kunou couldn't quite look away from the web, however, as she read the single word on it.

'Sister.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

You know, I might just stop writing chapter notes altogether. Most of the time I don't have much to say regarding a chapter except expressing my doubts, which I'm sure you are all tired of reading about. So… Yeah, maybe I should just drop the occasional random question and be done with it, right?

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Only one Season Project to go, make your guesses, people!

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 233 others
Adrian King
Jul 22, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 102 - Faith Is Moving Without Knowing New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#409
Faith Is Moving Without Knowing

"No offense, but you being here is kind of worrying," Joshua commented, receiving an elbow to his side courtesy of Jeanne and making Cheshire sigh. In front of him, Griselda's eye twitched and Xenovia and Irina looked at him like he was a confusing, disturbing and insulting sight. Those were some reactions to get, but he could kind of understand.

Still though, rude.

"Is that so?"

"The last time someone strong was added to one of my visits to you, guys, it was because there was danger of attack," Joshua explained, grinning wryly. "So, I think you can connect the dots between that and now a Seraph making an appearance."

"I assure you, while this base is the most important you've visited so far, I'm not here for any safety concerns," Gabriel reassured amicably. It was relieving to hear that, Joshua would admit, but that didn't stop him from checking thoroughly with Magic and Life Sense. Sure, the angel could probably very easily keep a secret from him, but one never knew. "No, I'm here for a… social visit, if you will." Yeah, he didn't believe that for a single second. "Michael wanted to tell you that he's thankful you seem to have been treating Asia right. He was very happy when he saw her the other day."

Oh, the head Seraph had checked on Asia?

The Church had picked her up to slowly give her duties and help her be an actual part of the machine that made the Church once more. She'd basically been taken out of the equation with the mess that was that faction as of late, but that had changed now. Asia would be a more active member of it, even if it was little by little.

It was nice to know that the higher ups in there cared for her, Joshua would admit.

"It's what you paid me for," he replied simply, looking around the room he'd been directed to in order to cast some more defenses for the Church. Carnwennan had been a great addition to his arsenal, after all, and Joshua was more than happy with it. Looking after Asia, and being more connected with the Church was a small price to pay, the Holy Dagger fit him too well to pass it up, he now knew.

Even through the dimensional separation between him and the weapon that now laid in his personal Storage Spell, he felt the dagger give him what one could describe as an affectionate thanks.

"Be that as it may, you didn't have to go to the lengths you did, and for that my brother is grateful," Gabriel told him, smiling beautifully at him.

"Well, you are welcome," he replied, deciding to just let things go. No need to keep the back and forth. He was there for a job, after all. Better get on with it before someone had the time to attack them. "Now then…" he mumbled, pulling up his notebook and summoning all the circles and wardstones into the room so that he could get started setting up the arrays. Before he could do that, he paused. "Nagini, stop spooking the girl."

"I'm not spooked!" Irina squeaked from the side, standing straight and half-glaring at him. Poor girl didn't seem to realize she'd basically given herself away. "I'm not!" she protested when everyone turned her way.

"Sure you aren't," Joshua replied with a roll of his eyes. After that, though, he gave his snake familiar a pointed look. She didn't sound very apologetic, considering the hissing giggle she let out, but it was what it was. He just really hoped Nagini wasn't turning into a bully.

Her offended reaction was a little reassuring, he supposed.

"Is…" a new voice started from the side. "She feels… holy," Xenovia decided to go with in the end, looking at Cheshire who was sitting in front of the girl, in her cat form, and looking up at the Excalibur wielder. The familiar meowed up at the swordswoman.

"That's because she is," Joshua replied, gaining everyone's attention. "A holy tiger, as far as I've been able to gather," he explained.

Which wasn't much at all, really. He'd not been able to find much information regarding most of his familiars. Holy tigers, curse snakes or song birds were a mystery. If they existed in the world, then none of the people that wrote the books he checked had been aware of that. That was saying something, considering that Sirzechs Lucifer himself had provided him with some pretty obscure books that belonged to devil families more connected to animals and such.

Sure, there were some references and other creatures that fit somewhat with their descriptions and such. Lots of birds that channeled powers through cries and songs, for example. However, nothing concrete about those specific races, at least from what he'd found.

Morag, however, had rendered much better results, even if they didn't clear much stuff up.

Earth Spider wasn't supposed to be a literal name, apparently.

It was a translation.

Tsuchigumo, Yasaka had explained to him, were a race of spider youkai. Some remained in spider form while others seemed to have more humanoid forms. Morag, for her part, didn't seem to be the case of the latter. She had gotten nothing with her evolution that even hinted at being able to turn into a human.

Yasaka had given him as much information as she could in regards to her but… Well, while it made for neat reading material, it wasn't really all that useful. Morag was different enough that he wondered if the system had only put that name to her race because it was what fit best.

His scattered thoughts were pulled back to the present when Cheshire decided to shift into her biggest form, the Greater Tiger. Joshua didn't need sensing to know that almost everyone had been caught off guard. Even Gabriel's life energy seemed to twitch in surprise.

'Show off,' Joshua thought, getting amusement through his bond with Cheshire. As it turned out, after their newest evolution and the progress they'd all had with the Bond skill, he found that his familiars could understand him much better through their connection. It didn't quite work the same the other way around, but they certainly could make themselves understood much better now, even if they weren't really using words.

"Fascinating," Gabriel breathed out then, taking a few steps towards Chesire almost without thinking. "You are just full of surprises, aren't you?" she asked then, seemingly snapping herself out of whatever thought had occupied her mind before. "How'd you accomplish such a thing?"

"A bit of magic, a bit of the familiar bond and a bit of the meddling of a particular god," Joshua replied, moving to start casting his magic finally. Through the Charm, he felt Shed "grumble" something at him, which was more amusing than anything else. The other two deities seemed to agree with that too, so Joshua thought he was safe. 'Any chance of me getting another beer after I'm done?' he asked, taking advantage of the opportunity.

Nephthys replied to him with an amused and smug feeling that had Set joining Shed in the grumbling. Joshua was pretty sure the goddess was bragging, but quite honestly, her beer was good enough that she deserved to be able to do it. Not to say that she was his favorite, really. All of them brought great things to the table, after all.

And maybe she was trying to make up for the fact that most of her blessings hadn't come into effect since he was nowhere near maxing out his magic skills? The only one that had actually gone over its previous cap was Spell Modification, after all.

Suddenly, both of the male deities were the ones to be smug while a certain goddess sulked.

'Uh, sorry,' Joshua apologized wryly while he started casting.

"You said we could talk to you?" Gabriel asked him, to which he nodded, not really looking up from his work. He hadn't wanted to kick the Seraph out in her own base – room, really, but still –, and besides, he could cast just fine. It was just that he didn't want anyone interrupting more… violently, so most of the time it was better to have his guards outside wherever he was working.

Somehow, he didn't think there was quite as much danger now that one of the top angels was there to have his back.

"I heard that you got the books on Boons from us after the last time you helped one of our bases?" the angel asked, but she didn't seem to actually want an answer to that this time. This was proven when she immediately continued talking. "I've heard that your arrays have helped to find some of those that aren't… quite on our side, despite saying they are," the woman said then, sounding both unsure and hurt. "For that, you have our gratitude."

"Just doing my job," he replied simply, but not curtly. He needed most of his focus on casting, even if he could still participate in the conversation. "The books being given in advance was appreciated."

"Have you had any chance to check on them?" the angel asked curiously. She hadn't quite gotten rid of the downtrodden emotions, however, from what he could hear.

"I have," he replied with another nod. "They are fascinating, especially when compared to Wards and Hexes."

And they truly were.

It was very interesting to be able to see all three branches with a better understanding of them. They were, in a way, sibling magics, but that was something he'd already known by just looking at the two he'd already been working on. Adding Boons had added not only a third part of a picture that he hadn't been aware of before, but also thrown a few puzzle pieces on the sides that he'd once considered complete.

From what he understood, and everything pointed to this conclusion being correct, Wards were the neutral branch of the trinity. They could do just about everything, but they were average, the Jack-of-All-Trades, as it were. Hexes, for their part, were a more aggressive branch, good at dealing damage, inconveniencing and overall acting against their targets. Boons, on the other hand, did the opposite to those latter ones, being good at helping, supporting and overall acting in favor of their targets.

It was safe to say that he'd be checking on Boon information to tweak his Phoenix Spell. The branch was basically made for that kind of magic, that kind of effect. Maybe he'd be able to turn the whole thing from a Ward-but-not-really into a Boon.

Interestingly, both Hexes and Boons had more in common with each other than with Wards. Joshua had expected them to be closer to the middle ground than their opposites, but that was just not the case. If anything, the neutral variant seemed almost – but not quite – disconnected from the other two. One such instance was that both of the contradictory branches used the same concept for their foci, items whose symbolism and meanings better fit the purpose of the spell, instead of the more bland and generic wardstones.

There were many other such similarities between the two though, such as-

Cheshire meowed, calling for Joshua attention back to the present.

"Sorry, my mind got away from me," he said sheepishly. "Did I miss something?" he asked, looking around the room a bit. 'Besides casting the whole outer circle of the array?'

"Nothing much," Gabriel reassured kindly, looking more amused than anything else. Irina and Xenovia looked rather put off, but not too much. That was good, he didn't want to be put back in their shitlists. That'd be annoying. "I just said that I look forward to seeing what you can do."

"Yeah, me too," he replied with an excited grin. "I'll probably start casting in a week or two. I can't wait to start experimenting with that branch. The things I could do with it if I get it to work together with Wards and Hexes," he commented, feeling like a kid again, unable to wait to read a new book in a series or something of the sort.

As he turned back to his job though, he missed the widening of both Gabriel's and Griselda's eyes.

[}-o-{]​

"Joshua, she's cheating!"

"I'm not!"

As the two children in the room whined, Joshua could only stare at them, thoroughly distracted from his work. In that moment, he wondered how his life had come to the point that it had. When had he gone from the guy that worked in a cafe and had a relatively peaceful life to… This.

"Joshua!"

"Joshua!"

He stared at Kunou and Serafall as both of them gave him the puppy dog eyes. Kit fox eyes, in the former's case, he supposed. Normally, that kind of weapon would be devastating to him, but in this case… Joshua found himself sighing.

"Kunou stop cheating," he said, giving the girl an unimpressed expression. "And yes, explaining the cards in a confusing way or not completely counts as cheating," he added when the little one went to protest. After that, she deflated, looking down. "And Serafall… Aren't you a little old to be arguing with a child?"

"Old?!" Serafall exclaimed then, eyes wide and hand on her chest.

He just raised an eyebrow at her.

"That's how you see me?! Am I an old hag to you, Joshua?!" she asked then, sounding like she was on the verge of panicking. Sighing and massaging the bridge of his nose, Joshua wondered if he should just teleport back home. He didn't think he had what it would take to deal with things as they were.

Maybe testing the now mostly finished card game Kunou and him had made had been a bad idea…

Especially with Serafall.

"You are an adult, arguing with a child, Serafall," he replied in the end, giving the two of them the most "done with this" expression he could manage. "That's what I was saying."

"Aha! So you admit that I'm a smoking hot young woman!"

"... That's… How did…?" he muttered, blinking as if trying to check if he was actually in the real world and not in some weird dream or illusion. "... You know what? Sure."

"Yay!" Serafall cheered as Joshua dragged a hand over his face.

Cheshire meowed, apparently as bemused as he felt.

"Yes, this is my life now," he muttered, placing his hand over the cat's head and petting her absently.

"What about mom?" Kunou asked innocently. "Do you think she's also, how was it? Smok-" Joshua fixed the girl with a look that made her stop talking. "What?"

"Oh, so you don't think I am?" a new voice asked.

"You are supposed to be the sensible one, Yasaka. Please don't join them," Joshua said, trying not to whine as he turned towards the woman, who was now standing by the door. "I need someone that's not a child in the room."

Cheshire protested that, scratching him a little with her claws.

"That sounds like a no," the woman commented, giving him an amused smile.

Joshua stared at her, then looked to Serafall and Kunou, both of whom were watching intently. Seeing that nobody would say anything, he sighed again. 'How many times does that make?' he thought to himself as he decided to get things over with.

"You are both beautiful young women… That should be above this sort of childishness," he said, giving them both a flat look.

"What about me?" Kunou asked innocently this time.

"You are a brat."

"Joshua!"

"It's great that you are here, Yasaka. You deal with them," Joshua said then, before anything else could happen. "I keep reading about this bit in the books on Boons and I want to see if I find more. It sounds like it'd go well with-"

"Before that, Joshua," the woman interrupted, making him blink and look up. "You wouldn't have anything to do with the handful of magicians that sent me messages saying they'd be open to do jobs for me for free?"

"Oh, they sent them already? They are fast," he replied, a little surprised. "I told them in today's class and that was… like an hour ago."

"Two," Kunou corrected helpfully.

"What did you do?" Yasaka asked him, eyes narrowed.

"I just told them that I could get them their feet on the door with you. One free job and if they did well, then you'd add them to your contacts for such things," Joshua answered, grinning. "That way, I'm not actually pulling favors and you don't have to trouble yourself with payments that only complicate things for you right now."

Maybe it wasn't a good idea to have such a conversation with Serafall present, but she was a friend and a good one at that. Joshua was confident that she wouldn't spread the word around creating misunderstandings. She might act dumb, but she was far from that.

"Joshua…"

"What? Is it a bad solution? I thought it was good enough," he asked, suddenly a little concerned. He'd been sure that doing that wouldn't be a problem. After all, this way it was more him doing them a favor getting them Yasaka's attention and Yasaka giving them a chance to show her what they were worth for free. His students were young and low enough on the totem pole that they would do it too, from what he knew of them.

"No, no, it's fine," Serafall told him cheerfully. "Yasaka is just shy."

"Ah, that makes sense," Joshua replied, getting more used to the Satan's mannerisms by the day. He was pretty sure some time ago he might have found it at least a little weird to have someone call a faction leader shy.

"What was that about being childish?" Yasaka asked him.

"Turnabout is fair play," he answered, grinning at the woman. "And seriously, just take it. My students are good, as far as I can tell, and they could really use something like this to get their names out there. So, it's not like you – or I, for that matter – are scamming them or anything."

"... You are not going to cave, are you?"

"Doesn't sound like he is," Serafall answered for him, looking very amused. "For once. Maybe you can use the kit fox eyes?"

Disturbingly, Yasaka seemed to give that idea some serious consideration.

"Is it so hard to believe that I just want to help my friends be happy and not, you know, struggle and such things?" Joshua said, because he wasn't sure how he'd deal with the pleading eyes of the youkai leader if she decided to give Serafall's suggestion a try. He'd resisted Serafall and Kunou before, but that had been a different situation altogether. "Just accept the help, will you?"

The woman sighed and Joshua did much the same internally.

He'd dodged a bullet there, certainly.

"You don't make things easy, do you, Joshua?" Yasaka asked him, and when he went to argue with that, she continued. "I don't think you realize how deeply ingrained in the supernatural the need to repay debts and favors is."

"Even between friends?"

"Even then."

Joshua stared at her for a long moment before massaging his forehead.

"If it makes you feel better, just add it to my tab or something and you can see about repaying me later," he told her, suddenly feeling just as done as he felt before when dealing with Kunou and Serafall. "Sometimes I forget that the supernatural is… not normal. Which, I know, makes me stupid."

"... I'll keep that in mind," Yasaka told him with an unreadable expression. It confused him a fair bit, if he were honest. Sometimes, it was a little frustrating how little he could read Yasaka and Serafall. A little unfair too, but that was beside the point.

"I feel like I'm being left out of something here," the Satan in the room commented, narrowing her eyes as she looked between Joshua and Yasaka.

"I'd offer helping you so you owe me favors, but if it's anything like doing that with Yasaka, then it's too troublesome for me," Joshua replied.

"But Joshua!"

"This is somehow your fault, Yasaka," he accused, his eye twitching. "I forbid you from asking for favors, Serafall."

"But Joshua~!"

"Domino Mask might have to mysteriously disappear, I gue-"

"I'll be good," Serafall told him, sitting straight and putting up her best innocent look. Which wouldn't have fooled anyone that knew her, obviously. It was amusing though, he supposed.

That was when the door opened.

"Fuyuko, thank goodness. I could kiss you." Joshua exclaimed, snapping his fingers to make his cup of tea appear in his hand. "Thank you," he added, emphatically.

Working so much in different projects was wearing on him, after all. He'd found himself with less and less energy through his days. Almost an unnoticeable thing but slowly, he was coming to realize that he might be burning out. 'Just need to keep it up a little bit. With the Phoenix Spell done, I'll be able to rest.'

After all, that was the only really pressing matter. Joshua knew that, at least according to canon, Khaos Brigade wouldn't become a real problem until later down the line. Same for many of the other problems that he remembered from canon. Rias' problem with the Phenex family was much closer in the timeline…

Unless the AU elements and/or the changes he'd made caused shit to happen faster? That kind of question made Joshua feel very nervous, but he had to draw the line somewhere. If not, then he'd probably worry to death.

Point was, he was fairly certain that most of his projects could wait, except for the Phoenix Spell. So, with that in mind, Joshua took the cup of tea, sipped from it and then focused on the tomes and notebooks laid in front of him. As he'd been saying before, he had found several mentions in the Boon related texts that pointed in a direction that he thought he could find something useful in to help with his healing spell project.

Now just-

Someone poked his side.

"... Do you need something, Kunou?" he asked, turning and trying not to look too tired with the girl. He hadn't quite been successful as of late in that regard, but he could still try. He blinked when the girl silently regarded him with narrowed eyes.

Then she took his arm and pulled him down.

"Kunou?" he questioned. He let her do as she wanted though, because he was curious and because… Well, she was his daughter. He could humor her with such things, he decided. Fortunately, he'd remembered to set his cup of tea on the table. It'd have been a mess if he hadn't.

"Rest," the girl told him simply as she made him lay down and placed his head on her lap. "You are tired."

"I can rest later at home when-"

"No, now," she demanded and he looked up at her amber eyes. The thing that convinced him to do as she said was the concern in her eyes. 'Maybe I've been doing a worse job at hiding how weary I feel than I thought,' he mused, letting a breath out and settling where he was.

"I guess I can do this for a bit," Joshua agreed in the end, drawing a little smile from the girl that finished convincing him that it was a good enough idea. "You feel like watching a story?" he asked, making his daughter grin wider.

"Can we?" she replied with, to which he gave a slight nod before closing his eyes.

"What do you want to see? There's this story about a boy in a world that's mostly water and that wants to be the freest person in the seas. There's another about a young man in a world of fantasy that finds a dragon egg in a forest. Or-"

"Is there one with foxes?" Kunou asked, making him chuckle.

"Well, I think I know one you'll like. So, there was this village with a big stone monument on a mountain by it. A boy lived in it, you see, and he just wanted people to acknowledge him…"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Eh, for once, I don't feel too nervous about a chapter, which is nice.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you play D&D? I don't, even though I've been curious about it for a long time. I just never seem to find a group for it or the nerve to actually really look into it.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 223 others
Adrian King
Jul 22, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 103 - My Mind’s Got Its Own Plan Tonight New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#410
My Mind's Got Its Own Plan Tonight

Joshua looked, head slightly tilted, as the spar went on.

Margalo had perched herself on his shoulder, while Cheshire stood next to him in her cat form. Nagini and Morag watched from further away, since they were too big to really stand close by without getting in the way of a stray attack or something. Besides, the bird was there more because she wanted to be close to him than anything else and Cheshire… Well, Cheshire almost always was by his side anyway. The feline seemed to have decided that it was her duty to accompany him almost everywhere at almost all times.

He wasn't complaining though, it was always nice to have his familiars with him.

At the moment though, he was contemplating other things. One of them being how to better train the Fallen trio that lived with him. They'd progressed really well so far, he'd admit in the privacy of his own mind, but there was still quite a long road to trek through for them. As it was, he'd brought them up to a level that they now could stand on even ground with Rias and her peerage, as the spar was demonstrating.

That was as far as they'd gotten in the time they'd had to train under his spells for most of their days. After all, there wasn't much else for them to do except maybe lazing around. Joshua was fairly sure that they didn't dare do much of that, if any at all, for fear of him growing tired of their slow progress or something. He hadn't bothered to ask, but it seemed to him like a fair assumption.

It was certainly fast progress for them and in general, he was sure, but it wasn't enough. He wanted them to beat Kokabiel and he was aware that it'd be difficult. There was a reason why most people thought it impossible, people whose opinions mattered to him to boot. However, he didn't want to give up that goal.

The absolute bastard deserved a slap in the face like that, if nothing else. So, Joshua wanted to give it his best to make sure he got it. Ultimately though, if he failed, he guessed being beaten by a human might be insulting enough. Not quite the same as being beaten by the sacrificial pawns that he'd used and discarded that were also trained by a normal human, he thought, but that was a matter of opinion.

'I'm getting distracted,' he chided himself with a shake of his head. 'Focus.'

So he did, narrowing his eyes as a bolt of lightning passed through his chest courtesy of Raynare. He felt a spike of fear from the woman, but it went away when he didn't react. He'd reassured them that it was fine and to focus on their spar instead of him. If their attacks went at him, Set's blessing would keep him safe and if their attacks were too strong or directed somewhere else that shouldn't be hit, then he'd cast a shield to stop them.

'I could tweak the training spells up a bit, but that might be too much. I don't want to break them while trying to train them,' he mused with a hum that went unnoticed with the battle that was going on at the moment. 'Is there some other spell I could try? Some adjustment that I haven't thought of, maybe?' he wondered.

Some ideas did come to him, but those weren't going to achieve what he wanted. At most, they'd improve things a little bit. Furthermore, he was noticing something concerning in regards to his plans for the Fallen trio.

Their magic wasn't growing like it had before.

Sure, Joshua knew that any progress would slow down. It had happened to him too. Training and such had yielded much better results when his stats had been low. As time passed, getting stronger was more and more difficult.

What was happening with the Fallen was different though. There was something making that climb much harsher for them and Joshua wasn't sure what it was. It was slightly annoying, because it was happening with all of them and he had no idea what it could be. They were healthy and they were dedicated enough, if only out of fear.

And yet, they were reaching a point that made Joshua wonder if they'd stop getting better altogether.

Then his eyes narrowed as he watched them sparring. More specifically, he looked at Kalawarna as she pulled up to dodge an attack by Kiba, flying for a moment before dropping to the ground. Joshua didn't focus on any of that, however. No, he looked at her wings instead.

'Do those have something to do with their power level? A cap for Fallen with fewer wings? Maybe even Angels in general?' he wondered, narrowing his eyes as his mind started working. He knew that Kokabiel was supposed to have… more wings. He wasn't sure if the guy had six or eight or ten or whatever. He hadn't thought that important besides the fact that it seemingly marked him as an old Fallen or something…

But maybe there was more to it than that. Did the number of wings have more meaning than just that? Was it like a visual measure of how strong they were or how strong they could get?

He might have to look into that, with spells and senses, but also with information. He'd already gone through Fallen information to make the wards he was using to train them at the moment, but he'd have to re-check in case he missed something. If he hadn't, then… Well, there were things he might be able to do to get more information. New analysis spells, look more deeply into them with his sense now that he had something else to look for and…

'I might need to contact Azazel,' Joshua thought with a half-smile on his face. Before that though, maybe he should brush up on his Sacred Gear related spells. He was sure he could give the man something that would make it worth his while to give potentially dangerous information to Joshua.

Difficult but doable.

'Story of my life,' Joshua thought, his smile going the whole way and turning into something that gave the three Fallen, still sparring, pause.

[}-o-{]​

[Aika Kiryuu]

"I just… don't know," she said, for what felt like the thousandth time in quite a short while.

"Understandable," Davis told her with a kind smile that reminded her of some of her favorite teachers. "You were quite roughly thrown off the deep end and told to make a decision on how you'd prefer to swim. Or, at least, that's how you feel, but it's not the case, Kiryuu."

"Feels like that," she repeated, feeling a weight that hadn't quite left her since Gremory had spoken with her and Issei. As for her boyfriend… Well, he was sitting with her, learning all that Davis taught them, and he was doing his best. Occasionally, he'd show as much commenting on something that even she might have missed.

However, she knew his faults very well and not being a great student was one she was very aware of, especially then.

"But it's not," Davis repeated in kind. "You have all the time in the world to decide what you want to do and all the freedom too."

"It's… Issei showed his Sacred Gear the other day at the Occult Research Club," Aika told the man then, growing even more nervous. "Boosted Gear, it's-"

"A Longinus, I'm aware," the man told her calmly, as if she hadn't dropped a bomb on him.

"It's… We've looked into it with Gremory's help. Boosted Gear wielders never live peaceful lives."

"And that might be true," Davis agreed easily with a nod, still looking like there was nothing wrong going on. Aika shared a confused look with Issei, her boyfriend even showing some hurt. It didn't take a genius to know why either. Issei looked up to Davis a lot and the man was treating the potential dangers and tribulations of his life like they were nothing. "But that doesn't mean you should feel pressured or in danger."

"And why is that?" Issei asked then, deciding, for once, to speak up himself instead of letting Aika do the talking.

"Because there's people in your corner, Issei. Gremory and Sitri are important, and they are invested in your well being," Davis explained calmly, but Aika frowned.

"That's only if we decide to join one of them," she pointed out and then Davis grinned.

"True," he conceded, still looking perfectly fine. It was getting a little infuriating. "But I'm also in your corner," he added then.

"You?" Issei asked, not understanding. Aika could relate.

"I'm a human magician, no Sacred Gear and no hero ascendancy whatsoever," Davis told them, which wasn't very encoura- "But I have friends in high places, several of them. I also have plans that would get me even more. I can pull the strings to keep you safe, Issei, for as long as you need to make a decision."

"You can?" Issei asked then, like a man that had finally been thrown a lifeline right before drowning. Aika could relate to that too, as she hung onto the man's every word.

"I make no promises, but I can tell you that I'll try. And not to brag, but I think I'm decent enough at the things I set out to do," the man told them. It was then that Aika noticed that his calm, friendly expression had shifted at some point. Instead, his blue eyes had frozen, turning cold and steely as they looked forward. His warm smile had become something sharper, meaner, more dangerous.

Suddenly, Aika could very well believe that this man was a big deal.

The kind of big deal that could threaten to make someone disappear and deliver on that threat.

"Thank you, Joshua-sensei," Issei said, visibly relieved.

"Anything for one of my best employers," Joshua replied, his entire being shifting back to friendly cafe owner seamlessly. "Now, I know you guys are stressed, so how about I prepare us some snacks and drinks?"

"I'd love that, but-" Aika said quickly before the man could stand up. "You said… You said you could help me learn magic, get me books and such, is… Is that offer still there?"

"Sure, is there something specific you want to learn or-?"

"Astrology," she answered before the question was over, making the man blink and tilt his head. "Is… Is that an option?" she asked hesitantly then. "I want… I always thought divination was fascinating, learning about the past, the present and the future, possibly finding out things that shouldn't even be possible to know about, I just…"

"Yeah, you definitely got the passion alright," Davis told her then, grinning… Not excitedly, but something like that, she supposed. "I'll admit I'm not overly familiar with divination magic branches, but I've heard some things. I'll look into it, I can tell you that. If there's books on it, I'll get them for you. If there's a teacher, I can get one for you too."

"I… thank you… But a book would be alright. I'm sure a teacher would be expensive and I don't have that much-"

"Nonsense," Davis waved off then. "You are Issei's girlfriend and if I can help the guy stay out of trouble by helping you get a handle on things, then all the better."

"Divination isn't all that… battle oriented though," she mumbled then, unsure if she should pick up something more apt for use in a fight.

"My main magic is defensive in nature. Placing defenses over an area. I've managed to do well enough for myself, even in combat," he told her, grin still in place. "All magic is dangerous, Miss Kiryuu. Especially those that don't seem to be. Those are the ones that will take people off guard, after all."

"You sound like a teacher."

"I should. I am a magic teacher," he commented, now looking amused. "Now, with a clearer head and less worries. Anything you guys want to learn about in specific?"

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"That was faster than I thought," he commented, walking and looking around. The place he was being led through was a lot different from what expected. Then again, after House of Water, he hadn't been all that quick to come up with assumptions of how his destination would look like.

Still, he'd thought Grigori would look… different.

Not that there was anything really wrong about the place, just that it looked pretty normal, and Azazel didn't seem to do very well with the word. Evidently, Joshua didn't make a very good prediction there. Or, maybe and more likely, Azazel hadn't had much to do with the design of the base he was visiting.

"Lord Azazel was very eager to meet with you," the woman by his side told him. Penemue, she'd said her name was, Chief Secretary or some such was her role in Grigori. He wasn't sure how high up that was, but she did pull on some long lost memory of the series in his brain, so he imagined she was important enough to at least be mentioned.

Considering the rather… considerable size of her breasts, he was pretty sure that was a fair assumption, but he'd learned a thing or two about making guesses. It was also rather sad, that he could tell if someone might be important in the plot just considering how big their boobs were. Very sad indeed.

"I'm sure he is," he replied wryly. After all, he was sure Azazel had wanted him to get in contact sooner so that he could get access to more Sacred Gear spells and such. Unfortunately for the Fallen, he hadn't really been in much need of help and such before that moment.

He'd have said something else as they walked, but there was no need for such things. Sure, the silence was a bit uncomfortable, but he knew all about quiet and awkward moments. It was better to let them be instead of trying to fill them with even more awkward conversation.

"Joshua!" Azazel exclaimed as Penemue led him through one last door. "I thought you'd never contact me again. I was getting nervous."

"I'm sure you couldn't wait," he replied blandly, having his suspicions all but confirmed.

"You joke, but it's the truth, my friend," the Fallen Angel Governor said, making Joshua smile wryly. He wasn't sure he could consider the man a friend, after all. Sure, they'd had some good interactions regarding each other's projects and such but still… "Your contributions to my research have been incredible, I'll tell you, and you say you can give me more spells?" the man added immediately, a greedy glint in his eyes. "More information?"

"I can, but I need information myself for a project of my own," he said. Azazel's expression didn't really die, but there was a shift from excited and happy to something more… placid. The greed also turned into a knowing look that was quite… curious, Joshua would admit.

"Ah, those Fallen you picked up are reaching their plateau, huh?" the Fallen Angel immediately commented, making Joshua's eyes widen slightly. "I imagined it'd happen, but not quite so fast. You are either a very good trainer or they were better than I expected. I'll bet on the former though. I might need to ask for your method."

Unsurprisingly, he didn't seem very interested in that. Azazel was all about Sacred Gears, after all. Joshua could relate. Magic as a whole was all sorts of interesting, but he had a special fondness for Wards, Hexes and Boons.

"So, it's true?" Joshua asked, following the man into his office and taking a seat across from the desk. Somehow, it reminded him of some chats he'd had with Agnes. He wasn't sure how the woman would have taken that, however. "I'd read a few things that pointed in that direction, but I wasn't sure that was the case."

"The fact that the number of wings is more than just a symbol of how old an angel is and how strong?" Azazel supplied without a care. "That's hardly a secret, but I'm guessing you want more than that."

"I do."

"As far as I'm aware, both kinds of Angels can climb the power difference between wing numbers," the Governor told him, leaning back and talking freely as if he weren't telling Joshua things that he was pretty sure must have been some kind of secret. Or maybe he was wrong about that? Either that or Azazel was confident he wouldn't be spreading that information around. "However, it's much more difficult. About as difficult as a human climbing to the level of high ranked members of the three factions… Although I'm sure that's not a good example to use with you."

Joshua ignored the last part tilting his head. So, he was getting what Azazel was trying to say, even if he wasn't so sure of that comparison. The point was that a low number of wings worked as a negative modifier to their training after some point. That was annoying, but-

"Also, as far as I know, the only one that can grant an angel more wings is… Well, I'm sure you can guess," Azazel told him with a grin and a shrug. 'God, of course,' Joshua thought with a sigh.

"Well, that's disappointing," he replied then, shoulders dropping as he ran his fingers through his hair. "I'd still like as much information as you can give me on the subject. All the differences having more wings imply and such."

"And lose the opportunity to have a trade with you? With the things you are offering? No way I'll say no," Azazel told him, laughing as if he were scamming Joshua… Which immediately got him thinking, especially when he considered how open he'd been.

"You know what I'm gonna do."

"Of course I do," the Governor replied, sounding almost offended. "I'd be a disappointment of a fellow researcher if I didn't."

"You told me all that and are ready to share that info with me because you want me to do this."

"Why wouldn't I want you to?" Azazel asked, his grin widening even more, which Joshua hadn't thought was possible. "And it's not like I won't pay you a whole lot if you succeed."

"... This is why you were fine with me having the three of them, isn't it?" he noted then, making Azazel's eyes widen. Even then, the Fallen's smile remained firmly in place. "You are lucky I don't get offended easily. That was manipulative enough to irk me a lil' bit, not gonna lie."

"But you get your information, so everything's fine."

"Yeah."

"Good luck finding a way to give a Fallen Angel more wings, Joshua."

"Luck's got nothing to do with it."

[}-o-{]​

[Unknown]

Kuoh was a town that was… interesting.

In some ways, it almost seemed like a city. In others, it barely reached town level. And above all else, it had an interesting and very much unexpected level of supernatural activity. It was also a somewhat new development, because people didn't know at what point, but she knew that Kuoh hadn't been the supernatural hub that it was now in the past.

Regardless, as the woman walked in the shadows, taking full advantage of the night, she wasn't considering any of that. Her mind was focused on a single objective and that was all she cared about. There were a number of things one could pick up in Kuoh and what she wanted was certainly far from the top, but that didn't matter either.

She had her priorities, after all.

The Satan siblings were interesting and somewhat easy targets, but she wasn't there for them. There were also a number of other interesting characters in their peerages and even some out of their peerages too, but most of them weren't important enough. Joshua Davis, for his part, hardly was found in the place, let alone late at night like it was the case.

Speaking off, as the woman continued on her way, she felt the wards wash over her. Not for the first time, however, since one had to pass through them long before reaching the town. Every step saw her stepping deeper under that trap and she'd admit to being nervous. The woman had made the trip several times already, but it never got easier.

The wards loomed over her like an indestructible dome. Walking through those was like being given entrance in a high security vault, somewhat exhilarating, but with the threat of the door closing behind her. The spells watched them for every step, like walking through a hallway that was covered in security cameras. Unnerving, but one had to do their best to ignore their presence, else she appeared more suspicious.

Then there were the hexes, sniffing around like beasts following a trail. Occasionally, the woman would feel them twitch, as if they were hounds barking at something that caught their attention. Adding onto that frightening picture was the presence of the non-detection oriented spells though. While the wards felt like a cage, a steel trap, the hexes felt like a pack of beasts circling around them, watching for a mistake, a reason, an excuse to jump forward.

She was still safe, whoever.

Her preparations and abilities worked well against those.

She knew how to hide, if nothing else.

So, the woman continued walking, getting closer and closer. Her goal was so close… Just a bit closer, so that she could get a good look and then she'd run far away from Kuoh. Far away from the imposing presence of Davis' spells, that's where she preferred to be.

And then, it happened.

It was subtle, like the click of a door closing. It was also loud, as if it had happened in a completely silent space. A new ward, small, unnoticeable for her until it triggered. The effect was anything but subtle though. All the spells came alive then. The wards blared like an alarm going off, the already firm feeling walls solidifying even more. The hexes seemed to come alive even more, the stalking beasts that they were suddenly charging for the kill.

The woman wasted no time before she started running away like the devil was on her heels, and she would know about that.

The hexes and wards ate away at her energy without a pause, like birds pecking at her reserves and needles sucking at her forces. She didn't stop, however, she couldn't, every second counted and every second could mean the end. The spells worked relentlessly, mercilessly, and in a matter of seconds she was almost without strength left in her body.

Fortunately, she was no weakling.

She was almost out of town, way before the spells finished her off.

Except, it wasn't that simple, because before she could leave, an invisible wall rose in front of them. Her fist flew forward instantly, crashing against the Shield Ward and cracking it. A second blow made the web-like fissures spread further. The spells were not weak, however, and they were repairing the damage immediately with their own power.

A third strike broke through the wall, and good thing too, because they were almost out of energy already.

'Just have to get away. Just a bit more,' she thought as she rushed.

It was not going to be that easy, however. A second wall appeared, just as suddenly as the last one and this one she didn't even feel before she crashed face first into it. The woman tried to strike through the barrier like she had done before, but her reserves were drying up and this one Shield was even stronger than the last one.

'So, that's it, huh?' she thought weakly, a self-deprecating smile on her face.

The defenses didn't stop there. More of them slammed down around them. More walls, more energy being taken from them, more force being applied on top of them and pushing them to the floor. A strong sense of dread filled her, telling her she shouldn't be where she was. The wards and hexes loomed menacingly over her, whispering that she should stay away, and she couldn't, because she was trapped.

Deterrent spells on a caged target, Davis was a bastard.

"Well, this is a surprise."

Speak of the devil…

She turned to regard the man as he walked up to her, just outside the cage. The blonde looked at her with a tilted head and curious blue eyes. He looked… vaguely interested more than angry or annoyed, but she wasn't sure that was a good thing.

"Nothing to say?" he asked then, seemingly genuinely wanting an answer. When she remained silent, he let a lazy half-smile form on his face. "Cat got your tongue?"

"... That was terrible," she replied, drawing a chuckle from the magician.

"Well, good thing we have other things to talk about besides my non-existent sense of humor, right?" he commented, running his fingers through his hair even as he kept his eyes firmly on her. "Kuroka?"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that happened. This is one of those cases where I more or less actually know what's gonna happen, just not when. Good to see that sometimes I can predict my stories… a lil' bit…

Let me have this, ok? Shut up.

We'll all just ignore the part where the Fallen Angel side of this chapter came out of nowhere for me, ok? I wanna have a win and I'll have it, damnit. I said shut up.

Oh, and there's Aika and Issei too, I guess.

Anyway, I hope you guys liked the chapter.

Random Question: Are you listening to anything right now? If so, what? I'm listening to "You Think You Know" by Device. For more detail, I'm listening to my weekly spotify recommendations.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 216 others
Adrian King
Jul 22, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 104 - Follow Your Heart and Nothing Else New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#411
Follow Your Heart and Nothing Else

Joshua had been upgrading, re-setting and generally going over the defenses of Kuoh for a while already. After all, part of his life was there now with Jeanne and Asia going to school there and him having his cafe in the town. So, much like he did with his own home and the Hunter's House, he kept the defenses as good as he could make them. A bigger place stretched things a lot more though, so it was expected for Kuoh's defenses to be a little weaker, at the least.

Which is why he tried to pay special attention to them.

That's how, one day, he'd noticed something odd. Not really something that was detected by his wards, but it was still weird. Like looking at a wall that had a little paper figure of the same color stuck to it from a distance, he supposed now that he had more information. It was like there was something there but also not. So, it piqued his curiosity a little bit.

He'd almost thought it was nothing, or if it was something, then it might just be irrelevant. Joshua had still gone for it though, because if nothing else, it made for a fun challenge. Thus, he'd added more and more spells in place to try and discern what that might be.

And finally, he had his answer.

He wasn't sure how to deal with his situation now though.

"So, when are the scary devils coming for me nya~?" Kuroka asked from across the table, where he'd shackled her, the same place where Kalawarna had been contained before. The little "nya" was faked, he knew, from his first interaction with her as much as what he was picking up now that she was fully under his senses and spells. She was trying to act calm, but she was worried, afraid.

Not as much as he thought she would or should be, but still.

"I haven't called yet," he answered with a shrug, trying to decide what to do. Calling Serafall and Sirzechs was an option. He owed Kuroka nothing, and while he enjoyed spending time and training with Koneko and… almost could consider her a friend, maybe, possibly… The point was that just because he got along with her sister didn't mean he had to cut Kuroka any slack.

She was part of Khaos Brigade, after all.

That was the huge problem for Joshua, in the end. He could care less for her crimes in devil society. If he remembered the details of her background and Koneko's somewhat right, she'd been more or less justified. He'd have done the same had Jeanne been in danger as he recalled Kuroka's sister being.

Joining Khaos Brigade was another thing entirely, however. No matter how much the source material tried to paint Vali's team in a semi-good light or something of the sort, Joshua wasn't seeing it. You don't join madmen and monsters like fucking Khaos Brigade being good. He'd seen enough of their shit to know that.

There was no excuse to do something like that unless you were an absolute moron or you had no other choice.

Now, was any of those the case with Kuroka though?

"Nya~ You are scary~," she said, and he flexed his spells to shut her up, because that speech thing was annoying him to no end. Maybe it was supposed to be cute, or make him lower his guard, or something. Hell, maybe it was supposed to actually annoy him. In that case, it was working.

"I'd be very careful," he told her calmly, giving her a bored look. "Make a single mistake, and I will be calling the devils. I have some contacts that I can call on."

"The wee little Satan sisters it is then nya~?"

"I was thinking more Serafall Leviathan and Sirzechs Lucifer themselves," he answered, and she stiffened ever so slightly. "Surprised? Did you think you'd have somewhat of a chance if you had to deal with Rias because of your sister?"

She flinched at that, if it was because he was right or just because he knew about Koneko, Joshua wasn't sure, but it didn't really matter. Now she knew that she was screwed, because he was sure that she could tell he was 100% truthful there. He was closer to the Satans – at least in Serafall's case – than he was Rias and Sona, so there was no point in not going to her with this mess. He was sure she wouldn't be too mad at him…

Maybe he could have some snacks ready to bribe her with though, just in case.

"Now that we are on the same page," he continued then, leaning back against his seat as he considered what to do. He had some idea, but Kuroka's situation was… complicated, at best. "Why did you join Khaos Brigade? And I don't think I have to tell you to be truthful, do I?"

She didn't answer immediately. To his slight surprise, she didn't even look like she was thinking over her answer. Instead, she seemed to have her attention taken by something else, blinking and tilting her head to one side. She remained like that for a long moment, to the point when Joshua started considering threatening her again.

"... Huh…" she mumbled, almost inaudible for him. "I see…" she continued, confusing the hell out of Joshua. "I didn't have many options, as one of the most wanted criminals of the Underworld," she answered finally, and he found himself surprised by how direct that answer was. "Eventually, Khaos Brigade found me and… Well, they offered shelter in exchange for some work. So, I took their offer."

She wasn't lying, as far as he could tell. Joshua then looked to the side, towards Cheshire, and his familiar gave him a nod. It was then that he noticed that Kuroka had looked in Cheshire's direction before. Nothing had happened, however, everything felt fine through the bond. His familiar was still regarding their new "guest" with suspicion and all.

"What, exactly, did you do for them?" he asked then, turning back towards Kuroka.

"Do you want a list in chronological or alphabetical order?" she asked back, raising an eyebrow. Her expression was calm, none of that fake playfulness she'd displayed before. There was no fear either. She seemed calm, collected… Weird. Or, at least, out of character from what he knew of her.

"Chronological will work," he answered. Maybe he could get something out of this besides just one less enemy, albeit a dangerous one. Any people that Khaos Brigade could not have in their numbers was a win in Joshua's books, but one as strong as Kuroka? He'd really lucked out.

Now, if this was going where he thought it was going…

And then Kuroka started talking and Joshua made a notebook appear in front of him and started taking notes.

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

"Are you sure? Absolutely sure?" she asked, narrowing her eyes at Joshua. For once, she didn't dare be playful about things, because this was serious. Not only in regards to the mess this could cause in the Underworld, but also on several other fronts.

She'd expected a number of things when Joshua called her that day. She hadn't dared hope much, but maybe he'd called for a friendly meeting. They'd had some of those. Maybe he'd called for a small favor that would be a nice excuse to spend time with him. Maybe he'd called for a not so small favor too, which she wouldn't have had much problem at least listening to.

A frightened part of her considered that maybe he'd called with another emergency like what had happened with the Fallen.

Instead, Joshua had called her to tell her that he'd caught one of the most wanted criminals of her people. Not only that, but Kuroka was also one of the most troublesome ones too, since Serafall was well aware that there was something fishy going on there. All the Satans were, but they couldn't very well search too deeply or they risked angering the Pillar Houses.

And now, Joshua was forcing their hand on the matter. Not only because he'd caught Kuroka, but also because he was vouching for the woman. He'd made Serafall hear the woman's story, told her that the nekoshou was cooperating and had given him a lot of information about Khaos Brigade…

Which would make Serafall have to open a whole can of worms that she'd have rather not.

On a different note entirely, although no less important if anyone asked her, she also wasn't happy with the way Kuroka was looking at Joshua.

At all.

"You are not just doing this because she's making eyes at you, right?" Serafall asked, eyes still narrowed. She knew that Joshua was taking her words as a joke, but they were anything but. Sometimes her playful act/self worked against her, unfortunately.

"Believe me, Serafall, she has as much of a chance with me as I have with Gabriel right now," Joshua commented with a deadpan expression.

Serafall, meanwhile, could only think that the statement was very obviously not as reassuring as the man thought it was. Especially after some of the comments she'd heard the angel make during meetings in regards to Khaos Brigade. Seriously, as if Yasaka wasn't enough. At least she knew that little Rias and Kuisha had next to no chance of getting anywhere.

Small mercies and all that.

Serafall sighed.

"If it makes you feel better," he said, smiling wryly. "I can try and make things easier for you. I don't know how, but I'm sure you can think of something."

Well, there was that, she supposed. She could think of several things he could do to help her smooth things over. For one, there was his Phoenix project. Once that was completed, Serafall was sure they could get the Phenex House to bend over backwards in order not to lose almost the entirety of their worth in the supernatural world as a whole. That was some major power to hold, and that was saying something coming from her.

Then there was the pull he was starting to get around other circles. Heaven, the Church, House of Water, the Egyptian Pantheon, half the Youkai Faction… All of them were big names and Serafall could very easily use that kind of power. Hell, she wouldn't even need most of that to make Kuroka's case not that much of a problem to deal with.

And then there were some of the other strings Joshua was unknowing starting to extend around. If she hadn't known better, Serafall would have thought he was really good at politics. But she did, which meant that she also knew Joshua was quickly becoming a political powerhouse with the power of being nice.

It was both impressive and annoying, if Serafall was honest.

"And you are sure that the information is good?"

"No?" Joshua answered, raising an eyebrow. "I told you that I wanted everyone to look it over and see if it was before doing anything with her," he added then, blinking. "Weren't you listening?"

She might have been a little distracted by the look Kuroka was sending him, but she was pretty sure she'd been paying attention. Then again, the nekoshou had been very intense a moment after they'd gotten talking about the situation and… Ah, Kuroka had realized how important Joshua really was, huh? Right, she'd forgotten how annoying Senjutsu truly was when it was used by a master. Yasaka was a lot less annoying than she could be, and she was more or less the only person that could truly be on that level.

Until Kuroka, that is.

Serafall sighed. How many times did that make?

"Guess we can bring it up with the Fallen, Heaven and the Youkai," she decided then, deflating a little. Her eye twitched at the way Kuroka's tails excitedly started waving around as she looked between Joshua and her. She really wasn't liking this woman.

Why couldn't she have been an actual, heinous criminal?

"I'll keep an eye on this one in the meantime. Not like she can do much under my strongest spells," Joshua reassured her, which didn't really mean much. Serafall was sure that the woman wasn't really thinking about escaping or killing anyone at the moment. If anything, she was more worried about her because she thought she wanted to be there.

"Nya~ Will you punish me if I'm a bad gir-?" the nekoshou started before the magic around the place twisted and she was sent face first into the ground. Serafall tried not to let on how much that pleased her.

"Yes. Yes, I will," Joshua replied with an unamused expression. Serafall knew she liked him for a reason. He was smart enough not to get involved with a hussy like th- "As if I'd fall for that act."

Ah, he was just being oblivious as usual.

Well, at least that worked in Serafall's favor, for once.

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"Huh, well… I can say this is a surprise," Davis said, looking over the files she had passed him that day after his class was over and she called him to her office. She watched him intently, trying to discern if following Báthory's idea had been a good decision or not. She'd kind of very reluctantly agreed that the other woman might be right, but doing anything together with her felt like a mistake.

"So, what do you think?" she asked in the end, when she was reasonably sure that he wasn't annoyed by their actions.

"You are really giving me all this?" Davis asked, evidently having reached the page with their loot of the Hexennacht base. Agnes was particularly happy with that part, actually. Their findings had been very good, even if she was sure that Báthory had stolen som- "What'd I even do with half of this stuff. Hell, most of it, really."

Agnes blinked.

"How about we do this? You take everything," he said and she all but choked on air itself. Was he for real or was this-? "If there's anything on wards, hexes or boons. I'll take it… Oh, and foci for those too, I guess. Anything else you can have, honestly."

"..." Agnes wanted to say something to that as she watched the man continue reading, flipping over the pages of treasures like they were inconsequential. Instead, all she could do was stare, unable to comprehend what was happening. She looked to the side to see an equally as baffled Báthory.

"Actually, you have anything on Astrology? Divination?" he asked and she narrowed her eyes. That didn't seem to be anywhere close to his usual delvings. "I found a potential magician that's interested in that, so I want to provide them with some material to get started."

A person scouted by Davis himself? Now, Agnes was no genius but surely that could only lead to someone remarkable, even if their talent were lacking. Being under the wing of a powerful magician was the dream of many young students. With Davis? An actually caring teacher? Many experienced magicians would give an arm to be in the shoes of whoever this person was.

"We can sort through our findings for what you would be interested in."

"Thank you," Davis said, as if she were doing him a favor by taking a great deal of their Hexennacht loot. Was the man for real or was it all an act? Agnes sometimes wondered. "Honestly, why'd they even need all that money and treasure for anyway?"

To pay for services they couldn't provide for themselves. Magicians from other associations – other strays in this particular case – mostly, but sometimes one needed a particularly specific power set from a pantheon or such. On top of that, money could always be used for something. And the mere fact that one had a lot of it could mean influence by itself.

Evidently, Joshua Davis cared very little, if at all, for money, however.

'Good to know, I guess,' Agnes thought, holding back a grimace. 'Even if it makes my job harder.'

"Well, this was definitely a good idea for repaying me, I can tell you that," the man said then, looking up from the files. She resolutely ignored the smug look Báthory was giving her from the side and instead focused on the man. "Anything I can do to make you keep going?" he asked then.

This time, both Agnes and Báthory had to hold back their reactions. As it was, a single base was very little in the face of all she'd gotten from other associations in order for them to attend Davis' classes, nevermind her own students in said lectures. Now that he was giving her the majority of the loot though?

This was more like her paying only the interest without actually getting rid of the debt.

"Nothing of the sort, Joshua," Agnes told him, forcing a calm smile on her face. "This was just the initial payment, we are nowhere near done just yet."

"That's great to hear," the man told her, grinning widely. "You can go ahead and just skip this whole meeting thing if you want. I'm sure you have more important things to do than report to me," he added then, looking back at the file before placing it back on her desk instead of taking it. "I appreciate the effort though."

"You won't be taking it to see that everything's there?"

"Nah, I trust you," he said, with that same easygoing expression of his, as if this were nothing. Or as if they were close friends or something. "If that's all?"

"It is, have a nice day."

"Have a nice day yourself, both of you," he said, giving a nod to both her and Báthory.

Then the two women watched him leave.

"The most frustrating part about this is that we can't actually try to scam him off of some things," Báthory groaned then, to which Agnes snorted. Indeed, her less than good comrade would have loved to have that chance.

Unfortunately for her, Davis might be a trusting person, but he was also decidedly not an idiot. If they tried taking anything, he'd have picked up on something immediately. Whether through his spells or his senses, which were both quite perceptive.

On top of that…

Both Agnes and Báthory stiffened as they felt a presence wash over them, as if a reminder to behave.

As if they needed Nephthys to tell them that crossing Davis was a bad idea.

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

"I miss when your hair was longer," Kunou commented and she had to hold back a giggle at the sight of her daughter and Joshua. Apparently, the young one had felt especially clingy that day, because she was sitting on the man's shoulders, idly playing with his hair. "Can't you-?"

"No," Joshua denied before Kunou could even finish the question, making the girl pout. "You know I cut it because it was annoying. I prefer short hair. Much easier to deal with."

"Hm, I guess," Kunou mumbled, clearly not convinced. "But if you let-"

"No," Joshua interrupted again, making the girl whine.

Yasaka simply watched, taking a sip from her drink as she looked at them. Occasionally, she'd look down at her paperwork, dealing with this or that issue. Things had started looking up, fortunately, once she got the ball rolling with Joshua's help. There was still much to do, but she tried to refrain from commenting on that.

Joshua would have continued on his efforts to help her and she couldn't have that. Not because the potential misunderstanding bothered her or anything, far from it, but there were other issues on that. For one, she wanted to deal with her problems by herself and it wasn't a huge pain to do so, especially after the initial part was more or less done with, as was the case now.

On top of that, Yasaka herself wasn't quite sure how to deal with the misunderstanding in terms of how it affected her. Because even if she knew it wasn't the case and it was just Joshua being nice, there was the little voice at the back of her mind telling her that 'maybe, just maybe, he was doing it on purpose' and it was… Distracting, and annoying, she had to admit.

Moreover, she also didn't want Joshua thinking too much on "the misunderstanding" else he put even more distance between them in his mind to make up for that. She couldn't have that. Yasaka was doing just fine with the slow, ever so slow progress she was making.

It was a deliberate thing, however, just like she and Serafall had agreed.

'Soon though,' she thought.

"Dad, can you-?" Kunou asked, making Yasaka's heart do a little flip at the call and how Joshua responded immediately, not even needing the full question. The man lifted her daughter's cup with a caring smile that the girl couldn't see but still mirrored.

It was scenes like that which made the wait more difficult than it needed to be.

Not that Yasaka was complaining.

"So, things are going well then?" Joshua asked her, looking up from what he was working on. She was fairly sure that it was the Phoenix project again. Some of those notes looked familiar, at least, from what she'd picked up during their shared times as they worked on their things in that room.

"They are," she told him. Not really lying, but not really telling him the whole truth. Yasaka knew, picking up on it through Senjutsu, that Joshua knew she was hiding something. He didn't press her though, and she appreciated that.

She didn't need a knight in shining armor, after all. She just needed someone to share her life with, someone to stand beside her. Or, in this case, someone to sit with and spend a quiet afternoon together as they dealt with their things.

"If you say so," Joshua replied with a shake of his head and a smile, confirming her suspicions, even if there was no need. "Just tell me if something important comes up, ok?" he asked her and she smiled her best smile at him, because she appreciated the thought behind it.

"I will. I'm not quite that stubborn, you know?"

"I mean, you are Kunou's mother," he pointed out.

"And you are her father," she shot back, quite glad that she could hide how much she enjoyed saying that. It'd be quite childish, since she did so about as much as Kunou herself enjoyed saying that kind of thing herself.

"I guess I walked into that one," Joshua commented with a chuckle. 'If only he could be her actual father,' Yasaka thought with no small amount of bitterness, but that didn't matter. Every day, it became less important, because Joshua had never seemed to care about that, taking to his new role swiftly and without a problem. Kunou herself seemed to have jumped on the idea too.

Yasaka, in the meantime, had taken longer to grow used to him basically being Kunuo's adopted father, which she supposed was understandable. Soon though, she would stop caring about the "adopted" part of the equation and that moment couldn't come soon enough, as far as she was concerned. Although, she wouldn't mind changing it for a "step", but that was for further into the future, hopefully.

As it was, she just had to wait a little longer. Then, things could finally move, at the very least, the smallest bit faster. For one, because Joshua was a complex person, socially speaking. He dealt with family, allies and work relationships much easier than he did friends. Romance seemed to be on a whole other league of its own, so Yasaka knew that needed to be tackled carefully.

On top of that, the man had a lot on his plate at the moment, so she didn't want to hinder him. Once he freed himself a little though, things would be different. And Yasaka could be patient, there was no risk on that front, after all. Not even with that new nekoshou that he'd mentioned before.

Truly, Serafall worried too much.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm… actually mostly fine with this chapter. Sure, I have some doubts all over the place, but maybe I'm growing more confident. That would be nice.

Regardless, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you live in a big city? A smaller town? Most of the time I live in a big city, but my parents do so in a big-ish town/small city, and I do spend a good deal of time back there during breaks and such.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 215 others
Adrian King
Jul 23, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 105 - Notorious, so Notorious New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#412
Notorious, so Notorious

"And this-" Joshua said, pausing for a moment to cover his mouth and yawn. "Is a simple way to connect wards between each other so that Draining Wards can power others. One could say that a Draining Ward together with another one, whichever, could be considered one of the simplest ward arrays one can cast. Certainly one of my standard go tos, at least… Granted, it's been forever since I cast just a two spell array," he explained with a small smile, feeling the weariness on him.

He'd worked until late the last night, chasing a particularly elusive idea he'd had regarding the case of Sairaorg's mother. Granted, he'd already been pushing things while reading on the information Azazel had provided in regards to the Fallen Angels – and Angels as a whole, really – and then something had gotten into his mind and… Well, things had escalated a little. Joshua was fully expecting Yasaka to tell him he was an idiot or something in that vein as soon as he showed up to spend some time with her and Kunou later in the day.

With any luck, he'd be able to get a nap in between his House of Water class and then… Or Kunou would be a nice lil' thing and let him sleep during their time together. He didn't want to rely on that though, it'd be shitty of him.

'Stop looking at me like that,' he projected to Cheshire, who was staring at him from his desk. Rolling her eyes, the cat – at least at that moment – made her way around the class, deciding to instead bother his students. That suited him just fine.

"Now, from the spells we've seen so far, which ones do you think would make a good pair in an array of two?" he asked, trying and likely failing to keep his weariness out of his voice. Fortunately, none of his students pointed it out, or so much as looked at him funny for it. Maybe they weren't entirely as stupid as some of them had shown to be at times.

As expected, Levi immediately raised his hand, an excited shine in his eyes that hadn't been there before. Where before he'd been a nervous, shy thing that wasn't sure if he was worth anything despite his vast knowledge and thorough understanding of magic, Levi had started showing a lot more confidence since Joshua had spoken with Sona. If he had to bet, he expected the two had talked and things had gone well.

As Joshua nodded and listened to some of Levi's ideas though, he noticed something else. Nearby, Cheshire had stopped on Meredith's desk and he noticed then that the girl had been… less engaged in his classes than she had been before. She seemed distracted, at times annoyed and at others nervous. 'Maybe…' he considered, his feline familiar quickly agreeing, even before he finished the thought.

Well, a nap was suddenly seeming less likely.

Regardless, he continued with his class for the moment. Once that was done however, he asked Meredith to stay behind. She'd been his first star, as the other students liked to call them when they thought he wasn't hearing. At times they wouldn't even bother to be discreet, but it wasn't anything bad, so Joshua supposed it was fine.

He didn't think he favored them too much however, at least outside of George and Levi, if one could call that favoring. He simply acknowledged their efforts in his class and their talent for his teachings. If the others thought that was something worth praising and being envious of… Then maybe they should try to do better, honestly.

Joshua himself had simply coasted through most of his classes back in his old life, but at least he hadn't been bitter when others did better.

"Is everything fine?" he asked the girl once they were the only ones in the classroom. He's seen several of the students both from the group of "stars" as well as others giving the girl looks, but nobody had done anything. Cheshire, standing beside him, hadn't reacted much either, so he guessed things were fine.

"Of course, Professor Davis," Meredith answered instantly, standing stiffly and visibly trying to appear "fine". He was nowhere near fooled though. He might not have many wards around the classroom when compared to his home and such, but that didn't mean he was blind. Besides, even without his spells, he still had his Magic and Life Senses.

"You are not," he told her, making the girl grimace. "I'm just your teacher, magical teacher at that. So, if you want to pretend that you are alright, then we can do that," he told her simply and she deflated. Even being able to read her energies a fair bit, Joshua wasn't sure if she was relieved or saddened by his words. Likely a bit of both, he imagined.

Cheshire chided him through their bond, but he remained strong. Meredith was a great student, yes, but that didn't give him the right to interfere in her life. Most he could do was offer help, but if she was determined not to accept it… There was little he could do.

"Do you care… Professor Davis?" Meredith asked him then, looking down at the floor and poking it with her foot. "I'm just another student, aren't I?"

"You are," he confirmed with a nod and he didn't need to read her life energy to know that she was hurt. "That doesn't mean I don't care. You are one of my best students, Miss Ordinton. It'd be a shame if that stopped being the case for something that could be solved. So, yes, I care."

"Why? There's a number of students that stand out too," Meredith asked then, which was fair.

Most of Joshua's interest in her had come from the fact that he was fairly sure that she was somewhat related to DxD plot. Her name was familiar to him, at the very least and that was enough to catch his attention. It went further than that though…

"You were the first to stand out though, Miss Ordinton," he answered, his hand finding its place on top of Cheshire's head when his familiar approached him. "All the way back when I'd first started and nobody knew how well I'd do. That matters to me."

She'd been the first to seriously engage in his class, and that was important. He hadn't known how he'd do, and while he hadn't much cared at the start, he had been happy to do well, to have someone that seemed invested in what he taught other than Kunou. So, Joshua felt like returning the favor, at least a little bit.

"So, if there's anything I can do to help with whatever is going on with you, please do let me know, Miss Ordinton," he told her, visibly affecting the girl. How, exactly, he wasn't sure, but he also wasn't sure if it mattered. For a moment, it looked like Meredith was going to speak, opening her mouth and all. Ultimately though, she seemed to decide to keep things to herself.

"... Thank you, Professor Davis," the girl told him in the end. "I appreciate that."

With that said, the girl left before anything else could be added to the conversation. Idly, as he watched the classroom's door close, Joshua wondered if he should get involved with whatever was going on there. Cheshire seemed to think so, but he was already having to balance a whole bunch of plates and he wasn't eager to add more.

'I'll let things be for a bit,' he decided, unsure. Cheshire seemed to think that was reasonable, fortunately.

[}-o-{]​

[Kuroka]

"Expanding from blondes to people with black hair, Davis?" one of the fallen angels asked. Despite the nonchalant way the question was voiced, however, Kuroka knew the woman was anything but calm on the inside and no doubt Davis was aware of that too. "Should we expect blue haired women to come next?"

"Depends on the hair color of the next woman to decide it's a good idea to mess with me or around my warded areas," Davis answered flatly with a shrug. The Fallen seemed relieved that nothing bad had happened though and Kuroka was starting to understand why.

She thought she'd gotten a good read on Davis' character since she was captured, but she was very obviously wrong. Back then he'd seemed calm, considering the feeling of his bond with his familiars. At most, he'd seemed annoyed to have to deal with her and all the… baggage Kuroka brought to the table, as it were.

As time passed, she got a peek of something else though. Something that was much more obvious at that very moment, once she was introduced to the Fallen Angel trio. There was a cold, unfeeling machine hiding in the depths of the kind man's mind. He cared little for Kuroka or the fallen, and that was very obvious at that very moment.

It filled her with dread, the way Davis' gaze would sometimes remind her of her old King. Especially because she wasn't sure she could deal with the human as she had the devil. The only reassurance she had was knowing that he wasn't as much of a monster, but she wasn't so sure how good that was, considering she wasn't precisely on the man's good side.

"Today's exercise is simple. Kalawarna, Raynare, Mittelt, you are fighting Kuroka," Davis announced before lazily waving his hand in front of him. "Get started."

And that was that, the fallen charged at her and Kuroka did her best. Davis' spells weighed on her though, weakened her. She wondered if that was a punishment or if the fallen were dealing with the same thing. 'Yes, they definitely are, but less,' she noticed through her life sensing, her only skill that wasn't being affected by the constraining spells.

Apparently, Davis' magic limited them only as much as was necessary for the fight to be even.

In the meantime, the man simply watched while the spar progressed. Kuroka felt the spells watching her every move, the mechanical observers that were the wards, the glaring beasts that were the hexes and the… 'That's new,' Kuroka thought, noticing the almost inconspicuous guarding sentinel. The last one was strange, new to Kuroka, but unnerving enough to know what it likely was.

'Holy,' she realized. It's presence was small, but it stood out enough for her to be nervous. Fortunately, it seemed to be merely some kind of overseeing spell. If that was there though, Kuroka very much didn't want to find out if there was anything more… direct hidden in the spells.

As if she needed more than she already had witnessed to know that Davis wasn't one to be crossed. Besides, there were much better things she could do with Davis than antagonize him. He was strong, after all, especially – but not only – considering he was human. On top of that, he was well connected, if he could just call one of the Satans and the way he talked about other figures such as Yasaka, one of the youkai leaders.

Davis was powerful and Kuroka liked that.

She liked that very much.

It was, then, unfortunate that she seemed to have some… very strong, very concerning competition on that front. Serafall Leviathan wasn't someone that she wanted to cross and if she was reading things right, that might not be the only one Kuroka needed to look out for. So, she might need to be very careful and that wasn't even taking into account the fact that she might have started with the worst foot possible.

Fortunately, Kuroka was used to having the odds against her.

For the moment though, she needed to focus on not getting herself killed. The good thing was that Kuroka was pretty sure she'd have to try to get killed for something to happen. Davis didn't strike her as a man eager to deliver punishment so, as long as she didn't press any dangerous buttons, she would be fine.

Probably.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He couldn't help but stare.

In front of him, to the side, Serafall looked entirely too amused.

On the other side, Sirzechs Lucifer himself looked… not much better than Joshua imagined he did.

And then there was the target of his gaze.

"Dad," the kid whispered, tugging at his father's clothes, as if Joshua couldn't hear him. "It's really Domino Mask," the kid added, visibly excited as he bounced on his feet.

"Indeed, he is, Millicas," Sirzechs confirmed wryly.

"And that's Luna," the kid added, eyes moving to look at Margalo. Contrary to how awkward Joshua felt, his familiar seemed very pleased with the attention of the boy. Then he noticed the wonder in the little one's eyes, which reminded him of Kunou, and that's when he knew that he'd lost already.

No wonder they hadn't asked before teleporting in.

Crafty bastards.

Giving up, he let a smirk form on his face as he brought a hand up and took out a mask from a storage spell.

"A fan, huh?" he asked as he placed the item on his face and got "in character" as it were. Judging by the way Millicas' eyes lit up, it was the right choice. "You hear that, Luna?" Joshua said, turning to look at Margalo, who seemed just as excited as the kid was as she played her part. "Now, that's always nice to see."

"Could I have an autograph?" the kid asked instantly, as if afraid that he might forget or miss the chance. "From both of you?"

"That could be arranged, I supposed," Joshua answered, making a show of thinking it over. "First, we have to make sure of something though," he added with a grin before he looked at Serafall. "Am I better than Levi?"

"Excuse m-?!" the Satan started exclaiming, scandalized.

"Of course!" Millicas exclaimed, completely missing the shattered and betrayed look on Serafall's face and the noticeable amusement on his father's. "You are the coolest character in the whole show. On the whole Devil Network!"

"Now, that's someone with good sense for once. We have to reward that, don't we, Luna?" Joshua commented, grinning wider than before. His pleasure at Serafall's plight wasn't solely because of his character. That's what she got from springing this on him out of nowhere.

With a wave of his hand, he produced a sheet of paper to give the kid what he wanted. Margalo even added a footprint next to his signature, for good measure. Joshua had to admit, it was neat to make a child so happy with something so simple. Millicas looked like he might just have made his day.

"Best day ever," the boy whispered, looking at the sheet of paper as if he couldn't believe he actually had it in his hands and that it was real. "Domino Mask is the best."

"And don't you forget it," Joshua told him, pointing at him as if to affirm that sentence. "You know what? Here," he added, before taking off his mask and handing it to the kid.

"No way…"

After entertaining Millicas for a while with some illusions and spatial magic, Joshua left him with the next best thing after Domino Mask, Luna – a.k.a. Margalo, who definitely liked having someone so in awe of her –, and made his way to where Sirzechs stood next to a mock devastated Serafall. 'At least, I hope it's an act,' Joshua mused, looking at the woman.

"Was this entirely a social visit or was all that a convenient side effect?" he asked, waving his hand towards where the Satan's son was playing with his familiar. He'd be fine regardless, but the whole thing had come a bit too much from out of nowhere. He had the feeling that there was more to it than just entertaining Sirzechs' son.

"The latter," the Satan Lucifer answered, his lips pulling up in a wry smile. "I came to tell you that my parents can't afford to stall for much longer. They've been pulling most inconsequential favors for this so far, but if they continue, it might start actually negatively impacting our house. They'll still do it, if they think it can achieve something and so will I, but I wanted to check on you before letting them burn actual bridges."

Well, that was nice of him, even if it was still for his own benefit.

Joshua looked to the side, idly casting some illusions to keep Millicas entertained. Sirzechs obviously didn't feel like including the boy in their conversation, which was understandable. He also communicated with Margalo through their bond so she'd know to keep things going. Not that she really needed a reason. She was having as much fun as Millicas was, probably.

With that out of the way, Joshua considered the situation Sirzechs presented before him.

The Phoenix Spell obviously wasn't ready yet. There were a lot of things that needed to be worked on. It'd take him months to perfect the thing, if not years. However, that wasn't as bad as it sounded, at least.

"Hm, I think I can have something ready for us to use against the Phenex," Joshua replied in the end. "How long do we have before House Gremory has to start really pushing things?"

"I can't say for sure, since it depends on other Houses, not even only the Phenex," Sirzechs answered, giving it actual thought. Which made sense, really, since this was his sister's life that was on the line, maybe even the whole family. "It's likely that we don't have a month before that, however."

"Ok… I can work with that. I just have to make some definitely needed changes to my spell right now, prioritize some things and…" Joshua mumbled, his eyes unfocusing as his mind got to working. There were things he needed to work on for the "presentation" of the spell, as it were. It wouldn't be fully ready but…

Well, he was thinking about it like a game announcement. Put some CGI scenes to make it look better than it was, maybe some specifically staged in-game scenes. Essentially, the Phoenix Spell wouldn't be that good on release, but he'd get there with some updates. He just needed people to think it was that good.

"Yeah, I can definitely work with that," Joshua decided, a little more firmly. "Tell your parents not to rush into anything. I'll do my best to get things ready before they have to do anything drastic," he told the Satan, only realizing a second too late that maybe he was a bit out of place ordering the man to do anything.

Fortunately for him, the Satan seemed to take that well, smiling a little more honestly.

"Thank you."

"Don't mention it," he waved off, before smirking. "Besides, you'll owe me for this."

"I won't forget. Now, I think I'll take advantage of this and spend some time with my son, if you don't mind hosting us for a little longer," the redheaded man commented, to which Joshua just waved him off.

"Not at all, go have fun. Margalo is enjoying the attention anyway."

"Thanks for that," Serafall said once her fellow Satan was gone, her voice soft. "This means a lot to him, more than he lets on. He's really worried for Rias."

"It'll be fine."

"You believe that, and that means he can believe it a little more too. This was as much to inform you of that and get an opinion as it was to reassure him," the woman explained to him, making him hum in understanding. "And I'll have you know Domino isn't better than Levi!"

That was an argument waiting to happen and Joshua knew what he needed to do. Defuse and say he was just getting in character to better entertain Millicas.

He was feeling bold though.

"Keep telling yourself that."

"Excuse me?!"

[}-o-{]​

Leaning back, he looked at the wall in front of him as Morag stuck some notes to it. His spider familiar's threads connected every piece of paper and picture between each other. Morag had, apparently, at some point figured out how to make silk of different colors. Joshua wasn't very sure how, but it likely could be explained by just saying "magic".

"Thanks, girl," he mumbled, his eyes fixed on the notes as the spider crawled her way back to him and climbed on his back. He felt her pride through their bond and he made sure to feed her as much appreciation as he could manage. His mind was a little preoccupied at the moment though, but the arachnid seemed to realize and understand that.

He was running out of time with the Phoenix Spell, after all. Every other project could wait and so they'd been pushed aside for the moment. Fortunately, the Church hadn't called for another base to be secured so far. As for Hexennacht… Well, House of Water was doing its own attacks on that front, so that meant that he could leave things be for a bit without feeling like he was letting them have time to recover.

His own personal projects could be ignored for the moment too, so there was that. He'd be at the cafe less too, but Jeanne would be keeping an eye on Kuoh for him just in case Issei and Aika needed him. As for Rias, he'd communicated to her that his training ground was still available to them but he wouldn't be able to provide more help than that for a while.

Then there was Sairaorg, who he'd had to apologize for. The Bael had reassured him saying he understood, but Joshua wanted to be done with things quickly so he could go back to working on the Sleeping Disease. He felt very shitty having to push that particular project to the side.

Unfortunately, the Phoenix Spell was a lot more time sensitive.

"I gotta adjust the filter a bit," he mused first of all. He'd have to make it seem like the thing could heal anything just as well as Phoenix Tears could. Without being magic experts, people wouldn't be able to tell that particular limitation, and Joshua was fairly sure that even then it would be hard without looking for that flaw. "Strain on the focus is there, but I can tone it down a little bit so it won't be noticeable without extended use."

Morag clicked her mandibles next to his ear, being the offered ear for him to speak to while he brainstormed. She offered actual feedback though, even if it was mostly through the muddled bond they shared. It still helped keep Joshua's mind going.

"Definitely need to reduce the energy consumption. It's the most glaring issue it has right now," Joshua mumbled, running his fingers through his hair. "Yeah, yeah, I know," he added with a grimace as Morag reminded him of all the times people had told him that he needed to work on that particular point.

He'd been more focused on improving the effectiveness of the spell though. Consumption wasn't as important back then. Now though, since he was sort of pushing the actual effect to the side, he needed to make it seem like the spell was as solid on the energy cost side of things as it was supposed to look like on the actual healing side.

"Besides that… Well, there's little else, right? Am I forgetting something?" he asked, tilting his head. Morag replied on the negative before hesitating. Then the spider thought of something, quickly sharing it with Joshua, who started smiling wider. "Oh, that's just mean… But it's perfect," he commented, chuckling to himself. "Nagini would be proud."

Morag seemed a little torn on if that was a compliment or not, but she decided to go with yes.

"Well, lots of work to be done. You up to keeping me company, girl?" he asked, receiving a quick affirmative answer from the arachnid. "Thanks, Morag, you are great."

To that, the spider seemed to reply with what was essentially a "don't you forget it".

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

First of all, this was written while I was dealing with a broken laptop and such shit, so I apologize if it's not quite up to standards. I was a bit out of it through the last week or so.

Well, we all knew that our boy, Joshua, wasn't gonna get infinite time to craft his spell so here we have it. A deadline has been set and plans are being made in respect to it. I'm dreading the time when we get there though, but that's a worry for Future!Adrian.

Present!Adrian had fun with this chapter all around, basically. Professor Davis is always fun to write, even if this time it was kind of secondary in the scene. Kuroka was… interesting. Not sure where that's going. Millicas kind of came out of nowhere but he was adorable and funny, so that was neat. And magic babble is starting to not be as bothersome as it was at the stary. I guess I'm starting to get more practice on that front or something.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How do you guys think the Phoenix Spell plotline will go?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 206 others
Adrian King
Jul 23, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 106 - Like There’s Something Missing New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#415
Like There's Something Missing

The energy consumption problem of the Phoenix Spell was turning out to be more of a pain in the ass than Joshua had anticipated, and that was saying something. The fact of the matter was that the spell was powerful and like with all powerful things, there was a price to pay. The energy for the healing had to come from somewhere, after all.

Some would argue that Phoenix Tears didn't need that, but those were liars. Joshua wasn't privy to all the information about the process of making them, but he'd gathered from previous knowledge and some bits and pieces he'd gotten while studying to make the spell, that the Phenex used a ritual to make the tears. It wasn't just them gathering their tears every time they cried or something equally as ridiculous.

No, there was a process. Joshua would bet that the energy for the healing came from some part of said process. He wasn't too sure where, but it didn't really matter. He wasn't replicating Phoenix Tears, after all. He was replicating the effects, which was a different matter entirely. Different processes, different conduct, different energy sources.

In his case, it became complicated. He would bet that draining the energy of the target to heal them would be seen as a point against the spell. The Phenex were bound to exploit that weakness until Devil society tore the thing apart, figuratively speaking. To be fair though, Joshua could kind of see it. One could argue, after all, that the spell would be useless if the target was low on magic. Hell, it could very negatively affect them if they were recovering from magic exhaustion, like him after the Kokabiel incident.

So, he was currently trying to find a way around that.

The easiest way to go about it was a pseudo-magic battery. It was what most of his arrays used, after all. A web of spells that gathered magic over time and then other spells redirected somewhere else when the energy was needed. He'd been using that trick since forever ago, really, so Joshua was confident that would work.

Even still, there were problems with that idea too.

Mainly the fact that the spell used a shit ton of magic to fuel itself, and even a pseudo-magic battery would have trouble healing a lot over a short period of time. The more injuries and people were added into the mix, the more the spell would struggle. 'But that's not that much of a problem right now, right?' Joshua mused. 'After all, I just need it to work well for a demonstration.'

He wasn't liking having to basically ignore so many problems while he rushed the spell into "working", but it was what was necessary. He could continue working on it after the fact once he'd helped free Rias. For the moment, however, he had a deadline and he needed to make it. 'Besides, I can definitely get it to work before the deadline. After that, I can work on improving other stuff in the meantime,' he reassured himself.

And yet, he couldn't stop himself from sighing and leaning back.

Which caused Nagini, who was once again the one he was leaning against while sitting, to hiss something at him. The gigantic snake seemed to take joy in just sitting together with him for some reason, and he was happy to spend time with her in such a simple manner, really. At that very moment though, she was making him grimace.

"No, Nagini, we can't just kill them," he mumbled. Then his shoulders dropped. "Much as I'd like to," he added. Because oh wouldn't it be easier to just kill the Phenex instead of going through all the trouble he was. Sadly, there were a ton of issues with that approach, but that didn't mean he couldn't imagine it happening.

Creating the Phoenix Spell was that frustrating, honestly.

Deciding to do something about that, Nagini dropped her massive head on his lap, making him smile. Joshua followed that by placing his hand on top of the snake's head and absently petting her as she closed her eyes contently. 'You'll get to kill many enemies, Nagini,' he projected at her through their bond. 'There's bigger fish to fry than the Phenex.'

To that, she hissed something half eager and half determined.

At times like that, Joshua surprised himself. Back when he'd first fallen into the supernatural world, with the Hunter, he'd freaked out about killing a person that had no qualms about torturing and killing him. And then there he was, perfectly fine with the idea of killing a much bigger number for relatively lower offenses. Then again, he was counting Khaos Brigade and associates as a whole. He couldn't stop to consider individuals, else he'd lose his nerve, he knew.

It was necessary to do what he was doing. Khaos Brigade would bring death to the world in numbers that weren't small at all. He couldn't afford to hesitate to kill their numbers if it helped prevent such an outcome. He'd always disliked the Greater Good concept but… He wasn't really doing it for the Greater Good anyway.

He was doing it for the good of his loved ones and himself, and he was fine with burning the entire world if he could get that.

Fortunately, he didn't need to go to such lengths, but that didn't change that he would if he needed to.

Nagini chose that moment to hiss something and he smiled softly at her. Yeah, he wouldn't be alone, whatever the path he chose was. His familiars would doom themselves to hell for him, and he loved them for that. They were a family and they'd do everything together as a family.

For the moment, his goals were less drastic, however.

Still frustrating though.

"Back to work it is for me, I guess," he mumbled, smiling a little wider when the snake on his lap moved her head to rub the side of it against his chest. "I love you too, girl," he added, drawing a pleased hiss from Nagini.

[Bond: Nagini has gone up a level.]

[}-o-{]​

For once in those days, Joshua wasn't working on the Phoenix Spell. In fairness, it wasn't like he was working on that all the time. He still took some time off to teach at House of Water and visit Kunou and such. He even visited the cafe whenever he had a moment to get something to drink and snack on, but that barely counted.

Joshua still felt like he was burning out anyway, because every other moment was spent working on the Phoenix Spell. Which made him be very grateful that someone had decided to interrupt that on that particular day. His hand moved to the side and picked up the perpetually cold beer that he'd gotten courtesy of Nephthys.

The goddess sure knew how to make him happy with small things.

Joshua resolutely ignored the smug feeling he got from the Charm once more and took a sip from the drink before regarding his visitor. Serafall seemed to be content staying silent, which was a somewhat unusual thing. Sure, she usually stayed silent if she was over and he was working on something, but at that moment he wasn't doing much and she still seemed fine with not speaking as she enjoyed some snacks he'd prepared.

"You came just to make me take a break, didn't you?" he asked then, a smile on his face as he took another sip. It was the only thing that made sense to him, considering everything. If she had come for business, she'd have talked about it once he showed that he was somewhat free. If she had come for a social visit, she'd have started talking about some nonsense or another.

Instead, she'd decided to be mostly silent.

"Mhm," she confirmed with a grin as she continued eating. Then she gulped. "Have to make sure you don't work yourself into the ground, after all. I kind of like you, Joshua, in case you hadn't noticed."

He snorted, smiling as he leaned back and took another sip from his beer. With comments like that, sometimes, he wondered… Ultimately, he didn't bring attention to it.

Because he was a coward.

"Thanks then, I appreciate the concern," he replied with a nod. "I'm pushing myself as hard as I can, just in case something happens and I have less time than Sirzechs said. But…"

"You can only push so hard before it starts working against you," Serafall told him with uncharacteristic seriousness. "It's fine, Joshua. Take your time. Something unexpected might happen to hurry the deadline, but you can't control that. Nobody thinks what you are doing is easy. If anything, you've broken everyone's expectations. Nobody will blame you if-"

"I'll blame myself," he said, his voice just as bitter as the beer he was drinking. "I could have worked on it more before. I could have taken less projects, or I could have trained Rias more, I could have-"

"And maybe doing any of that would have been worse. If you worked on it more, maybe you'd have burned out before now. If you had taken less projects, maybe you'd have had less information to work with. If you had trained Rias more, maybe it'd have upset the Pillar Houses or made the Phenex put more pressure and shorten your time," Serafall told him kindly but firmly. He grimaced, having to acknowledge those points. If anything, she knew how things would have gone on the devils' side better than he did for the most part. "You are frustrated, Joshua, and that's understandable, but don't make things worse by torturing yourself."

"I get it," he mumbled, taking another gulp of his drink. Absently, he extended his hand to pick up a snack but didn't immediately eat it. "Life would have been better if I'd just stayed a normal magician in some backwater place."

"But then poor little Kunou would still be sad!" Serafall accused, pointing at him with the Finger of Doom. He had to concede that point too. "And you wouldn't have met my awesome self!"

"Yeah, I guess Kunou was worth it," he replied with a nod.

"You are a meanie sometimes, you know that, Joshua?" she asked him, pouting.

"I mean, I could not be… but where'd be the fun in that?" he shot back with a slight grin as her pout intensified. "Should have continued picking on your lil' sister instead of me."

"I don't pick on her!" she protested before pausing. "And I don't pick on you either!"

"I guess you don't… anymore," he conceded, taking another gulp from his beer. Or trying to, at least, since he'd finished it already, it seemed. 'Shame that,' he thought, before blinking as another appeared on the table. 'Thanks. Last one though,' he told Nephthys, getting an easy agreement. Not that he thought drinking more would be bad. For one reason or another, he seemed to take a lot more to even feel the alcohol. 'Maybe Vitality? Or who knows, maybe Poison Resistance works on this too,' he mused. Regardless, he turned to regard the still pouting Serafall. "Anyway, did you find a way to make Domino Mask be out of the show for a bit?"

"We did. The bad guy is gonna knock you out and you'll be captive in sleep while Luna and I work on getting you out," Serafall told him, bouncing back to her regular enthusiastic self, which suited Joshua much better. That was what he liked about her, after all, that she could always bring the mood up as easily as she breathed.

Joshua smiled, wearily but smiled all the same, as he heard her start explaining all the details about the change in the plot they'd had to make to accommodate his sudden lack of time. He'd have felt bad, if he didn't know that she had fun brainstorming story ideas. As it was, he decided to humor her more for the show once things calmed down. That would make her happy and that was the point.

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

She looked at the sight before her with an almost bored expression.

A second Hexennacht base was being destroyed before her very eyes and Agnes only thought that it was… disappointing. When she'd organized with Báthory to assault the Stray Organization, she had thought it would be more troublesome, maybe even a little dangerous. Instead, what she found was a rather… sad thing, really.

Then again, she knew why other magician strays survived for relatively long and went mostly unbothered. Because they weren't worth the hassle, most of the time. Strays might be sick, twisted individuals at times, but they were still not stupid, for the most part. They knew how to keep their heads down and only cause trouble with those that they could safely deal with themselves.

No stray magician association would dare make an enemy of someone stronger, because there was no way they'd survive. Hexennacht was proving as much, basically, with the rather swift way that they were falling to pieces by Davis' efforts and now Agnes' and Báthory's. Then again, most of the time, magicians of their caliber wouldn't care to come out to deal with such vermin.

Alas, Davis had a personal grudge to deal with this particular group, and Agnes was only too happy to help him with it if it meant lowering her debt even a little.

Still, maybe it was a bit overkill to come with both of the two strongest magicians in her association. Between her Curses and whatever Báthory had cast on the poor bastards with her Sacrifices… The unfortunate souls stood less than zero chances of not suffering a pitiful, painful death at the hands of her association members.

As it was, Agnes idly wondered if there would have been more of a struggle if the two of them weren't there. Would Hexennacht have stood a chance?... Probably, she supposed. Certainly not if one of them got involved, but as it was, both had, so the strays basically fell like flies.

"They need to hurry up or people will start coming," she heard Báthory say from beside him. "Or did you cast that signal jamming curse again?"

"No, too bothersome," she replied, running her fingers through her hair as she considered what to do. Things were almost done, but if they were delayed too much, then someone much more troublesome could end up appearing. Hexennacht wasn't all that, but they were bound to have a few members that could give Agnes or Báthory a run for their money. Maybe even both of them at the same time, since neither of them were what one would call a direct fighter.

"... I guess it's a good thing that we are done here then," Báthory commented after a pause while they both looked to the side and saw that the battling was done. "Still, we still have to check over the place quickly."

"We do," Agnes agreed, if reluctantly. Even if it was the sensible thing to do, being of the same mind as Báthory felt like surely there was something wrong going on. "You think there'll be much to take from here?"

"I don't think we'll be as lucky as we were last time," her fellow magician answered wryly, to which she hummed and nodded. It made sense. Somehow, that base they'd hit before had been… weirdly full of things. Must have been more of a "warehouse" type of base than anything else, she supposed. Otherwise, it'd be weird. She imagined stray organizations had to separate their resources between their bases instead of having most of it in a single place, else it be hit and they lose everything.

Not that the idea was doing much for Hexennacht, really, but their situation was a bit of an anomaly.

"If nothing else, this will be good to keep our combatants in shape," Agnes mused out loud, looking at their battle magicians relax after the battle was over. A number of other magicians, there for support and to take care of the after raid duties, moved forward and started inspecting the base in search for anything they might want to take.

"House of Water was never one for battle magicians anyway," Báthory commented and Agnes almost expected a barb about that. The woman had always wanted for the organization to turn to more… violent and drastic ways. She must be very pleased with herself to see that her "way" of things was being applied now. "I am pleased, indeed," she added, as if she were reading Agnes' mind.

She guessed it was kind of an obvious thought though.

"So, have you gotten word for those Divination supplies you asked for?" Báthory asked. Anges was almost surprised, actually. After all, she knew why the woman was really asking. It wasn't out of any interest on her deals or the organization's. It was to know more about Davis and the situation with him.

"Some, but I imagine it'll be more than enough for a new magician," Agnes answered truthfully. As it was, for once, both her and Báthory were on the same page. They needed to get on Joshua Davis's good side. If that meant working with one another and not trying to stab each other on the back, then they'd do it.

Reluctantly, but they would.

"I've pulled a few strings of mine to get some that weren't on your list," the other woman told her, to which she nodded. Whatever Báthory managed to get couldn't be considered nice by any stretch of the imagination, but that didn't mean Davis wouldn't appreciate it. The man seemed to understand that even "bad" things could be useful to know. If nothing else, his fondness for Hexes showed that.

"We are done, Ma'am," a young magician told Agnes, looking between her and Báthory nervously. If one were to trust the man's expression, he believed that they might just vaporize him for fun, amusingly enough.

"Good job," she replied simply. She might not have shown it, but she was very pleased that they'd been so fast. Granted, she had specifically prepared the entire group of people to be as efficient as possible so there'd be little to no risk, but still. They'd been faster than she'd anticipated. "Take everything back, we are going."

"Yes, ma'am."

Still, between her raids and Davis'... Hexennacht was bound to do something drastic sooner rather than later. She'd have to prepare even more for future attacks. As for Joshua, she'd comment on it, but she didn't think the man needed warning, really.

If anything, Hexennacht needed one.

[}-o-{]​

[Unknown]

He watched, curiously, how the human went about his days.

Or, maybe it was more accurate to say he sensed how it happened. Couldn't very well watch, without giving himself away. He didn't have the benefit that some of his fellow deities had. However, he didn't need the help of the Charm to have a good enough idea of what was going on.

He wasn't the only one to reach out either. Shed had spread the word rather enthusiastically, after all, but few had given it much thought. From time to time, one of them would pick up something from their domains and they'd get curious. It was something that happened and likely would pass.

Except, it hadn't.

Now, Nephthys and Set had joined Shed too, and he'd been… concerned, one could say. His relationship with those was complicated, to say the least, but then again, few had uncomplicated relations with Set. He was a god of chaos, after all, and those tended to be a little more troublesome to deal with even when you were on their side.

He would know.

Regardless, he was one of those deities that, while not connected, checked on the human more than the rest. It was no wonder, with the domains the man treaded in. What was a wonder was that it had taken him so long to find Joshua Davis. Then again, most of his pantheon was now known for not being the most connected to current affairs.

Except for Aten, but one god, no matter how powerful, couldn't keep a pantheon up by themselves.

Now though, things were stirring, he could feel it. Where before the members of his faction had been lethargic, they now moved, looked, reached for the world further than their domains. Where people would before barely react to their names, now the mention of the Egyptian pantheon was starting to mean something.

It was slow, so very slow.

Just a little, so very little.

But it was there, and nobody could deny it. Each day that passed, things changed for them, something that hadn't happened in a long time, if one didn't consider the slow descent into almost unconsciousness. The world was changing and so was their situation.

And he could see why.

He could also see what Shed had been talking about before.

Maybe his fellow god had been onto something, he'd admit. Joshua Davis was special, and maybe some wouldn't notice with a single glance. After some time observing the man, however, he could see it. A fast development for a human, nevermind the power he wielded. Talent without measure for the magic arts. A just as powerful mind that was doing miraculous things.

However, the most important thing had nothing to do with any of that. Had little to do with the man himself, ironically enough. No, his most defining and eye catching feature was his reach. The man seemed to make allies wherever he went and without even trying.

In less than two years, he'd spread strings everywhere. Every faction he came into contact with, he'd gain something. A friend, an ally, a family member, a colleague. People were bound to become something of his, it seemed. It was a very interesting, very strong talent to have.

Without even noticing, Davis was gaining favor all over the place. He was changing things, just by existing. 'What a strange being, indeed,' the deity mused to himself, curious and slightly disturbed. If the man could do so much in so little time. What could he do with more time, with more resources, with more help?

The deity wanted to see that, and he could tell that so did others. Oh, would they be watching the man. Now more than ever. He thought it humorous, actually. He'd just been thinking about how Davis seemed to draw people, factions to himself and he hadn't even considered that his own pantheon counted for that too.

Yes, Davis would go far, but before they could get involved, he needed to prove himself more. Prove himself like he had for Shed. Prove himself like he had for Nephthys. Prove himself like he had for Set.

The deity rather doubted that the man would be found wanting. If anything, he'd be surprised if it took Davis too long to start drawing the attention of more and more of his people. Especially considering what the man was doing at the moment. The many things he was doing at the moment, really, but the most prominent of them was what he was working on the most those days.

Yes, the deity was very curious about that. Davis certainly knew how to make himself noticed in the deity's domains, that was for sure. Yes, he definitely would be getting more personally involved like Shed, Nephthys and Set soon. First, because Davis would exceed expectations with this one project. Second, because he didn't want to join late for such a likely important event in their pantheon's history.

The times were changing indeed and it was for the better. Their pantheon would be out there in the world once more. Maybe not as active as some of the others, but they had never been like that. They'd leave a mark on the world like they'd always done.

With a champion, the intermediary between the deities and the people.

Yes, Horus couldn't wait.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

There wasn't as much magic babble as I thought there'd be in this chapter, disappointingly enough. We have some bonding experiences instead though! There's Joshua with Nagini, Joshua with Serafall and Agnes with Elizabeth… even if those latter two are doing so like pulling teeth.

There's also the last part which was interesting to write but I'm not sure how much you guys will like it.

Regardless, this chapter was interesting as a whole on several fronts. Can't wait to read what you think about all these. As it is, I'm just gonna leave things here and wait impatiently.

I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Gonna be doing anything today other than reading stories? I gotta write the next chapter after editing this one.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Asdercol, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 215 others
Adrian King
Jul 23, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 107 - Between the Good and the Evil
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#425
Between the Good and the Evil

[Kalawarna]

Things were calm, and that was both worrying and reassuring at the same time.

She was starting to feel like being conflicted about her emotions was going to be the norm, honestly. However, there was an explanation for those. On the one side, being left alone meant that Davis was more likely to just forget about them, or at least focus on them less, meaning that they were punished less. On the other side though, if he was too busy to torture them in the name of training, then he was obviously cooking something.

And that could only mean bad things for someone.

Someone that might be her.

"We can take it easy now, don't you know?" she asked pitifully as she blocked one of Raynare's light spears. "Davis hasn't been looking at us in a while," she added, trying to make her ex-"leader" see reason. She failed, if the following blow was any indication.

"You are more of a fool than I thought if you think that," Raynare replied, sneering at her as if she were a particularly mentally challenged slug. "He's always watching," she said, a tinge of an emotion in her voice that Kalawarna couldn't quite place. "And even if he isn't, his familiars are, and that means he is."

Suddenly, as her eyes darted up to see the Davis' spider familiar on the ceiling of the training area, Kalawarna felt like a particularly mentally challenged slug. That is, for the split second it took Raynare to kick her in the gut and send her into a wall. After that, there was a bit too much pain for her to really focus on much else except stopping more hurt from coming her way.

"Besides, even if he's distracted, he'll look back at us at some point," Raynare continued, pressing Kalawarna against a wall with her light spear dangerously close to the latter's face. "If he does and finds us wanting… Well, you can be lazy if you want. I certainly won't be. I'm tired of being this… pitiful."

And with that, Raynare seemed to decide she was done talking for the moment. Kalawarna herself couldn't have done a lot of that even if she'd wanted to, really. She was a bit too busy trying to keep herself in one piece against the clearly stronger fallen she was facing in a spar. If it could be called that, because she'd have called it a deathmatch herself.

Once Raynare was done with her and Kalawarna was left a mostly bruised mess on the ground of the training grounds, she was finally able to think for a bit. Granted, there wasn't much more that her brain could process other than exhaustion and hurt, but she managed to get a few thoughts together. The main one was, as it usually was as of late, how to get herself the fuck away from where she was.

It was depressingly sad to admit that she wasn't seeing many options. Or, maybe it was better to say that she didn't see any that didn't have a concerningly high chance of her dying a slow, painful death. She could try to backstab Davis at some point, but unless the situation was perfect, she was more likely to die herself before she got anywhere close. She could try to run away but… The chances of that working were zero, she was pretty sure. She could try a number of other things, but Davis was just too strong, especially under his defenses, which was where they were most of the time.

She was seeing no way out of her situation, but she could be patient. She had literally nothing else to do but try and wait for a chance, an opportunity. That was all that could save her at that moment, and Kalawarna would just have to hope for an opening to appear at some point.

Bruised and weary, she pulled herself to a standing position and finally left the sparring area. Mainly because Raynare had pulled Mittelt to the one next to where she was and she didn't want to be hit by a stray attack. She might just die if that happened, considering the state she was in.

As she moved, however, she caught movement from the side. Off the corner of her eye, Kalawarna saw Davis' cat familiar moving, golden eyes firmly on her. After Raynare's comment, she was especially on edge at that realization.

'Great, now I'm gonna be even more terrified of the fucking beasts,' she thought. The cat tilted its head then, and if Kalawarna hadn't known better, she'd have thought the thing was reading her mind. 'I'm getting even more paranoid than I need to be,' she thought, shaking the thoughts off. She needed to keep her mind in the game.

Keep training, so Davis wouldn't have a reason to punish her, if he didn't make up one. Keep waiting, so that whenever there was a way out, she'd be able to act. And maybe keep the fuck away from Raynare as much as possible too, because seriously, what had gotten into that woman?

Mittelt was kind of bending over backwards to appear like a harmless little thing that she definitely wasn't. Kalawarna knew that she herself was basically a desperate woman trying her best to not get herself killed or in a world of hurt. Raynare though, almost seemed to be rolling with the punches, and doing so well at that.

The woman trained like she wanted to, instead of just having to. She hung on to Davis' every word like they were the teachings of a Cadre. She observed the man like she admired him, for crying out loud. Kalawarna was pretty sure she was starting to lose it due to constant fear, pain and helplessness.

There was no way all that was happening… right?

[}-o-{]​

[Kuroka]

She sat there, feeling incredibly small in a room where Serafall Leviathan, Azazel, Gabriel and Yasaka sat too. She didn't know what the most incredible thing happening at the moment was though. Was it that all four of those were working together? Or was it that Davis was sitting next to her, looking entirely at ease in the presence of such a gathering of people while idly working on something on a notebook?

Kuroka honestly wondered if the man was just used to it all, which was a terrifying and also very interesting quality to find out. On the other hand, maybe he just didn't realize what was going on? Surely he did though. It was difficult for even ignorant people to not be surprised to see devils and angels working together.

Or maybe the man was a little crazy.

Unfortunately, she couldn't quite focus on the man as much as she wanted to, which was a shame. She already was seeing very little of Davis since he seemed to mostly be out of the house or working on something. That meant that Kuroka couldn't really try and get involved, else she risked simply annoying him, which would then lead to her being pressed against the ground by his spells…

And not in the fun way.

As it was, at that very moment, Kuroka needed to focus on the conversation of the faction leaders that the man next to her had basically summoned for a meeting. It wasn't quite how it had gone, but it was how she saw it. He'd called Leviathan to deal with her case, and that had somehow snowballed into the madness of a gathering that she was witnessing.

The fact that everyone seemed to be friendly with Davis was just the cherry on top of the unbelievable cake.

Back to the topic at hand, the leaders were discussing the information she'd provided. They were organizing themselves against Khaos Brigade. Kuroka knew this was massive, especially because the organization she'd been part of wasn't aware of any of this. They'd just thought the factions were starting to take them more seriously, not that there was an alliance in place to act against them.

Suddenly, Khaos' chances of succeeding in their endeavors were looking very slim, to Kuroka at least.

More importantly though, they were discussing how good her information was. Was it worth the trouble that she represented on several fronts? Was it worth risking more after confirming some of the things she'd provided intel on?

She dearly hoped the answer to those questions and a few more would be yes, because if not…

"Do you have an opinion on this, Joshua?"

Kuroka was surprised the question even came. She was further surprised that it came from Gabriel. Because sure, he seemed to be close to Leviathan and Yasaka in one way or another, and maybe Azazel would have made sense because he was an oddball, from what Kuroka knew. But Gabriel, the seraph? That was… That was…

"Joshua," Leviathan called, poking the man's side with her magical girl staff and snapping him out of his thoughts. The nekoshou was shocked, truly shocked that he could be so distracted in the presence of people that would have most bending at the knees and trembling.

Instead, she saw the man blink and look up like a student that had been woken up from a nap in the middle of class.

"What did I miss?" he asked, casually at that. He was acting like he hadn't been caught not paying attention to figures that decided what went on in a chunk of the supernatural world. It was… Kuroka didn't know what that was.

"We were discussing which of these pieces of information we should act on," Gabriel supplied, apparently unbothered by the disrespect. Maybe that was part of her angel thing? The others didn't look much different though. "The merits of going for a less important target over a bigger one that might be more risk than we are willing to take considering the dubious nature of the information."

Davis considered that for a moment, leaning back on his seat and looking up at the ceiling. Then he pulled the file he'd been given, which he hadn't so much as looked at before. Opening it, he skimmed over it for a moment. There was silence in the room as the four faction leaders waited for him to say something.

Kuroka really didn't know what to think anymore. As if Davis hadn't been in her radar enough, really. She could only look at him in awe… But not for long, considering there were four sets of very important eyes around that she'd rather not piss off in any way. She was also fairly sure that Yasaka and Leviathan were onto her, the former because of life sensing and the latter because… she might have been a tad reckless when they first met.

"Small target, medium target, big target," Davis said in the end, closing the file and pushing it away. "That's what I think. One from a different territory each. If you attack too many small ones trying to confirm things, then they'll get suspicious, nevermind the fact that they will when Kuroka takes too long to go back too. Besides, hitting a big target quickly has its own merits too, so there's that."

"Told you," Azazel shot immediately, drawing slightly annoyed reactions from all three of the other leaders. "Thanks for backing me up, buddy."

"... Sure," Davis replied, blinking blandly since he clearly had no idea what the Governor was talking about. "I thought I was here mostly as a formality, by the way," he added, turning his attention back to his notebook as he started working once more.

"That might be the case," Gabriel agreed with a slight nod that the man didn't see. "But it's always useful to have another perspective to problems. One that might be less in line with one's thoughts is all the better."

Kuroka wondered if that was all there was to it, because she was fairly sure there was more. She couldn't pick up much with her life sensing, but there was definitely something there. Especially judging by the narrow eyed look Yasaka sent. The youkai leader was obviously much better than Kuroka herself, or at least enough to have a better grasp of what was going on with the seraph.

"Hm, I guess," Davis replied absently, fully pulling away from the situation around him again as he continued working.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He sat, as was usual during those days, with a notebook on his lap. He worked through ideas on how to improve his Phoenix Spell prototype, determinedly ignoring the sounds of battle coming from in front of him. Rias and her peerage had dropped by for some training. She'd been fine with training by themselves, in her own words, or just doing so back home instead of at his place, when he'd told her that he'd be too busy to participate himself.

He'd waved off her concerns though, simply setting up the training spells and sicking the fallen angel trio on her group. The two teams could keep each other entertained while Asia treated any wounds. Jeanne had joined the side of the fallen to add a little more balance to the whole thing, and probably because she usually went with them when they attacked somewhere with the fallen too.

He'd mostly nodded at the suggestion and let her do as she wanted. His mind was kind of busy with other things, really. They knew the drill by then anyway, so there was no need for him to get overly involved, fortunately. Instead, Joshua could keep his focus on brainstorming ways to improve the spell he was working on so that it'd be more "presentable."

The target filter, the wardstone strain, the healing power… All of those he could slowly improve, he knew. The real problem was the energy consumption though. He just couldn't seem to find a way to optimize that without everything falling apart. He couldn't cut corners on the other areas, after all. There was only so much he could streamline from the established design.

It just wasn't feasible to heal someone on the same level as a Phoenix Tear without it costing an arm and a leg in terms of energy. The spell basically had to pull everything together, sometimes even creating new tissue and such from nothing. It had to combat curses and other spell damage. It had to fight off diseases that were, more often than not, magical in nature if not influenced by some other type of supernatural energy.

Joshua just couldn't find a way to do all that without spending a big amount of power in turn. It wouldn't have been a problem for him, since the power consumption was more than fine in his opinion. His opinion wasn't, unfortunately, the one that mattered though. No, he needed to make the spell good for everyone else.

Specifically for people that would try their best to be against it. He needed to make the spell, but make it in a way that would brute force its way through the biases of the devil Houses. That complicated matters more than a little bit, honestly, and it was building a wall that Joshua just kept hitting his head against.

'Is there even a way to pull this off?' he wondered, not for the first time. He was starting to think that maybe it couldn't be done, that the best he could hope for was a bootleg version of the healing effect. Maybe he couldn't replicate the same thing without some aspect of it falling apart.

If that was the case, he'd better hope that Rias and her group were strong enough to defeat Riser, especially since she didn't have Issei in her peerage anymore. Still, he was fairly sure that they were much better now than they were before. Joshua was almost positive that they could win that fight, but then again, Phenex. That regeneration power was just bullshit.

Even with Scale Mail, Issei had needed to basically cheat with the holy water and cross trick… Or so Joshua remembered. So, what did that say about the bullshit level the Phenex Pillar's power reached? Not even a Longinus Balance Breaker could kick their ass, apparently. Granted, that Issei had basically a bootleg Balance Breaker since he had to cheat it into existence with a deal with Ddraig, but still.

With a groan, Joshua looked up and chastised himself for getting distracted. He needed to focus and continue working, not letting his mind go through worthless tangents. Rias was doing her best with the tools he could give her and he needed to make sure she didn't need to win that fight anyway.

"Joshua?" a voice called from the side hesitantly and he turned to see Asia, nervously shifting on her feet with a tray and a cup of tea on it. "I thought you could use something to relax a bit?" she mumbled, sounding more like she was asking instead of stating. "I can leave if you need space though."

"No, it's fine, Asia," he told her softly, shoulders dropping. "Take a seat, yeah? The girls like you anyway," he told her, and the girl sat next to him, not quite leaning on Nagini as he was. "Things are going well for you in Kuoh, right? Nothing I should know?"

"Ah, um…" she started, clearly hesitating to say something. Ultimately, her honest, open nature won out in the end. "There's these two boys at school," she said and Joshua already knew where things were going. He hadn't yet killed someone from the mundane world, but he was pretty sure but he could make an exception if- "They were… not that nice," Asia commented, which might as well be saying that they were war criminals in Asia-speech. That might be a little bit of an exaggeration but still, the point stood. "But everyone helped me when I got uncomfortable."

"Everyone?"

"Hm." She nodded. "Jeanne, Issei, Aika, Rias' group, the kendo club," she listed off and he nodded. Good, people were having the girl's back. That was nice, especially considering that she was sort of his responsibility and he hadn't had much time to help her with things.

"And with the Church?" he asked, because there was a non-zero chance that someone would mess with her over there too, even with the side he was supporting watching out for her. "Nobody is doing anything suspicious or bad, right?"

"No, not that I've seen," Asia answered, giving him a little smile that looked entirely too adorable. She was giving Kunou a run for her money, if he were honest. "They… They ask me similar questions whenever I have to go and heal them… Things are bad, for the Church, right?"

"... I haven't personally seen much besides the one attack and it wasn't all that," Joshua answered, idly looking towards the sparring groups. "But I do know that things are… tense, there are skirmishes happening and ambushes. That's what I've heard, at least. They are tight lipped, at least around me."

"Hm, I understand that," Asia replied, looking down while Joshua took a sip from the tea she'd brought him. It looked like she needed a moment to herself, so he gave it to her. "I just… I don't understand."

"And that's what makes you a good person, Asia. No, that's what makes you a great person. Because you don't understand how someone could do the things they are doing," Joshua told her, bringing a hand up and patting her head. "The world should be filled with people like you instead of people like them, like me."

"But you are a good person too, Joshua. A great person," Asia told him, pouting cutely as she protested his statement. In turn, he gave her a sad smile.

"I've killed a bunch of people, did you know? Most of them I'm not even sure if they deserved it," he confessed, pulling his hand away from her then as he watched her eyes widening. "I've killed Khaos Brigade members and a whole lot of Hexennacht, for the sole reason that they were just that. I don't know how bad they were, if they'd even done anything at all. But they were part of a group that did terrible things, so I killed them."

He paused then, bringing the cup of tea to his lips.

"So, I don't think I'm a good person, but I'm fine with that. I'll make the world a better place for the actually good people," Joshua told her softly, a sad smile on his face. "I think I could be happy with that."

"I still think you are a good person, Joshua," Asia said, more firmly than he expected, making it his turn to look at her with wide eyes. "You've been kinder to me than some of the people that preached to be good," she told him, giving him a grateful smile. "I think that makes you good. Maybe not great, as you say, but good. And maybe I'm not great either, for thinking that, but I can be happy just being good."

"Throwing my words back at me, huh?" he pointed out with a smile. "That's not very nice."

"Then it's a good thing I'm just a good person and not great."

"You are going to keep saying things like that, aren't you?" he asked, drawing an innocent smile that he could almost believe. "We've corrupted you, we finally did it."

Asia giggled.

"And I'm grateful for that," she told him softly.

"Well, I guess that's what matters," he replied with a nod as he took another sip from his tea. And that's where the conversation ended, with them remaining in companionable silence. After a minute or so, he felt Asia shift so that she was resting her head on his shoulder and he tried to make her new position as comfortable as possible.

Eventually, he was done with the drink, setting it inside a Storage Space to wash later and picking up his notebook again. He didn't have much better luck than before, but he did find himself more relaxed. That by itself was a win in Joshua's books, at least. Frustration didn't really help him work better, after all.

He was interrupted then, when a dagger flew towards them. Looking up, Joshua's hand shot to the side to catch the knife before it could hit Asia. It'd probably just have graced her, but she wasn't really a fighter, so there was a chance that she'd flinch or try to dodge the wrong way. Better to be safe.

"I'm so sorry," Yuuto said, looking genuinely dismayed by what had happened.

"It's fine. No harm done," Joshua reassured him. If he hadn't known how bad the boy felt, he might have given him a harder time, but he did. Besides, he was getting to know him better, since he would sometimes drop by to spend time with Jeanne, there or at the cafe. Bold of him, considering everyone knew he practically knew everything that happened inside his wards. "Be more careful next time."

"I got carried away. It won't happen again," Yuuto replied with a nod and pursed lips. Not that Joshua fully believed him. The boy would certainly try, but one was never in complete control of a fight.

"See that you don't," Joshua commented, idly looking at his hand. The dagger had gone cleanly through his palm. Normally, that'd be at least a painful injury but with Set's blessing, it was barely more than an uncomfortable thing. Pulling the dagger off, he saw the sand that was his body reform into his normal hand.

And then Joshua paused.

Blinking, he stared at his palm before stabbing it again.

"Joshua?" Asia asked, clearly confused, but he ignored her. Instead, he pulled the dagger off again and saw how his hand returned to normal with the grains of sand going back to their place after the hole was free once again. "Is everything ok?"

"Just perfect," he breathed out absently. Then his lips pulled up into a half-smile. "Yuuto!"

"Yes?" the boy asked, turning around stiffly, his expression worried. Evidently, he was expecting to get into trouble after Joshua reconsidered things or something in that vein.

"You might have just earned yourself my blessing for Jeanne's hand, just saying."

"Josh?" his sister said, clearly caught off guard. After a moment, she repeated that, but this time having had enough time to process what he said and being shocked. "Josh?!"

However, he ignored her too, and everyone else for that matter.

He might just have found exactly what he needed.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

The parts that have me the most concerned are the Kuroka part and the chat with Asia. I'm not sure I managed to write the former all that well and I'm not sure if I managed to toe the edgy line in the latter without messing up. I think I did, but I can already see people thinking otherwise…

Kalawarna was fun though, so that was good. And the last part… hehe… Things for the future, I'm afraid. Can't go around spoiling my own stories.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What's the color of the walls around you? In my case, they are white.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 215 others
Adrian King
Jul 23, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 108 - I’ll Rise Like the Break of Dawn
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#430
I'll Rise Like the Break of Dawn

"So, remember," he said, turning to look at the class after finishing writing some things on the blackboard. "Sometimes, it's necessary to make changes to your design that might carry over further work through the entire thing. It's frustrating and you'll want to avoid it, but doing so will only delay you and get you nowhere. If you find a simple solution that doesn't imply changes anywhere else, then chances are that it's wrong. If it's not, good for you, but don't let that tempt you into believing a flawed design is good. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Professor Davis," the class replied, noting down what he was saying and what he'd written for them along with the graphics.

Normally, he'd be sort of frustrated to have to cut into his spell crafting time for a class at House of Water. Especially after he'd had a breakthrough and was making some great progress on the Phoenix Spell like he hadn't at any other point in all the time he'd poured into that project. However, this time, it was sort of necessary to take a break.

This was more or less part of the process, after all. Not the class per se, but showing up to it. Besides, it was a nice moment to take a break, considering he could afford to relax a bit now that there was light at the end of the tunnel. On top of that there was the fact that Joshua learned about as much as he taught his students in class, just by picking at their circles, their attempts at magic and such. All of it was a well of information that he fully intended to take advantage of.

"With all that in mind," Joshua continued, reaching the end of his lecture. "I want you all to bring an example of a very simple spell that is turned into a really complicated one due to modification," he said, causing mutterings to start sounding through the classroom. "From your main magics," he added, drawing a few groans from the crowd. He knew nobody shared a main magic with another student, so that would work to stop them from cheating and picking the same spell, like the Magic Signal Spell.

He really wouldn't put it past some of his students. They could be little shits like that, even if they'd slowly stopped being as obnoxious as they once were. It might have slowly been pounded into their heads that he wouldn't hesitate to kick them out or otherwise affect their lives, Joshua supposed. It had been hard, but he seemed to have finally managed, thankfully.

"I'm sure you'll have lots of fun," he commented, drawing a few angry glares that simply made him smile. "That's all, you can go," he said then, simply waving towards the exit. Immediately, the students started gathering their things and leaving. "Miss Ordinton, stay behind, please," he said, making the star group look towards the girl for a moment. Likely because this was the second time that he did that seemingly without reason.

Maybe it was good that he'd gone through something similar with George when he'd been gathering information regarding Recovery Magic. He'd actually done something similar with Levi too, and the whole star group at least once. That was probably why him having Meredith stay back only really drew some curious looks and nothing else.

Well, there was some annoyance from the rest of the normal students, but if one of them so much as thought about causing trouble…. Joshua was fairly sure that they knew what would happen and that was deterrent enough. If it wasn't, he wouldn't hesitate to do something about it. He was way beyond caring about any of them. He had much more scary people to deal with than them or their families and he was fairly sure that magician associations didn't want to mess with him, judging by some of the things he'd picked up through his time working for House of Water.

He stood in front of his desk, leaning on it as he looked at Meredith and waited. There was really no need for him to even ask. The girl had to know what he was getting at. So, he just tilted his head and raised an eyebrow at her.

"W-… Did you need something, sir?" she asked him, making him sigh.

"Miss Ordinton, is there some way I can help?" he shot back instead of answering. He could tell that the bluntness caught her off guard, even without the extra information of his wards and senses. "Please, do tell me if I can, because I'd like to. You are a great student, and I guess I've grown fond of you, just like I have the rest of your group."

"I…" she started, and he was sure that she was going to try and deny everything or at least avoid talking about it. However, Meredith seemed to pause for a moment and close her mouth. Eventually, after a long few seconds, she spoke again. "... My family got in contact with me."

"Ok," he replied, making it very obvious that he expected a little more than that. Wasn't like he could do much with just that, right? He wasn't going to press her on it though. She seemed to be struggling a lot to talk, so he didn't want to make things worse.

"They… They didn't want anything to do with me," Meredith told him, looking down and gripping her skirt tightly. "They'd been denying that I existed for this long and then… Then they heard about your classes and that I was one of your best students and… And they heard that you had a lot of political power, presence."

'I think I know where this is going,' Joshua thought, holding back a grimace as he looked at the clearly upset girl. 'What do I do about this though?'

"There's rumors about you, some more real than others, I'm sure but… Well, if half of them are true, like my… family thinks, then they wanted me to… get close to you, see if I could sway you to their side," Meredith admitted, keeping her eyes firmly on the ground.

"Well, I can tell you that I won't do that," he told her simply, watching her deflate as he walked towards her. He stood next to her, eventually, feeling her eyes darting towards him. Crossing his arms, and tilting his head to look at her, he continued. "You weren't really trying though. You've been participating less in my classes than before."

"You've helped me a lot. You making me stand out from the rest of the students has been great for me," Meredith told him softly. "You are a great teacher. I didn't… I'd have felt bad, if I tried to manipulate you like that. And… And my family doesn't care. I want them to, but… I know they don't care and it hurts and… And I don't know what to do."

"My sister had a terrible family before I adopted her," Joshua told her, for the first time drawing her gaze towards him. "Family can be terrible and trying to ignore that isn't going to help you at all. I can't make decisions for you, Miss Ordinton, but I think you should ignore them. You've built your life. If they wanted to ignore a talented girl like you, that's their problem. You don't owe them anything… Of course, this is just my opinion," he added in the end, shrugging a little.

"Golden Dawn is… they want me to follow through with what my family wants. Both could benefit from… Well, from you," she told him and Joshua felt like she was talking more to finally let things out more than because she thought it was a good idea.

"If they cause you trouble, any of those, just tell me, and I'll deal with it. This is sort of my fault, after all, and like I said, I've grown fond of you," Joshua reassured her. He was sure he could get Agnes to poach the girl. He probably wouldn't even need to phrase it like a deal. "You know what, I'll talk to Director Agnes. I'm sure she can do me a favor and keep an eye out for you. Let Golden Dawn and whoever give me half a reason and I'll pull a few strings. I have plenty anyway," he commented casually.

It'd be nice to have something to actually use some of the favors he'd earned. He was sure Agnes would appreciate the chance to do something other than attacking Hexennacht. Maybe he could go further and involve other magician associations. Or maybe Azazel? He did have a bunch of different Sacred Gear related spells he could trade for, really.

One might think it was exaggerated, to do so much for who was just one more student in his class but… Meredith and his "group of stars" were different. They didn't just make him feel good about himself as a teacher, but they also helped keep things moving, keep things active. That helped the class, but it also helped Joshua. If people asked questions, participated and all, it allowed him to think more, maybe look at something from a new perspective, give ideas.

The classes at House of Water were useful for him and half the reason for that was his group of stars. It was why he felt like sending them in Yasaka's direction. It was why he tried to be good with them. It was his way of repaying them.

'Maybe Yasaka was right and there is something about the Supernatural and favors,' he considered idly.

"You… You would do that?" Meredith asked, looking up at him with wide, hopeful blue eyes.

"Sure would," he replied, planting his hand on top of her auburn hair and messing it up a little like he would have Kunou or Asia. Poor girl looked even younger than she already was with the way she was drawing into herself. "So, if you need help in any way, let me know. You are under my wing now, so, do take advantage of that, yeah? But not too much. I think you are smart. I'd hate to be proven wrong."

"I… I won't let you down, sir," Meredith said, a sort of steel appeared in her eyes. It made him smile to see it. That was more the student that he'd come to know. "I… I have a Sacred Gear," she admitted, making a golden crown appear on her head, a band with several jewels embedded on it. "Alpheca Tyrant, it lets me attack with holy nails and… and I can rewrite beings that I hit with them, change them."

"Sounds powerful… and dangerous," Joshua pointed out, looking at the thing and feeling it out with his wards. He'd known she had a Sacred Gear and could even pick up several facts about it, but he hadn't known exactly what it was. It was good to know that his spells were good though, since his information had been pretty good.

"It is… Nobody knows I have it though, or if they do, they don't know what it does," Meredith told him. "I wanted… I wanted you to know… for trusting me."

"There was no need for that, but I appreciated it nonetheless," he told her softly. "Do be responsible with that though, will you? I think I've taught you enough that you will, but it's never too many warnings with that kind of stuff."

"I know, Professor Davis," Meredith said, a smile forming on her face. "I… think I should go now. Sorry for taking your time, sir."

"I'm sure you do and don't worry about it. You are a star student, after all," he told her with a grin in return. "Margalo, do you mind keeping Miss Ordinton company for a bit? She's great, I'm sure you'll see why in a bit," he asked over his shoulder before turning to regard his student once more.

Expectedly, the bird was all to happy to comply.

"Do take care, Miss Ordinton."

"I will. Thank you, Professor Davis," the girl told him, smiling and waving as she moved out of the classroom. A moment later, he turned to look at a previously unoccupied seat in his classroom.

"That was cute," a voice said, and Joshua's hand snapped to the side to catch the object that materialized by his side. Idly, he opened the can of beer as a half smile formed on his face.

"Nephthys, sorry for the wait."

[}-o-{]​

"Things are going well, then?" Yasaka asked as they ate at a restaurant, sitting across from each other with Kunou to their side. They were under illusions, obviously, and with some heavy warding over the place since they'd gone there a bunch of times. Repeating the same place meant that he could work on the already existing defenses instead of having to set up new ones somewhere else. Besides, there were only so many places they could go to in Kyoto.

"Things are going great," he replied enthusiastically, grinning widely. "I had a great breakthrough and it's been going really well with every little change I've applied to the spell design from then on. I think I might be done with the entire thing instead of having a fake finished product. I can't believe I didn't see it before, honestly. Why was I so intent on copying the original thing when I'd already taken bits and pieces from a bunch of different sources?"

"You know what they say about hindsight," the youkai leader pointed out and he laughed, nodding to acknowledge the point. "You are looking much more relaxed now, I noticed."

"I feel like the weight of the world was taken off my shoulders," he commented, leaning back for a moment and running his fingers through his hair. "I was really stressed out because of that wall I kept hitting my head against. Now I'm feeling great. I'll feel even better once the thing is at least mostly done, but I think I have time."

"It's good to see you feeling better," Yasaka commented, smiling in a way that really wasn't fair at all.

"Well, I could say the same about you, really," he shot back, making her blink as if he'd caught her off guard. "Things are going better on your side too, I'm guessing? Because if I need to call more favors-"

"That won't be necessary," she interrupted quickly. If he hadn't known better, he'd have said she sounded flustered. "Really. I have been doing my job for a while, Joshua, in case you didn't notice."

"Doesn't mean I can't help," he replied with a grin. "Nor does it mean you can't ask for help, you know? It doesn't mean you aren't capable or anything. There's no need to take the hard road if there's an easier option."

"I know that, but I like doing things on my own. It's what I'm used to doing," the woman replied to which he shook his head.

"Please don't be this stubborn when you grow up, ok?" Joshua asked Kunou, turning towards her and giving her an exaggerated pleading look.

"I won't, dad," she replied happily. For some reason, she looked even happier than usual, but Joshua wasn't complaining. "Does this mean you'll have more time to visit and go out like this?"

"I haven't been visiting less, as far as I know," he commented, blinking and tilting his head.

"I mean, yeah," Kunou mumbled, suddenly drawing into herself. "But you always had to work and we didn't get to play or tinker or anything like that," she said, finishing with a pout that had him smiling apologetically.

"I'm sorry about that. Yes, we can continue adding cards to Project Duel, I promise. And I'll come up with a few stories I can show you too," he told her. And by that last one he meant ripping off more stories from back in his world. They'd worked well for him so far, even if sometimes he liked to change a few or a lot of things. He'd had to heavily alter the Naruto version he'd shown her, after all, so that he could make the Nine-Tails a little more… friendly for her, as it were. "And yeah, we can go on more outings like this, sure. At least, once I'm actually done working, but I should be a lot more free now."

"That's great," she commented, going back to looking like a happy camper. "I can't wait."

"Have I told you that you spoil her too much?" Yasaka asked, giving him an amused look.

"Mom!"

"Only like a hundred times," Joshua replied with a chuckle. "I can't help it. She's too adorable to tell her no."

"I'm not adorable," Kunou protested, pouting again in a totally adorable way.

"Way too adorable."

"Dad!" she whined. "You are supposed to be on my side!"

"I am," he agreed with a nod. "Doesn't mean I will lie though."

To that, the little girl gave up, huffed and turned back to her meal.

"Hm, she's not talking to me anymore," Joshua noted, looking at the girl and then turning to look at Yasaka. If anything, the woman looked even more amused than before. "I guess she won't want to help us pick a place to go next, such a shame, right?"

"Wait, what?"

"Truly, a tragedy," Yasaka said, shaking her head. Contradicting her words though, the smile stayed on her face. "But I guess we can pick up a few good places to visit by ourselves. Something she'd think is boring. Might be our only chance."

"Mom!"

"I think you are right, now, where to go, where to go?" he wondered out loud, making a show of looking thoughtful. "Tough one, I gotta say, but I do have some ideas."

"Dad, come on!" Kunou whined loudly and he'd have been worried because of the volume… if it weren't for the illusions he'd weaved around them that he kept adapting. "You both suck," she grumbled.

"What did you just say, young lady?" Yasaka asked sharply, her tone shifting.

"Uh, er, um… Sorry?"

"Oh, you'll be. No card games tonight."

"Mom!"

[}-o-{]​

"Levi, I swear, if you smacked me with your staff again," Joshua said, inflicting an exasperated tinge to his voice as he turned and saw Serafall and her villain of the moment. A woman, with a dark dress and just as dark hair and accessories on her person. "Well, who's the pretty lady?"

"The one that smacked you with her staff," Serafall answered, sounding just as exasperated and adding annoyance to the mix. "In a manner of speaking, at least."

"The thief wakes up… If you think that he will change anything, Levi, you are mistaken," the villain said, her voice filled with smugness that would surely inspire many Underworld children to smack her if they ever got the chance.

"Ex-cuse me?" Joshua asked then, frowning and placing a hand on his chest. "I'm the only one that gets to call her Levi, lady. And it's not very nice to smack people, I'll have you know?"

"And what will you do about it, thief?" the villain asked, raising an eyebrow at him. "Your friend here is on her last legs. You've been unconscious for long too. You were weak and are now even weaker. Meanwhile, here I am, at my best, stronger than I've ever been."

Wow, she was good. She'd definitely have a return arc, Joshua could bet. Serafall must love her. Who knows? He wasn't quite updated in public opinion, but he could see it if she'd managed to make up for the loss of his character for a while… If Domino not being there had been as much of a loss as Serafall said, that is, which he doubted.

"Well, Lady Ebony Dark'ness," Joshua started, running his hand through his hair and pulling out the mask that gave his character his name and placing it in front of his eyes.

"My name is-"

"I'll do what I do best," he interrupted, extending a hand towards the side. "And you know what that is?"

"Being a nuisance and a waste of space?" the woman asked, looking thoroughly unimpressed.

"That'd be-"

"-stealing," Serafall finished before him, grinning even in her "tired" state.

"Stealing," Joshua agreed with a nod and a smirk.

"And what will you be stealing, young man? My time with your stupidity?"

"I mean, that too," Joshua replied with a nod and a chuckle. "But, Lady Dementia-"

"That's not my-" the woman started saying, clearly very "annoyed" and "angry".

"-you can't leave fancy stuff near a thief, you know?" he finished as a rock fell on his extended hand. "And this looks plenty fancy," he said, looking at the apple-sized item.

"When did you-?"

"Have you met my lil' friend? Her name's Luna," he introduced with a grin as Margalo landed on his shoulder and gave the villain a very smug look, puffed chest and all. "And I do believe this is one of the Eternity Orbs. I'd almost say this is the Space Orb even," he commented, before teleporting next to Serafall. "Wouldn't you? Levi?"

"I've never been happier that you are a crafty piece of work, Domino."

"Why, I can almost feel the love," he said with a grin. "I do believe we have somewhere else to be. Preferably far away from Miss Raven Way."

"When did you-?" Miss Villain didn't finish that question, with her eyes wide and her face pale. Instead, he teleported both himself, Margalo and Serafall away from the set.

"And cut!" the director called, and Joshua ran his fingers through his hair.

"I liked that. Man, did I miss that. How did you make me like this?" he asked Serafall and saw her beaming at him. "How, you crafty devil?"

"You say the sweetest things, Joshua, truly," she replied, exaggeratedly batting her eyes at him. "And isn't it great?!" she added, switching back to excited child mode. "I'm so happy you like it, and that you are back! You sure you don't need more time?"

"No, this is great. And I'm doing great with the spell so I honestly can afford a few breaks now without feeling like everything will crumble to pieces if I don't," he said, cracking his neck. "I really ought to do something nice for Kiba, honestly."

"And maybe I'll have to too," Serafall commented. "For now though, that was the last scene to work on, at least, if the director is happy, which I think he'll be."

"And you gotta approve of it too," he pointed out. "But after that we are free."

"You thinking what I'm thinking?" Serafall asked him, grinning.

"Cafe?"

"Cafe," she confirmed with a nod. "Now, come on, we have to check that the scene is perfect and then we are free. Free as a bird, ain't we, Margalo?" the woman commented, receiving a cheerful chirp from the bird on his shoulder. That is, before said bird jumped off, batted her wings and landed on the Satan's shoulder.

"Ah, I see how it is. I'm not your favorite person anymore, huh?" Joshua asked, following them with a smile that contradicted his words. "I see, I see."

His words didn't have the desired result, considering Margalo only let out her version of a giggle. Disappointingly, he followed after them and he was definitely not pouting. He'd show the little meanie. See how she likes it when he doesn't let her play with him.

Now that got a reaction from Margalo, as the bird read him through their bond and turned to give him a look.

"So, feel like trying out anything new or are you going for that drink that looks like it'd melt teeth again?" Joshua asked as he caught up and started walking besides Serafall. In response, the woman just turned to look at him and raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, I figured."

"If anything, you are the weird one, Joshua. Who goes to a cafe and orders tea, honestly."

"There's nothing wrong with that!" he protested, receiving only a sarcastic hum in response. "There's not!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

It's genuinely great to be able to write Joshua being more relaxed and all again. Granted, I feel like my own burn out might have bled into the character a bit, but I'm not out of the woods myself so… Regardless, at least it was a genuine delight to write this chapter with a much more positive vibe.

I'm not sure where Meredith's part is going with the two recent scenes she got, but they are going somewhere alright.

And then there's a Yasaka scene (with some Kunou because we all know there's no good chapter without the adorable little thing) and a Serafall scene that's half from her show. It's actually kind of fun to write that, honestly. Maybe I can recycle that idea for another character and story and have it much more Serafall/Show oriented or something. Sounds like it'd be interesting, if nothing else.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Favorite part of the chapter?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 203 others
Adrian King
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 109 - Take Your Shot-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#434
Take Your Shot-

It was done…

After so long, the Healing Spell was done. He'd tested it a bunch of times with a handful of different people. Hell, he'd even tested it on different people from different races with some help from Yasaka and Serafall. Keeping things quiet might have been a problem, but the number of people involved was low and he trusted the two women's judgment.

Besides, the spell's existence would get out soon anyway.

Sure, it was a very complex spell that worked much better as an array than it did as a single spell, but he kind of needed it to be a single spell. It'd be much more meaningful that way when presented to people. And yet, despite that added difficulty, he'd done it. He'd cracked a devil bloodline and made something that worked just as well as the original thing did. Maybe even better depending on how the process of making Phoenix Tears went.

'I can't believe it's finally done,' he thought, leaning back and chuckling disbelievingly. How long had he spent tinkering, studying, researching, testing, brainstorming and so many other things? Sure, he'd done other things in the meantime, but it felt like this one project had been his main project for an eternity even if it hadn't even been close to a whole year. 'I did it,' thought, grinning widely.

He felt, through his bonds, his familiars congratulating him. Through the Charm, he felt the Egyptian gods doing something in that vein too. He even felt other presences besides the usual three, even if they were… less clear.

It wasn't unexpected though, considering what Nephthys had told him during their last talk.

"It's fine. More than fine, actually," she had confirmed, looking positively delighted with his question. "If only you knew, Joshua Davis. Don't you worry, young wizard. We are watching, more than you think, less than you fear. If anything you did bothered us, we'd tell you. As it is… you silly man, what you are doing works in our favor too, in case you hadn't noticed."

It had been an interesting conversation. A little concerning too, he supposed, but Joshua was growing more and more sure that the Egyptians didn't mean him any harm. He'd checked several times with Yasaka and Serafall for their opinions and they hadn't had much to say, but at least that meant they hadn't had anything bad to say either, so he'd take that.

It just made him incredibly nervous that he didn't know what they wanted. They'd been helping him, however indirectly, for a while already. The more time passed, the more he felt like they were stacking the deck in their favor for something that they wanted from him. The fact that the supernatural world seemed to work that way a lot didn't really help. If you gave something, you got something back. If you received something, you were expected to give something back.

Which had worked well for Joshua so far, but with the Egyptians…

Yeah.

The reassuring feelings the deities sent him were appreciated too, but not quite as good at improving his suddenly somewhat ruined mood. It was a good thing that his mood was through the fucking roof due to the Healing Spell. Not even his paranoia – Or healthy concerns, as he liked to call them – would ruin that for him anytime soon.

'Amazing,' he thought, dispelling the magic before placing the focus for the spell inside a storage spell. Absently, he patted Cheshire with a grin on his face. He was feeling giddy. This was just great. He felt like he was on top of the world. Nothing could stop him, nothing could bring him down. 'Gotta set this down for good with the rest of the home array,' he decided, standing up and starting to make his way down to the ward room.

At the rate he was going, he might need Serafall to do another tune up to the house just so he'd have more space there. Everywhere else was more than fine, but obviously both of them had severely underestimated how much his array would occupy. As it was, and with some of the plans he had in mind, doubling the space might not cut it.

On his way there, he saw the fallen training. Idly, he checked with his wards, his senses and Cheshire. Little had changed, apparently. Mittelt was still calm and playing it safe. Kalawarna was properly terrified but clearly nowhere near good. And Raynare…

Raynare was getting a little confusing, he'd admit. He got a lot of hate, annoyance and anger from her, which was expected, but she always seemed mostly fine. She listened to commands, and even just listened in general. She worked hard on anything he set her to do too, especially training. She even seemed to go out of her way to do stuff sometimes. Granted, most of that was just training in her free time, but still…

'She wants to get stronger that badly, huh?' he mused, tilting his head as he considered something for a moment and paused on his trip to the ward room. 'I guess I'll have a volunteer for the Ascension Project,' he thought idly. That was a very good thing, since Joshua wasn't eager to experiment on unwilling test subjects that couldn't even defend themselves.

Testing aggressive ideas in a combat situation was one thing, but doing so with someone that was basically helpless was different… Or so he reasoned that in his head, at least. Maybe he was just trying to make excuses for the things he did, but he didn't think that was the case. It wasn't like the excuses made up for much.

'So, Awakening takes priority after this, then Ascension, then Everchanging and then Intelligence… Am I forgetting something?' he mused idly as he started moving again. He did leave Cheshire to keep an eye on the Fallen together with Nagini. Or, more accurately, left Cheshire to keep an eye on Nagini with the Fallen, because the snake had ideas regarding the angels that… He was sure they wouldn't be fans of… at all.

Leaving aside his familiar's dietary wishes, he continued on his way.

Joshua could have teleported, of course, but that felt… lazy. Besides, it wasn't like he was doing nothing else while walking, really. He had checked on the Fallen, of course, but he also checked on Asia, who was once more tending to her plants, with Kuroka nearby but staying away from her. Joshua wondered how long his order to keep it like that would last though, because he really didn't trust the Nekoshou, honestly. He checked on Jeanne, who was on a date at the cafe once more. He checked on Issei, who seemed to be working there again. He even checked on Aika, who was reading through one of the beginner astrology books he'd given her while enjoying a drink at the cafe too.

He'd skimmed through the book some himself and it seemed to detail some very mild, very inaccurate reading of present circumstances. Like a vague prediction of the future chinese-cookie style, but for stuff or people or places during the very moment when the reading was taken. Like, super mega discount clairvoyance, he supposed. As good a place to get started as any, and she had all the time in the world, as far as Joshua was concerned.

Someone with that kind of skill could be very useful. Maybe more useful than Issei himself, depending on the situation and considering the kind of things Joshua could do with the right information. Not that he liked thinking like that, but that didn't make it any less true.

'Speaking of, maybe I should help Issei get better too. He has a Longinus and at the very least Vali will come looking for him once the word gets out,' Joshua mused. Yeah, maybe he could get him roped in with the training sessions Rias and her group were being put through. Maybe Sona would want to join in too. That way, Issei would be able to better get a read on them… or Aika would, since the boy was clearly not the brains there.

Joshua had no problem with Issei deciding to become a devil, honestly. There were pros and cons to it, same as with being a human. He was lucky in that regard, considering that his game system allowed him to push past most of those cons. The short lifespan, for example, was likely to not be a problem as he progressed with Senjutsu. Magic came so naturally to him that maybe he'd even have a worse time working with another system. And… sure, he was likely on the weak side if one looked at him in terms of raw power.

But he wasn't a raw power type of guy, so he was fine with that.

'Ok, now to set this up,' he thought, walking inside the ward room and making his way to one of the empty spots. There, he started placing down the spells for the Healing Spell. 'I can probably make this even better,' he mused, tilting his head once he was done. 'Could probably cut corners here and there for certain situations, less draining to recharge slower would be a way. That's a drawback and a half, but a smaller spell can have its uses. Maybe targeting a single person instead of a bunch of them would work too.'

For the moment, he felt the addition of the Healing Array to his already present ones and grinned widely. No need to add the less efficient spell to his place when he could use an array. Besides, a whole array instead of a single spell meant that he could tweak things more easily. That was something that others wouldn't be able to take advantage of anyway.

'Time to get in contact with Serafall and Sirzechs,' he thought. It was time to wrap things up on that front, finally.

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

"You are sure that's what Nephthys said, right?" she asked for the fourth time as she sat in a meeting room with Joshua and Sirzechs. It was pretty much useless to ask again by then. Things had been set in motion already. If they had to backtrack, then things would be bad regardless. Still…

"Yes, that's what she said," Joshua answered, looking entirely too calm. 'He's been meeting too many important people. We could use the nervous thing that he was when we first met right now,' she lamented to herself. Still, she couldn't deny that it was kind of ho- "And you are the one that always tells me not to worry about them?" the man in question asked her, giving her an unimpressed look.

"This is different," she replied lamely. To recover some face, she did the mature thing… and stuck her tongue out. Being mature was overrated anyway. "We have one shot at this," she reminded him, even though she knew that Joshua was very much aware of that. He'd been a mess for a good while, after all, pushing himself to worrying levels.

Then he'd had his breakthrough, which had flipped everything around. Serafall would admit that she was a bit worried that maybe he'd gotten carried away for something that was a lot less meaningful than he thought. She had seen his newest spell in action though and it had looked like it did exactly what it said on the tin.

However…

This was a devil bloodline. Nobody had ever managed to crack one before. At most, people had managed cheap knockoff versions of them, and those were already pretty damn impressive. The closest thing to what Joshua was doing was what Merlin had done to give humans magic by cracking the devil magic system.

"I'm aware," Joshua replied calmly. Serafall would go as far as saying he was too calm for what was going to happen shortly. He looked towards the door as if he were waiting for one of Yasaka's servants to bring him tea and not for the entrance of one of the major houses of the underworld. "This will go well, one way or another."

Well, wasn't that ominous?

"It works," Joshua said, firmly and without even the smallest of doubts. "So, they'll have to do something about it."

"You know that they could decide to get you killed and your research and work dealt with, right?" Sirzechs pointed out and Serafall rolled her eyes. They'd covered that already.

"I left failsafes everywhere. If I die," he replied with a slight smile on his face, going over the plan. Serafall wondered if talking about this was as soothing as it was for her. It certainly helped with her nerves to remember that there was a plan in place. Especially since this was Joshua's life on the line here. "Then a number of people will learn about the spell. Even if they deal with the work and all the information regarding it, the world will know that they deprived it of another source of healing… Which is a whole lot of trouble that they won't want to unleash on themselves and devil society."

"Are you sure you are safe-"

"I live in Kyoto," Joshua reassured Sirzechs, who was showing some actual concern there for a second. "Even if Yasaka's presence and defenses aren't enough, I'm confident in mine. They'd have to throw some crazy shit at me to pass through that… And they are not the ones with enough power to just punch through my spells."

Serafall sometimes wondered how big the number of people that could do that was. It couldn't be that big, she knew, but sometimes the line was blurry. Kuroka's capture had driven the point home that Joshua, while not the strongest himself, held plenty of strength when he was in his own home field. Serafall herself would sometimes be a little wary of his defenses, if she were honest with herself.

Especially when he set up new ones and they weren't fine tuned not to eye her like she was a particularly disrespectful trespasser. She wasn't nervous, or afraid, but they weren't irrelevant, which was more than she could say about a lot of other defenses she'd felt in her life. 'And Joshua's only been at this for less than two years,' she reminded herself, because she had to.

It was something that was easy to forget, considering how far he'd gotten in the short time he'd been part of the supernatural. It was both impressive and a little scary. If Joshua had reached the level he had in that time, what could he do in another five? In a decade? In a few decades?

People liked saying that Ajuka and Sirzechs were monsters. Serafall had found herself meeting plenty more of those while being in charge of Foreign Affairs. She knew, then, that she was likely in the presence of another raising monster.

Even if sometimes it was difficult to acknowledge that.

Like at that moment, with Cheshire jumping on his lap and Joshua simply starting to pet her as if he were a normal man with a normal cat. It was hard to remember that he wasn't just an affable man and that his cat wasn't just an adorable pet. It was so easy to forget that he was likely to be one of the authorities on defense in the near future, if he wasn't already, and that his cat was a holy creature likely to be a nightmare for many a devil.

"It's going to be fine," Joshua said, with confidence that surprised her. He was usually confident in his magic skills, if nothing else, but this seemed… different. "If they are smart, they'll take my deal and be happy with it. If they are not…" he trailed off and then shrugged.

Serafall could acknowledge that. They'd planned for a lot of possible events in regards to this. They'd had the time for it, Sirzechs and her. Joshua had mostly left them to their devices, since he was too busy doing something that seemed to be basically an impossibility. That is, until he'd come to them with a piece of information that had thrown many of their plans out the window.

Not that either of them was complaining, really. Firstly, Joshua had already delivered the news that he'd had a breakthrough in his project. Secondly, the news basically trivialized a bunch of worries they had and overall simplified the whole process. Since it was so new though, it didn't leave them a lot of time to prepare things.

Sirzechs wanted things to get done as soon as possible though, since things were becoming more and more unpredictable in regards to the Phenex. He wanted to deal with the whole arrangement as quickly and discreetly as possible, else something happened to make things more… complicated. Knowing how devil politics went, Serafall didn't blame him, at all.

Still, this could potentially cause a lot of problems. Not only for them but for Joshua, especially for Joshua. They were more or less untouchable, even if people could still cause them a lot of indirect trouble. Joshua could end up dead if they weren't careful with something like this.

Then the door opened and all three of them straightened ever so slightly.

It was show time.

"Lord Lucifer, Lady Leviathan," Grayfia said with her usual impassive expression. "Mister Davis," she added, a shift obvious in her voice. Serafall wondered, to herself, if that was for show or if that was a real thing. It was always difficult to read that woman. Fortunately, Joshua didn't seem to care about the offense.

"Lord and Lady Phenex are here to meet you," Grayfia finished as the two blondes walked into the room. Serafall glanced towards Joshua to see how he was doing and she was somewhat surprised to see him sitting there with a calm smile on his face, as if he were spell tinkering at home and not in the middle of a very important meeting. She wondered how he managed. She'd worried – and he'd shared similar fears – that his less than optimal people skills might be a problem.

Regardless, she certainly wasn't complaining.

"Lord Lucifer, Lady Leviathan," Lord Phenex greeted with a nod, followed by his wife. Serafall and Sirzechs replied in kind a second later. It irked her a little, that everyone was dismissing Joshua as if he were barely there but… it was how things were supposed to go. "We were told this was important?" the Head of House Phenex asked then, giving the human in the room a passing glance one might give a particularly ugly rat on the street.

"That'd be me," Joshua answered, softly and kindly, his smile growing the smallest bit as he regarded the two devils. "I'm Joshua Davis and I think your house and I have a lot to talk about. Lord Lucifer and Lady Leviathan seem agree with me," Joshua added, turning towards both of them when he spoke their names. Serafall didn't much like him referring to her as "Lady Leviathan", if she were honest, but it'd have to do for the meeting.

She was a little busy regarding this new, somewhat confident Joshua though. It was unexpected, but certainly not bad. 'This might just go better than expected,' she thought, pleased.

"You see… I can make Phoenix Tears a lot less important," Joshua said then, bluntly and to the point. Sirzechs and her had agreed that it was a good way to get to it quickly. It also would have the added effect of shocking both devils. Although…

"... Excuse me?" Lady Phenex asked, blinking and seemingly trying to decide if she'd heard well. Further trying to confirm, she looked at the other people in the room. Seeing her husband with just as baffled an expression seemed to tell her that yes, the human had said that.

"I meant to say that your Phoenix Tears, the famous Phoenix Healing, I made a spell that does basically the same thing," Joshua started explaining, casually, as if he were commenting a new spell idea with her and not the leader of a House that was neutral at best and hostile at worst towards him. "So, I thougfht I would try to save myself some problems by contacting the people that would be the most affected by this. Which is why we are here."

There it was, Serafall noticed, the dismissal in both of the Phenex's expressions.

"... So, what is it?" Lord Phenex asked, a somewhat shocked expression shifting to almost bored. "Alchemy potion? Some kind of Healing Spell? A Sacred Gear? We've seen it all, young man. Everyone has. You think you are the first one that thinks they've found a way to compete with Phoenix Tears?"

"I'm guessing I'm not, but I'm not lying," Joshua commented with a chuckle that seemed to confuse Lord Phenex more than anything. Evidently, the man expected Joshua to be insulted or angry or confused or anything other than keep his calm and confident demeanor. "You want proof and that can be easily arranged. I trust nobody will blast me for casting a few spells. Not like I could do something to anyone here if I tried anyway," Joshua reassured with a wave of his hand before summoning a piece of paper and a small artifact.

"So, you thought to waste our time with a charlatan?" Lord Phenex asked, turning towards Sirzechs. "I know you don't like our family right now, but this is silly and petty to a level I didn't think you'd reach, Lord Lucifer. Our families made a deal, and that's all there is to it. To do this kind of thing-"

The man continued speaking but Joshua ignored him, casting his magic as if he weren't talking at all. Serafall noticed that while the man was looking at Sirzechs as he spoke, his wife did look at Joshua, her eyes darting between the magician and the two Satans. She likely realized that her husband was right. This was too much for Sirzechs to do out of pettiness… Probably.

"Young man, there's no need to embarrass yourself," Lord Phenex said "kindly", giving Joshua a condescending expression that made Serafall want to smack him. However, it wasn't her place to act then and there. She was there to add some authenticity and for later. This was Joshua's moment.

And so he proceeded, finishing casting the spell and turning towards Lord Phenex.

"Embarrass myself? I don't think I will, sir," Joshua replied with an easy grin that seemed to say he was more amused than anything at the accusation. Serafall had to admit, she was kind of impressed that he hadn't hesitated a single time yet. He was doing it all very smoothly, actually.

"Are you trying to insult us, young man? Is that it? Whoever you are, I assure you that you are not nearly as-" the man started. His patience was clearly wearing thin now. Joshua let him talk though, summoning a knife from a storage spell with a lazy smirk. "-funny as you think you are, nor as important as we are. Do yourself a favor and-" Then Joshua cut into his arm. "-Stop… already…"

The Phenex trailed off, staring at the human's arm as the frankly quite deep cut started regenerating instantly, dust gathering from around the room and flying towards the wound. Serafall could see what Joshua had done there, very easily at that. She imagined there were some gods out there that were ecstatic about it too.

In a second, maybe less, the wound was gone.

"So, that enough or do you require more proof?" Joshua asked like someone would ask a guest if they wanted something to drink or a snack. It was honestly a little funny to think about like that. "Because, if you think it's not competition, that's fine. I'll just go and sell others my spell. If you think it's not good enough, then surely it's fine, right?"

Serafall saw it in both Phenex, the moment they realized that Joshua was, indeed, a threat. If the expression on the human was any indication, he realized that just as fast too. When the two devils turned to regard him once more, this time more seriously, he simply answered with the same expression as he had through the whole meeting so far.

A kind smile, as if he were in a friendly meeting and there was nothing to worry about.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

And we've finally reached the end part of this particular plotline. I know it took a while, but it's how it's supposed to be with something as tricky as what Joshua was trying to do. If anything, this is ridiculously rushed, really.

Although, I think if I delayed it much more I'd have people coming at me with torches and pitchforks… Or leaving the story, as I'm sure many have already. Regardless, here we are, even if it took a while.

Now I have to deal with the nerves of actually doing a good job with this, which… Yeah…

*Panicking Adrian Noises*

…

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, obviously.

Random Question: How do you think the next chapter is gonna go?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 217 others
Adrian King
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 110 - -Don’t Act the Fool
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#441
-Don't Act the Fool

[Rosar Phenex]

He'd seen a great deal of things in his long, long life as Lord of House Phenex.

And yet, this human, a child by all accounts was… He'd shown them…

… How?

He looked at the human, the magician, for what felt like the first time in the whole meeting. He'd barely given the man a passing glance out of respect for the Satans, even if he wasn't on great terms with Lucifer and House Gremory. The two were still powerful, if eccentric at times, and the leaders of their society, so they were treated in a way deserving of both things.

That courtesy was all that Rosar had extended towards the human though, because honestly, what could he have that would interest them? At least in the level that it was presented as when they were called for the meeting. Now he knew and he didn't know what to do with that information.

Was it mockery on the part of the man or destiny having a rotten sense of humor that had the man have blond hair and blue eyes, Rosar wondered. Beyond that, he was dressed… well, he supposed. Formal, if a little too mundane, but there was something to the simplicity, he supposed. What caught his attention was the demeanor though. He looked at ease, as if everything was expected and anything that happened could only be good for him.

After witnessing the spell, Rosar knew that there was power behind that confidence and that was worrying.

His first thought was that the man needed to die, but that plan went out the window quickly. He could try, he supposed, but he'd have to be careful. He'd underestimated the human once and he refused to make the same mistake again.

Which put him in an awkward position, unfortunately.

Trying to keep this spell under wraps was likely to be impossible anyway. The man would have to be an idiot to not have back ups in case of assassination, so that wasn't likely to work out even if Rosar could still try. The human had mentioned that during his little speech, after all, so he was aware that it was a possibility.

There was a chance of overconfidence that couldn't be ignored, but also couldn't be depended on.

Besides, Lucifer, Leviathan and Lucifuge were right there too and they obviously knew of the spell now. Rosar wondered if they knew about this beforehand or if they were also learning about it at that moment. He wasn't sure he could accurately read them even if either was the case, unfortunately, but he could ponder on it.

Regardless, with them knowing, the biggest of problems was already right in front of Rosar. That problem being that others now knew there was an alternative to Phoenix Tears. That, in turn, meant that if something were to happen to this human now, everyone would turn towards House Phenex, since they were the ones with the most to win from that. If they took away such a resource from the market altogether…

Things could get messy, very much so.

There were a number of other approaches to be considered to take care of this but the main concern at that very moment was… Rosar looked towards his wife, who glanced back. That single look told him all he needed to know. He sighed internally.

"You said something about talking?" he asked, keeping his voice confident despite his inner turmoil. One couldn't show weakness in negotiations, ever, unless it was part of the strategy. Somehow, by the way the human's smile seemed to become just the smallest bit more pronounced, Rosar felt like he was doing exactly what the man wanted.

He couldn't have read him though, could he?

"Something like that," the man agreed with a slight nod. "You see, I'd rather not have to deal with politics or hostilities with anyone, if I can help it. I'm a magician, a researcher and a teacher, that's all," he said, and Rosar had to blink at that. It was… certainly a way to approach life, he supposed, although not one that was seen often.

Everyone wanted to raise up in the world, after all. On top of that, who in their right minds thought they could avoid politics and enemies? Anything you did could get someone to hate you. Anything you did could have political implications. It was especially so in the case of someone like this man, who had seemed to find a way to create a method of healing that seemed to rival the Phoenix Tears.

Granted, there was still a possibility of this spell not being as good as it was presented. The wound had healed just as quick, that much was true, but what of a more serious injury? What of sickness? What of exhaustion, both physical and magical? All that would have to be tested, but Rosar couldn't afford to bet his House's future on hopes.

He needed to be careful with this now.

"And I'm assuming you had something in mind?"

"I did," the man answered with a wider smile, looking very pleased with the question. "I can tweak the spell so it works even more similarly to Phoenix Tears, with fire instead of the dust and sand gathering, for example. It might affect the effect a bit, but it shouldn't even be noticeable."

If that was supposed to be reassuring, then it failed spectacularly.

Who was this human?

Joshua Davis. Rosar was pretty sure he'd heard that name somewhere, but for the life of him, he couldn't place where. That was bad, because that meant he had no information on who this person was, and that meant he was at a disadvantage.

"I say that, because I'm here to offer you a chance to attach your name to this spell," Davis continued then and Rosar blinked once more. Had he heard right? "I have no interest in making an enemy of House Phenex and I honestly care little for money to actually sell it for that. I admit, the fact that this could be a good trading chip for favors is tempting though."

And Rosar had no doubt about that. Maybe it was a little bizarre that the man didn't want the money, but he could understand that. When one had a lot of money, what did it matter if you could make more? There came a point when money was just money, having a little more or a little less made no difference, really.

Power though, that one could never have enough of. Even the most powerful of people had to go to others for something at some point, and it was always good to have more cards to play in that game. It was why the Phenex family was in such a high standing compared to some of the other Pillars. The Phoenix Tears were just that important to the supernatural world at large.

And now that, one of the key parts to the power of Rosar's House, was about to take a hit.

"So, I thought you'd like to put your name on my spell, we share the benefits of these and everyone comes out winning," Davis told him simply and Rosar didn't know what to say for a long moment. The "proposal" sounded simple and, honestly, too good to be true.

And he knew, when something gave that impression, then it was usually the case.

"And the catch is?" he asked, deciding that if he was going to be on the back foot, then he might as well get things over with as quickly as possible. He had no cards and the human had all he could possibly want at the moment. If he delayed things, it was more likely that he'd make things worse than better.

"The catch is that you and I become partners in this "business", as it were," the human told him and Rosar almost bristled at the idea. House Phenex, in equal terms with a human of all things, the most mundane of races in the supernatural world. How… humiliating. But at least it was a magician, he told himself. A strong, capable one if he could make a spell like the one he said he had, and Rosar was inclined to give him at least the benefit of the doubt, if only so he wouldn't be caught flat-footed once more.

A spell that rivaled a devil bloodline, of all things. And a strong one at that, if Rosar did say so himself. Davis was no normal human, he realized then and there, and that meant he needed to be careful. It didn't make the whole thing sting his pride less, but it made it bearable.

"On top of that, I want you to terminate the marriage contract between your son, Riser, and Rias Gremory," Davis said, and suddenly everything made sense. Rosar could only turn his eyes towards Sirzechs Lucifer, a baleful expression on his face.

The Satan for his part, remained impassive, as he had through most of the meeting. Rosar had to admit that he wondered about that and, most of all, about Leviathan's passivity. Lucifer might have been a calmer Satan, but Leviathan? Her personality was well known.

And yet, they'd barely said anything through the meeting so far.

"You'd risk our culture, our society, our power for this?" Rosar asked.

"I wouldn't be that quick to throw accusations but go ahead if you want," the human commented calmly, drawing Rosar's attention back to him again. "I must say, I almost want to thank you, honestly. It was a perfect opportunity for me to get some more pull from your faction. My higher ups were very pleased."

"What?" Rosar asked, frowning in confusion.

"I mean, thanks to you, I can kill two birds with one stone… Ah, that might be in poor taste, I just realized," the human commented, his voice still casual and his expression relaxed despite everything. "Anyway, you see, you allowed me to get two things done at the same time. Earn favor from one of your Satans," Davis commented, nodding towards Sirzechs as if he weren't one of the strongest people in the world. "And also get a fair bit of power from your House. And I can do that while keeping things relatively friendly by offering you an out in the shape of this deal."

Rosar wasn't falling for it. What the man said made sense, and it also was possible, he supposed. However, he refused to believe this all had happened so coincidentally. No, this had Sirzechs written all over it. Did the man think he was getting the better of him with this… This travesty?

No, Rosar wasn't… Wait…

"You mentioned higher ups?" he asked, frowning the smallest bit.

To that, Davis simply nodded and his hand moved to his belt and then back up. The human then placed a crystal lotus on top of the table. Rosar felt it, but his wife did so even faster, stiffening next to him.

That was no trinket.

"I'm here on behalf of the Egyptian Pantheon," Davis said, a placid smile still in place as if he weren't saying anything too important. "My higher ups want to… come back to the game, as it were. So, this is one of their moves, you see. Getting a rather good in with your faction is a nice one, if I do say so myself."

The revelation gave Rosar pause once more.

This was too much, even for Sirzechs. The New Satans might have made choices that many of the Houses didn't agree with during their time, but this was way beyond any of that. Rosar glanced between the two leaders, considering them all the same. Leviathan seemed intent on being on good terms with everyone, but this kind of move wasn't like anything the woman had done, and the same went for Lucifer.

No, this was…

Was this real? Was it really just a convenient coincidence for someone else? Rosar didn't want to believe that, but the crystal flower… It was overflowing with divine energy. There were deities involved there and there was no faking that. Leviathan wouldn't pull a favor from some other faction's gods to do this, even if she probably would have liked to.

No, this was too drastic, too messy. There was no way the two had risked making a move like this for the Gremory girl… Suddenly, the presence of Satan Leviathan made a lot more sense in the meeting. This was just as much a matter of internal politics as it was external ones.

'This wasn't how I expected my day to go,' Rosar thought to himself wryly. 'Not at all.'

And it had been such a good day too.

Alas…

He traded another look with his wife. This time though, there was a lot more to try and communicate. Fortunately for them, they'd been a team for a long time already. The smallest of things could get their thoughts across to the other without giving the other party so much as a hint to what they were "talking" about.

Ultimately, they came to a decision.

"So… What do your… higher ups… have in mind?" he asked slowly, because he was cornered. If he wasn't careful, then his family's business and power would take a hit so huge they would be lucky if they didn't fall all the way to the middle of the list of Pillar Houses. So, there he was, the mighty Lord Phenex… reduced to listening to the demands of a human.

'How the mighty have fallen indeed,' he thought bitterly.

"I'm sure you'll find the terms we had in mind agreeable," Davis commented, visibly pleased with himself. Then again, it wasn't often that someone got the upper hand so readily in a negotiation. If nothing else, Rosar could respect that… That and the feat that the man had apparently accomplished to make this all possible. "As I said, neither me nor my higher ups want to be on bad terms with you or your faction."

Rosar could only hope that was true, because the future of his House depended on that.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He watched as the Phenex couple left the room and, as soon as the door closed, he sighed loudly, letting himself fall bonelessly on his chair.

"That went really well," Serafall commented happily, back to her normal self after the meeting. Sirzechs and her had participated on the thing a whole lot more after Lord Phenex had caved and decided to talk business. The heavy lifting of the whole thing had fallen on his shoulders though, because he was supposed to be there on behalf of the Egyptian Pantheon and not on Sirzechs'.

It was lucky that nobody seemed to have noticed or know that he was the guy that worked with Serafall on her show. That was taken into account in their plans too, of course. Even if someone tried to make things difficult for them, they had answers. First of all, Joshua had gone to Kyoto on behalf of the Egyptian Pantheon too, so there was precedent of him working for that faction before others. On top of that, when he'd talked with Nephthys, the goddess had reassured that they'd have his back, provided that he was actually going to let this benefit them.

Fortunately, they only wanted a fairly small cut, which was the payment for using their name, basically. Nephthys had remarked that it was a great deal for them regardless, because using their name could even be considered a favor, even if it'd likely direct some less than desired attention towards them too. Other than that, they acknowledged that they had been an almost non-existent part of the process of the whole thing and were fine letting him and the Satans get the lion's share.

Joshua would admit that he'd been a little surprised that it was so easy to get that agreement, but at that point he was starting to think that the Egyptian Pantheon was just nice like that.

Nothing else made much sense to him, really.

Back to the point, nobody could really point at Serafall and say that she'd been working on the whole thing without sounding like a conspiracy theorist. Just because he worked with her on something didn't mean that they were allies or something. Even if they were found out to be friends, accusing parties wouldn't have much to stand on.

The fact that the Egyptian Pantheon was backing him was just that powerful a card, basically.

On the unfortunate side of things, this would get Joshua's name out there even more. The events in Kyoto had been mostly kept under wraps, even if there were rumors about what happened with Georg and the Annihilation Maker wielder. Most of Joshua's reputation had to do with what he taught at House of Water and little else. Then there was the attack at the Church base he'd been part of, but that one had also mostly stayed within that faction's knowledge. There was his appearance in Serafall's show, but that wouldn't mean much by itself to most people. Several basically unknowns worked in that, after all.

Now, he'd be known. Known as a man that had created a spell that worked just as well as a devil bloodline. Known as a man that had the backing of an entire Pantheon almost entirely to himself. Known as the man that was an equal to a powerful Pillar House. Known as the man that had the ear of a Satan, maybe two.

It was a move that Joshua frankly wasn't a fan of, if he were honest.

It was necessary though. Not only because it'd free Rias, which… he wasn't particularly close to, but Sairaorg was and that was enough for him. He owed the man a lot, so helping his cousin was the least he could do.

There were other reasons for getting involved in such a situation though. For one, the healing spell by itself was worth it, in his opinion, and dealing with it like he was reduced the chances of it coming back to bite him in the ass whenever the Phenex or someone else took offense to it. Also, while being a more public figure sounded like a headache, Joshua knew that it would be helpful too. Annoying, but helpful.

"Joshua?" Serafall asked, making him blink and return to the present. That meeting had really taken a lot of him. He'd done his best though, his very best, to keep himself calm, relaxed, in control. He was sure that if he slipped even the smallest bit, things would go downhill and never stop. "Josh?"

"That's the first time you've called me Josh, I think," he pointed out wearily.

"That's what got you?" the woman asked, looking amused.

"I do believe our friend here is tired from the meeting. I have to say though, you did much better than I expected," Sirzechs told him, looking very pleased. No reason for him not to be though, Joshua supposed. Things had gone well. Extremely so. He'd have expected a battle, and maybe insults thrown all over the place. Hell, he wouldn't have been all that surprised if he was challenged to a duel or some shit… Fortunately, nothing of the sort happened…

For the moment, at least.

"I did better than I expected," Joshua admitted with a slight smile.

"Regardless, you did well, and you managed what most considered an impossible task in a timeframe that would be even more unbelievable," the Satan Lucifer continued, sounding very adamant. "I owe you a lot, for what you've done. What I gave you on magical creatures was only… a partial payment, if you will. If there's anything I can do for you, Mr. Davis, please let me know."

"I will," he accepted. He was too tired to bother denying that and besides… He kind of wanted to make the headache that this would bring be a little more worth it, he supposed. "Don't think too much of it though. I like Rias. She's a good kid."

"She is," Sirzechs replied with a wide smile, the very picture of a proud sibling. Joshua did notice that Serafall was beaming too, but he had no idea why that was. "Which is why I have to make sure you know how much I appreciate you doing this for her. For the moment, however… There's a lot of work to do. This is only the start of negotiations."

"Don't remind me," Joshua groaned. "I really, really don't wanna think about that, or what this means to me, politically. I wanna pretend everything is still as it was before."

"I do believe that's not gonna last much, Mr. Davis," Grayfia commented mercilessly, making him deflate. "So, enjoy it while it lasts."

"Thanks, I think," he mumbled. Shortly after, both Sirzechs and her left the room. Both had duties to attend to and things to prepare now that things were in motion. And they had to inform Rias and their family of how things had gone too, he supposed. As for Joshua, he just wanted to die already. Keeping his calm throughout the whole meeting had been hell.

"You did really well," Serafall told him softly and he gave her a grateful smile.

"I did have a lot of time to prepare and help from awesome people," he pointed out, his grin widening a little as he spoke. "Once this is done, I just have to try and go back to my normal life… sort of. It'll be nice to not have a deadline for a while."

"So, what do you want to do for now? You look tired," she pointed out, far calmer than she usually was. For some reason, she was acting quite out of character, really, but he couldn't quite place why that could be the case. "How about you go back home and get some tea?"

"You want to come too or are you busy?" he asked, not feeling like being alone. Sure, he was tired, but he felt like he needed to relax more than he needed to rest. It had been nerve wracking to go through that meeting without showing anything but calm and confidence.

"You know I can't say no, Joshua! Will there be snacks?" she asked, bouncing back to her more excited persona. It made him smile though, because that was the Serafall that he liked the most, the one that he just couldn't feel bad with.

"All the snacks. I think I can cook without feeling worse," he commented, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath in to gather strength. As he let the air out, he stood up. "Anything in particular that you want?"

And with that, off Serafall went, starting to ponder what snacks she wanted out loud. Joshua simply listened as he turned and picked up the Charm of Egypt from the table. When his fingers touched the crystal though, he paused and blinked. There were more presences there, which was not new but it was certainly unexpected.

Even more so, however, was the fact that they were a lot more clear, a lot closer, for lack of a better word. They weren't vague outlines somewhere in the background. They were now right besides Shed, Nephthys and Set. There were many too and all of them showered different emotions on him.

Then he saw the system screen pop up in front of him.

[Quest Complete: Replicate a Devil Bloodline an-]

That was the only legible part, because everything else seemed to be random symbols and corrupted text that he couldn't make out. Joshua was more than a little unnerved by this, because he knew that things had often seemingly influenced the system, but this was different. This looked like the thing had outright crashed.

Then the screen flickered and glitched for a moment before disappearing before his very eyes.

A second later, a new screen appeared. This time in a more familiar way, if not the usual light blue. Instead, he was greeted by the usual beige with the ankh in the background that symbolized the Egyptian influence in the system.

[Title Acquired: Great Column.

Do you accept?]

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ok, this was a nightmare to write. I really didn't wanna mess up this meeting, because it was very important for the sort of closure of an arc that has been a very frustrating part of the story for most people. Personally, I liked going through the journey that was creating the Phoenix Spell.

Now… I'm not sure how well I did, but at least that's more or less done with, for good or bad. Sure, there's still gonna be extra negotiations, but I'm not sure I wanna write them all. I'm not a particularly business inclined person, nor a political one, which is why I kind of try to dodge them while still having them be part of the story.

So…

Ugh, anyway, I'll just leave things there.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Two questions today, one because I need to hear about it and the other because I'm curious. How did you like this chapter? Specifically the thing with the Phenex, obviously. Any theories as to what's going on with that last part?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 225 others
Adrian King
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 111 - I See Myself With the Gods
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#443
I See Myself With the Gods

"Honestly, this feels great," Joshua commented, lying lazily on the couch, head on an arm rest and his feet on the other. Next to him, on the coffee table, laid a tray with some snacks and drinks. To the side, Serafall sat on an armchair, happily munching on the things he'd brought to eat. "No pressure, no deadlines, no nothing. Feels like forever ago since I didn't have something hanging over my head."

Sure, he had a bunch of projects to work with, especially the one regarding Sairaorg's mother. Khaos Brigade was still out there doing who the fuck knew what. There was the entire thing with the Egyptian Pantheon that had to be addressed too. He'd also been ignoring the system screen that still floated by the side of his sight. However…

Maybe it made him a terrible friend in regards to Sairaorg, but he didn't feel like rushing, or adding more pressure on himself. Joshua felt like he could just crumble to the floor and never get up again. He'd been aware that the Phoenix Spell had taken a lot out of him, even before it had made into a rush order, but he hadn't known it had been that bad.

"It is," the Satan commented, humming happily. "So, nothing urgent going on in the life of Joshua Davis, now?"

"Eh… not really? I did promise Sairaorg that I'd help him with his mother, but there's no rush even if the sooner I get that done the better, obviously," he commented idly, bringing the cold beer that Nephthys had, once more, provided for him. Then he groaned just thinking about all the work that'd take and how he'd feel awful if he didn't get it done as quickly as possible. At least there wasn't an actual deadline though, because that had really multiplied how bad the Phoenix Spell had been for him.

"Doesn't she have Sleep Disease?" Serafall asked, and he saw her shift sharply from where she sat next to him.

"Yeah, I've been looking to see if I can help him cure her. Phoenix Healing doesn't work, obviously, and neither does the rest of the healing I've learned to do but… Well, I'm sure I can find a way around that," he commented idly, feeling tired just thinking about that whole thing. He'd found some interesting pieces of information while working on that before he'd had to focus on the Phenex situation, but it'd still be a while before he could cure his friend's mother. "For now though, I really need to recover because I feel like I might just drop and not get up for a week."

"That's… understandable, yeah," Serafall replied, although she sounded off, for some reason. He'd have let it be, but she'd been acting sort of out of character through the whole day. First because it was necessary at the meeting with the Phenex, but even afterwards she seemed to not be quite herself at times. So…

"Something the matter?" he asked, closing his eyes and letting the cold, bitter drink ease his stressed self. Was it a good idea to accept the beer from the goddess of the Pantheon that seemed to have decided to affect his life so much his system had all but broken? Probably not, but if they wanted to screw him over, they could have done that a number of times already.

"... My father seems to have Sleep Disease," Serafall commented, her voice low and almost… vulnerable, he guessed. It sounded all sorts of weird and wrong coming from the otherwise confident and cheerful woman. "We've been growing more worried with the time. He sleeps for longer and longer, he is more and more tired. He's been trying to teach Sona as much as he can so she can take over once it finally happens but… It's been really bad on everyone."

"... I don't know how long it'll take me, but I'll be working on it. It was already going to be a priority for me as it was. I'll just have to push a little harder," Joshua told her, feeling the weight of another friend that would need him to work on that. He didn't want to sound like an asshole, but he could have really done without any of it though. He just wanted to rest, take some time off and not have to worry about anything.

Alas, it wasn't to be.

'And Khaos is still plotting away somewhere and the Church is still at war with itself,' he thought to himself. Rest wasn't going to be in the cards for him for some time, it seemed. 'No rest for the wicked.'

"I know. I'm not trying to… pressure you, or anything, Joshua," Serafall told him. She wasn't quite sounding like she had before, but it was certainly still different from usual. She sounded more… controlled. Less hyper, as it were. "I just… haven't really been able to really talk about that with anyone but the other Satans. They are great friends and all but… They are also dealing with their own things. Sirzechs had the whole thing with Rias, and he still gets shit for taking in Grayfia. Ajuka is very disconnected, and he was dealing with the thing regarding Diodora. Falbium… Well, he's still recovering from the war. He had it a lot worse than we did and that's saying something already. I know you have things to deal with too but-"

"Serafall," he interrupted, taking a breath in slowly as she went silent. "It's fine. We are friends. I can't promise I'll be able to do much, but I can listen just fine. I think you've heard me complain about things a lot too. Besides, you were the one that came to help me not burn myself out when I needed it so… Don't worry about it."

"I know, just… Ugh, you don't realize a lot of things, do you?" she groaned and he chuckled wearily.

"That's a fact, yeah," he commented, keeping his eyes closed still, even as he felt everything with his wards and other senses. "What'd I miss?"

"... Hm, I'm not gonna tell you yet," she replied idly. Well, that'd leave him wondering, but at least she seemed to sound a little better so that was good. "Maybe soon though. Now that you are a little more free and don't have to focus so hard."

"Ominous," he mused, chuckling again as Serafall threw a small cushion at him. "And that was rude."

"You are rude!"

"How can I, when I don't even know what you are talking about?" he asked.

"Because."

"... That's not an argument, you know."

"Is so."

Joshua just sighed.

"In the spirit of not making me more curious… Maybe… I have an unrelated question," he said in the end, drawing a curious hum from the woman after she brought a snack to her mouth. "The Egyptians are making me an offer. Something about a great column?" he commented, having a vague idea that he knew what that was about but not very sure.

Judging by the fact that Serafall seemed to suddenly choke on what she was eating though…

"I have a feeling that it's more of a big deal than I initially thought," he said dryly.

"You-You could say that, yeah," the woman told him after she recovered. "Great Column is one of the translations for pharaoh."

"Oh…"

"Yeah, oh," Serafall replied as he opened his eyes. More than surprised, he was suddenly feeling a little overwhelmed. Why would they…? "The Egyptian Pantheon has been out of the game… probably forever. Sure, they were more active before, but they've never involved themselves much with the world. They make an appearance here and there, but they mostly left things to people to do things for them. Like how Nephthys mostly left things to House of Water, for example."

"I'm not getting where you are going, Serafall."

"Just trying to say that pharaoh might not be what you think it is. It's not a leader position like Yasaka's. It's more… a representative one, I guess would be a good way to explain it," she told him, and he was suddenly understanding. They didn't want him to lead a faction, since they likely didn't even have a faction other than the pantheon itself.

"Doesn't sound better to me," he commented, nervous and unsure. "Sounds like I'd have people ordering me around, and I really could do without that."

As he said that, he felt one of the deities reach through the Charm. Set had apparently really liked that, sending excitement and even a little pride through the link the item provided. Joshua found that reassuring, actually. He'd half expected the gods to feel insulted or something because of him not immediately taking the offer. Instead… they just seemed to be there, waiting and doing little else.

"Nobody knows enough about the Egyptians to really tell you what to do there, Joshua," Serafall said, sounding like she really wanted to have the words that he needed. Alas, there was no chance for that. "They've been inactive long enough that all I have to go off of is records. I wasn't even alive when they were last actually somewhat active."

"You think Yasaka might?"

"She might have been there to see the tail end of things, if that," Serafall answered with a hum, her voice shifting a little but he couldn't tell why. "I'm sorry I'm not able to help with that."

"It's fine. You want to, and that matters," he reassured her, taking a breath in and then a sip from his beer. "I guess I'll just have to decide for myself."

"There's no rush, right?"

"You think making gods wait is a good idea?"

"There's that too," she acknowledged. "Sorry."

"Don't worry about it."

Joshua was tired. He really couldn't wait until there were no more problems for him to deal with. The shit he wanted to do was piling, but even more so was the shit that he needed to do, which was a source of stress. So, he made a decision that many would have called stupid and reckless.

He set the beer he'd been given on the table and then took the Charm of Egypt.

'What do you want?' he asked bluntly. 'I'm tired of guessing and worrying. You've been good to me, and I appreciate that, but I want to know what you want or we are done here. I can't deal with this game anymore.'

There was a long moment of silence then. Serafall probably didn't know what was going on, but she definitely realized that something serious had happened. His familiars sent him their support through their bond with him, Cheshire even finding her way to him and coming to rest on his stomach.

Ultimately, he felt Set's amusement through the Charm first, which wasn't really reassuring. However, he soon found several others letting him feel a number of emotions, many of which weren't bad either. It wasn't an answer though, which had him simply waiting.

"We are disconnected from the world, Guardian," a voice projected directly to his mind, differently from how his familiars communicated, which was good. That was a little too close for him to want to share with a stranger, even if they were a god. Especially if they were a god. "The world barely remembers us as something from the past. It's time to show that we are still here. However, we don't want to control you, Joshua Davis. Controlling a star can only dim their light and that's the last thing we'd do to you. Show the world your might, Guardian, and show them ours in the process."

'I can agree to the no controlling thing,' Joshua decided. And if they wanted to screw him over? He'd find a way to do it right back to them. He had done what people thought impossible once. If he had to find a way to deal with an entire pantheon of gods, then he'd do it. Spite could be such a good motivation, after all.

Set very much liked that, it seemed.

Joshua was earning a lot of points with a god that was supposed to be the bad guy in the Pantheon, but he couldn't find it within himself to care.

'Yes,' he thought, pulling the system screen in front of him again to read it.

[Perks Updated: Blessing of Shed, Minor Blessing of Nephthys, Minor Blessing of Set.]

[Perk Obtained: Minor Blessing of Egypt.]

'So, what's this?' he wondered, calling for the screen.

[Minor Blessing of Egypt

Increases the potential of the user.

Increases the ability of the user to learn.

The user can access the powers of the Egyptian Gods to an extent.]

Then he blinked, processing that. 'And there's more on top of these?... What?' he thought, eyes widening a little. 'Titles, Great Column?'

[Great Column

The Egyptian Pantheon will back the user in matters they can agree to.

The Egyptian Pantheon might personally help.

The Egyptian Pantheon might not help if they don't agree with what the user does.

#?]

'This looks very un-system-ish,' he thought, reading the new screen over and over. It didn't look like the kind of thing he'd see from the thing. 'How much of these do the gods know? How much of it can they affect?... Will I ever get any answers regarding the system, I wonder,' he mused idly, ultimately deflating where he sat. 'And what the fuck is even up with that last part?'

Naturally, Joshua only had confusion and an unresponsive screen.

That is, until a new one popped up, this one a normal blue one instead of the Egyptian version.

[Quest Complete: Replicate a Devil Bloodline and show it to the world.

Rewards:

+ 100 Levels to all Stats

+ Spell Modification Maxe-#

+ 50 Levels to Spell Modification

+ 50 Levels to Healing Magic

+ 50 Levels to Ward Magic

+ 50 Levels to Hex Magic

+ 50 Levels to Boon Magic

+ New Perk: Breaker of Balance]

'The fuck are those numbers?' he thought, eyes widening and feeling how his body shifted ever so slightly. He heard Serafall shift where she sat to his side too. Blinking at the screen, he considered it for a moment before calling his own stat screens.

[Joshua Davis

Title: The Professor

Race: Human

Strength: 190

Speed: 183

Dexterity: 183

Vitality: 197

Perception: 180

Magic: 228

Life: 155]

'Those look like crazy high numbers, what's my rank now?'

[Joshua Davis

Title: The Professor

Race: Human

Gender: Male

Rank: A-

Strength: A-

Speed: A-

Dexterity: A-

Vitality: A-

Perception: A-

Magic: A+

Life: B+]

'Skipped quite a bit there, jumping from B- to A- and I gotta say, even if I'm not sure where that puts me… being in A rank at all sounds pretty good… Especially with the power level of this crazy world,' Joshua considered. Then, dismissing those new screens, he looked at the Quest reward once more and went over it again.

'I'm starting to wonder if the system is falling apart somehow,' Joshua mused, blinking at the newly glitched screen. It was both worrying… and a little interesting, he'd admit. Ultimately… he had no control of what went on with that, so he'd have to pray that the thing wouldn't just completely crash on him.

Even if he was really curious of how that could even happen or what'd happen then.

'Anyway, what's up with the Breaker of Balance thing?' he wondered eventually.

[Breaker of Balance

Impossible things are no longer impossible.]

'... Game, are you ok?' Joshua asked in his mind, growing more disturbed by the second. Sure, the thing sounded… good, he supposed, but this was… It was growing concerning, that the system seemed to get weirder and weirder. It had always been strange, different from what he knew, but this was…

What was happening?

"Josh?"

"Yeah?" he asked, feeling even more drained than how he'd begun.

"Did you, like, do something? Because you were just laying there silent for a while. I felt a little shift in you but other than that…" Serafall commented, and he blinked. 'Can't she feel the blessing or something else? Did she only feel the shift in stats? That's weird,' he thought, then he frowned and called a few screens. 'Or maybe… Equip Great Column,' he commanded and the title switched on.

It had been pretty strange that it had no apparent direct effect but-

Sure enough, glancing towards Serafall, he saw her eyes widen a little bit and her back straighten.

"Oh," she mumbled. 'Equip The Professor,' he thought, and he saw her relaxed a moment later. "Do I have to be worried?"

"I don't think so," he replied, trying not to think too much on it.

"... Can I keep calling you Josh?" the Satan asked, making him blink.

"Sure?" he replied. Since when did Serafall ask for permission for a nickname? "Are you ok?" he asked, feeling a little concerned. She was acting really weird.

"Yeah, I just… I was just waiting, you know?" Serafall told him, and he wondered if he meant waiting for him to respond or something. Had his mind drifted off again without him noticing? "Now, I guess it just hit me that I don't have to wait much more," she added, which obviously meant that she was talking about something else. Looking at her as he brought his beer back to his lips… He couldn't read her at all, as usual.

"I feel like I should know what you are talking about but I don't," he commented, drawing a giggle from the woman. Well, at least she wasn't in a bad mood, so that was good, he supposed.

"Ah, you'll figure it out… or maybe not," she replied, looking far too amused for his liking. "Anyway, you'll learn about it soon, I bet."

"Ominous," Joshua joked again, to which she just smiled at him in an even more unreadable way. Now he was going to be thinking about that for a while and something told him that he wasn't going to guess what she was talking about.

Well, at least he was feeling better, so that was good at least.

"Thanks for being here," he told her, taking another sip from his beer, only to realize that it was empty. 'Access the powers of the gods, was it?' he wondered for a moment before deciding to go for it. In the blink of an eye, the drink was replaced with a full unopened one. He had a feeling that he'd be testing his resistance to alcohol, but at least he wasn't alone for it.

"Don't mention it," Serafall replied and he turned slightly to see a fond smile on her face. "Nowhere else I'd rather be."

Immediately, he brought the drink to his lips and took a gulp. 'Don't read into it… Don't read into it,' he told himself as a knot formed on his throat. 'I must be more out of it than I thought,' he thought, taking a deep breath in and then drinking more to try and swallow the sudden nerves he was feeling.

There was just no way.

[}-o-{]​

"Thank you, thank you, thank you-"

On and on it went, but Joshua just smiled and hugged the girl back as she did her best to squeeze the life out of him with her arms. Slowly, he patted Rias's back and pretended not to notice the wet, warm spots on his shirt where her tears fell. He also did his best to not get uncomfortable under the looks the rest of the devil girl's peerage was giving him.

He wasn't used to that kind of attention, especially so with such emotional expressions.

"I owe you so much. I can't believe you did it," Rias told him, her voice muffled as she continued pressing her face to his chest and showed no signs of letting go of him. "I… I thought I'd have to fight him and… I don't know if I can defeat him. We have gotten stronger but a Phenex-"

"Kid, it's fine," he told her with a grin, patting the back of her head with his hand. "I did it, I gained quite a bit from it and you are free. Don't worry about payment. Your brother will take care of that. He said as much."

"Still," she grumbled, and Joshua was left wondering why he felt the smallest twinge of annoyance from her though his senses and spells. Off to the side, Cheshire rolled her eyes at him for some reason too, which only confused him further. "Thank you."

"Don't mention it," he told her with a chuckle. "If you kids need anything, just say the word. I guess I've grown fond of you. Besides, Yuuto is with Jeanne, so I gotta keep him happy so he keeps her happy."

"Josh!" protested the aforementioned sister. Everyone ignored her though.

"I don't need incentives for that, you know?" the boy told him instead, to which Joshua grinned.

"Good answer," he pointed out. "See it as a reward then."

"I feel bad though," Rias mumbled. "I saw how you were lately because of how much you had to work, and Jeanne commented on it sometimes," the devil told him, making him glare at his now apologetic sister. "You did a lot for me, so… I'd feel bad if I just left it all to my brother."

"If it makes you feel better," Joshua started, bringing his hands to her shoulders and pushing her off gently so he could look into her teary eyes. "You've been helping me a lot just by coming to train here. Your peerage is very special, after all, so I get a lot of information on several things everytime you come over."

"I don't believe that's quite enough to make up for the fact you made an impossible spell just for me," Rias commented, pouting at his continued denial of her "gratefulness". To that, he just grinned at the girl.

"It's not like I won't use the spell myself, you know?" he told her, drawing a huff from her. "Really," he added, squeezing her shoulders and giving her a soft smile now. "Don't worry about it, Rias. It's fine. If you really want to make it up to me, we can say you owe me one and see about that later on."

"That works," she mumbled, pouting slightly. That is, before he felt her embarrassment with Life Sense and then saw her face grow red. "... Could I at least give my hero a kiss?" she asked, making him blink.

"How about no?" he replied, trying not to sound harsh or anything that'd make her feel bad. "You are a little too young for me, I think."

"It's only a few years!" the girl protested, stomping her foot on the ground in a way that really wasn't helping her argument. "And I'm a devil."

"That you are, but you look human enough, so… Yeah, no," Joshua told her with a smile. "You are almost my little sister's age, which doesn't really help," he told her.

There was that and the fact that he had entirely too many memories of her fawning over Issei, which… wasn't helping her much. Sure, Issei was a much better person now, but that wasn't quite the point. Joshua didn't feel like she really felt anything for him as a person. She was just really grateful and maybe had some kind of hero worship going on.

He was no relationship expert, at all, but Joshua didn't feel like that was a good reason to start anything.

"I don't appreciate that "little sister" comment," Jeanne commented, but she was thoroughly ignored.

"Anyway, everyone is really emotional and I can't deal with people on a good day and even less emotional people," Joshua said then, looking around and feeling himself grow more uncomfortable by the second. When Rias' peerage dropped by on a normal day, it was usually just to train and such, so there was something to keep conversations going and so on. Now though, they were just standing there and being grateful and…

It was making Joshua feel really awkward.

"How about we go inside and have some drinks and snacks?" he asked, immediately noticing Koneko perking up. It was a good thing that he was keeping Kuroka far away from the girl, locked up in parts of the house out of the way. The woman was still kind of on probation while the factions tested her info, and probably even after while Serafall and Sirzechs dealt with her situation.

As it was, Joshua was happy to keep away from her himself, since she was always pulling up that flirty act that made him really uncomfortable.

"Come along, kids, time to eat something so I'm not feeling my social awkwardness spiking, yeah?" he commented, drawing a giggle from Koneko as the reincarnated nekoshou fell into step with him. Soon, the rest of the group followed after them too.

"We are not kids, Joshua," Rias protested again.

"I'd believe that a lot more if you didn't use your highschool uniform everywhere," he replied, making the girl stumble on her own feet.

"But-Why would-I mean-"

"Anyway," Joshua interrupted with a chuckle. "What do you kids want? Anything in particular?"

"Cookies?" Koneko asked, looking up at him with big pleading eyes that were completely unnecessary. "And tea?"

"Sounds good, I'll get started with that."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ok so… This was certainly a chapter of all time to write. I struggled a lot to get through the system parts. Not only because I've kind of fallen out of love with Gamer ideas (I'm sure you noticed with how much I've pushed the system to the side here), but also because… Well, I'm sure you can notice that things are going on there. There's also the fact that putting a number on things is sometimes difficult. I'm simultaneously thinking that I'm under rewarding this and over rewarding too, which is very annoying.

I got through it though, so there's that, and I'm somewhat happy with how this chapter turned out. I can see it not meeting some people's expectations or desires though, so, if you are disappointed, I'm sorry.

On a slightly different note, I can see some people being annoyed at me for child-zoning Rias but… That's how it is. I know she's supposed to be an adult (considering Issei is 17 at series start), but just because she's 18 doesn't mean that Joshua will see her as an adult. On top of that, there's a number of other reasons for him to not see her like that too, I even mention some of these in the chapter.

Hopefully people won't come at me with pitchforks and torches for this.

I also hope you enjoyed the chapter, of course.

Random Question: I'd really like an opinion on this, so I'll withhold random questioning and ask: What did you think of the chapter?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 215 others
Adrian King
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 112 - Don’t Live Too Fast New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#447
Don't Live Too Fast

"You've done a great job with this, you know?" Joshua commented, looking around the garden that Asia had made for herself at the back of his house. It was a good thing that the place had rather good and spacious training facilities underground, because the nun had slowly but surely filled his backyard with plant life.

It was all covered in different plants, supernatural and mundane. Nice, normal and dangerous, everything that was alive seemed to be fine in Asia's books, from what Joshua could see. More importantly though, it made for a sight full of life that was rather beautiful. Not to mention useful too, because Joshua was very aware that he now had access to a very good garden of resources. Just what he would be able to get from this for Hexes and Boons was enough to make it worth letting Asia go wild, truly.

At that moment though, he was simply enjoying the beauty of the sight.

Some of the plants shone, some swayed, some even let out sounds that almost sounded like a melody together with the one of the wind through the many leaves. Beyond the colorful sight, the soothing sound and the pleasant smells… There was something very peaceful about it all. 'How did I not notice this before?' he thought, sitting idly with Margalo on his shoulder and Cheshire by his side.

Joshua could only guess that he'd been too focused on other things before. Now, with a freer mind, he took in the sight his… friend had created at his house. It was truly something to behold.

Everything was also amplified by the presence of his powers as "Great Column" too, because there were slight feelings of familiarity with everything. Sort of like the presence of his spells around his place, but making him aware of things that he could reach to with his new powers given by the Egyptian Pantheon.

If he were honest, Joshua was a little scared to tap into that.

It felt so… much…

"Thank you," the girl replied shily, tucking a strand of blond hair behind her ear as she looked down and smoothed her already smooth clothes. She seemed about as good at dealing with that kind of praise as he was, Joshua supposed. That was rather sad… on both accounts. "I really like this. Seeing them grow and knowing that I helped them… feels amazing."

"I can see that," he told her. He didn't even need to use extra senses and spells to know that Asia loved what she did. Almost as much as she loved healing others and her faith, really. It was something so… pure, to see the girl genuinely enjoy just helping life in general. It made Joshua feel bad at times too, when he compared himself to her. "Do you need me to get anything else?" he asked then, turning his attention from the magnificent garden to Asia.

He'd helped her set up everything, but it was more about getting the plants, equipment and other such things than actually personally working with her on the garden. He'd lent a hand here and there, sure, but nowhere near as much work as Asia herself had put into things. That was why he preferred calling it her garden rather than his.

"No, no," the girl answered quickly, slightly agitated. She always struggled accepting help, but she was even worse accepting gifts or anything she perceived as such. "I'm fine. I can work with all these. No need for more, Joshua. I promise."

"I know you have what you need, Asia," he told her with a slightly amused, slightly exasperated expression. "I'm asking if there's anything more you want, any other plants or just something else that would make things easier."

He took the moment of pause and consideration as a win, personally. Asia hadn't even thought about it before denying any such offers before. Now, it seemed like she could at least think it over, even if it was almost sure that she'd-

"No, I'm fine, Joshua," she replied, expectedly.

"You do know that I'll use these plants for spells and other things like that, right?" he asked her, holding back a sigh even as he continued smiling. "Any plant you can think of to get here, I'm sure I could use its flowers or fruits or anything else," he told her for what felt like the hundredth time. "There's no need to hold back, Asia. Besides, I want to help you with this however I can and I enjoy helping you as much as you enjoy helping others."

Ok, maybe that might have been an exaggeration. Mainly because Joshua rather doubted that many people could enjoy helping like Asia did, but he wasn't exactly lying either. He was hoping saying that would help get the point across.

Sure enough, Asia hesitated once more.

"Come on, think it over and give me a list later, yeah?" he told her with a grin, seeing as he had won that "argument". "And I expect there to be a sufficient number of requests in that, or I'll just start buying things left and right to make up for it."

To that, Asia pouted at him, glaring.

It only had the effect of making her look very adorable though, which he was sure wasn't quite what she was looking for.

"Good to know you understand," he told her, making the girl deflate. "Now, could you help me pick some stuff for my spells? I need some materials for my hexes and boons. You know, the usual."

"Experiments and new casts," she cited, down to even his tone, the cheeky little thing. He chuckled to himself before placing a hand on top of the girl's head and ruffling her blond locks.

"Exactly," he replied, watching as the girl blushed slightly, smiling shyly at the ground. "Now, let's get going, yeah?"

To that, Asia simply replied with a hum as she started walking beside him. She seemed much happier than before, from what he was picking up, so that was good. Even better was getting to see the girl that he'd met and couldn't stand for herself if her life depended on it being stubborn and making choices.

If nothing else, Joshua was happy to help her with that.

[}-o-{]​

"Thanks for coming, Joshua" Sairaorg told him as they moved towards where the devil's mother was. "I know you are still… recovering from what you were doing before. I wouldn't have held it against you if you took some time off, man."

"I really can't though," he replied with a wry smile. "I'd feel like a shitty friend, even with you telling me that. Besides… This is not a chore. It's not an easy thing to work on, but at least you aren't pressuring. I appreciate that."

"Not as much as I appreciate you trying here, I can tell you that, Joshua," the Bael told him with a heartfelt smile. "It's… I don't know how to tell you how important this is to me. I'd… almost given up on her waking up, so you coming here like you are and trying is… It's enough for me."

"But it's not enough for me," he shot back with a more confident smile. "You are a friend, so I'll do what I can to help you. No promises on how long this will take me but-"

"I know," the devil interrupted, waving off anything else he might have said. "Take all the time you need to. I know you have a lot on your plate. I trust that you'll do what you can and that's enough for me."

"No pressure," Joshua commented with a chuckle. Before the devil could say anything else, he continued. "I'll definitely try my best here."

He wanted to say more, like how he was sorry he couldn't dedicate all the time he wanted to it. He wanted to say a number of such things, but he knew Sairaorg wouldn't have any of that. So, instead of getting into a pointless argument, Joshua simply resolved to do as he said and put all the effort he could into helping his friend.

Maybe his priorities were a bit screwed up, considering there was a very dangerous terrorist organization on the loose still and that there was a faction he was working with tearing itself apart but… The former was being dealt with by more capable people and the second he couldn't do much about for the moment. He could only go when they called and set up defenses.

Other than that, what else was there, personal projects? Those could wait or be worked on the side. His friend needed him, and Joshua wasn't about to turn his back on him like that. Sairaorg had helped him out a number of times and if he could count on someone to help him, then he trusted the devil.

It was just a shame that his friend couldn't help with most of the things he was dealing with. They were a little too… involved with elements dangerously involved in politics. As it was, Joshua could barely do some things because he was disconnected from politics. And so were the Egyptians, since they were more or less out of the picture for a long while.

Eventually, they made it to the room where Misla Bael rested. Once there, Joshua took a deep breath in as he moved to the corner of the room that had been cleared of furniture and anything else so that he could cast his wards, hexes and boons. Every spell had been tailored to the current issue at hand from the information he'd gathered in previous visits, but none of them really had any guarantee of finding new stuff.

Still, not finding something with them was information too.

With every spell that went up though, Joshua became even more and more sure of a theory he had. The disease seemed to have something to do with the magical energy of the patient. For one, the weakness that they felt and what was described from it already led to reduced magical reserves as time passed.

That could happen because of a number of things though, so finding the reason and precisely why it happened like that was what Joshua had to work on. So far… he hadn't found much, but he did find that the Misla seemed to have a very low amount of energy at all times. Nowhere near her original reserves, for one, and it was neither recovering nor depleting, which was a little confusing.

His best guess was that the disease was draining her of her magic just as quickly as she regenerated it. Now, if that was the case, how did it get the levels lower in the first place? Was the disease basically stopping magic regeneration and letting the host use up their own energy until they ran out and fell into the coma? It was a possibility, but surely someone would have noticed that they weren't regenerating magic and it would be noted somewhere.

'Maybe the drain grew with time until it reached his point?' he wondered, but that didn't quite make sense. If so, someone would still have reported that magic regeneration stopped at some point before they fell asleep. 'Does it drain until it reaches this point and then keep it there?' Joshua considered then.

Ultimately, it would be a process like that. Looking for ideas on what to test, how to approach testing, how to try and get more information, look for answers. With some luck, he'd start making progress in at least one direction and get somewhere.

Thus, Joshua started taking in the information his skills gave, together with his continuously improving Magic and Life Sense. There was a lot to take in, but not all of it was useful. Chances were most of it was more or less useless, but it was a matter of thinning the filters until something popped up. Either that, or until he found something that made him have a breakthrough like it had happened with the Phoenix Spell.

He could only hope for something like that though.

He wouldn't be depending on that though, no way. That was like trusting his luck to pull through and while things weren't precisely looking badly for him, Joshua knew that luck was a fickle thing. It could leave you at the drop of a hat, so it was better to be prepared for when it happened.

[}-o-{]​

"And that's the last one," Joshua said, standing up and cracking his neck as he surveyed the spell array he'd laid down. There were wards, hexes and boons involved, but the end result was a very nice Phoenix Array. Not to be confused with the Phoenix Spell. Although they did the same thing, the array was Joshua's preferred alternative. It was more complex, sure, but it allowed him to monitor the functioning more closely and maybe do some minor modifications later on instead of having to re-work the entire spell once more, which would be a nightmare.

As it was, the Phoenix Spell was staying as it was with only the rather minor change of making it use flames instead of dust and sand. Once that was done, Joshua was likely to leave the thing well enough alone for a long while, because that was one complex piece of magic. He imagined it'd take a lot of effort to do anything else with that and he'd rather not and just make a slight change in an array instead.

"Thank you, Joshua," Yasaka told him, smiling in that way that made him want to look away and stare forever at the same time. Why did everyone have to be fucking beautiful? Stupid ecchi story. "I know you aren't done with the negotiations for the spell though."

"Meh, having this here is non-negotiable anyway. Might as well set it up. Besides, this one's just for you and Kunou, which means that it won't get out that it's even there unless it activates… In which case I don't care if it gets out, I just want it there," Joshua told her with a shrug as he ran his fingers through his hair.

"And I appreciate that," Yasaka told him as they started moving out of the room. As far as everyone knew, he was just updating some of the defenses he'd set up some time ago… Which he was, so that was a fairly good cover. "We were there for a while. Kunou will be angry at us for leaving her alone."

"She'd be angry if we left five minutes, pretty sure," Joshua replied with a snort. "She'll get over it."

"You have a story ready, don't you?" the woman asked him, to which he grinned.

"Who do you take me for? I have several stories ready," he answered with a chuckle. "They are my weapon here, if you must know. And I'm never not prepared for something… Or so I'd like to think, at least," he commented, still feeling in fairly good spirits. He wondered how long the high of the Phoenix Project going well would last.

He was certainly not complaining, that was for sure.

"It's good to see you in high spirits," Yasaka told him.

"That obvious?" he asked, rubbing the back of his neck as he looked away for a moment. "I am though. I'm just… having a good time after a success, I guess. I'm enjoying myself."

"I wasn't complaining," she pointed out, sounding amused. "As I said, it's nice to see. Certainly better than witnessing as you burn yourself out."

"I went a bit overboard, I admit," he mumbled awkwardly. "I'm sorry if I worried you or Kunou. I just… really had to get that done and things weren't adding up," he explained, although he wasn't very sure how good a justification that was. "I guess I have to make up for that."

"You don't have to do anything, Joshua," Yasaka said, sounding slightly exasperated. "We'd appreciate not having to see you like that, but it's over now."

"Hm… Nah, I think I have to make up for that," he repeated, a grin forming on his face that only widened when he saw Yasaka's eyes narrow. "We are going out, you, me and Kunou. A nice meal, some shopping, maybe a movie or three depending on the lil' brat," he decided, opening the door to the room where they usually spent most of their time.

"I'm not a brat!" the aforementioned kid protested.

"How'd you know I was talking about you?" Joshua asked, smiling down at Kunou. "We hadn't opened the door yet," he pointed out, making the girl pout.

"You are always calling me a brat now," she whined.

"That's because you are a brat," Joshua replied with a sage nod, even as the smile slipped through his control of his expression. Ultimately, he just chuckled as he moved to sit besides the girl. "I still love you though," he commented, planting his hand on top of the girl's head and ruffling her hair. She continued pouting, but he could feel how little she meant it then. "She's angry at me, Yasaka."

"That she is, Joshua," the woman replied with that smile that she usually got when he interacted with Kunou. It always made him feel like he was doing something right, which was great. Being a father figure was terrifying enough by itself, after all. "Are you gonna do something about it?"

"Well, I was gonna show her this cool idea I got about a princess, locked in a tower, that let her hair grow so long she could dangle it on the side from the top til it touched the ground… But I guess we can do something else," he answered, faking a disappointed sigh. "Did you have any business to talk about or-"

"I wanna know what happens there!" Kunou exclaimed, clearly not wanting to miss out on a new story. Joshua smiled triumphantly, which was entirely too evident, as the girl started pouting again. "You are mean, dad."

"You love me anyway," he replied, picking her up and setting her on his lap.

"I guess I do," she grumbled, crossing her arms but otherwise perfectly fine in her new spot.

"Are you gonna join us, Yasaka?" Joshua asked then, making the woman's smile widen ever so slightly before she moved to sit beside them. Happily, he let his magic flow and cast the illusion show he'd prepared for that day.

[}-o-{]​

"Is there a point to this?" Raynare asked, some bite in her voice and emotions, but that was just how she was, Joshua had learned. If one ignored that, she almost was nice to have around. Almost, but not quite.

"There is," he confirmed, not looking up from his notebook as he drew on it, occasionally looking up to check on the woman in question, who was posing for him. Strangely, she'd been the first to answer when he jokingly asked if someone wanted to pose for a drawing. He'd targeted the question to his familiars, of course, but the fallen trio had been there too, so…

That's how he found himself drawing Raynare of all people.

He was even more surprised that she'd stayed still for as long as she had, really, even if she did throw some complaining comments here and there. All in all, she almost seemed fine doing what she was. He'd half expected to get a light spear thrown at him or at the very least feel some very strong emotions.

Instead he got… some complaints and mild to regular annoyance.

It was weird.

"R&R is important, you know?" he commented as he continued with what he was doing. "If you work all the time, it takes its toll on your mind. Things become dull, you lose motivation, energy. Even if your body is fine, your mind needs its own care," he explained calmly as he continued. "I'm taking my own time to recover from a pretty rough time."

"But why am I here?" she asked then, eye twitching.

"Because you offered? I was just asking my familiars," he replied, and the woman's eye twitched again. Her annoyance doubled instantly and he felt… embarrassment coming from her. That was interesting. "You look like you could use some rest though."

"What do you mean?" she snapped at him, making him smile and chuckle. She knew that was all she could do, at least. If she were really pushing her luck, he'd have to make sure she learned that there were limits, even if he was taking things easier lately.

He might not feel like torturing them like he had before, but that didn't mean they were less guilty or more deserving of mercy than before. He wasn't being nice for them, he was being nice for himself, which was very different. At least the three seemed to realize that, so they weren't entirely stupid.

"You are always training, and working, and studying me – for whatever reason – and that means that you are wearing yourself out," he told her, rolling his eyes. He was pretty sure he'd explained it well enough. "You have to take some time off from that kind of thing and do something that you can enjoy and lets you relax."

"I like getting stronger," Raynare shot back, making him sigh.

"And I like spell tinkering. Doesn't mean it's less stressful if I have to do it all the time," Joshua replied with a slight shrug. "Doing something with no pressure makes all the difference. You want to get stronger. You need to get stronger, that means you pressure yourself into doing it. If you took a break to do anything else, read a book for fun, play a game or whatever, then that pressure disappears for a bit and you can relax, rest."

"Sounds like a waste of time," she muttered under her breath.

"Sleeping is a waste of time for you too, then, I suppose, but you have to do it or you'll start falling apart," he countered with a roll of his eyes. "Taking care of yourself is important. You can't be strong if you push too hard and your body gives in. Same for your mind."

"I… guess that makes… sense," Raynare said through her teeth, sounding like she had to force herself to say the words and it was a grueling experience. She was dramatic like that, Joshua supposed. "What do you think I should do?"

"If you don't know yourself, then I don't know how much I can help you then. I like drawing, as you can see. I like spending time with my friends. I like cooking and working at my cafe-"

"You have a cafe?" she asked, sounding and looking genuinely surprised as she blinked owlishly at him, completely breaking the pose she'd maintained so far. That is, before she recovered a moment later. Raynare was turning out to be a decent model. Who'd have thought? "Wait, the cafe you are always mentioning is yours."

"Yes?" he replied, unsure of why she was so shocked. Besides… "Didn't I mention that?"

"I don't… think so?" she answered, not sounding very sure at all. "Why would you even own something like that? You are rolling in money and power!"

"Because before I was a magician and all that, I was a normal human, you know?" he asked, focusing his attention back to drawing. He was almost done, actually. "I was in a bad place and a kind man gave me a job in a cafe. Turns out that I liked it, and it offered me a chance to feel normal once more when I… Well, when I stopped being normal. I like it. It's effort, sure, but I don't have to think too hard while I work there. I can just let go of most things and just be a waiter or a barista or a cook for a bit."

"I see…"

"I'm not hiring you for the cafe, by the way."

"I wasn't gonna ask that! Who do you take me for?!" Raynare exclaimed, scandalized. "You might not be full of shit, but that doesn't mean I'll do… that," she added, as if that mere idea was genuinely insulting for her.

Joshua just rolled his eyes.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

R&R is important, guys, remember that. I've recently started taking some time to just rest instead of jumping from writing project to writing project and it's been awesome for me. I might be relaxing a little too much though, so I'll have to see if I can hit a more balanced point.

Anyway, regarding the chapter, I had fun writing it. I know not much happens, but at this point, you should be used to it. Besides, there's always these little pieces of stuff hidden inside the Slice of Life. If you read carefully instead of skimming, then you'll realize that. If not, then you'll miss a bunch of things, I'm sure.

Regardless of that, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you do when you need to take a break? I read, obviously, but lately I've also started playing games again (more specifically Subnautica as of late) and sometimes doing streams in the Discord server. It's been fun.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 200 others
Adrian King
Jul 24, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 113 - You Raise Me Up- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#450
You Raise Me Up-

"Hm, people don't like me much, it seems," Joshua commented, drawing a sigh from both Griselda and Gabriel. Xenovia and Irina showed their own unease by shifting a little as they walked, as if they wanted to turn away from him but couldn't quite do so without stopping escorting him to the ward room he'd use.

"Things continue to escalate," the Seraph answered after a moment and Joshua felt the shift in their surroundings. There was a spell in place, but it wasn't only that. There was a touch of divinity there. 'Is that how I never noticed her using spells?' Joshua mused. As it was, he imagined he had his Egyptian friends to thank for now being aware of it.

The new capabilities extended to more than sensing stuff in a deeper way, of course, but he hadn't quite delved into that. It felt… overwhelming, every time he so much as "looked" in the directions of those powers. Set's previous blessing had been nothing like that.

Joshua had dipped his metaphorical toes into the new blessing and what it might allow him to do, but it always felt like too much. It was probably the divinity, he supposed. He was a human, even with a System. A human that had been given too much power at once.

As it was, he only had access to two thirds of the new blessing. First of all, the one that seemed to increase his potential in skills, as far as the System was concerned, since all the max levels had been raised. Besides that, he now also seemed to have an easier time developing skills too, even if it wasn't anything drastic, it was still noticeable and that was something he could appreciate.

'I guess I'll have to really go for it one of these days,' Joshua thought, holding back a sigh. 'The game might give me a resistance or something like that. I can't just ignore these. It's too much power that I could use,' he mused.

That was a problem for future Joshua. At that very moment, he had a job to do warding and booning the Church base. They still refused to accept hexes, but that was expected, really. As it was, he could worry about his new powers and other things at some other time.

For the moment, Joshua could focus on other things for a bit. The situation with Rias and the Phenex was more or less in control. Things with Sairaorg's mother wouldn't change for the foreseeable future, for better or worse. Hexennacht was probably still licking their wounds. Khaos Brigade was strangely silent, which was concerning, but that was a problem for other people, since he wasn't directly involved with that for the moment.

Maybe it was selfish of him, but Joshua was content to take some time for himself and not worry about things.

Cheshire walking by his leg and pressing against it brought him back to the present once more.

"Everyone's on edge. If they were quietly discontent with us asking an outsider for help, they are more overt about it now," the angel continued talking then, looking sadly towards the exorcists that they passed at times. Joshua imagined she'd cast an illusion over them, not only to hide what she was saying but also to hide that she was watching them too.

"Nothing I can do, I'm guessing?" he asked. He felt the amusement of his familiars then after that. He even felt some from the gods through the Charm, but there were also a few suspicious ones and even offended ones. He almost wanted to roll his eyes.

It seemed that everything he did could rub someone the wrong way. He didn't care about pleasing all of them, but it was annoying anyway. Joshua could see how that made sense though. Gods had plenty of conflicting domains and such. Doing something that pleased one could very easily anger another.

It wasn't even that he was offering because he liked the Church very much. Sure, they had made a lot of progress from the mess that their relationship had been at the start, but still. He was just doing what had been asked of him. There were some nice people in there, like the ones escorting him, but the rest? Meh.

However, if the Church stopped fighting with itself, then that was more resources that could be used to fight Khaos Brigade and Joshua was all for that. So, if he could help solve the Civil War a little quicker, then he'd try his best. He didn't even want something that would have a drastic effect on things, but anything that would speed things up would be nice.

"Besides what you are already doing?" Gabriel asked, seeming somewhat amused. That was good, at least. Better than the depressed look, that was for sure. "We couldn't possibly ask you for more, Mr. Davis."

"Haven't I told you to call me Joshua already?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. For some reason, the angel seemed to find that response even more amusing, if the widening of her smile was anything to go by. "Also, I'm the one asking for more to do, not the other way around," he pointed out.

To that, the woman giggled behind her hand, which had Irina stumbling on her feet. One would think she never saw an angel giggling, honestly. Although, that might have been exactly what was going on. Joshua supposed his perspective might be a little skewed in that aspect. He wasn't very sure what was normal or not and his meetings with certain supernatural figures were… not quite the norm either, he was sure.

"Even then, I can't just ask more of you, Joshua," Gabriel told him. "There's no need to involve someone that's completely disconnected from this conflict."

"I could point out the several ways I'm involved, like setting up these defenses or taking care of Asia," he commented, drawing a wry smile from the angel. "I could also bring up a bunch of selfish reasons as to why I want to help, if that'd make you feel better."

"It wouldn't, but I appreciate the thought."

"I'm surrounded by stubborn people," Joshua said then, sighing. "I guess I'll have to look for a way to help without asking or being asked."

"Joshua-"

"After all, I'm a disconnected individual which you can't involve… and can't stop," he commented, as if he were just talking to himself instead of to the Seraph. To that, Gabriel gave him this exasperated look that he'd seen once or twice on women. The kind that told him he was doing something they reluctantly liked but still disapproved of. "I guess that's something else to look into," he added, this time truly talking to himself.

'Why can't I stop adding things to my plate?' he thought with a grimace.

This time the amusement of his familiars was even less appreciated than before.

[}-o-{]​

His daggers clashed against Jeanne's swords.

Joshua felt like it had been forever since he'd last sparred with his sister. At least since it had been just the two of them, he was sure. There was always someone else around, be it Sairaorg's group, Rias' group, Sona's, the Fallen… They saw a lot more people than he thought visiting their place, now that he really considered it.

He decided, then and there, that it had been a good idea to set up some training with just Jeanne that day. Especially judging by the way her face lit up and how she continued to smile through the spar, even as he pushed her more and more. 'This is fun,' he thought, his familiars contently watching from the sides. Well, most of them, since Margalo had taken to cheering for both of them whole flying overhead.

"Is that all? I know you can do better," he told Jeanne, turning her smile into a smirk.

"You asked for it, old man," she replied, to which he snorted, his grin widening. A moment later, the swords she had been using disappeared, replaced by Relentless Justice that she wielded alone. Seeing that, Joshua stored the regular Holy Daggers he'd been using in favor of letting out Setan Kober and Carnwennan.

Both weapons were fairly happy to be out and about again, even if it was just for a spar. Joshua was a little surprised by that, especially in regards to the demonic blade, but he guessed a practice battle was better than no battle at all. It had been a while since he'd gone out in the field, after all.

'Not for long, however,' he mused. He'd taken a bit of a break from raiding Hexennacht, but that was for the Phoenix Spell. Now that he was somewhat free again, he could easily save some time to show those Stray Magicians that they weren't out of the woods yet.

Not until the whole organization was dealt with.

Both of his daggers very much agreed with that, as it turned out, and that made them put that much more effort in his spar, it seemed. Which was good, because Jeanne was really going all out, it turned out. It was sort of baffling that his sister could keep up with him, Joshua thought. Especially after the rather sudden growth he'd experienced.

Sure, he had wards weighing him down and draining his strength, probably more than her, but that still left other things like reflexes and such. Jeanne honestly learned at a baffling rate and he could only guess that it was due to her Hero Descendant status. 'Nobody is made equal in this world, that's for sure,' he thought wryly.

Still, he was a little too much for her, even if the difference wasn't as big as one could expect.

"I think that's enough for now," he said, causing the girl to all but drop to the ground, gasping for hair and covered in sweat. Well, she kept up with him, but she certainly had to put more effort, so that was a bit comforting. With a smile, Joshua got a water bottle for each of them out of his Storage Spell and passed one to the struggling girl.

"Thanks," she breathed out. "You are ridiculous, Joshua."

"Pretty sure most people would say the same about you, just saying."

"And you are even more ridiculous," Jeanne shot back, to which he chuckled.

"I'm just cool like that, I guess," he commented, juggling Setan Kober up and down in the air. His sister just rolled her eyes at him as she continued recovering. "You've come really far from how I found you," he added then, his smile turning a little reminiscing.

And wasn't that the truth? Jeanne had been a nervous, unsure wreck back then. She'd been too afraid that he'd leave her, that he wouldn't help her. Back then it had taken a while to convince her to practice with him and such things. Now, she took to combat like she'd been born into it, with confidence that her past self would have hardly shown. She stood tall, sure of herself, and ready to take on the world if she needed it.

"Yeah, well, you did a good job with me, I guess," she said, giving him a thankful expression. "Have I thanked you, Joshua? Because I don't even know where I'd be if not for you, but I would certainly be worse off."

Well, considering he knew exactly where she'd be, he could easily believe that. However, that wasn't how she'd meant that and he knew that too. He could appreciate the sentiment, if nothing else.

"I think you have said that once or twice," he replied, moving to stand next to her and pulling her into a one-armed hug. They both stunk of sweat, but he didn't care much for that. They'd shower shortly anyway. "You are my sister though, so there's no need for thanks."

"Idiot," she huffed, but she didn't move away or anything. He was actually pretty sure she pressed against his side instead. "You are too nice."

"I'll take that as a compliment."

[}-o-{]​

"Magic is weird."

"I mean, I agree," Joshua replied with an amused smile as he leaned back against his chair. Bringing a cup of tea up to his lips to take a sip, he looked across the table at Aika.

The girl had been studying the books he gave her for a while now and with some free time, he'd offered to talk with her. She'd been very understanding when he'd told her that he was kind of busy before, but the extra time had only given her more chances to get questions to ask him. So there they were, having an impromptu lesson at the cafe while Issei worked.

"Still, this is… really interesting," the girl said, pushing her glasses up and looking at the notebook on the table, where she'd noted down all his answers. "And you are a really good teacher, by the way. No chance I can get you to teach at Kuoh?"

"Not at all," he answered, making her deflate. "My days are busy enough as is, so no, thank you. I appreciate the compliment though. Once you get your feet under you, maybe I can get you into one of my magic classes."

"That'd be great," Aika replied, smiling widely. "Are associations as big a deal as the books make them sound?"

"I mean, they are all written by people that were in organizations like that, so you gotta take that kind of stuff with a grain of salt. It is important to have someone back you up in a world like this though. For most magicians, that's magician associations. I happen to be an exception, since I didn't even know about those, but I managed to stumble into situations that offered me some support," Joshua explained, smiling slightly as he saw Aika go back to taking notes. "Most people have a harder time learning magic than I do too, so that's another pro for associations, having someone to teach you so you might progress faster."

"So, what I'm hearing is that I don't need to worry about that since I'm under your wing?" Aika asked, and he chuckled. That might have sounded a little presumptuous to most, and it probably was, but he found it funny. Besides, she didn't seem to actually be assuming anything about the situation. She was asking a question honestly, indirectly asking if he was actually backing her or just giving her a little push.

Or at least, he was pretty sure that was what was going on.

"You don't and you are," he replied with a grin. "Do try not to make my image a mess, yeah?"

"I'll try," she answered, looking entirely too amused. Seeing that expression, Joshua just rolled his eyes. "In a serious note, what does this mean for me? Do I like, work for you? Or do I need to do anything at all?"

"I mean, most would try and have you work for them, yeah. Having the power of an extra magician is what I imagine makes most take in apprentices and such. Besides, any favor they incur can count for you too and all that," Joshua mused, bringing his cup up for another sip. "I don't care for that, honestly. Just do your best to learn. I might ask you for a favor or two, but it shouldn't be anything too complicated or anything that you'd say no to, I'm sure. If you feel like I ask too much, just say so. I'm not going to kick you to the curb because you didn't listen to a request or something."

"... I get the feeling that you are really lax about this."

"I'm sure many would agree with you, but I just don't care enough," Joshua replied, shrugging. "I mean, I'm sure there's stuff that I'm missing and not understanding or just plain don't know about. I'm more of an exception than the norm in the supernatural world, I've learned, so take anything I tell you with a grain of salt."

"Except about magic."

"Except about magic," he agreed, smiling. "Magic is a lot easier than people."

"Not sure what you could need with my magic. All I read is that it's not that powerful or useful, since it's very imprecise, especially when reading the future," Aika said, looking down at her notes. Her previous good mood seemed to have vanished into thin air too. "I mean, I get where they are coming from, but these authors… They seem to mock divination or regret taking it as their main magic. Few of them seem to really like it."

"It happens," Joshua told her with a reassuring smile. "One of my main magics is really under-appreciated. It's looked down on as a worse version of another magic that I use and they couldn't be further from the truth. There's no weak or bad magic, Kyriuu. It's all about how you use them. Even if those authors aren't lying, that doesn't mean it's the full truth. Magic is a wonderful thing. If you really try, I'm sure you can do great things with any branch."

"I guess," the girl replied, a tiny smile tugging at her lips. "I want to see where I can get with this."

"Then do it," he encouraged. "I'll be right here to help you out, get you all the books you might need and I can pull strings to get you a teacher," he promised, because it didn't cost him much anyway, Issei cared about this girl and she seemed like a good kid, as far as Joshua had seen. So, what reason did he have not to try and help her, really? "Just say the word. Maybe in the future I'll benefit from this too. They might just look at me and say "Hey, that's the guy that helped Aika Kyriuu, greatest diviner in the world!". That'd be cool," he commented, drawing a snort from the girl.

"Yeah, it'd be."

[}-o-{]​

"Thanks, Fuyuko," Joshua said, teleporting the cup of tea the woman brought him to the table.

"You are welcome, Joshua-sama," the woman replied with a smile before doing so with the rest of the people in the room.

"So, things seem to be going well," he commented once the servant left.

"Well enough for you to give me some spel-"

"Is this why you really asked that Joshua be at the meeting, Azazel?" Yasaka interrupted the Governor, raising an unimpressed eyebrow. In response the Fallen Angel simply grinned at her, making the woman sigh. "Of course it is."

"I mean, your report was probably the worst of the bunch, no offense," Joshua told Azazel, making the man dramatically place a hand over his chest, as if severely wounded. "But I guess I can give you a pity spell," he continued joking, drawing a quick circle on a piece of paper and then tearing the thing out to pass it to the Governor. "I expect better in the future, Azazel," he continued, mock-serious, making the man laugh out loud.

"Don't ever change, Joshua. And thanks for this. Keep it up and I might just need to start worrying about actual payment," Azazel said, drawing stares from everyone else in the room. "Oh, relax, will you, ladies? Geez," he grumbled, rolling his eyes before teleporting off without so much as a by-your-leave.

"That man is… unpleasant," Gabriel commented, drawing agreeing nods and hums from Serafall and Yasaka. "With that said, I must be off too. We can't afford to look away from our own affairs for long, I'm afraid. Again, thank you for all the help you are providing us, Joshua," the angel said, turning to look at him specially.

He was a little surprised by that, but he guessed his wards had been helping more than expected or something. He could sense them just as much as those he bound to them, but he usually didn't pay too much attention. They were the ones supposed to deal with everything, after all. He just kept the possibility of checking on them in case something drastic happened.

He wasn't sure how the Church would react to that detail, but Gabriel herself had just said that she appreciated the gesture. She'd also said that they had to deal with their own issues though, so he wasn't to interfere in those. He was fine with that. He'd mostly just left that backdoor for himself in case Khaos Brigade tried something, really.

"No problem. We have a deal, after all."

"I don't think you realize that you are doing more than our deal would entail," Gabriel said, both amused and exasperated. "Carnwennan and the Boon Magic books are valuable, for sure, but what you are doing to help us in these times? It's much more than that."

"Well, I guess I'll keep you guys in mind if I need anything."

"Which is Joshua for "I won't tell you if I need anything and you'll be forever in my debt", more or less," Serafall "translated", drawing a nod from Yasaka.

"Thanks for that, Serafall."

"You're welcome, Josh!"

He just sighed.

"With that said, I'll see you all in the next meeting, or whenever we need you to set up more defenses, Joshua," Gabriel said, smile still in place before disappearing.

"Things are almost too calm, honestly," Joshua commented then, leaning back and drinking his tea. "I'm getting worried."

"Periods of peace aren't that rare, even in the middle of conflict-filled times," Yasaka told him. "You just need to enjoy them when they come around."

"Yeah, just relax and have fun, Josh!" Serafall told him. "Besides, this is what you need, after stressing so much with the Phoenix Spell, right?"

"You are not wrong about that," he replied, taking a deep breath in and letting himself ease up. "How about you, having an easier time with these "peaceful" times?"

"Well, Khaos and the Phenex are my main concerns right now and both are going fairly well, all things considered," Serafall told him, looking at the very picture of positivity. "The Phenex are actually kind of panicking a little, I think, trying to find a way for everything to happen without them losing face."

"And you are having fun with the show, I'm sure," he commented, making the woman giggle.

"Things are going well for me too," Yasaka said when he turned towards her. "No need to keep throwing favors at me, Joshua, truly. Things are progressing much better now that I've managed to get the ball rolling, as I've told you already. I've even managed to get some more time with Kunou, if that helps you understand this."

"It does," he answered with a smile. "Speaking of the brat, where is she? She usually barges right in as soon as the meetings end."

"She said she'd be late because she was preparing a spell to show you," the Youkai leader replied, making him tilt his head with interest. He hadn't heard about any new projects. Had the sneaky lil' girl started working on something without telling him?

"This works for us too," Serafall said, making him turn towards her. "We did have something to tell you, after all."

"Oh?" he mused, looking between the two women. What could they possibly have to tell him, together at that? Something Khaos Brigade related surely would have been brought up in the meeting. Maybe some political move that the Egyptians might be interested in?... He hoped not.

'Fuck politics,' he thought, with Set agreeing at the back of his mind. Joshua frowned then, noting several deities sending him waves of amusement and excitement. 'Who even are those?' he wondered. He tried to identify them, try to pick up something from them, but he couldn't quite find out much.

"I'm all ears then," he said in the end, bringing his cup of tea to his lips and taking a sip.

"We both like you, romantically," Serafall told him bluntly, smiling innocently.

Joshua paused, gulped his tea and then blinked.

He tilted his head, re-processing that statement.

He had heard wrong, right?

"We like you, Joshua," Yasaka reaffirmed, calm and collected as if she were talking about something completely normal and reasonable.

He hadn't heard wrong.

'What?'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

… Well, that happened.

I'll be honest, guys. Romance is one of the things in writing that I'm the least confident in. I've made some attempts in the past in other stories, and while I'm somewhat confident I did a decent job then, this is a completely different set up of characters and personalities and… Well, I just hope you guys can give advice or at least cut me some slack. I'm trying my best here.

With that said, my nervousness isn't why this was delayed so much (I swear!). Maybe you've noticed, maybe you haven't, but Joshua isn't a social butterfly. He doesn't do well in social settings of any kind. He's been getting better through this story, but this is a huge thing for him that both Yasaka and Serafall realized. Thus, both women decided to give him some time, especially since he had things on his plate that he needed to focus on and neither wanted to make things harder for him. They are old beings, after all, they can afford to wait a little bit, especially for someone that's special to them.

Of course, there's a bunch of other reasons why things have been like this. I often don't convey everything into words well, or at all, because I like not explaining everything. If I do, it feels like I'm just telling you everything, instead of having you figure out why characters do what they do, or how things happen.

I realize that this style of writing might not be for everyone, or even most people, but it's how I do things.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How good, or bad, a job have I done in this aspect so far? What do you expect from this going forward?... Hopefully your expectations won't be too high.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 222 others
Adrian King
Jul 25, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 114 - -To More Than I Can Be
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#452
-To More Than I Can Be

He stared at the two.

First, he looked at Yasaka, who seemed about as calm as one could be. He tried to read her through his Life Sense, but he knew it was useless. She was a master of Senjutsu, after all. There was no way he'd read anything but what she wanted.

Serafall wasn't much better, sitting there like a happy child waiting for… something. She wasn't a master of life energy usage, but she was no doubt good enough to hide from his senses whatever she wanted to. There was no way he'd get anything from her, or Yasaka.

His senses, his spells, they were all useless at reading them. Maybe if he'd been home but… He'd never really had a reason to have something to read them with. So, he'd have to do this the hard way, thinking about it.

Unfortunately… he didn't even know what to do here.

They meant it though, what they were saying. Joshua believed that much even if he didn't understand why or how it had all come to be. Were it anyone else, he might have thought it was a joke, or a trick, or something else. He trusted Yasaka and Serafall though. They were friends and close ones at that. They knew how he was, maybe even better than he knew himself.

So… there was no way they'd say something like that, without meaning it.

He wanted to believe that, at least.

Hence his internal panic at that moment, because he didn't know what to do. How was he supposed to answer that? What was he supposed to say? What was he supposed to feel?

Because he was fairly sure that the unending confusion and nerves he was feeling wasn't how it was supposed to go.

"Joshua," Yasaka said, snapping him out of spiraling thoughts, if only by scaring him even more. Did they want an answer right the- "Joshua, breathe," she told him softly and he let out a breath he hadn't known he'd been holding. "Relax."

"Everything's fine, Josh," Serafall joined in, her smile widening a little. "We know you aren't… used to this kind of thing," she said and he almost wanted to laugh at that. If that wasn't an understatement, then he didn't know what was. "Take your time, there's no rush."

Joshua opened his mouth to say something then, maybe a thank you, or a question, or… a number of things, but his mind was such a mess all of a sudden that he just ended up saying nothing and closing his mouth again. How had things gone from nice and calm to… whatever the fuck all that was? It was safe to say that he hadn't seen that coming.

In hindsight though, as he tried to process things… maybe he shouldn't have been so surprised, he supposed. Looking back at things, both of them had acted strangely at times. In a way that he now could guess pointed in this direction. He'd just never realized what it was, at all. Or maybe it was more accurate that he hadn't thought it was possible, thinking it all wishful thinking and misunderstandings.

In his defense… Romance had never been a thing that was prominent in his mind. At times he'd wonder if he would ever meet someone to spend his life with, or even share a temporary relationship. Maybe he'd think like that about certain people at times, especially the two in front of him but… It had always been just idle thoughts at best, however. A daydream and a fantasy, something for the future that was unlikely to happen or something that just wouldn't happen at all.

A soothing feeling washed over him, foreign but calming. Joshua knew where it came from immediately. The Charm and his connection to the Egyptian Pantheon. He appreciated the nudge, because he felt like he was a wreck, but this was personal and private, so…

'Leave, please,' he thought and, surprisingly, the deities listened. Some seemed to grumble and protest, but all of them left in the end. For that alone, he was grateful, at least.

"I… don't know how to feel… What to say…" he managed to mumble eventually, finding the words even if they weren't what he'd have liked to say and likely weren't what the two women wanted to hear. He was a mess though, and he was a-

"Joshua, we understand," Yasaka reassured him, making him deflate both because he felt useless and because he was relieved to hear that. "It's one of the reasons we waited. We didn't want to overwhelm you when you had things to focus on, things to worry about."

"We also didn't want to wait forever though, so… sorry if we were a little impatient," Serafall continued and it took Joshua less than a second to realize that they were working together on this. Not a surprise, considering how they had approached things but still…

'I need to think,' he realized, because he was letting the emotions get him and he needed to cool down his brain else he let things get worse. 'So, think,' he urged himself…

And so he did. He pushed aside the emotions and tried to be more factual, using the same process he would a spell. Process the information, the meaning and how to move forward.

They liked him, he was working with the assumption that they actually did. They were working on this together too. That, together with the world he was in connected to a dot that… confused him even more. 'See the facts,' he told himself. Because he'd have thought someone liking him improbable before, so what was a little more, right?

They liked him… and they wanted to be with him… both?

'And I thought the world already didn't make sense,' Joshua thought to himself.

"Why would you even-?" he started asking, before his eyes widened and he leaned back a little. The looks on both women's faces was plenty scary, he wasn't ashamed to admit.

"I do hope you weren't going to ask why we like you, Joshua," Yasaka said, making him gulp. He was suddenly very aware that these two were insanely strong, something that strangely enough didn't come up much in his mind. "I do believe you know what most of my reasons are, but I'll add some you might not be aware of," the youkai continued after a moment, relaxing a little, much to Joshua's relief.

Indeed, he could think of maybe one Kunou-shaped reason, but surely-

"On top of how good you are with and to Kunou, I do like you for other reasons too. For one, you aren't a coward." Well, Joshua didn't need to be a genius to get where that one came from. "And you are not only a good father, but a good man in general. It's refreshing, for one, to have someone that doesn't really care who I am. I can't tell you how much I enjoy the times when we just get to spend time together, without having to worry about politics or what's proper. I know I seem to always be in control, but the outside and the inside are different at times, Joshua, you should know. So thank you, for giving me a respite from the things I have to live with, and even helping me in regards to them."

Now, that was possibly one of the most emotional moments he'd seen from Yasaka, Joshua realized easily. Sure, he'd seen her show some things at times. Sadness and joy, but this was different. This was more raw and it was ironic, because her face and voice didn't show much, still mostly calm and as if she were stating the most natural of facts, but her eyes were suddenly a lot more expressive than they'd ever been.

"And I do believe it's my turn now," Serafall took over with a bright smile, her tone joking. That is, before she deflated a little where she sat and her expression took a much softer look. "I know I'm not an easy person to deal with, you know? But you didn't just put up with me. You seemed fine with it, you seem to even like me being me and that's… that's important to me, Joshua, very much."

Serafall looked downright shy. Was the world going mad?

"Yasaka and I share a lot of our reasons for liking you, but I wanted to add that, because it really does mean a lot to me. Especially that you decide to play along at times and… Well, most of my friends are like me. We are weird and we know it. So, it's nice to know someone that's more… down to earth that won't look down on us – on me – as we are, I guess," Serafall explained, a soft smile on her face that was really pulling at his heartstrings. That just wasn't fair.

How was he supposed to think clearly when they were doing this to him?

'What do I do with this information?' he asked himself then, gulping and trying not to let a knot form in his throat. He needed to stay calm. Yasaka and Serafall were waiting patiently, but he didn't want to leave them there forever. How long had passed? How long would they wa-? 'No, think.'

"... I like you too," he said then, confused and nervous, but confident in that, if nothing else. Of course he liked them. How could he not like them, honestly? They were gorgeous, but more than that they were incredible women, both of them.

How was he supposed to not like Yasaka, when she was such a rock in his life, offering him support through the rough patches that he'd gone through since he met her. She'd helped him overcome some things that he'd struggled with for a while. It was her that pushed him to recover from his losses, more than time or anyone else. She'd given him someone to open up to and someone to soothe some of the pain that he'd carried with him.

How was he supposed to not like Serafall, when she was such a ray of sunshine, bringing some joy to otherwise somewhat dull or sad days wherever she went. She might have been weird for some people, but he enjoyed that about her. She was a constant source of positivism that he simply didn't have a lot of in his life. Things were always happier with her around, and that was something that Joshua could very easily appreciate.

"I like you too." he repeated, a smile forming on his face. His nerves were there too, but… But he trusted these two women. He trusted them with a lot of things so… What was a little more, right? At least that simple response seemed to be good enough for both of them, if their responding smiles were anything to go by. Trying to pull himself together, he went to speak again. "I'll admit though… I have no idea what I should do, or say so… I mean…"

He took a deep breath in. ''Relax, don't overthink,' he thought to himself, sighing. He desperately wanted to take a sip from his tea, but it felt wrong, to be so casual about this. He needed to take this seriously and do something. Both Yasaka and Serafall deserved that much, at the very least.

He looked between them, and thought about how they'd approached this. Furthermore, he thought back to some of the interactions he'd witnessed between the two and that now gained a whole new meaning. He thought of some of the things they'd said and done…

"You've been thinking this over for a while," he commented, not a question but a statement.

"We have, yeah," Serafall replied, still all smiles as she nodded for emphasis.

"We are sorry if that bothers you in any way, but… We had to make some things clear between the two of us," Yasaka continued and it was kind of intimidating that they were so… in sync, as it were.

"And after that, we both agreed that it was better to wait, so…" Serafall finished, trailing off. He got the idea though, sort of. It still sounded like absolute madness when he tried to go over it, but denying things would make even less sense.

"So… I mean… I don't want to misunderstand anything," he mumbled, gulping again and running his fingers through his hair. Neither of those actions calmed his beating heart nor his nerves. "But you two-?"

"Like you," Serafall finished for him, making him swallow a nervous chuckle.

"What I meant to say is-"

"And we want to be with you," Yasaka interrupted this time, actually answering the question he'd been going for.

"At the same time, yes," Serafall added.

"That… ok…" Joshua muttered, leaning back a little.

He pictured that, or tried to. He couldn't quite fit the pieces in his mind, but that was because he wasn't from this world. He came from a world where the kind of thing they were talking about was… unconventional at best, at least in most places, from what he knew. In their cultures though, it might not be, if he remembered right.

So, he took a moment to work around that issue, thinking about it in a different way. Did he want to be with Serafall? Yes, of course. Did he want to be with Yasaka? Yes, of course. He had doubts though, fears and insecurities. Probably the same or at least related to the ones that had stopped him from realizing what was happening around him.

And yet…

"I'd like that too," he said then, a nervous smile appearing on his face as he saw Serafall positively beam and Yasaka smile wider. "I… You need to know that I don't know what I'm doing right now and I'm definitely not going to know what I'm doing in the future, so-"

"We know that, Josh," Serafall told him, bouncing where she sat like an excited child.

"We know what we are getting into. Don't worry," Yasaka added kindly.

Joshua's smile widened a little bit.

"I guess, if you really want to put up with me, I'll enjoy it until you realize I'm a mess," he commented before flinching as he felt something hit his head. Leaning down, he looked at Serafall's "magic staff" and the glare on her face… And on Yasaka's face.

"None of that," the Satan told him, all but pouting.

"I'm sorry, I just… Sorry. That was stupid."

"We know you have your insecurities, Joshua," Yasaka told him kindly, her glare receding for a moment. "But we've both chosen you, so, if nothing else, let that give you some confidence, will you?"

"I'll try," he answered, because that was as much as he could say at the moment in regards to that. "So, since you are the ones with a plan and all, what comes n-"

"Now," Serafall interrupted, making him turn towards her with a half-smile. Now with his mind slightly – very slightly – less scrambled, he almost expected that of her. "You are going to take me on a date, mister, because Yasaka's been insufferably smug about you two going on dates all the time."

"Dates? We haven't-"

He stopped himself and thought about that. Slowly, all the outings with Kunou came to mind. Did those count as dates? Kunou was there, but then again, people could bring their kids to dates… right? He wasn't too sure, but maybe that logic worked somehow?

"Stop being so childish, Serafall. You've been on dates with him too, on your own," the youkai woman pointed out and Joshua's brain screeched to a halt again before he blinked. 'I mean, we have gone to the cafe together alone a few times but… I mean… That's…'

He sighed.

"Just now realized, didn't you?" Yasaka asked, to which he gave her a defeated look and then brought his cup of tea to his lips. He needed something nice, warm and relaxing or he might just lose his mind. Besides, at least it looked like things were finally a little less… serious? Maybe?

Still, what was the world coming to when this kind of thing could happen to him?

"Silly Josh," Serafall said patronizingly then, hopping to stand next to him and patting his head.

"I feel like a fool," he mumbled.

"But you are a hot fool, so that's fine, right?" Serafall commented, making him choke on his tea. Well, that was one way to shock him, he supposed. When was the last time someone had called him that, if ever? Well, Kuroka threw comments like that at times, but she was just…

Well, Joshua thought she was just joking, at least.

"Serafall, don't mess with him," Yasaka told the other woman, drawing a pout from the Satan. "He's still processing things, don't you see? At least wait for a bit."

"Fine~"

"I'd have been much more grateful without that "wait for a bit", you know?" he commented, drawing giggles from both of them. Yeah, silly him, he supposed. Joshua sighed then, drinking some more tea. He was suddenly feeling very tired on top of being overwhelmed. His hand moved up to his chest, grabbing his locket and rubbing his thumb over it. "I guess I agreed too quickly, huh?"

"We'll make sure you don't regret it, Josh. I promise," Serafall told him happily, walking behind him and hugging him from behind. Surprisingly – or maybe not – that did make him feel better, more relaxed. This was happening, yes, and it was scary… But he was in good hands, he knew. There were very few that he'd trust more than these two and none that weren't family.

Speaking of.

"Kunou is going to be overjoyed," Joshua commented, drawing an even bigger smile from Yasaka and a chuckle from Serafall. Everyone knew that the girl wanted him to get with her mother and have a proper family. He'd thought that was just a dream before, of course, and had done his best not to give her too much hope without crushing her hopes either…

Evidently, he shouldn't have worried so much.

"Oh, you noticed that but didn't notice us?" Serafall asked, more amused than accusing. "Honestly, I was starting to wonder if you were aromantic or something. Because you are definitely not asexual, I did notice that much," she commented, making him tense up.

So, maybe he wasn't as discreet as he thought he was with his glances… In his defense, how was one supposed to not look at her or Yasaka? That was just impossible unless you were actually asexual… maybe even then. That was just unfair.

"So," he mumbled, gulping as he let go of the locket. Better to change the subject. "About that date?"

[}-o-{]​

"This is… surprisingly normal," Joshua commented, taking in the place Serafall had decided would be where their first official date would take place. It was… a cozy restaurant. He wasn't very sure where they were, but people spoke English, so there was that.

It wasn't a 5 star place, he knew that much, but it wasn't a cheap one either. It was just… a nice place. Seemed to be run by a family with some employees and the menu seemed pretty family recipe-ish. All in all, it was warm, somewhat unassuming establishment.

"I found this place some time ago," Serafall told him, smiling softly in a way very unlike her. "I know I'm kind of… weird at times, but I can like normal things too."

"I know that," he replied with a smile of his own. Then that smile turned into an embarrassed grimace as he brought a hand up and scratched his forehead. 'Am I really doing this?' he thought.

"Josh? Something the matter?" Serafall asked, looking a little concerned all of a sudden. "Maybe I should have waited a bit? I was a little excited by you did just go through that whole thing and I might-"

"Serafall," he interrupted, making her mouth click shut. He smiled then, a little amused. At least it was good to know that he wasn't the only nervous one. Sure, it was a little weird to see her, who was always so in control of herself in her own unique way, be like that too. "I'm just going to do something really embarrassing and stupid… And I might cringe to death."

"Yes?" she urged him, suddenly very interested, which didn't help him feel better.

"I made a promise some time ago, so now I gotta keep it, I guess," he added, gulping down his doubts and nervousness. Better to get it over with, he decided. Bringing his hand up, he flicked his fingers a bit, pulling out something from a Storage Spell. "Here," he mumbled, his focus being in not letting his hand tremble nor becoming an embarrassed mess.

Serafall, for her part, stared at the objects in his hand, her eyes widening slightly. Slowly, agonizingly so, the woman moved her own hands to take the offered gifts and bring them towards her. She didn't say anything after that, simply bringing the flowers to her face and breathing in their scent.

'Well, she's not laughing at me, so that's good?' he thought to himself, leaning back on his chair and feeling his face heat up. He felt like an idiot, but at least Serafall seemed to be fine with it? Having her say something would help, that was for sure. As it was, his mind continued torturing him with guesses.

"This is a very specific flower to give," Serafall mumbled, holding them with one hand while she softly caressed a petal with a finger of the other. She almost looked like she was afraid to break them or something. "Can I ask why?"

"Irises mean faith, courage, valor, hope and wisdom," he commented as calmly as he could, looking away. "Yellow ones imply passion," he added, choking a bit on that as he tried not to shut down. "But also joy and happiness… I thought they fit well enough. Hope for something good and joy and happiness… because that's what you make me think about. What you bring me… mean for me, I guess" he managed to say without stuttering or anything.

He brought a hand up to rub his locket once more, trying to calm down.

"I love them," Serafall told him, positively beaming as she continued holding the flowers in front of her. "Thank you, Josh."

"I'm just glad you liked it," he replied with an awkward smile. 'I guess you were right, mom,' he thought to himself, feeling a little more confident. Maybe he was just overthinking it. "Now, you know this place better than I do, any suggestions?"

"Of cou-"

"That aren't there some diabetes-inducing desserts?" he interrupted, making the Satan deflate and pout at him.

"Fine, ruin my fun…" she grumbled. "Meanie."

Joshua just laughed.

"Also," he continued, drawing a curious look from Serafall. "Can I call you Sera? It's a little awkward to call you Serafall when you call me Josh, for some reason," he commented. For whatever reason, that seemed to be the perfect thing to say, because the woman was all smiles immediately afterwards.

"Sure you can!"

Joshua smiled back at her then, feeling a little more confident. Maybe he could do this, after all. Now he just needed to-

"Something the matter?" he asked, looking as Serafall stood up from her seat and walked around the table towards him. Before he could say anything else she leaned down and his brain stopped working for a moment as he felt her soft lips on his.

"That," she said, standing straight once more and looking like a happy camper as she skipped back to her seat. "Is because of the flowers."

"... Glad you liked them," he mumbled, a little stunned. Then again, he should have known to expect the unexpected with Serafall. On that note, maybe he should have expected her to grab the collar of his shirt and pull him in for another kiss.

"And that's for the time I had to wait."

This time, Joshua simply remained silent, at a loss for words.

[}-o-{]​

"We could have gone somewhere, you know?" Joshua asked, feeling a little awkward sitting there where he was. They were just outside his house, on the back part facing Asia's garden. The girl herself was inside. Asia had easily agreed when he'd asked her if he could have the house to himself that night, simply having dinner a little earlier and going to her bedroom. She'd simply smiled and told him that she'd use the time to study some of the plant books he'd gotten her.

Kuroka and the Fallen had simply been ordered away and they were under especially watchful wards that he'd added that same day, just in case. They'd been a little unnerved by the sudden extra security, but Joshua didn't much care for that. Yasaka had wanted them to have a quiet night at home.

So, in light of that, Joshua had done his best to give her what she'd asked for.

They'd had a nice dinner that he'd prepared himself, pushing the limits of his Cooking skill. Other than that, they'd just talked. It was normal. The usual thing, basically. Not at all different from how meals were when they went out with Kunou, unlike the date with Serafall, which had been a sort of more intimate affair than how they usually were.

'I really had been going on dates with Yasaka all that time, huh?' he wondered as he sat next to Yasaka.

"We could have, but I didn't feel like going anywhere. I like just spending time with you, Joshua," the youkai woman told him, with that smile that made his insides twist and turn. "Besides, I wanted to focus just on the two of us. I have to say… I'm very glad that we can spend time like this now. It's not much different from what we usually did but-"

"It's different enough," he finished for her, receiving a smile in response. "Yeah, I think I get what you mean," he added, bringing a hand up to his locket and rubbing it with his thumb. It was the same as usual and some might call that boring… but Joshua appreciated that. He didn't know what Yasaka liked about it, but what he enjoyed was that it brought up the peace that the woman symbolized in his mind. That calm and comforting feeling was what he enjoyed about it, especially that night.

Now, he just needed to give her the flowers before he lost his nerve. Good thing that he at least knew it could go well. So, gathering his courage, he noticed Yasaka looking at him very intently. Too intently, actually, which…

"Serafall told you," Joshua said. He was guessing, of course. There was no way he could actually read Yasaka, but still…

"Yes, she did," she acknowledged with a kind smile as if nothing were wrong.

"Well, there goes that, I guess," he commented, making the flowers appear. He'd thought he'd wait until the end of the date this time, change things up a little. If she'd been waiting though, maybe he should have done it sooner. "I know they aren't the normal thing to give but…"

"But they have meaning," she finished for him, looking at the gift he'd brought for her. "And I like them. I have to ask though, is that because of my eyes? Because that's sweet," she commented, her amber eyes not moving away from the flowers. He could get where the comment came from, considering the petals of this one were yellow but progressively more brown towards the edges, giving them an amber look, like Yasaka's eyes.

"Brown irises symbolize security, stability and warmth," Joshua told her, a soft smile on his face as he passed them to her. "I don't think I have to explain, do I?"

"No, you don't," she answered, taking the flowers and looking at them. "This means more than what you are saying, don't they?"

"They do, and maybe I'll tell you one day," he told her, his hand back on his locket. "I'd like to keep that to myself, if it's all the same to you."

"I've had to wait for you before, Joshua. I can wait a bit more for this," she told him. "I'm just happy we can be together like this… truly so now," she added, looking at him and there was something in her eyes that stopped him from answering. Silenced, he could only watch as the woman slowly approached him.

Even expecting it, the kiss was a surprise, slow and tender where Serafall's had been fast and full of emotion. Joshua supposed that fit them, in its own way. As she pulled back with a smile, he was sure that he was mirroring her expression.

There was silence then, but as he looked at her, he held onto his locket still.

"Someone's going to love you some day, Joshua," he remembered his mother telling him. "It'll happen, and it'll change your life. You might not be the best with words or gestures, but let them know, alright? Maybe you can do what your father did for me to do so. He got me these iris flowers, red ones. Romantic passion and love, they mean. It was a whole silly gesture at the time, but very sweet.'

He was brought back to the present when Yasaka leaned forward again, placing a hand on his chest.

"No, I don't think I'm done with just that," she said, her voice low as she reached forward and kissed him again. Carefully but firmly, Joshua was pushed back until he was lying on the floor instead of sitting, with Yasaka on top of him.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

This chapter was painful to write. Even now, I just want to delete it all and change how things went. Alas, I can't do that.

Now, romance isn't my strong suit, I've said it a bunch of times already. It's just not something I'm good at, either in real life or in writing. So, I have a hard time with it. For the most part, I think I've managed to do a decent job in other stories of mine.

This one though? Oh God, please kill me.

And somehow my muse decided to write a whole chapter, longer than usual, dedicated entirely to this.

Ugh…

Anyway, I hope I didn't do as terrible a job as I think and that you enjoyed the chapter…

Ugh…

Random Question: Can you kill me, please?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 210 others
Adrian King
Jul 25, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 115 - I Feel You Radiating Energy
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#456
I Feel You Radiating Energy

Joshua brought his cup of tea to his lips and took a sip.

In front of him sat Yasaka, going through some paperwork with a slight smile on her face. It wasn't much, but it might as well have been her singing or something, considering that he'd always seen her just working through things with a serious expression. He brought his cup to his lips and took another sip, this time to hide a slight blush.

For some reason, Yasaka had gotten very affectionate after he gave her the flowers. He wasn't complaining, of course, but he wasn't sure why that had happened. His best guesses were that she either had really liked the gesture or her senses were giving her a rough idea of how important the gesture was for him… Or both? Then again, Joshua didn't trust his judgment in these instances anymore, so he'd rather appreciate some answers instead of having to try and figure it out.

Maybe he would ask her the next time they were alone.

As it was…

He turned to the side and looked at Kunou.

The girl was looking at her mother with furrowed brows and a tilt of her head. Evidently, she realized that something was going on, but she couldn't quite figure it out. It seemed that Yasaka hadn't told her yet. Joshua didn't even know how to even go about bringing the subject up. Was there a good way to tell someone's kid that you were dating their mother?

Granted, he was already acting as her father, so it likely wouldn't be too bad, but still… Joshua felt like it'd be terribly awkward regardless of how things ended up. Just the act of having to tell Kunou that felt weird. Or maybe it was just him feeling out of his depth still? That was equally as possible.

"Something's going on," Kunou said then, pursing her lips. It seemed that she had figured that much out indeed, but nothing else. "Did something happen, mom? I get Joshua being happy. He's been since he finished his spell, but you weren't like that before," she pointed out, narrowing her eyes.

Joshua, for his part, did the brave thing… And turned his eyes towards his own work, bringing his cup up to hide his face. It wasn't that he was throwing Yasaka to the kit fox… but he totally was. Surely she would deal with the whole thing better, right?

"I don't know, is something going on?" Yasaka asked and Joshua couldn't help but look at the woman. She was still wearing that slight smile on her face but now she was facing him. He could almost see her telling him to man up and say it. Why did it have to be him? It could be her, right?

"So, Joshua is involved?" Kunou asked, getting a little more excited. Little one was probably already coming up with ways this could mean they were closer, he bet. She was easy to read like that, at least. If only Joshua could have realized that her mother was of a similar mind…

"I don't know, is he?" Yasaka asked, having entirely too much fun. It was kind of new, to see her so… carefree. 'She's that happy now?' Joshua wondered, a little surprised.

Because sure, he was pretty happy with things. No way he wouldn't be, with two women like Serafall and Yasaka in a relationship with him. It was all a little muted down by the fact that he was constantly on the verge of freaking out and/or devolving into a pessimistic mess. Maybe once he got a little more confidence in things, he'd feel a lot more happy.

Still, it was a little weird to see someone that was usually very calm and collected like Yasaka looking so playful. Or maybe he was reading too much into things? She had shown sides like that before, right? 'God, I'm a mess,' Joshua thought, holding back a groan and dragging his hand over his face.

"Joshua! Mom is being mean!" Kunou whined, making him turn towards her and then giving Yasaka an unimpressed expression. The woman didn't even have the decency to look sheepish. Instead, she just brought a hand up and giggled behind it. "What's going on? What happened?"

"You are making me say it on purpose, right?" he asked Yasaka, temporarily ignoring Kunou. The girl was too curious with this new bit of information, however, so it wasn't really a problem.

"A little bit," Yasaka told him, still giggling. "A little fun revenge for making me wait and being so clueless."

"I resemble that," he grumbled, drawing a snort from the woman, who looked a breath away from going for a full on laugh. He didn't remember ever hearing her do that, so it was tempting to try and push it. As it was, Kunou had grown tired and was poking him with her finger. "Stop poking me, will you?"

"Then tell me!" she demanded, to which he raised an eyebrow. "... Please?"

"That's better," he told her with a nod.

Then he looked at Yasaka, who was determined to be as unhelpful as possible, looking entirely too amused. Taking a deep breath in, he wondered how to best go about it. He looked at Kunou then, looking all curious at him and he remembered how happy she was whenever she saw him have a good interaction with Yasaka, even when it wasn't anything remotely romantic…

'Eh, fuck it,' he decided.

"Serafall, Yasaka and I are in a relationship now. The two of us had a date yesterday," he explained, smiling a little at the wide-eyed look on Kunou's face. "But I think your mother looks like that because she likes making me suffer due to my very, very poor social skills… Or she likes teasing you," he added, trying to steer things away from the awkward part a little bit.

"Or both," Yasaka pointed out, making him look at her, unimpressed. The woman did her best to look innocent, which worked about as well for her as it did with Kunou. Not at all.

"Yes!" Kunou cried out, apparently having finished processing this new information he'd just thrown at her. "Yesyesyes! This is the best, you are the best!" she exclaimed, throwing her arms around Joshua and attempting to squeeze him to death, by the feel of things.

With a slight smile and a nervous chuckle, he wrapped his own arms around her.

"This is the best day ever!" Kunou said against his chest, her voice full of emotion. That made Joshua go from amused and nervous to touched and a little sad, he'd admit. He thought it said something about her that she was so happy to have a chance at a complete family now.

She was crying.

"Thank you," she muttered. "Thank you, mom," she added and Joshua turned his eyes towards the woman. Yasaka was still smiling, but she brought a hand up and wiped a tear that hadn't managed to fall yet from her eye. "You are both the best."

"Well, you are not so bad yourself, brat," he told her softly, placing a hand on her head and as she continued pressing against his chest.

"Not a brat," she mumbled. Still, Kunou couldn't quite stop herself from giggling all the same with how happy she was. "... Does that mean I have to call Serafall mom too?" she asked after a long moment.

"You can ask her, but I don't think she'll mind if you don't," he answered before he could stop himself. That was probably something for Yasaka to decide, he was sure. However, when he turned towards the woman, a little alarmed, she just smiled at him and nodded her agreement with that.

"Ok, that's fine then," Kunou said then, her voice still muffled by his shirt. That response still sounded weird to him, but he guessed he'd have to get used to it. The type of relationship he was in now was at least kind of normal for these people, he had to remind himself. 'Don't complain about a good thing,' he told himself. "That's fine. This is great."

"Well, glad you are happy," he said, and somehow Kunou managed to squeeze harder.

"I cried on your shirt, dad," Kunou mumbled then, sounding even more like a kid than she usually did. She pulled away a little then, keeping a hold of his shirt with her hands but otherwise making some space between them as she looked at the wet spot on his shirt. "Sorry."

"Don't worry about it, Kunou," he reassured her with a smile. "Now, how about we celebrate tonight, my place, full meal and a magic show."

"And ice cream?" the girl asked, sounding and looking entirely too adorable.

"And ice cream," he agreed.

"You are the best, dad."

"The best or the best dad?" he asked with a grin.

"Yes," she answered with a matching expression.

[}-o-{]​

"Thank you for agreeing to this, sir."

"Soren is fine, young man," Lord Sitri replied where he sat. He probably would have looked a lot more prim and proper if he were fine. Affected by the Sleep Disease as he was, however, the man was slumped against his seat and looking like he was about to faint. "Especially since I can take a guess or two," the man added and Joshua very purposely decided not to try and understand that.

Serafall, Yasaka and him were keeping things between themselves for the moment, and that was how he liked it, really. Kunou was the only one that knew what was up and if he could keep it like that, Joshua would be happy. It probably wouldn't stay like that for long, but he could enjoy that while it lasted.

Regardless, according to both Yasaka and Serafall, things probably benefited a lot from them waiting too. On top of making things easier for him – which he felt a little guilty about, honestly – there was the fact that he was now a verified high ranked person in a Pantheon. The Egyptian might not be the strongest or most present at the moment, but they were known and had at least one very strong presence to speak of. That meant that he wasn't some "peasant courting women out of his league" which would likely cause problems for everyone involved.

It was a bit… uncomfortable, to think about all that, but Yasaka and Serafall seemed happy to chat away about it all, so Joshua just let them be. If he needed to do something, they'd tell him. Politics were really not his thing and he'd been relying on them for that kind of thing since forever. No need to change things up now, especially when he was sure he'd mess things up.

"Wouldn't that be disrespectful, Lord Sitri?" Joshua asked, trying to act professional as he checked the room to decide how to best set up his spells. He'd been allowed to check on Lord Sitri for his Sleep Disease research, which would be invaluable information, really.

Misla was a patient with the disease, of course, but knowing how it progressed and being able to see it first hand? That would give a lot of new information. He had theories on how the disease worked, but if he could confirm some of those… It'd certainly help his progress regardless, he was sure.

"I think it's more disrespectful to ignore someone's preferred way of being addressed, don't you?" Lord Sitri asked, his tone joking, if weary. That actually made Joshua laugh, which seemed to surprise the man.

"Sorry, it's just… I think I've had conversations about that. I was on the other side of things though," he explained, shaking his head. "Everyone insists on calling me Mr. Davis and I'd really rather they don't. I've gotten better about that, but I really didn't like that some time ago."

"So…" Lord Sitri prodded, making him roll his eyes.

"So, I guess I'll do as you say, Soren," he replied, making the man chuckle weakly. "Now, I'm going to start setting up the wards, ok? I might have to ask you a few questions once I start getting the information from those, alright? Just to make sure Serafall didn't lie to me, you are okay with me setting up wards, hexes and boons here, right?"

"I am and I'm sure my daughter wouldn't appreciate you calling her a liar," the devil told him, looking fairly amused all things considered. "Now… I think you should get started. I don't know how long I'll be able to stay awake."

"That's fine, Soren. Readings will be different, but any information is good for me right now. I need all I can get to try and find a way around this," Joshua told the man, finding the best spot he could and pulling out all the circles and foci from a storage spell that left them exactly where they needed to be. Once that was done, he started casting the spells in the necessary order.

As he did, he started getting the information sent straight to his brain. The spells only covered the one room, so there was literally nothing to pick up on other than Lord Sitri's condition. Joshua was joining the devil in feeling tired, since this set of spells was entirely powered by himself. He might have had a major boost in his stats, but powering an array like the one he had just set up was draining all the same.

Too many different things that required too much power because of how specific and power intensive they were. On top of that, just as his magic reserves had grown, so had his skills in regards to magic. His spells were much more powerful now, and that meant requiring more power. If anything, he wondered if his magic boost hadn't quite been enough.

However, it was worth it, because he was already picking up on a bunch of different readings compared to the ones from Sairaorg's mother. Between his new and/or adapted spells and the boost on skills, things were already paying off plenty. Still, he needed to take a moment to process all that, taking a notebook to write down the highlights so he could more easily keep track of everything.

'Magic doesn't seem to be drained, even in small amounts. I need further info on that to make sure but it's not ridiculously small or something,' Joshua mused to himself, closing his eyes and checking on some other things. 'Life energy seems mostly fine, weak but fine. Back to the magic, it seems to be a little… There's something going on there… I need a more deep look into that. Something's off but I'm not sure what. Physically, there doesn't seem to be anything wrong, even with added spells to Misla's last results. So it's almost definitely nothing to do with that-'

"Are you courting my daughter?"

Joshua blinked and then turned towards Lord Sitri with wide eyes.

"Are you, Joshua?" the man asked. He didn't seem angry, or amused, or anything. Didn't even seem curious, really. He just seemed… calm.

"What makes you say that?" he asked back, surprised. He was asking that honestly, really, because he had never seen these people. So, unless Serafall had given the game away somehow…

"A father knows this kind of thing, I'm sure you'll find out someday," Lord Sitri told him, which only made Joshua feel more awkward. And that was saying something, truly. "She was quite happy these last few days," the man told him then, smiling a little. "And then her expression brightened even more when she brought you up about this."

"We have been good friends for a while. You probably know that," Joshua replied. He was fairly sure that he was giving the game away himself by not actually saying no, but he didn't want one of his first interactions with Serafall's father to be with a blatant lie like that. Serafall had never said anything bad about the man, so surely he was fine knowing too.

"I do know, which is why I know she likes you and that there was something different this time," the man explained. "I guess I get why you are keeping it all under wraps for now. Serafall is in a difficult position and so are you, from what she says. Just… take care of my daughter, yeah?"

There was something there, something that he realized after but a second of thought.

"... You can take care of her yourself, Soren," Joshua said then, keeping his tone even as he continued working.

"I could fall asleep right now and not wake up for who knows how long. My daughter believes you can do this, and that means I do, but that doesn't mean it'll happen soon," Lord Sitri told him, not angry nor amused, but resigned. "It puts things into perspective, I guess. So, will you?"

"Fairly sure she'll be the one taking care of me, but I'll do what I can," Joshua replied in the end.

"From the man that cracked a devil bloodline into a spell that humans can use, got the backing of an entire pantheon and is now attempting to cure an incurable devil disease… I don't think you know how reassuring that is," Soren commented, chuckling wearily. "I'm going to sleep soon, I think. It's funny, really. I don't want to, I never do now… And yet I can't stop myself… Young one…"

Joshua wanted to reach out and keep the man awake, but that wasn't how it worked. Victims of the Sleep Disease would fall asleep just like that, exhausted and all but passing out. There was no stopping it and trying to force the issue seemed to make things worse.

"Yes, Soren?"

Instead, he needed to focus and do his job. This was a great moment to pick up information from his spells. He just needed to focus and get all that he could.

"... Nevermind… I'm sure my wife will tell you…" Lord Sitri mumbled, very visibly drifting off. "You said… you would have… questions?"

"Yes," Joshua answered immediately. After that, he started asking the devil all the questions he could come up with. He tried to make them as simple as he could, since Soren looked a breath away from passing out. He didn't want to go for something that would need a long answer, but he needed as much information as he could get. So, he spent a good few minutes asking a lot of yes or no questions and others that would only require a single word answer.

Eventually though, he ran out of time.

"See you soon, Joshua Davis."

"See you soon, Soren," he replied, pausing his writing to look at the man. That felt like a goodbye, but it could not be one. Chances were that the man would wake up, maybe a little sooner, maybe a little later, but it was the most probable, given how advanced his Sleep Disease was.

And yet, there was always the chance that maybe he was unlucky.

Maybe he wouldn't wake up.

'But I'll wake him up anyway,' he thought, thinking of Sairaorg's mother. He thought of Serafall, and Sairaorg, and Sona, and everyone that was affected by this besides the actual victims. He would cure them.

At the back of his mind, the Pantheon agreed.

And Joshua, going back to work, made a decision.

'Break's over, I guess.'

[}-o-{]​

[Kuroka]

"Say, you haven't been playing with us much~!" she said, skipping around Davis as he sat on the floor in the middle of the training facilities in his house. "You haven't forgotten about us, have you? It's bad manners to pick up strays and then-"

"I'd really appreciate it if you could leave me be," Davis interrupted, not opening his eyes nor moving from his spot.

"But I get lonely. Don't you get lonely, Josh~?" she asked, pouting at the man. She knew he knew everything that went on inside his wards, after all. They were always watching, every day a little more. "Because if you want company, I can help with that~"

She'd wear him down, she knew. She was more than attractive, after all, and men loved to have the attention of women like her. They were easy like that. He was just playing hard to get, that was all. Kuroka could be patient though. For a man of such strength, power and heart? She sure could.

After all, one didn't need to be a genius to know that Davis was strong. Being in the presence of his spells at all times made sure Kuroka did know that. Especially as of late, when his spells seemed to suddenly be a whole lot stronger for some reason. Neither did one have to be a genius to know he held power, considering he seemed pretty close to some very powerful faction leaders.

And then there was his heart, which had taken a bit more but nowhere near a long time. There were plenty of examples in his house alone, with his sister or the nun. Besides that, however, the most evident clue on this were his familiars. The bond he shared with them, the feelings on that bond. That couldn't be faked.

It was beautiful.

"I've told you, Kuroka. Stop with the jokes," Davis replied stubbornly. Seriously, what was wrong with him? Especially with that response. He always seemed to say something along those lines, really.

"Who says I'm joking~?" she asked, smiling widely and leaning her body down when she saw that he'd opened his eyes. Sure enough, they darted down for a moment before they went back up. Men were easy. "Because I can tell you I'm not. We could ignore the audience and get acquainted," she suggested with a mock-coy smile.

"I'd rather not," Davis replied without hesitating whatsoever.

That stung a little, honestly.

"Come on~ We can just sit down and talk for a bit. I can tell you all kinds of things about myself that I'm sure you'd enjoy," she offered, pushing her arms together to accentuate her chest. "And you can tell me some things about yourself. Like, I'd love to know what's up with the illusions on your arms," she pointed out with a wide smile that widened when his eyes did. Then she reached with her senjutsu towards that particular spell. "Are you hiding a friendship bracelet because that'd be very cute-"

Those weren't bracelets.

The illusion snapped into place in a second.

Just as fast.

"You don't know when to stop, do you?" Davis asked and Kuroka took a hesitant step back. When she saw him start to stand up, she wished she could make herself disappear. She might have miscalculated a little, it seemed. "Do you?" the man insisted and blue eyes locked onto hers, pinning her in place just as much as his spells did when they shifted.

Suddenly, she felt like she was in shackles, shackles that gnawed at her and burned at the same time.

"I asked you a question," Davis said then, walking until he was face to face with her. Were the circumstances different, she might have really liked that. As it was…

"I don't," she whispered, feeling her heart clench as killing intent washed over her. "I'm very sorry."

"I'm sure you are," Davis growled and then something shifted. The most glaring change was his eyes. No longer were they steely blue. Instead, they were pitch black now. When his lips pulled back into a snarl, she saw that his canines had grown longer too. "I'm a very busy man. I really, really can't be bothered with your games. I'm not interested in you. I never was and I'm never going to be," he told her then.

Kuroka would have felt a little hurt if it weren't for the fear she was starting to feel. Not only from the spells, or Davis' appearance change. No, there was more going on. There was a growing presence around them, around him. Something was going on there. She felt like she was in front of a…

A god.

Her eyes widened.

"So, you'll stay the fuck away from me. You won't do this stupid little joke about being interested in me. Because if you are playing games, then I don't care. If you aren't, then you are as dumb as I thought you were when I caught you being a Khaos Brigade member," Davis told her, bringing his hand up and poking a finger harshly against her forehead. "Get it into your head. I'm not your friend. I'm not your ally. All I am right now, is the guy that offered his house to a criminal because he felt like there might be more to her than he and everyone saw."

Taking a deep breath in and then letting it out with a sigh, Davis seemed to calm down a bit. His teeth and eyes went back to normal and the pressure all but disappeared.

"So far, I think I might have been wrong," he added. "Now, go away."

And away Kuroka went.

She might have miscalculated indeed.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Hm, all in all, I like this chapter. Certainly feel better about this one than I did the last one. Quite the change from how awfully uncertain I felt, I gotta say.

Speaking of, I want to thank everyone that reassured me about the last chapter. I really needed those comments and I want you to know that you made me feel a lot better about it. Thank you.

With that said, I hope you enjoyed this chapter.

Random Question: Do you like beer? I do.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 206 others
Adrian King
Jul 25, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 116 - If We Can Make It in the End
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#457
If We Can Make It in the End

[Joshua Davis]

Delving into the divinity of the Minor Blessing of Egypt was proving to be… something.

Joshua wasn't too sure how to go about even explaining it, if he were honest. He'd thought it was more or less the same as before, just flexing it like a muscle that had always been there, like the blessing of Set seemed to have been. Instead, it had changed into something else entirely.

Maybe it was the much greater amount of divinity.

Maybe it was a new approach that the deities had taken this time.

Maybe it was something related to his status as Great Column/Pharaoh, even if he didn't have the title equipped.

Regardless of the reason, the fact was that this was now very different from before. He needed to work on it, get used to it. There were things to test out and things to try. He'd been doing that when Kuroka had decided to be a fucking idiot and he'd found out something both interesting and concerning.

He couldn't tap into the entire divinity as a whole. Instead, he could reach and tap into the divinity of one deity at a time. At that very moment, however, Set had reached out to him instead of the other way around. Joshua wondered why that was, but there were a bunch of reasons to explain such an action. One, because he was a god of chaos, so it checked out that he'd do something randomly. Two, he wasn't a particularly nice god, so helping Joshua in a moment of anger and negativity made sense. Three, the god might or might not have a soft spot for him, he supposed.

After all, he often got a sense of approval from Set, concerningly enough.

Those were his guesses, at least.

At least the Pantheon didn't seem to care overly much about that, if the mostly amused feelings he got through his link to them was any indication. Joshua took some solace in that fact, at least. He rather doubted many of the gods would be on board if Set were scheming something. They also would know, he imagined, and if not, they'd help if something ever happened.

And if that didn't work, at least Joshua had people on his corner that would help him deal with that.

Sitting down, Joshua reached inside himself, touching the divinity and following it towards Shed's side. Lines formed on his skin, symbols and designs that he didn't know the meaning of. Taking a deep breath in, he tried to process the new senses he got.

Joshua could definitely understand how a god could decide to focus on their domain's feelings. He himself thought he might get lost in those. There were many new things to experience. He could feel all the animals close by, for example, but he could also feel them across the world, some more strongly than others. The more dangerous and wilder the animal, the more they seemed to stand out. He could feel people saving others, be it doctors, firefighters, policemen and many more. He could feel hunters, animal or human, stalking their prey or preparing to out looking for them.

It was overwhelming, but also… comfortable.

Like laying in bed during winter, soothing and so very tempting to just stay.

With all those things came strength that he didn't have, even after all the boosts he got. His normal senses felt sharper, his fingers more dexterous. Taking out a dagger from a Storage Spell, he threw it at a target away from him. His aim had never held so true, the motion flowing as easy as breathing.

'Neat,' he thought, feeling the god's proud and happy feelings bleed over into him. It was concerningly smooth, that part, which made Joshua worry that he might be… Not possessed, but influenced by whatever god he decided to "channel" for lack of a better word.

As it was, he was just lucky he hadn't lost control against Kuroka when Set had reached through. It was also fortunate that it felt like it'd be easy to sever the connection on his side. He hadn't tried it then, but he was fairly sure that applied even if a deity decided to take things into their own hands, like the chaos god had.

Joshua just needed to get the hang of it, which was why he was trying to channel those gods that struck him as the best. Shed was his first choice, from there… Well, he'd had some talks with Yasaka and Serafall in regards to where to go from there. There were some gods that they thought would be good choices. Joshua imagined he could ask Shed about where to go with that list.

Several deities had taken some offense with the "screening process", but none had actually decided to cause trouble. Either they were very patient, had thicker skin than he expected, or Joshua was held in higher regard than he thought. Regardless, he didn't want to bet on that with anything, much less his life or that of others.

The fact that several beings agreed and approved of that through his link was both good and bad, honestly. Were they approving of that because it expressed humility? Or were they agreeing with his assessment that he was not that special? Was it something else?

Even after their bout of honesty and openness, the Egyptian Pantheon seemed to have gone right back to being vague as fuck.

Joshua wasn't a fan.

'Things just can't be easy no matter what, can they?' he wondered, sighing. As he did though, he felt the Fallen coming back to the training facilities. They were a bit on edge as they did, especially when they saw him there. The trio had been… frankly terrified when they felt his shift with the whole Kuroka thing. Evidently, they felt like they were walking on an edge even more than they already did.

Unsurprisingly though, Raynare still walked up to him regardless of how she felt. She was determined, Joshua could give her that much. If anything, she seemed even more eager about working with him, for whatever reason.

"Do you need assistance with your training?" she asked, and Joshua regarded her for a long moment.

As he did, an idea occurred to him. One that had plenty of approval from the gods through his link and that was all that he needed to decide to go for it. Reaching in, he tapped into a particular pool of divinity. He felt the shift again, much stronger than with Shed. On his head, entire parts of his hair turned to golden feathers instead of blonde fringes.

"You up for some sparring?" he asked, his voice shifting into something sharper, deeper.

"Always," Raynare answered, half filled with trepidation and half with excitement.

Well, it seemed that Joshua would have someone to test his new powers with.

[}-o-{]​

"Almost missed this," Joshua commented as he walked around the battlefield. Many an enemy was pressed to the ground as he walked around with the Fallen sending Light Spears everywhere around. Jeanne was off to the side, a little further away, having gotten a little excited and gone off on her own. He kept an eye on her just in case he needed to get involved but so far things were good.

Evidently, the time off they'd had had only meant they were stronger than before. On top of that, with his progress due to the Quest rewards, this was basically a walk in the park now, even more than before. He could have just ended the fight as soon as it started, but this was good training for the Fallen and Jeanne. It'd add experience.

Besides, this was also great for gathering data on several fronts. His spells were sensing everything inside the boundaries he'd set up, telling him all that he needed to know about what everyone was doing. Tapping into Nephthys, he felt the essence of magic around them and how it bent to the wills of the Hexennacht magicians around and, more importantly, himself.

He now could understand why the goddess said magic loved him.

It twisted to what he needed far more easily than it did everyone else around. It seemed to go out of its way to weave itself in the right shapes that he needed to make everything go more smoothly. It made every spell feel like running with favorable wind, now that he could better appreciate it with an enhanced sense of it.

He wondered if that was the system or a natural talent of some kind.

Joshua ran his fingers through his now long, straight and black hair. It had never been quite like that, even when he'd let it grow, but this was affected by the change in appearance that channeling one of the gods caused. As it was, even with his often weary look, the bags under his eyes had never held the pitch black color that they had at that very moment, as if he were using makeup.

He wasn't sure he was a fan of looking different for every god, but it was a small price to pay, really.

"Josh!" Jeanne called, making him turn towards her. He didn't need to, since his spells were telling him pretty much everything, but it was basically a reflex, really. His Parasitising Hexes drained a spell into non-existence before it was even halfway towards his sister. "This yours?" the girl asked calmly to which he snorted.

She was getting entirely too used to battlefields… Which was a good thing, he supposed.

"Yeah," he replied, starting to walk towards the mage that had attempted to attack his sister. The old woman was, very understandably, scared out of her wits. Unsurprisingly, Hexennacht was starting to realize that they weren't some nobodies. With more and more of their bases falling, there was no way they were confident in dealing with the attacks anymore. "You can surrender and be taken like the criminals you are," he said as he approached them. "Or you can try to fight back. The choice is yours."

Immediately, the woman put her hands up. The same couldn't be said about some guy behind her, who raised his hand and spoke a chant. The circle appeared and the old woman moved away, crying out about him being an idiot.

Which he was.

Joshua tilted his head, letting his spells neutralize the attack before it could reach him. Margalo chose that moment to land on his shoulder and chirp something innocently, like a curious child. 'He was actually that stupid, yes,' he thought to his familiar as he considered the young man.

After a second of wondering what to do, he decided that this was as good a time to test something as any. Flexing his fingers he reached towards the one inactive spell he'd cast around the place. 'Time for summer to shine,' Joshua thought. He'd already tested Fall and Winter, after all. Might as well try and get them all done, see how they worked.

So, he targeted the spell on this man and the magic immediately reached towards him. It scanned the man, reading his magic flow to the last detail before going through with its purpose. The spell took a hold of the man's magic from inside him, wrenching control away from the natural flow of the energy. And then…

It pushed.

The magic inside the man's body was made to flow as it normally would, but much faster. Like someone had taken a video of it and then sped it up to five times the usual. The effect was immediate and a little shocking, but not completely unexpected.

The man blew up.

"... That was… summer, right?" he heard Mittelt ask from behind him as everyone looked at the small red stain on the ground, the only remains left from the young man that had tried to attack them. The battlefield had gone silent then, as everyone turned to look at what had happened. Especially those Hexennacht members closer to where the young man had been.

"Yes, it was," he confirmed with a nod as he looked curiously at the result of his experiment. It was disturbing, admittedly, but not all that different from just using a regular magic attack or stabbing someone to death, as far as he was concerned. One could say this was kinder than some, since the man had died almost instantly. "So, how's it gonna be?" he asked the people around. "My spell could use some more testing," he added idly.

Immediately, everyone dropped to the ground.

"Well, now I have to deal with this, I guess," he mumbled, letting go of Nephthys' divinity and running his fingers through his hair.

"I could do it," Raynare offered, making him turn and raise an eyebrow. That was a little more… helpful than she tended to be, but she seemed to be getting more and more… deferential as time went by, which was all sorts of weird. However, Joshua wasn't going to let the chance to not have to deal with the whole thing pass him by.

He just needed to make sure she'd do a good job.

"Go ahead," he told her, flexing the magic of his spells a bit to make the threat clear.

As she left and started barking orders for her fellow Fallen and some of the surrendered magicians, Joshua turned his attention towards the bloodstain on the ground. 'That was interesting,' he thought with a tilt of his head, pondering on some of the info he'd picked up during the brief moment between the spell activation and the death.

He went over that and what he'd learned of Project Winter.

'Hm, I think I need more data on both,' he thought, turning to look at the Hexennacht magicians around. He was suddenly hoping one of them would try something. If they decided to be stupid and he needed to deal with them, well, it was just convenient that he also had spells to test out, right?

'I might have become an awful person,' Joshua considered. However, he was an awful person that was dating – 'Doesn't feel like the right word for it.' – two very awesome women somehow. So… He couldn't be that bad, right?

He chuckled in disbelief.

'Man, I feel like it'll take a while for that to fully sink in.'

[}-o-{]​

Kunou giggled to herself, making Joshua and Yasaka share a fond, if slightly exasperated, look.

It seemed that the girl had gone through a whole new illusion project after she found out about the change in their relationship. Either that or she'd made it some time ago without him noticing. She'd tinkered a spell that made it so that pink hearts popped up and floated about between them. It was a little awkward but funny at first. After an hour, it had gotten old really quick.

Kunou giggled again.

At least she was having a good time.

"I do hope that you are doing your homework, or there won't be any spellcrafting time for you, just saying," Joshua commented, making Kunou gasp and turn towards her very much not done homework. "Honestly," he muttered, rolling his eyes.

No that he wanted to ruin her fun, but she did need to get that done.

Across from them, Yasaka giggled behind her hand. She seemed to be a lot more open about… pretty much everything, as long as they were alone. It was very nice to see, he had to admit. It was also a little sad though, that she had to be so guarded most of the time.

"Have I told you how much I like seeing you be a father to her?" Yasaka asked then, taking his insides and twisting them with no effort at all. He looked down at his own work. He had never been good at taking compliments regarding stuff that he wasn't confident in. The system had helped him by making him more confident on stuff, like his spell crafting.

That only stretched so far though.

"Not much? At least, not that I can remember right now," he mumbled, tapping on the edge of the paper he had been working on before. It wasn't like he was going to do any work right then and there with his mind effectively made useless. "It's nice to know I'm not messing up."

"You are great, dad," Kunou told him, poking his arm and smiling at him.

"You only say that because I spoil you rotten," he replied with a matching grin. "I appreciate that anyway though," he added, leaning to the side so that he'd push her a little.

"I mean it," Yasaka told him then, earning his full attention once more, even if he was still feeling awkward. "You do a very good job, despite your doubts," she reassured him and Joshua let out a breath he hadn't known he'd been holding.

"Thanks," he replied. Feeling a little better, he decided to continue that conversation in a slightly different direction. "You do a lot better than you think too," he told her, making the woman's eyes widen a bit. 'Come on, that's enough awkwardness for today. Just man up,' he thought to himself, trying to find his long lost backbone. "I know you feel guilty about not making enough time for Kunou and not being able to let her be a kid, but you are an amazing mother. You should be proud."

"You should, mom!" Kunou was quick to agree, perking up and forgetting about her homework once more.

"Thank you," Yasaka said then, smiling widely. "I guess I deserve that turnabout."

"You do," Joshua replied with a nod and a chuckle. "Speaking of making time for Kunou-"

"No, I've already told you that I won't accept more help, Joshua," Yasaka interrupted, her expression turning into a glare that everyone knew she didn't mean. He simply grinned at her.

"I mean, you said we shouldn't because people would assume I'm courting you… but that's not that much of a problem anymore, is it?" he told her, and he was pretty proud of the slight pink dusting that his question caused on the woman's cheeks.

"You know very well that there's more to it than that," she told him, looking like she was making an effort to appear annoyed and failing.

"I mean, yes, we are kind of keeping it secret and all still… but it'll get out eventually," he replied, waving things off. "Besides, it shouldn't be too much of a problem once it becomes known that I have the backing of the Egyptian Pantheon, you said that yourself. If someone wants to cause problems, we can deal with them."

"... I like that you said "we" there," she replied, the smile winning the battle to appear on her face.

"Great, so-"

"Still no."

He deflated.

Kunou giggled.

And the pink hearts were back, unsurprisingly.

Margalo even joined with a little song from where she sat on a corner, the lil' shit.

[}-o-{]​

[Rosar Phenex]

"What you are saying basically means that you can take away the spells from us if you feel like it!" he said, growing more and more insulted as the current discussion went on. The man across from him remained entirely unconcerned regarding his anger. If anything, he looked like he was dealing with a particularly troublesome kid.

Rosar wanted to burn him to ashes.

"I mean, you are not wrong," the human had the gall to say. "This is still a deal. I can't just take it away for no reason. All I'm saying is that I won't allow you to use my spell to support yourself in a war I don't agree with. I'm not giving you the option to do that through a loophole of any kind. I refuse."

"Mr. Davis, surely we can come to an agreement regarding this," Lucifer said then, joining the conversation for once. Rosar didn't know if that was good or bad. The former Gremory had a lot hanging on this deal getting through, since it involved his sister being free of the marriage contract with Riser. On the one hand, that meant that he wanted to make sure the deal happened. On the other hand… that meant that he wanted to make sure the deal happened.

Whether it happened in favor of Rosar or not, it didn't matter.

"This is non-negotiable," the human said then, not harshly but firmly. It was a tone that Rosar very much doubted that many would take with Sirzechs Lucifer himself. If he weren't so vexing an existence, he'd have respected Joshua Davis. "I won't let you use my spell for war unless I agree with you in said conflict."

"Joshua-" Leviathan started then, reminding Rosar of her presence and the fact that he very much still had reservations in regards to both Satans. He'd done some research and it was easy to find out that Joshua Davis was part of the former Sitri's silly little kids' show. There was a connection there, obviously.

The problem was still the Egyptian Pantheon. Even if the three of them were conspiring together, Rosar couldn't do anything. There was an entire Pantheon backing things up. Even if Davis and the two Satans were close, or even friends, it would make no difference. The Egyptians would still have their own reasons for anything they did in regards to this deal.

"No," Davis interrupted. The human interrupted the Satan Leviathan. "This, is, non, negotiable," he repeated, firmly. Then, in the blink of an eye Rosar and his wife both felt it, probably together with Lucifer, his wife and Leviathan. A pressure that hadn't been there before radiated from the human. He hadn't so much as twitched, but the entire setting had shifted. "You'll agree to this, or this deal is off. As simple as that," Davis said, stating that as a fact more than anything else.

Nobody said anything for a long moment, causing the human to tilt his head.

"I think you are forgetting something, Phenex," he commented then. "I don't have to make this deal with you. I'm doing this so that you will get something out of this and won't decide to throw a tantrum instead. I'm trying to be nice and let you get a win out of this very bad situation for you," he explained, his voice measured. "If you decide to be too difficult, I can and will decide to not bother and do as I want. I'm sure there'll be a lot of people very happy with you if you do that… and a lot that won't be."

"Are you threatening me?" Rosar asked, unable to help himself and immediately feeling his wife's nails digging into his thigh. That might not have been his best moment, admittedly.

"So nice of you to notice," Davis replied, as if he was genuinely happy that he had, indeed, noticed the threat. "Maybe I'll be extra petty and decide to replicate more Devil Bloodlines, blame it on you too. I'm sure that would go really well with everyone."

Rosar felt his face pale then, imagining that scenario. If his whole family got a quick death after that, then it'd be a fortunate event. Suddenly, he found himself re-evaluating his opinion of Davis. He'd been terrifying and impressive enough before.

Now, Rosar was moving him up in his list until he was right next to the Satans.

As swiftly as it had come, the pressure left then, Rosar watching as Davis relaxed on his seat.

"I do hope you understand things a little better now," he said then, piercing blue eyes staring straight at Rosar. He gulped. "I'm willing to compromise on a lot of things, but if you try to abuse this deal and my spell, then I'll make sure you regret it. You don't want to cross me, Phenex."

To that, Rosar nodded slowly.

"... I'm sure we can trust you to decide when to best apply this… clause," his wife said then, joining the conversation for once. Davis turned towards her and smiled. Not mockingly, but actually pleased.

"Thank you for the vote of confidence," the human replied, as if the entire previous interaction hadn't happened. "I assure you, I don't want to take advantage of such an open statement, but I don't want to risk things. I'll be as fair as I can be with you, your family and your faction, Phenex."

Rosar certainly wanted to believe that, because if the man wasn't, then this "deal" could very well end up with them being completely screwed.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, we are going back to the routine, it seems…

Or are we?

I don't know, but I guess we'll see. There's always moving pieces, even when it seems like everything's slowing down and stopping. The background characters are always doing their thing, whether we see it or not.

Maybe I should be showing that? Probably, but I like focusing on my characters and their lives better. Day to day life might not be the most interesting thing in the world, but this story is about Joshua, his struggles, his victories, his defeats and his moments of peace and quiet. All of it is what we'll see.

Hope you don't mind that, and that you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How are you doing? I'm doing fairly well, all things considered. Only things to complain about is my writing which is kind of slow as of late (before anyone comments on it, no I'm not writing these chapters this quick. I'm just crossposting from FFN) and I've started exercising this week and my everything hurts.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 207 others
Adrian King
Jul 25, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 117 - Would You Say We Are Doing Alright?
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#458
Would You Say We Are Doing Alright?

"That was hot," Serafall told him once the meeting with the Phenex was done and they were alone, walking through the halls of Yasaka's place towards the room they usually stayed at. With a sigh, Joshua brought the can of beer in his hand to his mouth. "What's with that reaction?!" the Satan exclaimed, scandalized and pouting.

"You say that because you know it makes things awkward for me, don't you?" he asked, with a wry smile.

"And because it's true," Serafall replied with a nod and a smile on her face. Joshua only sighed again. "Come on~!" she told him, grabbing his arm and wrapping her arms around him, pressing it against her… "Don't be like that, Josh! You have to accept your hotness."

"I think I'll just accept that I'll be socially awkward forever instead," he mumbled, taking another gulp from his beer. At moments like that one, he wished he could actually get drunk. Unfortunately, either because of his stats or his Poison Resistance skill, he just couldn't. 'Never thought I'd wish to get drunk,' he thought to himself. "Sounds more likely."

He grimaced when Serafall bonked him over the head with her staff.

"Bad Josh, that's not hot," she told him, as one would chiding a child. To that, he just gave her flat look.

"You do realize that I'm not trying to look… hot, right?" he asked, the word feeling weird in his mouth. Especially since this was talking about himself instead of someone else.

"Still!" she said, stomping her foot on the ground.

Joshua sighed.

"At least you look adorable when you do that," he commented, turning and continuing to walk.

"I'm not adorable, Josh! I'm hot too!" she protested childishly as she started walking until she was ahead of him. She wasn't wrong about that, admittedly. Especially in her magical girl outfit and especially when she skipped like that which made the skirt- "Aha! That's an admission if I ever saw one!" she said, turning and pointing at him with her staff, victorious.

"Never denied that," Joshua replied with a slight smile. "You are hot, very much so. And that outfit certainly helps, even if it's childish."

"Oh?" she mumbled, blinking at him.

He just chuckled.

"Childish it might be, but when you make a pose or are going around skipping? Good thing they edit most stuff out," he commented, shaking his head. Very good thing, yeah, because for one he didn't want to be on that kind of show, thank you very much. For another, he wasn't about to let Kunou watch that if they didn't edit it, that was for sure.

"You can't just say that, Josh!" Serafall explained, placing her hands on her (not) blushing cheeks. "I wasn't mentally prepared for that! Be still, my beating heart!"

"See if I compliment you again," he mumbled, continuing to walk as the woman giggled behind him and then caught up. 'As if it weren't awkward enough for me,' he added in his mind, grimacing a little now that he was ahead of Serafall and she couldn't see.

Not that he blamed her, she was just like that. Getting angry at her for being playful and joking would be about the same as her getting angry if he was spellcrafting. It was what they were, they had to either enjoy it, live with it or just give up. It was usually the former for him, in this instance, but he guessed he'd have to put up with it in regards to his… romantic ineptitude, or however one wanted to call it.

Maybe he'd get better at it.

…

Yeah, nah.

"Don't be sad, Josh~" Serafall told him, sounding really clos- 'Oh,' he thought simply as the woman wrapped her arms around one of his once more. He was suddenly a very lucky guy, he supposed, considering his limb was now in a very… comfortable place. "I appreciate it, really," she added, sounding actually serious. Or as serious as she could be without it being… well, a lot less happy all around.

"I'm being stupid again, I know," he muttered, running the fingers of his free hand through his hair. Idly, he noticed that they passed next to a youkai servant of the place, but they barely got a greeting nod. 'Thank God for illusions,' Joshua thought to himself. "I'm just not… very confident, I guess."

"You are plenty confident," Serafall disagreed… And he really didn't like that smile on her face. "I would know, it's when you are at your hottest," she relayed with a sagely nod. Joshua could only grimace… and envy her being able to say stuff like that so freely. 'Admittedly, it does feel nice,' a corner of his mind whispered.

He'd never thought much about himself, but then again, his physique had changed a lot since he'd started training and all that.

"I'll take your word for it," he mumbled, getting a smug hum from the woman as she continued to cling to him. "Are you busy today? I don't remember if you said you had anything other than the meeting with the Phenex."

"I'm free today. Well, I'm supposed to discuss Phenex business with you, but I think we have that covered," she commented, looking perfectly pleased with herself. "I do have to spend some time going over some things. There's still a mess left after Ajuka's brother, even when he's been dealt with already. It ruffled a lot of feathers and now I have to deal with that, at least on the front with the Church. Fortunately, Gabriel and I are already working together on some things so…"

"Anything I can help with? That whole thing started with Asia, right?" he asked, already more than aware of the answer. "I feel involved, and I am working for the Church and Heaven too."

"I can deal with it, but thanks," she told him, pulling him down slightly to kiss his cheek. "You don't have to help us with everything, you know? We know how to do our jobs."

"And I know that. Doesn't mean I don't want to make things easier for you two," he replied, feeling like he'd had that conversation already with Yasaka.

"And I'll keep that in mind, Josh~" she said, looking like a happy camper. He was a little taken aback by that, even if it was nice to see. Surely she couldn't be that happy just holding onto his arm and walking with him, right? "I'll hold you to that once I come across something actually troublesome."

"I'll do my best," he replied with a smile on his face. That was much better than being told no and leaving it at that. "Well, not to demand anything, but maybe you can get that done while we visit Yasaka and Kunou and then we can go on a date-"

"Sure!" she agreed, before he could even finish and he resisted the urge to do something out of nerves, like scratching the back of his head. Instead, he managed not to do any of that… Not that it stopped him from walking around rather stiffly because of how awkward he felt. "Where did you have in mind?" Serafall asked curiously, eyes all but shining.

"Well, there's this magical girl movie coming out-" Some of his nervousness dissipated as he watched her expression all but lit up. "And then there's a nice restaurant nearby that I think would be nice. I already have spells cast all around both places."

"One of your dating spots with Yasaka?" she asked, narrowing her eyes at him playfully.

"Prospective one," he admitted, back to feeling nervous. "I have a bunch of those set up that we haven't gone to yet. So, I thought I could go to some of them with you instead."

"And not with Yasaka later?"

"I mean, I didn't think that'd be a goo-"

"Josh, Josh, Josh," she said, shaking her head and acting exaggeratedly disappointed. "You can't find new places to take us all the time, you know? And Yasaka can't leave Kyoto, so that kind of makes things difficult, right?"

"I mean-"

"So, don't be silly and worry about that, yeah?" Serafall reassured him with a pat on his arm that she was still holding onto. "We want to spend time with you. A nice place is fine, but it doesn't need to be special or whatever."

"I… Yeah, ok…" he replied, feeling at a loss for words for a moment. This was doubly the case when Serafall pulled him down again, this time to kiss him on the lips.

"It's nice that your brilliant brain seems to turn to mush when I do that," she commented, and he felt his cheeks suddenly heating up a little. He was blushing, he knew, especially because of Serafall's following giggle.

In the end, he just sighed.

Fortunately for him, they had reached their destination. 'Finally,' he thought dramatically to himself as he pushed the door open and they walked through. Yasaka and Kunou were already there, the latter showing the former something on her notebook. It was a familiar scene. Their daughter was probably showing her some illusion idea, he'd bet.

As they entered the room though, he saw them share a look before turning towards them.

"Welcome back," they said at the same time.

"Good to be back," Joshua replied with a smile. Then his amusement grew as he continued. "That was the brat's idea, I bet."

"Stop calling me brat," Kunou whined then, deflating where she sat. Beside her, Yasaka giggled behind her hand.

"You aren't wrong though," the woman confessed, looking about as amused as he felt. "That goes for you too, Serafall."

"Good to be back~" the Satan said, letting go of Joshua's arm and then skipping to a seat. "It's nice to be received like that, isn't it, Josh?"

"Certainly can see the appeal," he answered with a shake of his head and then walking to sit beside Kunou. Idly, he glanced at her homework, which seemed to be all – or at least mostly – done. "Someone didn't get distracted crafting illusions? Will wonders never cease?"

"Daaad," Kunou whined, poking at his side with her finger. "Stop being mean."

"I'm not mean," he protested, leaning back and frowning at her. Then he turned towards Yasaka and Serafall. "Am I mean?"

"Not at all," the Satan answered instantly, beaming.

"I wouldn't say so, no," Yasaka replied, before turning to look at her daughter. "Stop being mean to your father, Kunou," she added, making his insides turn a little. Somehow, whatever progress he'd made into adapting to being called that had vanished into thin air now. He guessed it was very different when he was just filling a role, more or less, compared to now that he was actually together with Yasaka.

"Auntie Sera, they are ganging up on me!" Kunou called, turning to the only other person in the room left for her to go for help. Joshua's eyes widened a little as he looked between Kunou and Serafall. He wasn't the only one, because the aforementioned Satan looked even more caught off guard, eyes darting towards Yasaka.

As for the youkai leader? She looked… She didn't look unhappy, at least, but Joshua had a hard time reading her at that moment. Because when he wanted to get a read was when it was the hardest. Why wouldn't it be?

"... If I can call you that?" Kunou asked then, clearly having noticed that she'd caused a bit of a scene, even if it hadn't even been more than a second or two. "Sorry."

"No, don't apologize," Serafall told her then, speaking softly. "You just caught me- us, off guard, that's all. You can call me that, little one," she added then, nothing like the usually playful woman that she was. She looked… touched, Joshua would say.

"I don't have to call you mom?" Kunou asked, uncertain.

"No, no, you don't have to," Serafall answered with a warm smile on her face as she regarded the girl. Then Joshua saw some of her playfulness come through once more. "But who knows, right? Maybe you'll call me that in the future, if you want to." He didn't miss the way she glanced towards Yasaka, nor the nod the other woman gave in turn. That was when he saw Serafall relax a little.

He hadn't even noticed she was tense before.

'Reading them is fucking hard,' he grumbled internally.

"Hm, ok then," Kunou mumbled, looking thoughtful and a little subdued. "But what do you like being called?"

"I like Auntie Serafall, do you?" the Satan asked with a beaming smile that seemed to widen as the girl nodded. "Then it's settled, right?"

"Is Fuyuko going to take much longer? I think I know why dad likes tea so much now," Kunou muttered where she sat. Both women in the room giggled then while Joshua grinned and planted his hand on top of the girl's head. "I feel tired."

"Yeah, I know what you mean," he told her. 'God knows social interactions exhaust me too,' he added in his mind. "She's coming our way, so there's that."

"Nice," Kunou mumbled with a smile.

[}-o-{]​

"It makes sense," Joshua mumbled to himself, looking at his theories in his notebook. "At least, I think it makes sense," he added, a little less sure as he went over the ideas again and again. "What do you think?"

As an answer, Morag pulled on his hair from where she was, crawling over and behind him on Nagini's body. The serpent, for her part, hissed something noncommittal. Fair enough. He was the spell expert here, not them.

"I think it makes sense," he repeated with a sigh as he noted down his latest theory on Sleep Disease. After getting some… tests ran with his Project Winter and Project Summer, and some more scans on Lord Sitri, who hadn't fallen into the deepest sleep yet, on top of the check ups he still did on Sairaorg's mother from time to time…

Joshua was fairly sure he was getting somewhere.

His current idea was that the disease affected the speed of the magic flow inside devils, sort of like Project Winter but a lot less evident. It made their magic efficiency go down dramatically. Every bit of energy they used would double or triple depending on how advanced the disease was. Even when they weren't using magic, they'd feel lethargic, the lower speed making it feel like they had less magic than they did, creating a pseudo-magic exhaustion.

If he was right, which wasn't a certainty just yet, then he could try to heal that with a variant of Project Summer, making up for the slow with a boost in speed.

It was finicky though, so Joshua wasn't eager to get to testing. Last thing he wanted was to blow up Serafall's father or Sairaorg's mother… or anyone else, really. The fact that the Sleep Disease wasn't a constant slow but an increasing and decreasing one made it all the more difficult. 'Maybe I can make an adaptive magic speed up spell of some kind,' he considered then, but that'd be a pain in the ass.

A combination of Project Summer, Project Everchanging and Project Intelligence, sort of. Although the last one might be pushing too much. He did have sort of adaptive spells in his current training array, but it wasn't quite as detailed as this needed to be. He wouldn't die if the weighing wards were a little too strong or weak, after all.

'If I'm right, this is going to be fucking tricky,' he thought, leaning back on his seat (read, Nagini) and looking over his desk (read, Nagini again) towards where the Fallen and Kuroka were fighting each other. Fortunately, the Nekoshou seemed to have gotten it into her head to leave him alone, which was fine. He couldn't say he was a fan of the spikes of fear and nerves that he could feel from her at times, but it was better than her constant flirting, at least.

His eyes slid towards his wrists for a moment before dismissing that.

It hadn't been him.

He hadn't done that.

He resolutely ignored the little voice at the back of his head that told him he very well could have been and would have.

Margalo chose that moment to land next to him and start singing. He felt the sooth of her voice on him and his previously downtrodden expression turned into a smile. 'Thanks, girl,' he thought out loud to his familiar, receiving affection in turn. 'You are great. All of you,' he added with a chuckle as Nagini wrapped a little tighter around him and Morag pulled on his hair.

Then he sighed, pushing the notebook away and rubbing his eyelids tiredly. 'Okay, time for a break from that,' he thought, storing the notebook in a spell before taking out a few others. As he did, he took out another, together with a few books too. 'Might as well visit one of my other projects, right?' he decided, glancing towards the Fallen.

Their progress had officially stagnated. Still going, as always, but it was so slow it might as well be nothing. They kept pushing because there was nothing else for them to do and he demanded that. Well, Mittelt and Kalawarna did it for that reason. Raynare really wanted to get stronger, and he was giving her all the tools, even if she was being held back by her own physiology.

So, putting some work into Project Ascension would be worth it, at least to give his mind a break from Project Awakening.

Khaos Brigade would make a move at some point, despite being concerningly quiet as of late. Kokabiel would show his face to the public at some point, and when he did… When he did, Joshua would be ready, either with the Fallen at the point they needed to be, or himself.

Because sure, the idea was nice, but he wasn't about to let the bastard walk away if the opportunity presented itself.

One way or another, as soon as he got his hands on Kokabiel…

Joshua was going to kill him, and that'd be that.

[}-o-{]​

[Meredith Ordinton]

Another day, another Davis class to partake in. Before, when it had been only one class, it hadn't quite been like that. Now though? It was a class almost every day, really, with only weekends and one other day free.

None of them were complaining though.

The classes were quiet, except when Professor Davis asked a question. Everyone had learned that if you wanted to be anyone in the class, you had to participate. If you didn't, then the professor wouldn't care about you. He was more likely to judge more harshly if you didn't ever ask a question. After all, if you didn't ask questions, then it meant you understood everything and had it well in hand, right?

And Professor Davis always remembered. He always knew if you had asked a question or not. He always knew if you had stayed silent at the back of the classroom. He might not know your name, or who you were, or where you came from, but he always knew how you behaved in his class.

Meredith was broken from her thoughts as she, together with everyone else in the class, shuddered. It was always very unnerving whenever Professor Davis used his spells to completely vanish a failed spell. His wards and hexes simply devoured whatever magic had gone wrong there before it could explode or do anything at all. It was very scary and very impressive at the same time.

"It's fine," the Professor said, waving off the worried expression on his student. "You have trouble with the energy adjustments, after all," he added, drawing a slightly wide-eyed look from the poor bastard. He'd probably thought he'd get a piece of the man's mind or something. It was always like that, even after repeated showings to the contrary. It was what they were taught to expect from failure. It was how things just were.

And then there was Professor Davis, who seemed unable to know someone's name unless he really tried, but kept tab on anything and everything you asked or talked about in his class. He knew what you struggled with and what came easy to you. If you failed at something you were bad at, it was fine, he'd just give advice, maybe a small lesson on that specifically. If you failed at something you were good at…

Then you clearly weren't trying and you deserved nothing.

"I guess we can cover some of that next class. I'm sorry everyone, but we'll finish this testing round at a later date, ok? As it is, we've run out of time," the Professor announced. Meredith groaned then, and she wasn't the only one. There were few things more productive than being in that class, after all.

On top of that, she had her own personal problems with not being there. Her higher ups in Golden Dawn were getting antsy about her "lack of progress" and her family wasn't much better. They were starting to get impatient and make "suggestions" that made her sick.

She wanted to leave, so much, but she couldn't. She'd carved her path there. It was what Meredith had built for herself. She couldn't just abandon all that, throw away the work of years and years of her life. What little she'd gotten for herself through blood, sweat and tears.

She refused.

… And yet…

"Something the matter?" Professor Davis asked when she was the only one that hadn't left already. She hadn't so much as gathered her things. Karin and Fortune were standing by the door, waiting for her and probably expecting to have a study session after class like they sometimes did. She waved them off though. She wasn't feeling like it.

"I'm fine just… tired," she answered, deflating where she sat. "I'm sorry, I'll leave. I just-"

"Don't worry about it. Sometimes you need a moment of quiet to gather your thoughts and your strength," Professor Davis told her with a smile. "Take your time, yeah? I'll just do some work in the meantime," he told her, moving to sit at his desk, which he rarely used. He then took out some things from Storage Spell and started doing exactly what he said he would.

Meredith was curious, so very curious, but she held back on asking.

She was already bothering the man, there was no need to do so even more. So, instead, she took the moment Professor Davis was offering and just sat down there in silence. Beside her, she saw Cheshire climb on top of the desk by her side. According to their teacher, she seemed to have taken a liking to the star group. Her in particular, Professor Davis had told Meredith in private once. Apparently, she'd really made an impression by being the first one.

She suspected that might also be a reflection of their teacher's opinion, but she saved that opinion to herself. She expected many would refuse to believe her and many of those that didn't would be annoyed. As it was, Meredith didn't feel the need to voice that anyway.

As she sat there though, she couldn't help but remember what the man had told her some time ago.

"If they cause you trouble, any of those, just tell me, and I'll deal with it."

"So, if you need help in any way, let me know."

"Professor Davis?" she called, her voice barely a whisper. He couldn't have heard her, but she still expected him to do so. Surprisingly, the man looked up from his notebook at her. With her eyes widening, she felt put on the spot. How had he-?

Cheshire meowed next to her, patting her with her paw.

Of course…

'Come on, just do it,' Meredith told herself as she gulped. She just needed to gather her courage and trust this man that had already done wonders for her without even really trying. She just needed to take a leap of faith… It was the only path she had left.

"I… I need help," she said.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I keep suffering writing the interactions between Joshua, Serafall and Yasaka, but that'll be a common thing, pretty sure. I'll just have to get used to it… Ugh.

Anyway, there's also progress with the Sleep Disease and the Meredith lines, which is interesting. I wasn't expecting that so quickly. Especially the latter, but then again, I don't know why I try to predict stuff to begin with. I should know better by now.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How do you do in social settings? I suck. I had to attend a relative's party the other day and it sucked. I had to sit there and be uncomfortable for like 8 hours while everyone danced and shit. Ugh. (Yes, I asked this question just to have a reason to complain about that.)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 199 others
Adrian King
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 118 - Light Up Your Wildest Dreams
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#461
Light Up Your Wildest Dreams

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"Yes… I can do that, no problem," she replied, slowly, still not very sure that was happening at all. Davis had certainly managed to come with an interesting request. He was asking her to take in a magician from another association, effectively stealing the girl for herself.

That was… slightly problematic. It wasn't unheard of by any means, but it was always frowned upon and generally brought trouble. After all, stealing someone else's member could quickly escalate into a competition to see who could get more of the other's members. It could get messy very quickly, especially if that member was a prominent one.

Now, thankfully, Davis wasn't asking for some high ranked member, but a student, one that was relatively low in the totem pole. However, he was also asking for someone that was very much a known member of his best students' group. If Agnes went through with this, then she'd be accused of using Davis to sway members away from others and to House of Water, nevermind the fact that being in his class had its own status meaning within associations now.

However…

Agnes didn't care.

Davis had been a godsend, almost literally. His classes had earned her so much favor that she likely wouldn't ever be able to pay him back. Especially because he just kept going and didn't seem even close to terminating their agreement. With every class he gave, it made the House of Water raise in importance. Other associations were still begging her to allow them more students in the classes. At the rate things were going, House of Water would soon be right there with Golden Dawn and the rest of the elite associations, if it wasn't already.

All because of Joshua Davis.

It was insane.

So, yes, she could do that. Maybe the no problem was a bit of an exaggeration, but with as much favor as she had with the other associations? A single word about how Golden Dawn was causing trouble with their actions and they'd have to cut them off the deal with Davis would get them to back off. Because if the threat of that wasn't enough, every other association would jump at the chance of having Golden Dawn out of the whole thing, which meant that they'd have no backing in terms of magicians.

Other types of factions might not care about that, but they'd also care very little for what was basically magician association politics. Such was the case of the Royal Family, in this particular case, but Agnes was confident she could take them if they were alone. She wasn't without connections of her own and just the influence that Joshua gave her would be more than enough. It might not be pretty or insignificant, but it wouldn't be a struggle. Everyone else would do as they tended to and only get involved in more serious, general issues. A member getting "stolen"? It was beneath their notice. Agnes would bet her right arm that Golden Dawn wouldn't even mention it to anyone other than the Royal Family.

As it was, placing themselves on the bad side of Davis was a sure-fire way to get themselves on everyone's sights and likely cripple themselves. In a world where personalized spells were a luxury, everyone wanted to be on the good side of the guy that could teach anyone how to make just that. If Golden Dawn wanted to shoot themselves on the foot, then everyone would welcome them to do so and help if they could.

"Great to hear," Davis replied with a grin on his face, as if he hadn't just decided to tell an entire association to go fuck themselves. "I can trust you with Meredith's care then?" he asked, head tilted and many people would think that a completely innocent question. However, Agnes felt and saw the slight shift there. There was an "or else" implied there that made a shiver travel down her spine. "Feel free to tell me if she doesn't, yeah? You are officially under my care too and I take that kind of thing seriously," he added as he turned towards the girl in question.

"Thank you, Professor Davis," Ordinton replied with a watery smile and looking like she was another kind gesture away from breaking down in tears. "I really appreciate this."

"Don't mention it. You are one of my stars. What kind of teacher would I be if I didn't make sure you are doing well?" the man asked with a grin.

"You won't regret this, sir."

"I'm sure I won't, and Joshua is fine," he reassured the girl.

"Professor Joshua," Ordinton said then, making the man slump down. Obviously, that had been done on purpose, if the giggle that escaped the girl was any indication.

"She'll be fine," Agnes promised then, getting Davis' attention back on her. She wondered how good that was though, because the man was getting increasingly more powerful and that meant that it was increasingly easier to mess up and end up in a very bad situation as a result. "House of Water will look after her."

"See that you do," Davis told her, a slight edge in his voice. Then, as if to make things worse, she felt the atmosphere in the room shift. The man's hair turned black and grew longer then, while the shadows of his eyes turned pitch black and his blue eyes took a much darker shade, like the night sky. "We'll hold you to that, Waterhouse," he said, his voice shifting just as much as his appearance.

The appearance and the voice, they were vaguely familiar though. It didn't take her long to remember though, considering the very specific tinge of divinity that washed over the room. 'Nephthys,' she recognized, gulping down as some things became clearer.

Evidently, she'd been right in her guess that the Egyptians wanted Davis as their champion. Furthermore, it seemed that he was now officially it too. This was the first time she heard of it though, so she had to wonder if he was keeping that under wraps and had decided to reveal it to her or if this was the first step to letting the world know.

"My new situation-," Davis said then, letting everything go back to normal. Agnes felt herself relax and the Ordinton girl let out a breath she'd obviously been holding in. "-is still not public knowledge. It's not a great loss if it becomes known but I'd appreciate it if you tried to keep it hidden for now."

"I can do that," Agnes replied, drawing a nod from the man and a smile. If she weren't so terrified of him and what he could do to her and her association, she might have thought him attractive, she reckoned. As it was… no, thank you. "I gather I can use that if someone tries to cause trouble."

"If someone causes trouble you can't take care of yourself," Davis told her, his eyes gaining an edge once more. "Because I know you owe me and a lot, Agnes."

"Right," she mumbled, gulping. 'Don't push your luck, got it,' she thought to herself.

[}-o-{]​

[Issei Hyoudou]

"Is this-" he interrupted himself huffing and feeling like his lungs were about to give up on him altogether. "-really necessary?"

"Sure is, buddy," Joshua answered calmly. The bastard looked like he was barely winded when they'd been running forever – more like a few minutes, but still – and that wasn't even getting to the actual exercise that followed. "You need to be in shape, man. First, because the supernatural will eat you up if you aren't. This place is dangerous and you need to know how to fight."

He knew that. Joshua wouldn't shut up about it, honestly. Issei hadn't seen proof of that, but he didn't need to. He trusted the man. He was the first one to give him a chance and the first one to treat Issei like a person of his own instead of an idiot, a pervert or both. He owed the man at least some trust, he supposed.

On top of that, he trusted his girlfriend too, and Aika seemed to believe there wasn't even the smallest bit of exaggeration in Joshua's warnings. Those things by themselves, would have been enough to convince Issei. Together though? Together they became very believable.

Which was kind of concerning, honestly.

After all, there was this world filled with very powerful people that could kick his ass very easily, despite his Sacred Gear supposedly being very strong. What was worse, they were likely to come for him due to that same Sacred Gear. 'It's such bullshit,' Issei grumbled to himself.

"You said first?" he managed to breath out as he tried to get a second wind.

"Well, the second is that being in good shape is just generally good, you know? Might help with the ladies, I imagine. Wouldn't want to tire out too quickly, right?" Joshua commented idly, making Issei stand straight. "Got your attention with that, did I?" the man asked with a wry smile. "I guess as long as you are motivated, it's fine."

That was something he liked about Joshua. As long as Issei didn't make someone uncomfortable with his… attitude then he didn't seem to care all that much. He even seemed to find it amusing at times, if annoying at others.

"Now, come on, time for some sparring. You can fight me again or fight one of my familiars," Joshua offered and Issei took a moment to consider that. They'd done this a few times already and he knew that was a trap question. No matter what he chose, he'd get his ass kicked. The familiar option sounded tempting since most of them were rather nice. However, Joshua picked which one it was at random, which complicated matters.

Margalo had never been picked yet, so Issei thought she wasn't an actual option. Cheshire was brutal, but fair. Morag was actually not that bad, but she had so many tricks and traps that it made for a very discouraging training session every time. And then there was Nagini, who took genuine pleasure in absolutely demolishing him.

Not that Joshua was a better option, because the man didn't know what the meaning of "going easy on" was.

"Familiar?" Issei chanced. It was a two in three chance of someone decent, if humiliating.

"Ok then," Joshua nodded, turning to the side. "Cheshire, if you would?" the man asked, and Issei prepared himself. He summoned the red gauntlet with the green gem embedded in it and used its power to double his own. It wasn't much, but he'd get somewhere by the time he stacked a few boosts. If he got that far into the spar, at least, which was why he'd started as soon as possible.

Before he knew it, he was smacked aside by the giant white tiger's claws. He groaned as he skidded on the ground, his body being flung limply through the air. However, Issei managed to get his footing just in time for a second boost. That was bound to at least give him a semblance of a fighting chance. At least so long as Cheshire didn't decide to use her bullshit lightning magic.

Issei managed to block an attack, only for his gauntlet arm to be flung aside and then getting smacked against the ground. He groaned as he tried to stand up, only to be swept aside with a paw like an annoying fly. A third boost came just in time to save him from further humiliation. Or, at least, to even the playing field a little better.

He had no delusions that Cheshire could knock him out in a second whichever way she wanted, but they were all there to help Issei train, which was why he had half a chance. He appreciated it, really, he did… but he wished they would get a little easier still on him. As it was, he always left the training sessions feeling like a particularly weak insect.

Maybe one day he'd get to kick as much ass as Joshua did. Issei could only hope, really, because god damn could the man kick ass. His ass, at the very least, but the way Aika said it, Joshua was a lot stronger than Issei even realized. He wondered if he'd get to witness that at some point. That was sure to be a sight to behold.

As it was, he was a little occupied at the moment to picture such things. With a fourth boost, he could finally put a semblance of a fight against Cheshire. Enough to see that Joshua was standing to the side, taking notes on the spar. Issei looked forward to the lecture that would follow the spar even less than he did the spar itself. The spar didn't make him feel nearly as stupid as Joshua pointing out all his mistakes did.

And that was saying something.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

She hummed happily as she did her homework.

Usually, it wasn't something that would have her mood super high, admittedly. It was more like something she'd avoid as best she could while trying to make time for some more illusion crafting. She was getting very good at those. Her father didn't even need to give her lessons all that much and now they could just tinker together when they both had time.

It wasn't too often, but she still enjoyed it when it happened.

However, there were few things that could bring Kunou's mood down those days. How could it be any other way, really? Her parents were together now! Actually together, as in dating and kissing and such. It was kind of awkward when they actually kissed in front of her, but she pushed that aside all the time because they were dating.

Her family was finally normal and whole. She had her mom, who made time for her from her own work and if she couldn't then dad would pull a favor or two to make things easier, even if mom protested. She had her dad, who would drop everything at a moment's notice to give her all the time she could possibly want. Kunou would admit that it was very tempting to do that a whole lot, especially with the necklace he'd given her for Christmas as a permanent whisper in her ear…

But she held strong, because dad was too nice and she'd feel bad if she took advantage of him like that.

She even had sisters in the shape of dad's familiars! And an aunt in the shape of Jeanne…

And Serafall too, she supposed. Although, since she was dating her dad together with her mother then Kunou thought it was a little weird to think of her as an aunt. It was even weirder to think of her as a stepmom or something like that though.

Safe to say that was a particularly tricky subject…

But Kunou didn't care! Her family was finally as she wanted it to be!

All was right and good in the world, yes.

She hummed to herself as she finished yet another exercise and moved on to the next. Beside her, dad turned to look at her with a smile of his own, if a little confused because of the way she was acting. That was fine, she'd just hug him and tell him that she loved him and the smile would turn into a full one without trouble. At least Kunou didn't have to worry about her mother, since she could read her well enough and seemed about as happy as she did. Even more so, at times, which was pretty great too.

Kunou didn't remember the last time she'd seen her mother smile so widely and so often as she had as of late.

Yes, everything was perfect.

"Did you get Jeanne to give you cookies again?" dad asked then, making her freeze. She tried to put on her best innocent expression, but the man had already seen through her, nevermind her mother. She opened her mouth to deny the accusation, but Joshua spoke again before she could. "You did," he answered his own question, giving her an unimpressed expression. "You know what that means?"

She went to protest against this clearly very unfair treatment of herself, however, dad's raised eyebrow stopped her. Closing her mouth, she deflated. There was no point, anyway. It might not have been worth the price, but at least those had been some very good cookies, so it wasn't an absolute loss.

"... No dessert for me after dinner," she said, deflating a little.

"And why don't we let you eat cookies unless it's snack time?" dad asked, making her deflate even more.

"Because it'll spoil my appetite and I won't eat what I should," she mumbled, her voice barely above a whisper. It wasn't fair though! How was she supposed to resist?! It was all Jeanne's fault anyway. If she didn't agree so easily, Kunou wouldn't be so tempted!

"Mhm." Dad nodded. "Maybe you'll remember next time. If not, I guess I'll just have to stop making cookies," he said, turning his attention towards his work and missing her horrified expression. Her mom didn't though, giggling at her as if these weren't the most terrible of news.

How was she going to live without dad's cookies?!

"I won't eat them out of snack time again," Kunou tried, but she only got another hum in response.

"You won't, because if not, there won't be anymore cookies," dad said, making her whine. This was terrible and it was all Aunt Jeanne's fault.

"How are you doing, beautiful people?!" Serafall asked, all but kicking the door open.

"Auntie Serafall! Dad's saying he won't make cookies!" she cried out, drawing a horrified expression from the woman. Finally, someone that understood the seriousness of the situation!

"Josh, how dare you say such a thing?!" Auntie Serafall asked, eyes wide. To that, dad simply rolled his.

"Don't be dramatic. She just has to stop eating them out of snack time. It's not so difficult," he answered.

"But it's so tempting!" Kunou and Serafall both exclaim. "You can't expect a kid to resist those!"

"Hey, I'm not a kid," she protested then, momentarily forgetting the goal for a bit.

"And what's your excuse, Sera?" dad asked, making the woman laugh awkwardly.

"I'm a kid in spirit?"

"I'm fairly sure I'm not dating a kid, That'd be weird, to say the least."

"Josh!" Serafall whined.

Hm, maybe she could distract dad until he forgot about the ultimatum?

Kunou could hope.

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

She shifted a little.

It was a little… not uncomfortable, but weird to have a new outfit to wear. Even after so long under Davis'... supervision, Raynare still hadn't gotten used to that change, strangely enough. She'd spend so very long with her previous skimpy outfit that it had become part of her, even when she wasn't being forced to use it by her higher ups. She'd learned to like it…

And she guessed she'd have to learn to like the new one too, she supposed. In a way, she already did like it, but she just hadn't gotten comfortable in it yet. With some time, she knew it'd be better than the old one.

At least, the leather pants and tube top hugging her body would let her earn some more actual respect. She quite liked the sound of that. Davis had suggested something more… warrior like, with armor and such, but she didn't need it and she didn't like it. She already felt stifled enough as it was with what she was wearing, after her previous outfit. Armor would have been suffocating. The man didn't seem to care much so long as she covered more, so that had been that.

Speaking of Davis, he seemed to be doing something to the training array, but, for the life of her, Raynare couldn't begin to guess what. Neither did Mittelt nor Kalawarna, really, but that was no surprise. In the face of the man's magic, they might as well be toddlers for how much they understood. Magic hadn't been their strongest suit, after all. They were just adept at using their own innate talent for light magic, but that was it. Nevermind something as alien to them as human magic.

Honestly, Raynare didn't really care for the specifics anyway. She'd heard that it was an addition to the training spells and that had been enough for her to be on board. Anything that helped her get stronger was more than welcome.

Especially at that moment, considering they had all reached the limit of their wings. Kalawarna and Mittelt were basically on her despite Raynare training a lot more than them. She just couldn't make enough progress for it to matter, really. It was frustrating, but she wouldn't give up. Davis's spells were still a blessing for her progress, even if she had to share it with the other two lazy fallen. She cared very little for them anymore.

She had a way to get stronger and someone that actually cared for her progress, even if it was for his own selfish ends. Raynare didn't much mind the reasons, so long as she got what she wanted too, which she did. Davis could have wanted any number of things so long as he helped her get stronger and she wouldn't have minded.

Kicking Kokabiel's ass? Raynare only saw that as a win, honestly, even if she knew, deep down, that it was impossible for her to reach that level. That wouldn't stop her from trying though.

Besides-

Her train of thought became a very tragic wreck when Davis finished his spellcasting.

She felt it, making her stiffen, just like the other two by her side. The feeling washed over them, weak, so very weak, but still very much noticeable. It made her feel light, warm and clean. It felt… It felt like…

"Heaven," Mittelt whispered, very obviously the most moved of the three, since she was so much more sensitive. Regardless, that was exactly what Raynare was feeling too. It was like a single ray of Heaven's light had escaped their purer counterparts' realm and managed to find its way to them. It was very little… and yet so much at the same time.

"Ok, I think that works," Davis said, as if he hadn't managed to catch all of them off guard and destabilize them completely with a single spell or array or whatever. "Now we just have to do some testing."

"What… did you do?" Raynare asked, her voice soft, low and subdued. Normally she would try to keep some of her own strength in her voice, even if everyone knew he basically had a very tight leash around their necks. This time though? There was nothing of the sort.

"Trying something new, as I said before. I call it, Project Ascension," he told them, making them shiver at the mere mention of one of his projects. It wasn't one of the seasons though, so maybe it wasn't that bad. "I know about your wings' limit and I've been doing some research. This my first prototype attempt at bypassing that blockage."

Raynare stiffened and her eyes focused with intent on the man.

"You'd never manage to reach Kokabiel's level as it is, so I have to give you three a push if I want that to happen. I'll see what I can do. For now, this is it. We'll see what I learn and what I can change in the future," Davis explained with a shrug, as if it were nothing too big.

As if he weren't breaking the very rules God himself had placed upon them, his very own creation.

"You can do that?" Raynare found herself asking and at any other time she'd have been disgusted at the awe in her own voice. Not at that moment though, because Davis, crazy bastard that he was, seemed to be trying to give her the very thing she'd wanted above all else, strength. Not only that, but he was giving her what she'd need to get over the obstacle that had stopped her from reaching the heights she so desired.

Raynare had followed and obeyed a lot of people in her pursuit of power. Grigori, Azazel, Kokabiel and so many others had given her a path to follow and orders to listen to. None of them had come even close to giving her what she wanted the most, however.

Davis though, Davis just might. And if he could do that, then Raynare would kill Kokabiel and whoever else he wanted her to. Human or not, she could care less. If he could help her be as strong as she'd always wished to be, then Raynare would follow him to the end of the world.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Why did I feel like making an entire chapter from different PoVs?... No idea, but it was neat. I had fun writing this chapter, and that's what matters to me.

Hope you guys enjoyed it too.

Random Question: Any favorites in this chapter's sections? Why?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, Shadowrose007 and 209 others
Adrian King
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 119 - Don’t Know How Much Time Has Passed
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#462
Don't Know How Much Time Has Passed

[Joshua Davis]

He stood there with his eyes narrowed as he watched the Fallen train, sparring between themselves. He was picking up a number of things with his many spells and he had about a dozen ideas of how to approach the next version of Project Ascension. He wasn't anywhere close to breaking down the way to give angels more wings, but he could at least bypass some of the limit.

It wasn't a solution, not at all, but it was a nice temporary fix to help them push a little further. Not unlike the way normal training spells helped him and others train, but specifically to help them push past their limit. He was very grateful that he'd gotten more than one peek into holy energy through Jeanne, Carnwennan and many sources.

'This will be a lot harder than the Phoenix Spell,' Joshua thought to himself with a wry smile. 'And that's saying something,' he added with a sigh. Cheshire walked around his back before turning to peek around his side. Absently, Joshua planted his hand on the giant white tiger's head.

"What do you think?" he asked, not only to his feline familiar but to all of them. From Margalo standing on a perch towards the ceiling all the way to Morag who had made a web on a corner with Nagini just lying curled up in between. All of them answered with varying degrees of the same thing. The Fallen were under control and doing well. From there, none of his familiars trusted them much, but Cheshire seemed to trust Raynare more than the others, or at least her desire to be stronger.

'What twisted, twisted world I live in when Raynare is the dependable one,' Joshua thought, a little amused. His eye twitched then as he felt something else other than the targets of his thoughts. He took a deep breath in then and then let it out.

"I know I screwed up," Kuroka said softly, looking subdued as she stood beside him on the other side from where Cheshire was. Her hands were clasped together in front of her, her fingers fidgeting and her head tilted down. It was a look that was very unlike her, but then again, she'd basically avoided him after her… screw up, as she said it.

As a response, he just nodded. There was no denying what she said and he had no intention of offering her easy forgiveness. She'd already been annoying before, then she'd started being a little uncomfortable to be around after he got together with Yasaka and Serafall… And then she'd done that.

Joshua so wanted to forget that had happened. He wanted to forget about those scars and he honestly couldn't wait until he got good enough with Senjutsu to fix that. There were other ways to do that, but they involved talking with other people and the fewer people knew about that, the better.

"I just… I'm sorry," Kuroka said, breaking him from his thoughts. "I didn't think… You didn't seem the type. I'd never have guessed."

"I was a very different man over a year ago," he replied, not really sure why he felt the need to reveal that. Maybe it was to justify himself in front of her, or maybe he just wanted to tell someone in the know. He'd only really talked about those things with Yasaka and Jeanne. He'd touched the subject with Serafall too, because it felt wrong not to let her know, but they hadn't really gone that deep into it.

"It's not my place to know," Kuroka whispered, going even further into the weird direction with her attitude. "I just wanted to say I'm sorry, for what I did, and for whatever happened to make you do that."

Unsure of what to say to that, he just nodded again.

"I know you don't like me much… or at all, especially now," she told him, shifting on her feet a bit. "But I wanted to tell you I'm grateful for… the opportunity you gave me. I know not many would have done that."

"You could have done a better job at showing that appreciation," he commented curtly. He wasn't looking at her, but he felt her flinch beside him anyway. "Still, your information has been good so far."

And he wasn't lying even a little bit in regards to that. Every meeting he was in for the anti-Khaos Brigade movement spoke about a thing or two that they had gotten done thanks to Kuroka. Some were directly, some indirectly, but her information had been great for an otherwise slow process. And that was with most parties involved being reluctant to praise her much, for one reason or another.

"I'm glad," Kuroka said, making him tilt his head. She seemed to mean that. Joshua wasn't sure if it was because it was convenient for her or if she didn't like Khaos Brigade much herself. He'd never quite gotten a clear answer on that through either words or sensing. It made him wonder if it might be both things.

"Your sister," Joshua said and he felt her stiffen next to him. "I'll see what I can do for you to meet her. We get along but not spectacularly, I don't think. It's difficult to tell at times. Regardless, I'll try."

"Thank you," she replied and he could hear the waver in her voice, as if she were trying not to break down crying.

"This is for her as much as you, and I really hope you don't do anything stupid. I don't know if I have the patience for anything else-"

"I won't, I promise. I'll be the best, most well behaved cat in the-" Cheshire hissed by his side, making him snort and Kuroka backpedal. "Second," she corrected herself quickly, which made it all seem silly, but Joshua knew this was important enough for her not to care. Not that it hadn't been silly without the correction. "Second most well behaved cat in the world."

"We'll see about that. I'd be happy with you stopping the flirting game and being a little calmer," he told her, running his fingers through his hair. He wanted to stay mad at her, he really did, but it just sounded tiring. She had screwed up and been annoying, but it wasn't like she'd done the former on purpose and the latter was just how she was… So, in the end, he just wanted to be calm once more.

'I miss the days when I was just a semi-normal guy studying wards and working in a cafe,' he thought. That is, before pictures flashed in his mind of Kunou, Yasaka and Serafall. 'Guess it's not so bad…' he added with a smile as he brought his hand up to his locket.

"It wasn't a game, you know?" Kuroka told him, making him blink in turn. "I might have gone about it in the worst way and maybe for the wrong reasons… but I wasn't just playing," she explained, to which he felt his eye twitch again for a completely different reason.

'Did I really become an oblivious character in a harem anime world?' Joshua thought, sighing as he dragged his hand over his face. It made him wonder who else he might have missed. On the other hand… he also wasn't sure he actually wanted to know.

"Be that as it may-"

"You are not interested. I think I got it," Kuroka interrupted with a slight smile. "Still, can't say it's not a shame."

Joshua grimaced then, drawing a giggle from the woman.

"I think I see it now. A little late, but it's good to know."

"I don't think I want to know."

She giggled again, this time joined by his familiars.

[}-o-{]​

"I don't know if to be grateful or annoyed," Gabriel commented, making him turn to give her a grin. "I really don't," she added, shaking her head as she looked at the field ahead of them. It was the training grounds, which he'd added an training array to while he set up the defenses for the base he'd visited that day. "This wasn't in the deal."

"Are you going to make me take the array down? That'd be annoying for me," he commented lightly, placing his hands in his pockets and holding his flannel shirt open and showing the white one underneath. He kept his eyes on the angel though, waiting for her answer. "What'll it be?"

"How is it that you are forcing me to receive free services?" she asked him, looking both confused and annoyed. "That's not how things usually work."

"I've been told I don't do things the normal way all that often… or ever," he answered her with a lazy smile. "On that note, I was thinking I should go to the previous bases and do an update to their arrays. Shouldn't take too long," he commented, trying to sound casual. It wasn't a lie though. He'd made a lot of progress since the first set up he'd done for the Church. He could do a much better job by then.

He also wanted to add training arrays for them too, but that was beside the point.

"Are you trying to get us in your debt, Joshua? Because it's working," Gabriel told him with a slightly uncomfortable expression. It made him sigh. He knew the woman and her factions were in a difficult position. They couldn't really afford to be in debt, but still…

"Don't think of it as me doing a job for you. I'm doing this for myself. If you are in a better situation, it means more work is done against Khaos Brigade. I don't care for payment as long as you continue helping deal with them, honestly," he told her, his expression turning serious. "I don't think you or anyone realizes how much I want them gone."

"That's fair," Gabriel replied with a slow nod. Then she glanced towards her people, who were testing out the new training wards. Obviously, nobody had been told that those weren't supposed to be there, but Gabriel was there so it was all obviously fine, right? It was a little amusing, Joshua supposed, to consider all that. "Thank you."

"No need to thank me, honestly. I told you-"

"Still," the angel interrupted, turning towards him with the same gentle expression on her face. There was steel in her eyes though. Somehow, that fit her, even though they were very much not the usual kind and gentle. "Our faction is going through hard times. My siblings and I have to see them struggle every day, so… It's nice to get to see something like this. Things going well without a price, for once, is a gift we will not take lightly."

"You are thinking too much, Gabriel. I've told you, this is for myself too. I find that it's better to give than to receive," he told her, glancing towards the exorcists and others around the training area. Off to the side, Jeanne, Xenovia and Irina were having a very light spar testing out things. It was funny, seeing them like that. They looked like children that had been given a new toy to play with, or at least the exorcists did. Jeanne was used to this kind of set up, really, but she seemed to have fun guiding the other two.

He might have sounded very saintly with what he was saying, but it wasn't like that. Or, at least, he didn't think so. If he gave others the tools to stand in a better position and a reason to think favorably of him, then he'd have less things to worry about. Not only from them, but also from mutual enemies and dangers.

It was just a great way to improve his situation without having to get involved in more dangerous things himself.

"That's…" Gabriel breathed out and Joshua turned to look at her, only to see the woman looking at him with wide eyes as if seeing him for the first time. When he hummed in question, she seemed to be snapped out of her thoughts. "Sorry, that's just… It reminded me of something someone else said a long time ago."

"Does that mean you'll let this go?"

"Not at all," she answered instantly, making him deflate. "We'll find a way to repay you this, Joshua, you can be sure of that."

"I'd rather no-"

"With that said, thank you, again," she continued, completely ignoring him. "This means a lot to me, to all of us," she said, giving him a very warm smile. "And I can assure you that you won't get away with not getting compensation for it."

"Isn't there something in the bible about not expecting payment for favors or something. Fairly sure that's a thing."

"And you aren't expecting anything from doing this, but it's fine for me to do so out of my own volition," Gabriel told him, grinning widely.

"Wow, you work fast, Joshua, I gotta say," Jeanne commented, approaching from where she'd been with Xenovia and Irina. He didn't like the look on her face as she looked between Gabriel and him. At all. "Didn't have en-" she was interrupted by a chop to the head. "Ow, why'd you do that?"

"Because you are being an idiot and idiots need to be made aware of that fact," he told her with a flat expression and tone. "Now, don't be silly and go keep those two from accidentally stabbing each other, yeah? They are getting enthusiastic without you there to keep an eye on them."

"But I'd rather see the show here, looks much more fu-" Another chop was swiftly delivered to her head. "Ow, would you stop that?" she grumbled, swiping his hand off.

He just raised an eyebrow at her.

"Fine, ruin my fun," she grumbled before turning and leaving. Cheshire seemed to decide to join her, leaving his side and moving to follow his sister.

"Sorry about her. She's… a handful," he said, shaking his head at Jeanne's retreating form before turning back to Gabriel. He was a little taken aback by the light dusting of pink on the angel's cheeks, but he guessed that made sense. She must have been very embarrassed by the implications there, even if she didn't know about Yasaka and Serafall, which wasn't a sure thing.

Surely that was it. Because if Jeanne was right, then he might just give up on logic. 'Either I'm going crazy or the world is. Might even be both,' he thought to himself, bringing a hand up to massage his forehead.

"Think nothing of it. Children can often speak without thinking," Gabriel reassured him, waving everything off. There was an odd tone there though. 'No way, right?...' Joshua thought, not even sure how to feel about the possibilities there… "So, about payment-"

"Yeah, how about no?" he interrupted then, happy for the change of subject.

"Joshua!" she exclaimed and he grinned at her. It almost sounded like she was whining, which was actually kind of cute.

[}-o-{]​

"Protective spells have a higher level of variance in their magic energy channeling than they do in the actual magic usage when they are modified?" Meredith asked, hand raised. Smiling, Joshua pointed at her and made a "sort-of" nodding gesture.

"You are both right and wrong," he answered, waving his hand to dispel one of the illusion displaces he'd created in front of the blackboard and making it disappear. Instead, he slowly created a new one. "While most of what you said it's true, a modification in type of damage can vastly change the energy requirements of a spell. After all, a basic shield, for example, needs a lot more energy to block a fire attack than it does a water attack of the same strength, purely because of how much more destructive fire is in nature."

He looked around and saw most of the students quickly taking note of what he was saying along with the display he'd created. Even those that weren't doing that looked like they were taking note of things mentally or at least paying attention. He was glad to see that, honestly.

It had been a while since a student had been confrontational or openly disruptive and Joshua was very happy to note that. Maybe it was the last big example he'd made out of an idiot, with Golden Dawn suffering quite a bit for a short while. Maybe it was because time had passed and he'd become more respectable in other magicians' eyes. Maybe it was a number of other reasons.

Either way, he was glad to see his class going well, for himself and for the students. 'Never thought I'd like this so much, but here I am,' he thought to himself, sharing a look with Margalo who was perched on his desk. 'Life is really full of surprises.'

"Now, any other examples of predictable changes in general settings?" he asked, looking around the room.

"Area coverage spells like wards needing more energy?" a student answered hesitantly, hand half raised. He was in his Ward Magic class, predictably. Joshua replied to that much in the same way he had Meredith.

"Also both right and wrong, can anyone tell me why?"

"Because area coverage isn't everything? One has to account for surface, not area, which varies depending on structures and other things that might increase surface or get in the way of the spell's energy," another student answered, making Joshua grin.

"Couldn't have put it better myself, Mr. Levi," he said, drawing a pleased smile from the young man. "Anyone else?"

"... There are no generically accurate predictions of changes?" a woman asked, making him grin at her.

"Exactly. You can try to predict how modifications will affect the spellwork and how you might have to adapt a circle properly to account for that, but the more generic you try to make it, the more problems you start running into," he explained, taking down another illusion display and setting up another. "No modification is the same as any other, no matter how similar you might think it is. There's always a difference in details here and there that can mean the difference between much more efficient usage of energy and depleting your reserves… Or the difference between having a spell work or explode on your face."

Joshua was pleased to see and hear everyone taking notes once more.

"Here's a somewhat long term project for you, guys," he started, drawing some groans from the class. Still, he continued undeterred. "I want you to modify at least three spells that share one of the modifications required, be it the main one or an adaptive one." The groaning intensified. "Of course, I'll be giving you guys time for this, since it's not even a single modification. Take your time and bring your results for testing whenever they are ready. No deadline for this, take it as a challenge from me instead of homework. You can just not do it if you don't want to."

That drew some confused looks from the class, which was expected. Joshua hadn't done something like that yet. However, his class was going pretty well. He'd taught them most of what he knew. At that point, it was on them to try and get better through practice instead of him having to teach them. They all had different magics, after all, and he wasn't as knowledgeable on them.

So, he was done teaching them, really.

"After all, this is my last project for you. Classes from here on out will be me answering and giving lectures on doubts you might have. I don't have anything more to teach you," he told them, making more than one straighten up where they sat. "Once you finish this project successfully, you'll have managed all the different approaches to a spell modification I've come across that didn't require massive amounts of customizations, which is more of a personal thing that can't really be taught. So, once you've finished this, you can… graduate from this class, if that's even a word that applies here."

There was a moment of silence then before whispers broke out through the classroom. Some were surprised, for sure. Some were even excited, since this was a big step for them. It was one thing to say you were being taught how to modify spells, which seemed to be a big thing in the supernatural world, but it was something else entirely to say you'd graduated from such a class.

Some, however, seemed to be… sad about the prospect.

No guesses on who those were.

Soon, Joshua found himself wrapping things up. Not that there was much else to do though, and his students could barely pay attention with the news they'd been given. Still, he needed to actually send them away and answer some last questions and such.

Once that was done, he found himself in a mostly empty room with Margalo on his shoulder and his group of stars firmly on their seats, if with their things put away already.

He smiled at them.

"Last minute questions?" he asked.

"You know I always have questions," Levi told him jokingly, but didn't seem eager to actually get to those. Instead, he shared a look with his fellow students. "First of all though… will there be like… a continuation of this course? Some other class that will take its place?"

"I imagine the best thing to do would be to start over with a new group," Joshua answered and there was no way of missing the way they deflated. He smiled sadly at them. "You've done a great job. I expect you all will be the first to be done with this assignment, successfully at least. I'll put on an extra good word for you lot too, especially you, Levi. You guys deserve all the opportunities that can be thrown your way and I'll make sure I do what I can to make that happen. If your associations are being idiots, just let me know. I'll get you a nice cozy spot in House of Water."

"Did you join House of Water without anyone knowing?" Dion asked, sounding more curious than joking or anything else.

"No, I haven't, but I have the connections and the association owes me enough to allow me to pull a string or three if I want to," he answered, getting a nod from the woman. She was straightforward like that, he'd learned, blunt and to the point. He could respect that.

"... You'll let us know if there's another class we can take?" Karin asked after a moment's hesitation.

"Of course. What'd I do without my group of stars? Besides, there's still the Ward Magic class. That's going to be around for a while. A lot more I can teach in that, since it involves less customization and personal touches," he explained to them, getting some nods.

"Still, I'll miss this class," George grumbled before sighing. "It was great though."

"Glad to hear, man. Now, off you go. You gotta work on that project and then make a name for yourselves. And Levi, you can send me whatever doubts you have later. With that said, don't forget to give me a little credit when you are great, yeah?" he told them, mostly joking… Which was why he was a little taken aback when they nodded very seriously. "Take care of yourselves and see you in the next Ward class."

Soon, even they were out, leaving only Meredith.

"Things going well?" he asked her, leaning back against his desk.

"A little stressful. Golden Dawn and my family didn't take too… well to what happened. I'm doing my best to ignore them. House of Water has been very nice and accommodating though. Certainly makes things easier," she replied shyly, looking down at the desk in front of her and drawing shapes on it with her finger. "I… Thank you, again."

"It was literally no problem," he reassured her, waving her off. "Just let me know if there's anything I can do to help. I know I might have caused more trouble with this."

"I couldn't ask-" she started, looking up at him quickly.

"You totally can and you will," he told her firmly, staring into her eyes. "Won't you?"

"... Yes, Professor Joshua," she mumbled, pouting as she looked down.

"Good."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Some might think Joshua is going too easy on Kuroka or that he was too hard on her with what happened. Opinions seemed a bit split last time. Although, I'm not sure if those that defended her were really looking at things the right way, since many seem to have forgotten about Joshua's wrists and such… And there's also the fact that Kuroka is an attractive female, which in this fandom…

Anyway, I hope it doesn't seem too OoC for Joshua to do what he did here. I have my reasons and such, but I don't like explaining those. I find it's much more fun to have you guys come up with them. Sometimes you arrive at the same ones I do, and sometimes you think of things even I didn't realize.

There's also the Gabriel part, but I don't think I want to comment on that.

Then there's the class scene, which I find… a little sad. This doesn't mean this is the last class scene, of course. There'll be a new group following this once their last project is done, of course, but it won't be the same. There's also the Ward class, but… it's still not the same. However, there's only so much that Joshua can teach people to customize spells, considering every different branch has its intricacies and such.

Anyway, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: How was your weekend? Mine was… filled with social stuff that has left me exhausted. Thankfully the rest of this week was spent all by myself to recover.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 200 others
Adrian King
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 120 - The Glow of the Fire-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#463
The Glow of the Fire-

"Sirzechs," Joshua greeted with a smile and a nod. "Lord Gremory."

"Joshua."

"Mister Davis," the older Gremory replied, grinning as he held a camera in his hands. "So good to see you," Lord Gremory – Joshua had forgotten his name, but then again, they had never actually met – looked genuinely excited to meet him. "We've never been formally introduced, have we? I'm Zeoticus Gremory. It's a pleasure to meet you."

"Joshua Davis and I could say the same, sir," he replied, taking the hand the man offered to shake.

"None of that. After what you've done for my family? You can call me Zeoticus, or just Zeo," the devil told him, shaking his head emphatically. "Oh, classes are starting!" the man exclaimed then. "If you'll-"

"Go ahead, Zeoticus. Don't let me stop you," Joshua replied with a half-smile that only widened when the Lord Gremory dashed away to see Rias in her class.

"He doesn't get to see Rias nearly as much after she came to the human world. None of us do, but it's what she wants and she's happy," Sirzechs explained, remaining where he was even as he gazed in the direction of his sister's class.

"You can go too, you know? I'm sure we can chat some other time. Jeanne and Asia's class will start soon too," Joshua reassured the Satan. 'When did such a thing become normal enough for me not to think about it that much?' he wondered idly.

"I see my sister quite a bit more now. Especially since I'm a little freer without having to deal with the Phenex as much," Sirzechs said. "Something that I wanted to thank you for, by the way."

"Fairly sure you are paying for that favor. And besides, you've also already thanked me," Joshua commented, glancing down the hall where his sister and Asia's class was located. He saw the two of them a whole lot though, so there wasn't any rush, really. Parents Day was… interesting though. Fun, at the very least, he guessed.

"Still, don't think I'm not aware about how you usually are with debts and favors. You have a reputation already, Joshua," Sirzechs commented with a smile and a shake of his head. "Regardless, do let me know if there's anything I can do to help you."

"Well, not that I'm pulling my favor for this, but about Kuroka…?"

"Ah, tricky that," Sirzechs said, his expression falling a little bit and taking a more annoyed tinge. "We are gathering information on that to support her side, but the pillars won't be happy about it once we start trying to do something about it. Which we have to, if only so that nobody else gets ideas as dangerous as Naberius did."

"Well, if I can do something to help-"

"You don't think we owe you enough?" Sirzechs asked, looking more amused than anything. "I'll keep that in mind though."

"I'm the one housing the criminal, you know? It'd be nice to have some reassurance that no devil will come to attack my place," Joshua replied with a shrug. If he was going to bring Koneko into the mix though, he also wanted some reassurances on that front. Last thing he wanted was to give the girl her sister back only for it all to go up in flames in front of her.

"I'll keep you up to date," Sirzechs said before taking a deep breath in. "For now, I'd rather focus on my family than business if it's all the same to you."

"I feel the same way, don't worry. Don't be a stranger, yeah?"

"Same, Joshua. Any friend of Serafall's is a friend of mine, after all," the man told him with a wink. 'Well, that's… not really surprising,' Joshua thought, turning to look at his devil partner who was very excitedly gushing about her sister some distance away. He could only imagine how mortifying that was for poor Sona.

As it was, he'd had enough of that for a while since they'd come together to the school. He likely would listen a lot about Serafall's observations during the day, but for the moment, he had a break. Thus, he moved to check on the people he was there for.

Reaching Jeanne's class, he actually looked at a number of people. Jeanne primarily, of course, but Asia was a very close second. If it weren't for the Church and the mess it could bring, he'd have asked if the girl wanted to be adopted, honestly. As it was, she was basically a sister in all but name, and that had nothing to do with her status as a nun. She'd been with them for a while, and there was no denying that Jeanne and him loved her dearly. She was just too good not to, really.

He also checked on Issei and Aika though, since they were… apprentices of sorts, he guessed. He didn't think they actually counted, since he basically just gave them nudges in what he thought was the right direction. He wasn't training them as much as he imagined would be needed for the title to count. They were nice kids though, good friends for Jeanne and, especially, Asia. He'd grown fond of them, there was no denying that, especially Issei.

The least he could do was watch out for them.

'To think I'd grow fond of freaking Issei Hyoudou,' Joshua thought with a smile and a shake of his head.

His attention was then taken when Jeanne turned towards him and waved, a gesture that he returned. His expression twitched a second later when the girl sitting next to his sister caught that and blushed beet red. 'Please don't,' he thought to himself, turning his expression to a glare when Jeanne started giggling quietly where she sat.

Asia seemed to notice the interaction between them, turning to beam at him and waving excitedly. That, however, seemed to be too much for the teacher, who narrowed her eyes at the girl. After she chastised Asia, Joshua grinned guiltily. Maybe he could make it up to her later with one of her favorite meals.

[}-o-{]​

"Are you gonna glare at me through the whole meal?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at Serafall as the woman sipped from the straw of her drink, pouting at him with her eyes narrowed. She'd been doing that pretty much since they left Kuoh. Hell, she'd been doing that since before then. "That woman wasn't staring at me anyway."

"Was," his girlfriend replied simply. He still wasn't sure if that was the right word for it but they'd never really put a label on things. He also guessed it wasn't really necessary. Things were fine without complicating things and his awkward ass sure as hell wasn't going to bring the topic up.

Back to the conversation though, Joshua sighed.

"Even if she was, what's there to be angry about?" he asked, bringing his hand up to massage his forehead. "I'm with you and Yasaka. Believe me, I'm perfectly happy with just that. I already feel like I'm struggling and worrying I'll screw up half the time. I'm fine with things as they are."

"We are happy too," she said, her previous anger seemingly vanishing into thin air. That is, before she frowned at him. "You don't have anything to worry about though. Did I do something?"

"No, no, nothing at all. It's just… my non-existent social skills that worry me. I don't want to mess anything up," he explained, making her beam at him in a way that had him smiling almost against his will. That was one of the reasons he liked Serafall. She just… projected happiness, for lack of a better word. It was difficult to feel bad around her.

"Silly Josh. You are fine. We knew what we were getting into anyway, and you've been doing great anyway," she reassured, actually managing to push his worries back. They likely would come back later, but for the moment he felt better. "You are maybe too fine though," she added, making him blink in confusion. "No wonder that poor mother couldn't keep her eyes to herself."

Joshua groaned then.

"What?! You can't hate me for telling the truth."

"Whatever," he grumbled, bringing his cup of tea to his lips. "Can we not talk about her?"

"I'm fine with that~" Serafall replied, looking like a happy camper once more. Besides the… incident with the aforementioned mother at Kuoh, she had looked fairly content throughout the day. It was no surprise though. She loved Sona about as much as Joshua loved Jeanne, maybe even more.

"Had a good time, huh?" he asked, getting a happy hum as she continued drinking her disgustingly sweet beverage… if it could be called that. He felt a little sick just remembering the stuff the thing had in it.

"A great time," she answered, grinning widely like a child on Christmas. That is, before her expression… It didn't drop, not really, but it did soften and turn into something more… melancholic, he supposed. "She's the best thing that has ever happened to me," she said, catching him off guard a little. "I know Sirzechs feels the same way about Rias. After the civil war… it finally felt like it had all been worth it when they were born."

"I can't say I understand completely, but I guess it's similar to how I felt with my familiars and Jeanne," he replied leaning forward looking to the side thoughtfully. "It wasn't nearly as bad, of course, but you know what happened to my parents, I'm sure."

"First of all, it doesn't matter that you don't understand completely, or at all. As far as I'm concerned, that's a good thing," Serafall told him with a slight frown on her face. "Second of all… Yes, I know."

"Thank you," he replied with a hint of a smile. "And…I wasn't in a good place for quite a while. I am… a coward, I guess," he continued, glancing down as he let the illusions on his wrists fall and revealed the scars underneath. He didn't look at them often, admittedly. He didn't like doing so, didn't like remembering what they represented and what they meant about him. "But then I found them, one by one, and they gave me a purpose, made life more… just more," he finished, placing the illusion on it once more.

"I don't think you are or were a coward, Joshua," Serafall told him, extending a hand and placing it over one of his. "I've done things I'm not proud of in moments like that too. Sometimes, it can be too much, even for the strongest of people," she reassured him.

"I feel like I made things about me," he commented, smiling self-deprecatingly. "All I wanted to say is that I understand, if only a bit."

"I think it's more than a bit, and don't worry. I make things about me enough as is," Serafall told him, smiling softly at him. "I kind of feel bad sometimes, selfish, about how much I make others go along with my antics."

"Well, you don't have to worry about that with me, I can tell you that. It's nice to have some cheer and innocent fun around," he replied.

"Innocent, huh?" she said then and he felt dread forming in him. He didn't like that glint in her eyes. Not at all. "So, the way your eyes stray when I hop around in my costume is completely-"

"Oh, shut up, Sera," he interrupted, taking a napkin and throwing it at her face. He glared halfheartedly at her while the woman giggled. "Way to ruin the moment."

"... I'm glad to hear that though," she told him once she'd calmed down. "But that's enough of the heavy stuff, how were the kids in Jeanne's class?" she asked, to which he chuckled and leaned back, bringing his cup of tea to his lips.

"Well, the girls are doing fine and Hyouodou is doing surprisingly well too…" he started answering.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua grabbed Koneko's fist, grimacing as he felt the sting of the force behind it on his palm. Life Strengthening was great and all, but he clearly was a little behind in growth speed when compared to a Nekoshou. System or not, he wasn't quite that broken, at least in regards to Senjutsu. 'Maybe if I took advantage of the Professor title by teaching Senjutsu to others,' he thought with a wry grin as he continued sparring with the white-haired girl.

Even if she was growing faster, he was keeping up decently well. Sure, maybe he was cheating a bit by using his training arrays and such to even things out, but, in his defense, he was fighting Koneko using her main style with what was, at best, his… third battle approach?

He was a magician, not a Senjutsu fighter. He used his spells, wards, hexes and boons. At a stretch one could count his neutral and illusion magics. After that came his daggers, even if that'd offend Setan Kober and Carnwennan to no end. Then, one could argue that the next part of his repertoire were his familiars, but if one didn't count them then it's when Senjutsu came in.

'Maybe I should stop making excuses,' he thought as he parried a kick with his arm.

"You've been training less," Koneko pointed out with that emotionless tone of hers. "You slowed down."

"You are not wrong. I've been a little busy," he replied, grateful for the pause on the spar. He wasn't even lying. It just seemed that he always had more things to work on. Project Awakening, Project Ascension, improving his arrays, training with his other skills, spending time with his family, with Yasaka and Serafall, teaching classes, working at the cafe on occasion. 'I need longer days,' he thought with a sigh.

"You are always busy," she pointed out.

"Again, you are not wrong," he agreed with a weary chuckle. Then he cracked his neck and looked at Koneko. "A little more and then a break?" he asked, making the girl blink and tilt her head.

"With snacks?"

"Always," he confirmed, drawing a slight smile from her. Maybe it was because of how rare such expressions were on her, but he thought she looked very cute when she smiled. He didn't have much time to appreciate such an uncommon sight, however.

No, he was too busy trying not to get his ass kicked by a little girl.

Some time after that, both of them were sitting off to the side of the training area, watching the rest of her peerage sparring with the Fallen and occasionally his familiars. Between them, there was a tray full of snacks, two glasses and a jug. He'd sent a message to Asia to see if she wanted to join them, but apparently she was taking care of a particularly tricky plant. He had offered to help, but the girl seemed very into it and wanted to do it herself.

Considering this was her hobby, he decided to just let her be. God knew he would be a little upset if someone got in the middle of his tinkering. Especially if they didn't really have much of an idea of how it went. He could appreciate help, but sometimes it just wasn't necessary. Especially when he was doing it just for himself instead of for something that had a time limit or something like that.

"... You want to tell me something," Koneko mumbled, making him blink and turn towards her.

"Sort of," he admitted, because he didn't want to lie to her. The poor girl had enough lies in her life already, even if she didn't know the half of it. "I'm kind of waiting for a good moment to bring it up. I'm also wondering if it's a good idea at all."

She hummed then, but didn't say much else after that. While she munched on some cookies, he considered what she'd brought up. He'd said he would try to talk to her about Kuroka and he'd meant it, but he had never given a hard time frame for that. On the other hand, it felt a little shitty of him to just put it off for an extended period of time.

"Is that why you mask your scent?" Koneko asked, giving him pause once more. "The illusion is good, but not great."

"... In my defense, I don't have a good frame of reference for scent illusions. My nose isn't that good," he said with a wry smile. 'Although, maybe I should try channeling a deity that can help with that,' he mused. He was a bit hesitant to just call on the Egyptian gods for training and stuff that wasn't all that serious, but maybe he was worrying too much?

Either way, none of them felt the need to reassure him or answer those doubts for him, the assholes.

"... What is it?" Koneko asked, keeping her eyes on the training people all the while, like she had so far in the conversation. Joshua took a deep breath in, gathering his thoughts for a moment.

"Your sister is here," he answered softly. The girl stiffened where she sat, but otherwise didn't move. Cheshire was keeping an eye on her, just like he was with his spells. Even with that, Joshua would be hard pressed to guess what she was feeling.

"... I thought that might be it," Koneko whispered surprisingly. "So… is she a very bad or a very good person?" she asked, making him blink. Well, this conversation had a lot more surprises than he'd expected, and that was saying something. "You once told me you thought she could be either… because she might have done it for me?"

"I did say something along those lines," Joshua remembered then, nodding slowly. "I think she was… a good person. Maybe not the best nor the worst, but she did it for you… And I think that should count for something," he explained as best he could.

Koneko nodded slowly.

"Can I think it over?"

"You can do whatever you want, Koneko. If you never want to talk or see her again, that's what's going to happen," he told her softly. "You don't need to do anything in regards to this. Regardless of what happened back then, your sister made some… questionable decisions. She's a criminal and as one she has to pay for what she did. She's been making progress in that regard, but it's a slow thing."

"Do you think things could be… fine?"

"Maybe with time. Things have been going well."

"I see… Thank you."

"For what?" he asked, a little confused. He didn't think he'd done anything worth being thanked for. If anything, he'd been ready for things to be a bit… rough, but the conversation had gone surprisingly smoothly. Maybe too smoothly, actually.

"Just, thank you."

"You are welcome, I guess."

[}-o-{]​

"She said that?" Kuroka asked and the desperation on her expression really got to him. Joshua could understand that, after all. He imagined he would look much the same if he was told he could have a chance at being with his family, the one he'd lost. If nothing else, he could very easily empathize with that.

"She did," he confirmed with a nod, glancing to the side where the Fallen were dutifully assaulting another Hexennacht base. This one looked a little bigger, better stocked than usual, but that was on purpose. He'd targeted one of those instead of the usually small one, since that'd probably catch them off guard.

Granted, it had a chance of backfiring on him, but…

That was part of his plan too, so it was a win-win situation, really. If things went well, then nothing would happen and he'd likely get even more resources he could trade or use himself. If things went less well, then he'd get someone actually strong from the association to finally show up. Joshua actually wasn't too sure if that wasn't better than the alternative, really.

After all, that would be quite a hit to them once he beat them. 'Although, maybe I shouldn't be overconfident,' he mused. Then again, he was prepared. He had information, from his metaknowledge as much as from his raids. He hadn't come into this blind and that meant he had an automatic advantage since his raid array was prepared for basically everything he knew about.

"Thank you," Kuroka told him. He went to say something, but she continued before he could. "I know you aren't doing this for me, not really, but thank you anyway. I really appreciate it."

"Don't mention it," he replied, taking a deep breath in. "Just don't do anything stupid, because your sister has been through enough as is. If you make things worse, I swear, I'll find a way to make things worse for you than you already think they would be," he threatened, letting some Bloodlust slip through.

The Nekoshou gulped, giving him a stiff nod.

"Go along then, this base won't attack itself," he commented, relaxing a little and drawing a grin from the woman. She still felt nervous, from what he could pick up, but at least she wasn't acting so out of character it made things weird in all sorts of ways. She didn't say much else before doing as she was told while Joshua watched.

His daggers whispered to him, as they usually did when there was a battle going on. Setan Kober in particular was just begging for a battle, but he did his best to settle them down. An easy win wouldn't satisfy them, after all. No, he had plans for a fight, and he was sure that it'd come eventually.

Khaos Brigade wouldn't just stay quiet while the alliance of factions worked against them. They'd do something eventually, he was sure of that. Joshua was just waiting for them to strike, at that point, all the while trying to weaken them as best he could. Maybe he was more or less successful but he couldn't do much else for the moment.

As he watched his group go about their business as usual, he felt something different.

'Finally caught up, huh?' he thought, turning to the side. Tilting his head, he flexed his control on his spells to shift most of the power to the lockdown and the defensive parts. Nobody was allowed to get out, but, more importantly…

Nobody was allowed to get in either.

"Hurry up," he said, using a simple communication spell to deliver the message to everyone. None of them needed more motivation than that, giving it their all to deal with every magician they could find as fast as possible. With a deep breath in, he pulled Setan Kober and Carnwennan from a Storage Spell and twirled them in his hands.

They were eager, that was for sure, and very happy as he informed them of what was coming. 'Let's see how well my preparations work on this,' Joshua thought, a little excited himself as a smile formed on his face. Maybe he was a little crazy for reacting like that to what was coming his way, but…

Well, the world was getting to him. Or maybe it was the influence of his familiars. Maybe it was even his closer connection to the Egyptian Pantheon. Who was to know?

Regardless of it all, he reached through the aforementioned connection and channeled the first god that offered them support, which was Shed. By then familiar lines and designs appeared on his skin as he felt the power course through him and hone his senses. The daggers in his hands felt like they were extensions of his own body as he prepared and he got a much better feel of how his familiars were doing.

They weren't done, nor were the Fallen nor Kuroka, but it was what it was. His spells couldn't hold up much longer as the power was literally burned out of them. 'Time to face the music,' he thought, grin still in place. 'This is what I was looking for, after all.'

A hole appeared in his array then and the whole thing started falling apart. He wasn't too worried though. He had kind of expected this to happen. He was prepared for that.

"So you are the one that has been a thorn on my side for this long," the shape that appeared in the middle of purple flames said. Soon, a woman walked out of the fire, an annoyed expression on her face. "I know you. You are Agnes' new pet project."

"Good to finally meet you, whoever you are," Joshua replied, readying himself. This probably wouldn't be an easy fight, even with his preparations… but that only made it better, as far as his weapons were concerned. If worse came to worst, he had a team ready to back him up. "This is my fight for now," he told them though, mainly because he didn't want his familiars or Jeanne anywhere near this mad woman.

"My name," the new arrival hissed, the purple fire behind her flaring up. "is Walburga, leader of Hexennacht," she told him, glaring at him. "Now… burn!"

And so Joshua faced the Incinerate Anthem wielder with a smile on his face.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, all's nice and Slice of Life-ish, some school stuff, some training stuff, some raid stuff and some… Wait, what?

Honestly, this was always going to happen. Anyone that knew anything about Hexennacht in canon knew this, at least. However, I wasn't sure when it'd pop up. It could have happened a few raids in, I suppose, but then Agnes and Elizabeth made their move, which derailed things a little and delayed this. It could have come later too, if something else had happened, but nothing did, so…

Here we are. Joshua is once more facing a Longinus. Will it be easy? Will there be a struggle? Who knows?

I hope you enjoyed the chapter though.

Random Question: Do you like traveling? I don't. It usually leaves me exhausted. Which sucks, because I have to do a lot of that on a semi-regular basis.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 199 others
Adrian King
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
9
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
132 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 121 - -Will Light up the Night
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#464
-Will Light up the Night

The purple, flaming wave rushed towards him and he should have been afraid. The air was the one that changed first, at first feeling like when one places their hands too close over a heater but quickly growing to over a campfire and then it just hurt and burned. Joshua didn't stay to feel that though, simply teleporting away and calling it day before the fire could reach him. He didn't even stop twirling his daggers, who were ready.

Carnwenan was standing at attention like a noble knight.

Setan Kober was raring to go and slice like a madman.

Joshua could admit, in the privacy of his mind, that it felt nice. He was never a great fan of fighting, nor training, but he did it because there was no other choice. However, there was something good about facing someone that he couldn't in a million years have dreamed of facing before and knowing he stood a chance. That his weapons felt so positively about the whole thing was a nice bonus.

He didn't have much time to think though, as the fire came back for him.

He just teleported again, however.

"You aren't going to do that forever, are you?" Walburga asked with a growl, staring at him in more annoyance than anything else. There was some feeling of disappointment there too, not only from her but from his weapons as they realized what he was going to do. He'd make it up to them though, eventually.

"Not forever, no," Joshua answered casually with a shrug. If anything, that seemed to anger the witch further… but that was fine. It was what he wanted anyway, making his lips pull up into a smile.

"You'll end up dead anyway!" she shouted at him, waving her hand at him again. The effect was the same, however. A wave of fire and a teleport. This time though, she was prepared, obviously. Instead of a straight flame, she turned this one into a wave that spread all around her in a circle.

He just teleported a second time and into the air this time, making a quick Neutral Shield to stand on.

"Are you gonna annoy me to death?" Walburga asked, looking up at him, feigning boredom. "Certainly a better option than those toys," she added, and Joshua felt his weapons bristle at the insult. "Is that how you've been taking down these little hide outs of mine?" she asked then, and even though she was pretending like what he'd been doing all that time wasn't a big deal, he knew differently.

"No, but I might try," Joshua answered, his voice calm, even friendly some would say. A smile formed on his face, as he continued buying himself time. He just needed to figure some things out. In the meantime… "I gotta say, Longinus wielders have been disappointing so far. I thought something like Incinerate Anthem would-" He was almost interrupted by another attack, but he dodged it just as easily as the others. This time, she'd made a wave in the shape of a sphere… but she didn't cover the whole inside of it as it spread. "-be more-" He continued, standing right before the woman. Unfortunately, she reacted faster than he'd expected, covering herself in the purple flames. "… impressive. This is almost sad," he finished, teleporting away once more.

Tilting his head, he considered what to do. He didn't think he'd be able to surprise the woman enough to use his daggers on her. Not just like that, no. He needed a better opportunity and for that he needed to improve his situation.

And for that, he just needed to come up with some things.

And he needed time for that. So, he'd have to keep it up a little.

"You take down an overconfident idiot and stall another and suddenly feel like you belong in the big leagues, huh?" Walburga asked him, insulted. "That's just sad. Especially for someone that can only run."

"It's cute that you-" He teleport-dodged again. "-think you aren't an overconfident idiot," he continued easily, a grin on his face. His mind kept working. He kept reading the information his senses and his spells provided.

Because Walburga had burned those latter ones, but only some of them. The ones that touched her. The lockdown spells, the shield spells, the draining spells, all of them had been burned to nothing, even though that shouldn't even be possible. It was still only the ones that directly touched her though, the ones that she noticed. So, everything else was still in place and his sensing spells continued doing good work, probably because he'd spent time camouflaging them so that nobody would be able to sense them, at least through magic, as best he could.

So, Joshua continued doing what he did best, analyzing, scheming, preparing…

… and he'd make his move eventually. He just needed time and the woman looked like she was going to give him all the time in the world.

"I grow tired of your babbling, Davis," Walburga told him, like he was less and less of a threat by the second. That was perfect. That's what he wanted, as he continued teleporting, further, closer. He faked a grimace as he was forced to use a shield to block the flames. The fire burned his energy at a breakneck pace but he had plenty of that stored in his remaining spells from what he'd stolen from the Hexennacht members. "I expected better, but I guess all legends are exaggerated."

"Funny," he said, under a sphere of his own magic. "I was going to say the same."

"What-?" she started asking, but he didn't stay still long enough to let her finish. Instead, he teleported away, further from where they'd been "fighting". He stood over the array he'd cast for the raid. Some spells had fallen when Walburga made her entrance, but some continued active. Quickly, he recast some spells and added some more that he'd adapted on the fly.

Knowing that Walburga led Hexennacht had made preparing a little easier but not by much. There was only so much that he could learn from books, even if he had a lot of those. He could have gotten more precise information if he pulled his threads on the Church and Heaven's side or maybe even with Azazel, but nobody could give him the precise information that he needed for his spells.

So, he'd prepared as best he could instead.

From there, Joshua picked all that he could gather in as short a time as his "fight" with Walburga had lasted. Granted, his scan wasn't top notch like those at his home or anywhere that didn't have a rush job done, but they'd do. Mostly because he'd made a bunch of very specific spells just for this and not for most anything else.

Now, with that information and some quick spellcrafting in his brain that was almost second nature after so long…

Joshua repaired the damage Incinerate Anthem had done to his spells and then added some more.

"You think that'll do anything, Davis?!" Walburga shouted as he teleported back to where she was, grinning widely. Carnwennan and Setan Kober urged him to go in, but he needed a moment more. "I can literally burn your little spells! This is not-" she choked on her words though, when his changes took effect.

Walburga paled.

And Joshua grinned.

[}-o-{]​

[Walburga]

What had Davis done?

That was all she could wonder as she felt the shift in her surroundings.

The first thing she'd noticed was the spells that prevented anyone from going in or out of the place. She'd been unconcerned about those though. She'd burned her way through those and she could do it again. Same for the shields that had come up, really.

The next thing she noticed was a little more… annoying, really. Those were the spells that slowly took away her magic. Those had been no problem before, of course, just like the other ones. Such should have been the case after Davis cast them again, she knew.

Except it wasn't.

Walburga burnt them, but it did nothing. The spell disappeared for a fraction of a second before it seemed to appear again without Davis even moving from where he stood in front of her. He knew she noticed, however, if the lazy half-smile on his face was any indication.

"Neat, isn't it?" he commented, like they were two people in the street and not magicians fighting to the death. "It was a little rude of you to just burn my spells, but I'll forgive you… Easily replaced, after all," Davis said.

Walburga felt a chill run down her spine as she looked at him then. She hadn't really paid much attention before, but now… Now, her perception of the man was very different from a second before.

Before, the black markings that grew on his skin were a lot more silly in the casual clothing he wore. Instead, they were now a promise and a warning, like bright coloring in nature could be. Now, those signaled someone that should be taken seriously. They signaled someone that was far from normal and inconsequential.

Before, the lockdown and shield spells had been a cardboard surface that she could just burn a hole through. Instead, they were now a trap, one that loomed over her menacingly, a steel cage, circling beasts and the promise of no way out. It was all that and Walburga had never felt so claustrophobic in such an open space before.

Before, the spells that tried to take her energy were a silly thing, like someone trying to put out a forest fire with a water gun. Instead, they were now like the rain, falling on her, a drop at a time. Small and ephemeral by themselves but significant and unending when in groups. The spells surrounded her, syringes, mosquitos and the threat of emptiness. Walburga could feel them chipping away at her reserves, one negligible bit at a time.

"What's the matter?" Davis asked, his half-smile turning into a sharp smirk. His eyes and expression, previously casual, became something much more menacing. "I thought I was going to burn," he commented, starting to slowly approach her.

Unconsciously, Walburga took a step back. Not only because things were looking a lot more dire then and there, but also because the man kept playing with those knives. Weapons that were a lot more dangerous now that there was a seed of doubt in her mind that she could, at worst, get away.

Now that things looked a little more dangerous, she was wary of those demonic and holy blades. 'What kind of combination is that anyway?!' she thought, taking a deep breath in as her expression turned back to a snarl. 'And who the fuck does he think he is?!' she added, her eye twitching as her purple flames exploded around her once more.

She didn't have anything to worry about. She could take this man anyway, worrisome spells or not. Incinerate Anthem could take anything, could burn anything. She'd burn his spells again and again until he couldn't cast them anymore. The energy had to come from somewhere and Walburga's fire was a lot less expensive than his spells, she was sure.

Her fire would outlive the man's spells.

'Then why don't I feel better?' a tiny corner of her mind wondered as she gulped. The action was hidden, however, by the purple flames that continued to burn more and more magic, from both her and the man she was there to take care of. She just needed to continue and then kill the bastard.

Davis had truly been a thorn on her side, after all. Base after base started disappearing from the map. It was difficult to track down Stray Magic Associations at best, so very few people that weren't hers knew about it. However, it kept happening and soon others started noticing that Hexennacht was less and less active. It didn't take long for people to start putting two and two together.

Walburga had been waiting for this chance to right things. She couldn't appear weak at the best of times, but with Khaos Brigade breathing down her neck? She needed to fix things before someone decided that she was too useless to keep around.

"Surrender," the man told her. "Surrender. I'll capture you, you'll be imprisoned and that'll be that. I want to know everything about-"

"You are delusional," she told him. "I am Walburga, leader of Hexennacht and wielder of Incinerate Anthem. You are beneath me and I will show you why you shouldn't have messed with powers you don't know about! You don't know who you've annoy-"

"You talking about Khaos?" the man asked her, his voice flat.

"So you know-"

"They are why I've been targeting you," he informed her, freezing her where she was.

Nothing had pointed at him having something against Khaos. At least not enough to do something like this. Walburga would have known. Davis was too high profile not to have heard of it at some point. She kept an eye and an ear out for such things!

Joshua Davis was no nobody, she knew. She hadn't known it was him that was attacking them, but she knew of him anyway. Nobody that was anyone in the magician world didn't know of him. The man that could tweak magic into being whatever he wanted. The man that could take a spell and turn it into something completely different in no time at all.

Also the man that supposedly held a lot of sway in some prominent places too, one of which was the Youkai faction. The man that had supposedly defeated the wielder of Dimension Lost. The man that had supposedly stalled Annihilation Maker. Those latter two were flukes, she had heard, that had happened only because he was in the right place at the right time and had been lucky at the same time they were unlucky. The grapevine of Khaos Brigade had made sure she knew about those. Georg had been overconfident. Leonardo had to leave because of Azazel and Divine Dividing…

Unless some of the other rumors she heard were true instead, but…

All of those claims seemed ridiculous anyway. Walburga knew better than to believe them, because the Supernatural was full of crazy but it was never that crazy. Maybe there was some truth behind it all, but it was never as outlandish as it was told.

He might not have been a nobody, but he shouldn't be on her level!

"But you don't care, do you? You are just a crazy bitch and I knew that," Davis said, chuckling lightly.

And yet, as she stood there with the man himself walked with his blonde hair turning brown…

"Somehow, I had still thought that…" he continued speaking before trailing off..

And yet, as she watched the man slowly approach her with a chuckle that echoed over the fire…

"I don't even know what I thought," his voice was more of a growl then.

And yet, as she stepped back again even covered by her flames while the markings vanished from his body…

Despite all that, Walburga felt afraid.

She felt very afraid.

"I'm not burning," Davis told her, his eyes piercing through the purple and shine of Incinerate Anthem to stare at her. "Why… Aren't I burning-" he asked her, and it was like he was getting bigger the closer he got. Unnaturally so. "-Walburga?" he finished asking, with pits for eyes glaring at her and a grin that seemed to split his face.

"What are you?!" she asked, shouted more like. Because how? How were the spells still caging her? How were they still sucking the energy out of her? There was nothing her fire couldn't burn, so how?! "Why aren't you burning?!"

"I was going to be nice," the man said, his voice soft and yet carrying over to her. "I was going to be nice and channel my inner savior," he told her. "But I don't think so anymore. You wanted chaos, didn't you?"

"You are nothing," Walburga said, pulling at her flames like she never had before. She needed to burn his spells. She needed to burn her way out. Davis was more than she'd ever thought, but he wasn't going to get her. Nothing could contain Incinerate Anthem! "You are nothing!"

The spells burned, but she couldn't make a hole. Every layer of her cage had another behind it and they recovered before she could get through them all. Every spell that took her magic kept coming back no matter how much magic she poured into it.

"I'm nothing, aren't I?" Davis asked, not with a chuckle but with a full on laugh this time. "Then what does that make you? Trapped by nothing. Weakened by nothing," he continued, still laughing at her.

"Shut up!" she screamed, her fire flaring up even more and she pushed through the spells. They had to burn eventually. They had to die out. They would. And if that didn't work, she could just burn Davis.

But he didn't burn. Instead, he turned into… sand?! And then he floated, or flew, or something, to the side. And even without a mouth she could hear him laugh at her. Even as she tried to burn him, his voice echoed.

"What does that make you, Walburga?" he asked her, forming behind her and making her turn back to him reforming. "Defeated by nothing."

"You haven't beaten me!" she shouted, her purple flames flaring even more than before. Because all she wanted was to burn him. All she wanted was to burn the spells. All she wanted was to burn everything, so that he'd shut up and the cold hand of fear would release her heart. "You haven't!" she cried out, sending a wave of flames where he was.

Only for him to teleport again.

"Why won't you-?!" she started asking as she turned around again. Because she was sure that he'd appear behind her again, or to her sides or… But he didn't, and her question was interrupted because suddenly speaking was hard. Suddenly there was a stabbing pain on her back. Suddenly, she felt like the area around her chest was burning and itching and festering and-

Another stabbing pain, this time cold and smooth and clean and-

"Why won't you?" Davis asked as Walburga fell to her knees. The fire around her started dying out. Stopping herself from hitting the floor with her hands, she coughed and saw red splatter over the ground. "Longinus wielders have been disappointing," he repeated at her while she saw feet appear next to her.

She wanted to burn him, so much…

And yet, all she could do was struggle to breath and create some weak fire that wasn't even enough to keep the man's spells away. All she could do was cough more blood and fall flat on her face. All she could do was whimper lightly as she felt the full might of Davis' magic on her and the edges of her vision started closing in on her.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He let Set's influence bleed away from him as he sighed.

Joshua had wanted to channel Shed's power and he had… but he'd been so pissed off at Walburga midway through the whole encounter that he wanted to terrify her… And Set had been all for that, much more suited for the job than the savior deity.

There were a bunch of reasons for that to be the case. Set's sand travel was a lot more effective at keeping him away from Walburga's fire and a lot more effective at annoying her than just teleporting. It gave her the illusion that she could maybe hit him.

He was also much better for his goal of getting in her head. He had that much more unnerving feeling to him. Shed had some of that of his own, as a hunter, but he was also a savior. He was much better at reassuring people than he was scaring them like Set.

At the end there, Joshua had switched again though, because he needed Shed's uncanny aim more than he needed more fear and sand travel. Not because he didn't think he could hit Walburga, but because he wanted to hit her just right. From a distance and in the middle of her Longinus fire, Joshua hadn't been confident on hitting precisely where he wanted by himself, even with his stats and skills.

"That fire," he heard Jeanne beside him, having approached at some point. He turned towards her as Walburga continued gasping for air. Some of his spells had taken over though, keeping her alive. He didn't want to let her die, after all. "That fire was… imposing."

"It was," he agreed, even if he'd likely felt it less than her. Channeling deities had a way of making big things seem smaller. His sister didn't have that, however. He was impressed that she'd even approached as fast as she had.

He was even more impressed that she didn't seem affected by what he'd done. What he was doing, really, keeping an enemy alive and in agony. She didn't know why he was doing that though and she still seemed perfectly fine. It was like the girl didn't even think he could do something wrong.

Which was both reassuring and scary at the same time.

"You haven't killed her yet," Jeanne pointed out, not quite a question but more of an observation.

"Longinus," Joshua answered anyway. Just in case, he continued. "I don't want her Sacred Gear to go back into the system. I'd rather know where it is. Besides, hers is special."

"Why?" Jeanne asked, tilting her head. She was either trying to remember something about Incinerate Anthem or waiting for the voices to tell her something. Maybe it was even both things. Ultimately, she didn't seem to find answers of her own.

"Incinerate Anthem can choose to willingly abandon a wielder," he explained, making her eyes widen. "So, there's even more reasons than usual."

"Like information," she added, drawing a proud smile from him that had her preening. Just like there'd been a reason to let Georg live back when he'd attacked them, there was a reason to keep someone as high profile as Walburga alive. She clearly knew a thing or two about Khaos Brigade and Joshua was going to find out all of the secrets she could know.

"Exactly," he replied unnecessarily, feeling the Fallen and Kuroka approaching. "Business as usual, you four. Get to it. Raynare, you are in charge," he ordered, drawing nods all around and watching as they moved towards the base as they usually would.

'Wonder if that'll get easier at some point,' Joshua thought in regards to his last words. More precisely, about how at ease he was uttering such a command. There was a time when he wouldn't have trusted Raynare with breathing for herself and now he was giving her command of people and having her do things for him.

'This world is full of surprises,' he thought wryly as he turned back to Walburga. His wards were almost done draining her completely, so he leaned down and grabbed Setan Kober before pulling it out of her back. The boons in place quickly got to healing the damage while he moved to pull out Carnwennan.

Both weapons were happy to have dealt the finishing blow, but they hadn't seen nearly as much action as they wished. He'd make it up to them later. Incinerate Anthem was more than a worthy adversary but it was very ill-suited for them. With some luck, the next big shot he faced would allow him to use his daggers.

He could feel both of their agreements in his mind, making him smile.

[Quest Complete: Defeat Walburga.

Reward:

+25 Levels to all Stats.

+15 Levels to Ward Magic.

+15 Levels to Hex Magic.

+10 Levels to Boon Magic.

+10 Levels to Throwing Weapons.

+20 Levels to Heat Resistance.

+20 Levels to Light Resistance.]

He'd barely started reading the screen when he froze, however.

"Josh," Jeanne mumbled beside him, looking at the same time he did as his head snapped towards Walburga. Or, more precisely, towards the purple flame that floated out of her. Roughly the size of his fist, the thing stopped as it hovered in front of his face.

His attention was then stolen by a game screen appearing, but not blue like usual or beige like the Egyptian ones. No, this one was bright white and shining with iridescent light. It was a familiar sight, if an old one. It was the same kind of screen that had told him to help Jeanne.

[Quest: Find a new Wielder for Incinerate Anthem.

Reward:

+???]

'Well, this is… something…'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, fight scenes aren't something that I have a lot of confidence with, admittedly, and fighting chapters even less. However, I'm somewhat happy with this one. I know it's not the greatest fight of all time, but Joshua isn't a very fight oriented person and his "fight style" reflects that. There likely won't be many or any grand shounen style fights, if you know what I mean.

Regardless, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any guesses for who's gonna get Incinerate Anthem?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 209 others
Adrian King
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 122 - Awake and Alive
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#467
Awake and Alive

"So, it happened," Yasaka said with pursed lips and a frown on her face. She didn't look happy to see that he'd won a fight against another Longinus, it seemed. Not that Joshua blamed her though. He could take a guess about what she was thinking and it was likely along the lines of "why'd you stupidly put yourself in danger like that?" or some such. Not that she'd voice that, since they all knew the answer.

"Yep," he replied, his somber expression contrasting the casual way he answered. "It was… not as bad as I thought it'd be," he added, receiving an unimpressed raised eyebrow from both Yasaka and Serafall. "What? It wasn't," he argued, feigning being insulted.

"We'll still have words about this, Josh," the Satan said ominously. "But I guess we gotta talk about the fire in the room, huh?" she said, twisting the saying as then all turned to look at the purple flames that floated about around Joshua. He'd tried to store them in a spell or something like that, but it was no use. It just kept burning through everything until it continued sticking close to him… thankfully without burning him in the process.

"Any plans?" Yasaka asked, tilting her head. "I'm surprised you haven't taken it for yourself, actually."

"I mean, that's an idea, certainly," Joshua commented, leaning back on his seat and taking a deep breath in.

"But?" Serafall prodded, to which he smiled wryly. Of course they knew him better by then.

"But I don't think I need it, which means I might have better use for it giving it to someone else," he explained, bringing his cup of tea to his lips. There was also the fact that the Quest he'd gotten said finding a wielder, and while one could say that it might apply to himself too, he didn't want to risk that kind of loophole too quickly. After his research of Oaths, Joshua wasn't too confident in loophole abuse when it came to supernatural things. "I'm not discarding that option though."

"Well, we devils wouldn't say no, I can tell you that~," Serafall commented playfully as she extended a hand towards Incinerate Anthem's flame. It made Joshua nervous, but he knew that she likely wouldn't be too hurt unless there was an actual attack involved and a lot of power. "But it doesn't seem to like us. Or me, at least," she added when the purple flames seemed to shy away from her, moving in an ironic flowing motion towards the other side of his body. The Satan then proceeded to pout childishly at the fire while he chuckled lightly.

"Shocking," Yasaka said with a flat tone. "I could say the same for my people, but there's something to be said about giving it to the Church and Heaven. It'd certainly earn you the most favor from that faction. They were always very proud and very eager to get their hands on their holy artifacts," she reasoned thoughtfully, which had him nodding. It was something that he'd considered himself, after all.

"Maybe straight to Heaven. Their Civil War might be… progressing, as it were, but I still don't trust the Church this much," Joshua commented. unsure. "I thought about some others, like House of Water and such, but… It'd help, for sure. I'm just not certain that it'd be the best use of this."

"Probably wouldn't," Yasaka agreed with Serafall joining in with a nod. "You could maybe reach out for a new faction to get on your side and this would be a great way to do such a thing. However-"

"Doing this out of the blue would be a bad idea," Serafall finished for her, suddenly serious. "Something to keep in mind though. There's no need to rush things… unless you can't get Incinerate Anthem off of you. Purple flames aren't that common, especially because there's no easy way to explain them always being on you and you can't hide them."

He grimaced at that, but it was a great point. He'd tried to put illusions over Incinerate Anthem, and the Sacred Gear had swiftly burned through them. So, he was kind of stuck with the Longinus floating around him, reminding him of Nagini when she'd been smaller and curled around his body, but at a slight distance.

"I think I'll try to make a spell or an array that'll help keep it in one place instead of around me at all times," Joshua replied, looking at the flames. When he said that, he was almost positive that it was reacting to what happened around it. It had, after all, made some sort of twitching motion that contrasted with its previous smooth curling around him.

It did that kind of thing a lot, Joshua had noticed quickly. Just like when Serafall had extended her hand towards it and it had more or less flinched away. Or when he'd cast the first illusion over it and it had seemed almost offended as it burned the spell away. Or in general when it moved around him almost affectionately.

That was giving him ideas.

"If I can do something like that or hide it or something, I might just see if it reacts well to someone and go that way," Joshua commented and Incinerate Anthem seemed to slow down a lot, almost stopping. "It seems to have a will of its own, even according to the information I had about it before I got it. That seems more and more evident as I watch it. So… It might just choose for itself and we are scheming for nothing."

"...That'd both simplify and complicate things," Yasaka commented, to which he nodded in agreement. It'd make it much simpler to find someone, if not easy. However, it had a lot of potential to make things complicated depending on who it chose.

"Since when have things been simple for Josh though," Serafall said then. The grin on her face seemed to widen when he directed a glare towards her.

[}-o-{]​

Setting up an array to keep Incinerate Anthem in place was… surprisingly easy. Joshua had been prepared to have to make some calls and excuse himself while he stayed in a room away from most people… But nothing of the sort happened. The purple flame was separated from him and floating around idly in a matter of hours.

What he'd done to achieve that was simple… and maybe a little silly. First, he'd made an array that used entirely his own magic energy. Second, he'd made an illusion of his Life Energy as best he could. Third of all… he'd asked the Sacred Gear to stay put.

Maybe it shouldn't have felt as out there as he thought it did, considering his weapons and his familiars and such. It still felt weird to talk to what was basically just fire. Holy fire, but fire anyway. 'This world will never not be weird, will it?' he thought, looking at Incinerate Anthem and considering some things about it.

He didn't know how to really go about looking for a wielder for it. As he'd discussed with Serafall and Yasaka, maybe it'd be better to just let it choose someone. However, for that to happen, he had to present it with people to choose from and that's where the problem laid.

Joshua almost wished the Sacred Gear would have continued to be stuck with him. At least that way he'd have been able to just walk around with it until Incinerate Anthem latched onto someone. Now, he'd have to see who to bring to check himself and that was a whole lot of trouble of its own.

"Things just can't be simple, can they?" he asked, and the Longinus floating around in front of him twirled. Joshua got the impression that it was like a childish giggle, for some reason. Cheshire, by his side, seemed to agree with that mental picture and that was enough confirmation for him. Thus, he sighed. Of course the ridiculously powerful Sacred Gear would be childish. Why did he expect differently?

And yet, he couldn't help but smile anyway.

"Well, we'll see what we can do, yeah?" he commented, extending a hand and letting Incinerate Anthem lick harmlessly at his fingers. It was a surreal experience, especially after witnessing what that same purple fire could do. However, it was also… nice. 'I really do have a soft spot for children, I guess,' he mused with a grin. "For now, I have to go, but Cheshire will keep you company," he commented, moving his hand to pet his tiger familiar's head.

Incinerate Anthem seemed to reach towards the feline from the cradle of spells he'd made for it as much as it could, as if peering curiously. Ultimately, it sagged a little, but it didn't seem to take those news too badly, at least. That was a relief. The last thing Joshua needed was the Sacred Gear throwing a tantrum. That didn't sound like fun at all.

Sharing a look with Cheshire, he moved to leave. He'd likely have at least one of his familiars guarding the thing at all times, even if it was in his home where the defenses were at their strongest. He was more worried about Incinerate Anthem getting out than he was about anyone else getting in, really.

"Now what?" Raynare asked once he stepped past a few corridors and rooms. He trusted her, somewhat, definitely more than he did the others and Kuroka, if not by much. However, he didn't trust her nearly enough to let them anywhere near Incinerate Anthem. They obeyed because he was stronger and maybe because he could help them.

If they were given the chance though, he was sure they'd try to kill him or stir trouble some other way. No, he wasn't going to risk that. Joshua would much rather try someone more trustworthy.

The problem was that he didn't have that many people in that list to try, really.

He wasn't what one would call a social butterfly and that was going to bite him in the ass now. The Egyptians were out, from what he could pick up. They didn't seem to care for it, for whatever reason.

The devils were a last resort, at best.

The Youkai could be, he supposed, but he'd rather not give Kunou such a weapon and Yasaka didn't even seem to want it at all. Joshua was fairly sure that trying might get her in trouble with her own Pantheon. Maybe if she asked for it for someone else in her faction? But that was a big maybe.

House of Water and his star students were a possibility, he supposed, but not a very solid one.

There were Jeanne and Asia, of course, but they already had their own Sacred Gears and he didn't want to risk that causing trouble for them. He remembered Saji getting a bunch of them in canon, but that was because they were all related to the one he already had. On that note, he supposed there was Issei too, but his case was even worse, since his Gear already had a consciousness of its own. There was Aika… But it was at that moment that Joshua realized he was kind of grasping at straws, really.

Not that he was dismissing her or anything, but…

"Now, we find another objective," he answered Raynare's question. There was no rush to give Incinerate Anthem away. For the moment, he had a lot of things to think about. One such thing was what to do with the time he'd alloted to Hexennacht, because they were likely to fall apart without Walburga.

Now, Joshua thought he could just sic House of Water on them and let them destroy what little remained of the association. There was little need for him to be involved anymore now that the strongest member was down. Khaos Brigade likely wouldn't care overly much for a branch of it that was now basically in shambles. He predicted that they'd be more likely to just drop them like a hot potato and move on to something else.

Which meant that Joshua had to find some other way to hurt the terrorist organization.

Fortunately, he had some ideas.

"And train," Raynare added, making him chuckle. She did have a one track mind, he knew. It was one of her redeeming qualities, he supposed. Because she loved getting stronger and that was something that he could very easily provide for her in a number of ways. That, in turn, meant that he could have a measure of control over her, which was appreciated.

"And train," he agreed with a nod, drawing a feral grin from the woman.

[}-o-{]​

"So, lay it on me, young man," Soren told him sitting across the table from him. The man's wife was sitting by his side with his two daughters on the other. Then there were Sirzechs and Ajuka sitting to each side of the table and Joshua sat alone across from the Sitri family.

"As I said when I called this meeting. I think I have a method to slow down the progress of the Sleeping Disease and likely reduce the chances of randomly falling into the semi-permanent sleep that it's known for," he explained carefully, trying to be as specific as possible. "There's, however, some less than desirable results that are a possibility and I want you to be aware of them before I even try anything, of course. We can delay this if you need time to think it over or feel like they are too much."

"What would they be?" Lady Sitri asked, gripping the hand of her husband a little tighter over the table.

"So, first I have to give you an idea of what I'm going to do," he started answering, taking a deep breath in. "After inspecting the disease and its effects, I'm fairly sure that the main effect is that it slows down the natural movement of the magic, which causes all sorts of problems, like decreased recovery that ends in an absolute halt on it. Another one would be an increased expenditure of magic energy too, along with a sluggish feeling when using it and other things."

"That… checks out," Soren said slowly, not only because he was considering what Joshua said, but also because of the effects of the disease on him too. Joshua didn't even need Life Sense to know that the state of the man affected his family a great deal.

"So, what I'm going to try and do with an array of spells is help counter this symptom, basically speeding up your magic. I can't perfectly match the Sleep Disease's effect, but I can assuage some of the problems that it causes for the moment. It's not a cure, I want to make that clear, it's merely a momentary stopgap. It wouldn't have any effect on someone that's already fallen asleep," he explained, trying to be as direct with everything as he could. "But it should help people like you either not fall asleep at all or at least slow the process or reduce the chances."

"That's more than we had before," Soren breathed out, drawing a grimace from his wife and his youngest daughter. Serafall didn't react, but the grave expression on her face might as well have been the same thing. "So, these possible problems you mentioned… What are they?"

"For one, you know that my area of expertise is on domain magics, which means that my spells will cover an area and nothing outside of it. If I cast this spell over your home, then it'll only have effect here," he explained, taking another deep breath in. He wanted to be professional about this, but this was Serafall's father, which made things complicated. As if Joshua didn't have enough trouble talking with people at all without that pressure over his head. "The problems with this are more than just the evident, however. If you leave, there might be more than just the Sleep Disease continuing its cycle. I have no way of knowing how it will react to the effects of my spell. It might do something… drastic once you are outside and maybe even as soon as I try to counter it."

"And you have plans in place for that latter case," Ajuka said, probably the one who understood what Joshua was talking about the best. He'd gone as far as giving the man files detailing the whole idea just so he'd have a second opinion on it all. "How'd you even find a spell that speeds up magic or even manipulate it?" the Satan asked then, tilting his head.

"I didn't," Joshua answered with a shrug. "I just modified the Draining Ward and similar spells into what I needed," he explained, drawing a slow blink from the green-haired devil.

"... From the Draining…" he mumbled slowly before turning his attention back to the files he'd been given and reading through them, his eyes darting around. "How'd you… Of course, the energy manipulation… The difference between that and this though… I can barely-"

"Back to the matter at hand, please," Serafall said curtly, drawing a quick nod from Joshua and startling Ajuka out of his distracted state. 'Is that what I usually look like when spellcrafting?' Joshua wondered idly.

"Right. I have plans for some scenarios I thought about, but it'll be touch and go. I'll probably need to do a lot more testing once it's set up and it could limit your life to the area covered by the spells. I don't even know if you could move to other areas under the same effects without something happening," Joshua continued explaining. It sounded very bad when said like that but… Well, the situation was kind of bad. He didn't have a solution for Sleep Disease yet, but he was working on it and if he could offer some reprieve to the Sitri family, he wanted to offer it instead of making them wait for however long it took him to make the cure.

"I see," Soren replied, turning to have a long, silent conversation with his wife… Unless his wife had some kind of telepathic power, which could be the case. With devils – and supernatural beings as a whole –, one never knew. "... Go ahead then."

"... You can take more time to consider, Soren, there's no need to-"

"Joshua," Lord Sitri interrupted, softly but firmly. "I live in fear of falling asleep and not waking up. My family lives in fear of me falling asleep and not waking up. If the price I have to pay to have at least some reassurance for them and for myself from that is that I'm confined to my spacious, opulent home where my family lives and my friends can visit… I think I can live with that," the devil told him, giving him a slight smile. "It'll probably cause some trouble when it comes to meeting with other Lords and such, but fuck them."

"Dad!" Sona exclaimed, but everyone that knew her could see that her heart wasn't in it.

"Ok… I'll see what I can do then, Soren," Joshua replied, pursing his lips and nodding. "I have everything ready, just-"

"Then you can do it right now?" the Lord said, making him sigh while the devil smirked. He was starting to realize that it wasn't so weird that Serafall was as she was, evidently.

"I can," he answered with a nod.

So, less than an hour later, Joshua stood in what was by then the usual spellcasting room for him in the Sitri home. There, he stood mostly alone with Soren now. The floor was covered in as many preparations for spells as he could think of. There was a lot of sensing to make sure he didn't miss anything. There was the array to combat the Sleep Disease. There was room for more if he needed to improvise.

All was ready.

Sharing one last look with the Sitri Lord, he got a determined nod from the weary man.

Instantly, he got to work, casting all the information gathering spells first. Once everything was set, Joshua took a deep breath in and cast the array, the most important part and the one that would potentially cause things to get out of hand. The change was immediate in Soren, if not drastic. Joshua could easily pick up on the shift in the flow of the devil's magic.

Nobody moved for a moment, and it was a good thing. Just as imperceptible as the shift Joshua had caused was the one that came afterwards. If he were forced to put it into words, he'd describe what came after was the Sleep Disease trying to keep slowing down Soren's magic at the rate it had before without actually touching the acceleration he'd put on it. It was weird, awkward, and caused some erratic spasms in the energy inside the Devil.

From the looks of Lord Sitri, it wasn't pleasant, but he wasn't convulsing on the floor, so Joshua took that as a good sign. With things sort of alright, he took his time to observe and pick up on what was happening as well as possible. All the while, his mind worked on what to add to the array to patch up this new issue. He didn't want to take too long though, not when anything could happen.

Thus, he channeled Nephthys to go the extra mile.

Soon, he started setting up new spells to adjust the magic better, smooth over the edges that had been left and deal with the "spasms" as best he could. There was more information to be found there though, so even if he'd failed it would have been great progress. He hadn't though, which was the good part.

Joshua took a deep breath in as he waited for more stuff to happen. This was going much better than his worst case scenario though. If he could get this to progress, he might get a bunch of different tests done to get more data on the Sleep Disease. He could make adjustments to improve it and see if something else happened. He could progress all the way to "curing" him. Maybe he'd even stumble on the actual cure that way, but he rather doubted that. There had to be something more he'd have to do other than treat this particular symptom.

This was only the beginning.

"It seems to have stabilized," Joshua said after long, long minutes. "I'll keep a close eye on the feedback of the spells, but as far as I can see, there's nothing else to deal with right now. It's working as intended and the only unexpected effect I just dealt with," he explained, walking around while carefully avoiding all the spells set up. His eyes never left Soren, scanning him over as if trying to see if there was something he could physically see.

Just like magically, there was nothing.

He let go of Nephthys' divinity and relaxed.

"I feel different," Soren breathed out, looking at his hands as if doing so for the first time. "I don't feel as tired," he commented, which sounded like a very small thing but his tone belied how important it was for him.

"I'll continue working on it to make it better. Shouldn't take me long to have it giving you a full "recovery" from the weariness. From there… I'll have to keep looking for a cure," Joshua explained, not wanting to give false hopes. Chances were that he was still far from an actual cure, but he'd get there. For the moment, at least he could offer some reassurance to the Sitri family and maybe some other people in similar situations.

That would be nice and it'd also likely give Serafall and Sirzechs some more favor with their people, which would be a great plus.

"Thank you, Joshua," Soren said, walking up to him and placing his hand on his shoulder. "We are in your debt."

"No debts here," he denied instantly, because really, having the family of his… girlfriend? partner?... of Serafall owe him felt kind of scummy. He'd settle for them not giving the two of them trouble, which they didn't seem inclined to do anyway.

"You are a good man," Soren replied with a smile. It was a smile that he was familiar with. The one that said his words were ignored and the debt was a thing. Joshua wanted to sigh at that. "Now, I have things to do, but I do want you to know I'm very grateful," Lord Sitri continued, turning to the side to look at his very clearly happy and moved wife.

Joshua watched him go with said woman and his youngest daughter, his attention soon pulled to Sirzechs and Ajuka.

"I knew there was a lot to you when we met," the latter commented, still going over the files he'd been given. Then he chuckled and shook his head as he turned to look at Joshua directly, which had been a rare thing ever since his eyes had found the document pages. "I look forward to seeing what else you do, Joshua Davis."

And then he disappeared.

"Ajuka…" Sirzechs sighed, looking at where his fellow Satan had disappeared and deflating. "Thank you, Joshua. This will mean a lot to my people and I'll make sure to compensate you accordingly… or try, at least," the man said as he turned towards him, giving Joshua a wry smile. "For now… I have places to be, apparently."

"Appare-" Before Joshua could finish that, however, Sirzechs teleported away. With a confused tilt of his head, he looked around to see that the Sitri had left too and now there was only Serafall… "Oh," he mumbled, gulping at the sight in the woman's eyes.

It was almost as scary as it was exciting, he'd admit.

A nervous smile spread over his lips while he watched her stalk towards him.

And then her lips were on his.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I think I could have handled the transition between the first half of the chapter to the second better, but it's not terrible, I don't think.

So, there's the situation with Incinerate Anthem more or less explained. Wonder where that'll go, honestly. I'm unsure myself. I have some ideas, but my predictions are unreliable at best, I think.

After that, we have progress with the Sleep Disease. Not something that seems to terribly excite people, but something that's important for Joshua. Besides, more favor with a faction is never bad, right?

Random Question: Anything in particular you'd like to get a peek on? I tend to have to balance a bunch of different plates in my stories and GoM seems to suffer from this more than any other. So, is there something you feel like I should show? Not something that you'd like to see happen, but something that's likely happening at the moment but just isn't shown because I focus on other things.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 198 others
Adrian King
Jul 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 123 - To the People, the Good and the Evil
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#469
To the People, the Good and the Evil

Joshua moved through the cafe with a tray on his hand and a smile on his face.

He didn't go there often and it felt like he did so less and less as time passed. He was often busy and there always seemed to be something to do. His plate was permanently full and things continued stacking on top of it anyway. At times, as his situation became more evident and came to the forefront of his mind, Joshua would feel exhausted just thinking about it.

However, it was always great whenever he could find a moment to relax and do something just because it was fun, or relaxing. Sometimes he'd make time to spend with Kunou, teaching her or playing. He'd go out with Yasaka or Serafall, or just spend time with them at his place or Yasaka's. Not Serafall's, however, because she said she'd gotten used to going somewhere else to relax with her visits to them and he honestly didn't think much of that anyway. If she was happy, he was happy.

Other times, he'd sit at his place by himself and draw or spend time with his familiars or Jeanne or Asia. He already felt like he didn't do any of those enough as it was, so he tried to make time whenever he could. It wasn't often, but maybe one day things would get less hectic. He could only hope.

Another thing he liked to do to decompress was working at the cafe, like he was at that moment. He could basically turn his brain off and go through the motions. Go to the tables, ask for the order, prepare it, deliver it. Nothing complex and nothing to think over. It pulled enough attention to distract from other things but not enough to be tiring.

It also let him have a moment in which he wasn't a magician or a supernaturally connected person in any way. It was just a cafe with normal people and normal drinks and food. People looked at him and saw a guy that owned a cafe and they treated him like that. There weren't people expecting grand things from him there other than Aika and Issei. There wasn't anyone being deferential to him or being impressed or looking down on him. He was just one more person in the crowd and that had its own appeal.

"You are smiling a lot," Issei commented as they both worked on an order each. "It's kind of weird," he added, making Joshua turn towards him and raise an eyebrow, even if he kept his smile in place.

"Why? It's not like I never smile," he replied, shaking his head and continuing working absently. Maybe Issei was right though, he was feeling pretty good that day. Things were going fairly well, Hexennacht was dealt with, Project Awakening had taken an important step forward and even the weather was good.

It was a good day.

"I mean, yeah, but your expression is either thoughtful or flat," Issei explained, looking a little weirded out. "Then you smile when you find something funny or nice or whatever, then back to normal, you know what I mean? Today you are all smiles. Weird."

"Well, it's just a good day, what can I say?" he replied with a shrug as he finished setting up the order on the tray and started moving to deliver it.

"Did something good happen? One of your, uh, projects or whatever?" Issei asked, glancing around in a way that gave away there was a secret more than his words did, really. They'd have to work on that more.

"I mean, yeah, several, in fact."

"That and he got laid," Aika commented when they passed by her table, her boyfriend leaving her a cup of tea next to her books. The poor boy almost spilled the drink on her table with how hard he choked and stumbled.

"You could not talk like that in my shop, you know?" Joshua said over his shoulder as he started lying down the drinks and snacks that a couple had ordered. The two were looking a little awkward at that very moment, but he was fairly sure that it was mostly Aika's fault, the little shit.

"I didn't hear a no," the girl said, a grin on her face as she pushed up her glasses. Joshua, for his part, simply rolled his eyes and started walking around the place to see if anyone needed something.

"Whatever you say, Aika," he replied, feeling half amused and half exasperated.

"There'll be a lot of heartbroken people around here, Joshua. How could you?!" she shouted dramatically.

"Whatever you say, Aika," he repeated with a chuckle.

"Joshua-sensei!" Issei was the one to cry out this time, which was the sign for Joshua to cut things there. Else, he was sure the boy would make it all spiral out of control. His cafe wasn't a place for that kind of thing and he'd made that clear, damnit.

"That's that with you and your girlfriend's nonsense, Issei," he said, giving the boy a look.

"What did I even do?" his employee asked, offended. Joshua did nothing other than raising his eyebrow at him. "You are so unfair sometimes, sensei."

"Sure am," he replied with another roll of his eyes. "Anything I can get you, ladies?" he asked then, turning to address one of the tables that had a gathering of women. "You look a little down. Is there something wrong with the snacks or the drinks? I can prepare a new batch, free of charge."

"No, no, don't worry about it, Joshua," one of the ones that looked fine reassured him, giving her friend to her side an amused look. "Maki and Rika are just feeling a little under the weather, is all. We are cheering them up, you see."

"Say no more. I'll bring a cake just for you," he told them with a smile before turning towards the kitchen.

"I told you!" Aika called behind him. "Heartbroken!"

Joshua just groaned.

[}-o-{]​

[Griselda Quarta]

She sat at the table, part of a meeting that would have been, some time ago, way above her paycheck. Still was, in a way, because she was officially lower in the chain of command than any of the people that were sitting together with her. All of them were in charge of a major Church base and all of them commanded a fraction of the Church's power.

And then there was her, a mere enforcer and teacher. Admittedly a high ranked and well liked one, but an enforcer and teacher all the same. Griselda took missions, taught students. She didn't participate in political and strategic meetings such as this.

Now, everything had changed at the same time that nothing had. Her job hadn't changed, officially, that is. Unofficially, she was becoming a representative. She was a representative from Heaven with the Church and from both with the outside world. The Angels trusted her to act in their best interest and those loyal to her side of the civil war still tearing apart her faction trusted her to show them the proper way, approved by Heaven itself and God.

She felt a pang in her chest at that thought, the whispers of the Tempter at the back of her mind telling her that her life was a lie. She couldn't let those win. Their Lord had sacrificed everything for them, just like the Son had and Griselda wouldn't spit on that sacrifice.

Taking a deep breath in, she focused on the meeting. She might not be a real part of it, but she could still hear everything. She needed to know how things stood for her faction. On top of that, even though they shouldn't, these people insisted on asking her every so often if she agreed with things.

She was sure that half the time that was to find a crack in her armor. They respected who she was and who she acted in place of, but that didn't mean they liked it. If they could find a way to take her off the board, they would. They longed to replace her with someone they found more agreeable with or more "deserving" of her position, whatever they thought that meant.

"Sorry, everyone. I was held up by some unexpected paperwork. You know how it is," one of the base commanders said as he entered the room. Instantly, Griselda tensed up. The rest of the room, however, welcomed the man warmly, some even sympathetically after his brief explanation.

It wasn't out of the norm for something like that to happen, after all. Some others were still late for the meeting and it hardly ever happened that most of them arrived on time, let alone all of them. That latter case had yet to even happen while Griselda was part of things. They were all busy in the best of days, and those were clearly far from the best of days.

"Is that so?" Griselda asked, making the entire atmosphere of the room shift. She hardly spoke during meetings unless directly addressed, after all. So, having her speak out certainly caught the room's attention. "Would you mind explaining a bit further?"

"Of course," the man answered, not nervous but certainly looking confused. That was also understandable, considering most of the time reasons for a delay were more or less waved off. They were all dealing with a lot of things, meetings between leaders were less important than making sure said bases continued running as they should. There'd be a report on it later on anyway, to make sure of things.

This was a special case, however.

As she heard him talk, Griselda had to hold back a frown. Nothing he said was wrong and he repeatedly said that it'd all be in his report for the delay and such. She could see, glancing around on occasion, that the leaders were upset about the interrupting and unnecessary waste of their time for this when they could be talking about important matters and get back to their bases.

Sadly, she couldn't allow that.

After all, Joshua's spells were telling her something.

The magic kept poking at her every so often, informing her of all the signs of the man lying to them. His excuses were lies, blatant ones considering how much the spells flared. The report parts weren't though, which meant that he was going to feed his lies to them through the report.

It made Griselda wonder how often the reports were lies.

She had to wonder, how deep did the opposition go in their ranks. Because none of their spellwork had pointed at the man, and that meant that there was inside work to make sure nothing seemed amiss there. Someone had to have done something so that the man's lies would go unnoticed. And they had done so so thoroughly that they would have absolutely gotten away with it if not for Joshua's spells.

"So, is that all, Exorcist Quarta?" the man asked her, sounding amused and bemused, as if he couldn't understand why she was questioning him but found it funny. Griselda simply continued staring at him impassively.

"No, it's not," she answered, making him blink and several of the other leaders frown. Behind her, she heard the slight shift in Xenovia and Irina. "Because you are lying," she pointed out, drawing the same confusion from the man.

She didn't care for any of that, however. He could act all that he wanted, but she was sure that she was right. Joshua's spells were never wrong. They never misunderstood. The man was so thorough that he wouldn't dare place something anywhere with even the slightest chance of failing. If she could trust anything, she could trust those spells.

There was a reason her faction and Heaven trusted him to cast defenses over their bases. Regardless of how suspicious some of Seraph Gabriel's interactions with Davis were, there was no denying that the man was good. If she couldn't trust the angels then who could Griselda trust?

She had to believe in something.

"Excuse me?" the man asked, going from confused to irritated, borderline annoyed. He was a good actor, Griselda would give him that. She wouldn't even have realized he was lying to their faces if she hadn't had the spells to help her. "I know you think you are important, Quarta, but you should really-"

"You are going to tell me exactly what you were doing that caused you to be late and if you don't, then-" Xenovia's sword made a sharp sound as it was pushed ever so slightly outside the scabbard. "-We are going to have to be drastic."

In the end, they did have to be drastic.

And it was so very sad, that it was neither a new thing nor a surprise.

Griselda was truly hating this Civil War.

[}-o-{]​

[Walburga]

When she came to be, it was with a jolt, feeling cold stone on her skin. As she opened her eyes, she had to blink several times to try and get to see around her. The place, wherever she was, was dark, cold and made mostly out of rock.

"Where the fuck-?"

"Finally woke up, huh?" a voice asked, making her turn towards it. That's when she noticed, almost hidden by the shadows, a set of metal bars that led to a corridor and then a – another – cell across from it. Walburga moved, slowly, towards the set on her side and found, with growing trepidation, that there wasn't even a door to begin with. It was just the stone walls and the metal bars on that one wall. "You don't have any idea how happy I am that someone else was thrown into this hellhole."

"Who the fuck are you?" Walburga asked, narrowing her eyes and trying to discern the person on the cell across from her. She could see the shape in the shadows, but little else. Looking to the sides, she saw other such areas, but all of them were empty besides the two of theirs.

"An old acquaintance, Walburga," the man told her with a bitter chuckle as he stood and moved to approach her. "Miss me?" he asked, that superior smirk that was now more self-deprecating than mocking.

"Georg," she spat with a sneer. There was an insult at the tip of her tongue about how the idiot had been taken out by a nobody, but then again, she'd been taken out by the same nobody, right? She didn't have much of a leg to stand on. Didn't mean she couldn't wish she could say it though. "This is where you've been rotting all this time after you went down against a regular magician?" she asked in the end, because at least she had the excuse of Davis getting better, she supposed.

"That was no regular magician," the man argued weakly, more bitterly amused than angry as she expected. "And you should know, from what I hear. I was overconfident, what's your excuse?" he asked, looking straight at her.

She gritted her teeth and kept her mouth shut then. No way she was admitting that she'd made the same mistake. Smug asshole hadn't let a chance pass him by to put people down before. Just because he'd lucked out in the talent department, he felt like he could just mock everyone. She was no slouch and she still had to envy the fucking bastard.

"It doesn't matter, I guess," Georg told her, snorting softly and shaking his head. Then he moved back into his cell, sitting against the wall on the far end. "He took me down, took you down, probably has taken down more, if I had to guess. And he will take down more."

"Only you and me, I'm sorry to say," Walburga said, sneer still in place. "He did give Leonardo some trouble before they had to run away."

"Huh… Interesting," the man replied, with that voice that said he thought it was anything but and he wasn't even really listening. She so wanted to bath him in Incinerate Anthem… But when she called for it, nothing happened. Where her Sacred Gear had been, there was now nothing.

'It… it left?' she wondered hollowly, looking at her hands in disbelief. 'Incinerate Anthem left me?' she asked herself, trying to reach for it once more but finding nothing. There was nothing at all there and she let out a short, breathless laugh.

Then she chuckled.

"Something amusing?"

"No, something very sad," she answered, still laughing as she shook her head. Incinerate Anthem had left her, for Davis. She didn't have any proof of that, but she also didn't have any doubts.

"More sad than you?" a voice asked and it wasn't Georg, Walburga realized instantly. Looking up, she was just in time to catch the other Khaos Brigade magician- Ex-Khaos Brigade magician scampering to the corner like a frightened rat. She'd have mocked him if her attention hadn't been stolen by the figure that walked in, bringing light with them. "Good to see you are getting comfortable in your new home," the woman commented, placid smile on her face.

It took Walburga barely a moment to recognize her and it was only that long because her mind was scattered. Even with the loss of Incinerate Anthem and being captured after a fight she was sure she would win, Walburga could still very easily recognize one of their biggest enemies in Khaos. One of the few that were aware of them and organized enough to actually fight back.

Yasaka, Leader of the West Youkai branch.

Despite her borderline friendly expression and disposition, however, Walburga knew better. There was something dangerous hiding behind those amber eyes. There was an edge there, a steel and a fire, that promised nothing good.

"So, now that you are feeling at home," the woman told her, looking straight at Walburga as if trying to make a hole in her skull with just the power of her gaze. "How about you tell me all you know about your friends in Khaos Brigade?"

"How about you go fuck yourself?" Walburga asked back, the sneer she'd been directing at Georg now with a new target. "Or better yet, that pet magician of yours?"

"You mean the one that got you here?" she shot back calmly, amused even. "Maybe later. For now, you'll answer… or you'll answer. Just like your friend there did," she told her, casting a glance towards Georg and making the man whimper pitifully.

'Maybe,' Walburga thought, gulping at the sight of the man. 'Maybe I'm in trouble.' As she saw literally fire forming around the golden eyes of the youkai woman, she realized that there was indeed a reason why George had reacted like he had.

And she was very much in trouble, she confirmed quickly.

[}-o-{]​

[Asia Argento]

Another battle and more, many more, people for her to treat. Good and bad people, some would say. Allies and enemies others said, which she found a little more accurate. Asia believed in good and evil, but she didn't believe in judging people as good and bad that easily.

Ultimately, she hated it either way, be them good or evil or allies or enemies. She hated whenever Joshua came to tell her that she was needed. She hated being called to the field to help them. She hated having to see them hurt.

She hated having to see people hurt.

The Lord had given her a gift, however, that allowed her to stop them from hurting. So, Asia would do what she needed to do, and help them feel better. That didn't mean she had to like it, however, even if she'd never say-

"It sucks, I know," Joshua told her when they got back to the house. Looking at him with wide eyes, Asia had to wonder if she'd spoken out loud without knowing. "I can feel it, even if you are a very good actress," the man said, giving her a small, soft smile. "How about we go to your garden, yeah?"

"It's… your garden, Mr. Joshua," she mumbled under her breath. She knew what the answer to that would be, of course, but she had to say it anyway. After all, it was nice to…

"It's your garden, Asia. You made it, you care for it, you do everything, basically. You might not own it but as far as I'm concerned, it's yours," the man explained to her, making her smile back at him.

Was it bad, that she took pride in that? She loved hearing Joshua say that to her, because it told her that she could do more than just be there when people were in pain and dying. She could do something, be useful, be someone, without needing others to suffer. She liked that.

"Come on," Joshua told her, planting his hand on her shoulder and carefully guiding her through his house in a path she knew well. "Something I can help with?" he asked.

"Can you stop everyone from getting hurt, Mr. Joshua?" she asked back, a slight smile on her face as she joked sadly. She would have liked to think that there wasn't bitterness there, but that would be lying and she didn't like that, even if it was just to herself. "Because that's what I want."

"I think I liked it more when you asked for plants," he joked back at her with a wide smile, even if it didn't reach his eyes. "Much easier to get, you know?" he added, giving her an affectionate shake with the hand that he still had on her shoulder. "I'll see what I can do though," he finished with, repeating the same words he'd always say when she did, indeed, ask for plants for his garden.

If nothing else, she found that comforting.

Joshua didn't say things just to say them, after all. He meant what he said, she'd learned. Maybe he couldn't get her what she truly wanted, but he'd try. He was trying, she knew. He was helping the Church, Heaven and many others. He was helping them make a safer world and Asia couldn't ask much more from the man.

She smiled knowing that, and smiled a little wider when she heard the song of Margalo reach her ears. The bird's magic was always such a wonderful thing. The first time she'd heard it, Asia had been sure that it was a song of angels.

"Thank you, Margalo," she said when the bird perched herself on her shoulder. Pausing on her song, the familiar preened a little and affectionately pecked at her hair.

"Great as always, girl," Joshua said, rubbing his finger against the side of the bird's head. With that, however, the two of them fell into a silent walk while hearing Margalo's singing. Asia was perfectly fine with that, if she were honest.

It was nice to be able to relax after having to go through the ordeal of healing so many people. It was just as nice to have company that was on her side, that had her back and that she could trust not to ask for anything. Because Joshua didn't ever ask her for anything, not really.

Asia gave him things he needed for spells at times from the garden, but she did so because she wanted to. She wanted to repay some of all the kindness he offered her and that was as good a way as any. Asia would heal him or others during their training sessions, but he'd never asked her to do it, not really, and now she didn't even need to anymore, since he'd developed his own spells for such things.

All Joshua had ever done was offer her his home, space and time to do as she pleased and even a comforting shoulder to lean on when she needed it. He'd offered her his family and his resources with a smile and kind words. He didn't want anything from her and he kept offering her more, if she so wanted.

It was overwhelming, but it was also very…

She didn't even have the words to describe how nice it felt, if she were honest, which was a shame.

"Joshua?"

"Hm," the man hummed, a moment later turning towards her with raised eyebrows. It wasn't often that she didn't call him mister, after all. She gave him a shy smile at that, feeling awkward and unsure. "Yes, Asia?" he asked kindly.

"Just… thank you."

"Well, I don't know what you are thanking me for, but you are welcome. It was probably not as much as you deserve anyway," he said with a chuckle as they continued walking.

Privately, Asia disagreed, but she kept that to herself. It would only lead to a pointless argument, she knew from experience. As it was, she contented herself with the fact that she'd voiced her gratitude.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, always nice to take a peek at the background stuff, I guess. I don't often do that kind of thing, preferring to fully center on the MC, but I had fun writing this chapter anyway. If I'm not wrong – which I could be – several people asked for a look into things with Heaven and the Church. With some luck, this was a good enough attempt on my part with some added stuff.

I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: What's the last game you played? I was playing some Arknights a few minutes ago while taking a break from editing.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 196 others
Adrian King
Jul 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 124 - Just Show Me Where to Go
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#472
Just Show Me Where to Go

"You've been doing good work with them," Sairaorg commented, looking at the training grounds ahead of them while his peerage battled his strike team of a sort. Jeanne, the fallen and Kuroka faced off against the devil peerage and they were giving them a run for their money, by the looks of it. Joshua and Sairaorg were staying out of the spar, having just finished their own. Another idea they had was to fight their respective groups on their own, but that was something for another time.

"I better have, considering I'm having them have my back," Joshua replied with a shrug. Sure, he could very easily take them on, especially under his wards, but he still trusted them at least enough to turn his back on them to do things. He had fought Walburga while leaving them mostly unattended.

There would never be a hundred percent trust there, he didn't think. There was some trust there, especially with Raynare – funnily enough – and Kuroka. That, in turn, translated into them being stronger through his training, because he felt like he could make them stronger without it possibly backfiring. Then again, Kuroka had already been very strong when she… dropped by.

Still, he wasn't sure for how long that would stay the case, but for the moment, it was.

"Man, I should have you train my peerage," Sairaorg said then, giving him a smile. "I wouldn't want to take any more of your time though and I still do have some pride," the devil added, but Joshua knew better. It was all in the first part of that last statement.

Sairaorg didn't want to take up his time when he could just leave him be so he could better work on Project Awakening, the project that would see his mother wake up. Joshua supposed that was one of the reasons he was seeing less of the Bael as of late too. It made him feel bad for all the things he did that weren't trying to cure the Sleep Disease, but hyperfocusing wouldn't be good and neither would be not taking breaks.

Besides, neither Yasaka nor Serafall would let him, he was sure. And that was with the latter having a vested interest in him going through with that particular project too. That didn't make Joshua feel any better on the matter, but it was how things were. He'd just have to deal with it.

"Things are going well for you though, it seems," Sairaorg commented, his voice softening just like his smile. "I'm glad. I know you… went through some rough spots. I'm happy for you, man."

"Thank you," Joshua replied with a slight smile of his own. "You helped me through some of those, so thank you for that too," he added, his hand moving up to his locket. "So, I guess it's my turn now," he mused. Before he could do anything else, he felt a strong hand on his shoulder.

"Don't push yourself too hard, yeah?" Sairaorg told him, making him blink. "I've waited for a while already, Joshua. I can wait some more. I don't want to see my friend work himself into the ground because of me. I want to make that clear," the devil explained, giving his shoulder a squeeze.

"You do know that doesn't help with the pressure, right?" he replied wryly, drawing a laugh from his friend as he took his hand away.

"I suppose that could happen," Sairaorg acknowledged, still chuckling. "Sorry about that, but I mean it. Take care of yourself. I know you are working on it, and that by itself is more than I could hope. From what you tell me, you've made some crazy amount of progress already. This is way more than I'd ever hoped to achieve. I'll wait, Joshua."

"Thanks for that. It does help… a little," he said, running a hand through his hair. He didn't think he could precisely relax, not really. It was why Sairaorg was telling him this again. He was fairly sure they had had this conversation at least once already, after all. Still, it was lessening some of the pressure, he supposed.

"So, back to sparring?" the Bael said, drawing a laugh from Joshua. For all that he could be deep and what not, Sairaorg was always going to default to his usual setting… Which was training. He wouldn't have his friend any other way though.

"Sure thing, Sairaorg," he replied, pulling out his weapons. They might not be content with just training, but both of them knew Sairaorg was a worthy challenger regardless. He was good enough to satisfy their need for an actual fight.

Joshua was still working on something else to occupy the slot of his time that Hexennacht had occupied though. Not that he didn't have stuff to use that time with, but he thought it was important to keep weakening Khaos Brigade above all things. Anything else he could push back a little, but the terrorist group that wanted to unleash things of apocalyptic nature on the world?

Those had to be dealt with, sooner rather than later.

So, Joshua would do something about it. Things had been put in motion. The ball had been rolling for a while. Factions were working on things and he'd already dealt with a branch himself, if not quite as big of one. He'd taken out two Longinus from the equation. Things were going well.

Too well.

Joshua didn't want to get overconfident. He didn't want to assume things were finished already, when they were clearly not. At any moment, something could happen to turn things around. They had to keep going while they had the advantage. If they let their guards down, anything could happen.

So, yeah, he was looking for new targets, new objectives to weaken the organization.

And he'd keep doing that until they were done for.

He'd rest when Khaos Brigade was no more.

Not a minute before.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua sat on the counter of his kitchen, with a tray of snacks and two cups of tea by his side. A little further in that direction, Koneko was sitting on a stool that brought her to the perfect height to use the counter as a table while she happily munched on the food. It was a usual sight, really, whenever the Gremory group dropped by and their usual workouts were finished.

Kiba would go with Jeanne, Rias and Akeno would go by themselves and Koneko would go with him. Before, Rias might have tried to spend time with him, pulling Akeno along for the ride. Since his rejection, the Gremory heiress had pulled away a little, which was fair. He didn't blame her for that.

However, there was one difference this time to any of the others.

Koneko had been more silent than usual, which was saying something. Joshua understood why though, so he just mostly kept her company, just like she'd asked. He'd gone to great lengths to do everything she had requested of him, following the instructions she'd given him to a T and making sure everything and everyone else did too.

"She's here?" Koneko asked, looking at the half-eaten snack in her hands.

"She is," he confirmed, glancing towards Kuroka, who stayed mostly at the corners of the room. He'd hidden her so thoroughly that not even Koneko with her remarkable senses could detect her. Still, he'd never allowed the older Nekoshou to get anywhere close to an arm's distance. That had been one of the younger one's conditions, after all.

"What is she doing?" Koneko asked.

"She cried a little when we first came in," he told her, looking at the very clearly moved Kuroka. "She's mostly done as you asked, keeping her distance and watching you. She's… very happy to see you, Koneko."

The girl didn't respond to that other than with a hum and slowly going back to eating. Joshua didn't need to be a genius or read her life energy to know that she was feeling conflicted. Just with the way she went about eating her snacks, he could figure that out. Koneko wasn't very expressive, but she'd never taken that long to empty a tray. Hell, she'd barely cleared half of it and that was with him eating a little more than usual since she was taking so long. Her tea would also have long since turned cold if it weren't for his spell keeping it in perfect condition.

"The other thing…"

"Is ready, whenever you want it," he replied after she trailed off and stayed silent for a moment. "If you want it," he added softly. The short exchange seemed to confuse Kuroka. That was expected, however. It was a part of the deal that he hadn't shared with her. The only part he hadn't, which was on explicit orders from Koneko.

"Thank you."

"No need to thank me, Koneko," he waved off, but she hummed again as she shook her head.

"There is," she argued, even as her voice remained just as calm and soft as usual. "You helped me with… Senjutsu," she mumbled, stumbling over the last word still, which hadn't happened in a while, from what he remembered. It was an emotional day all around for her though, he was sure. "Helped me get better. And now helped me with my… With Kuroka," she finished, and he could see the older Nekoshou's heart break at the correction. "So… thank you."

"Don't mention it," he replied with a smile, unable to stop himself from planting a hand on top of her head. She didn't stiffen though, nor did she say or show anything. "Anything you need, just say the word, ok?" he told her, getting an agreeing hum as he lightly ruffled her hair a little and pulled his hand back.

"... Can I come here sometimes? By myself?" she asked after another long moment which she used to eat another snack. The question caught him by surprise a little. She'd never seemed too inclined to come by without being brought by Rias for training, really. Sure, they had a good time afterwards with snacks and such, but still. "It gets… lonely in the club now. Rias works, Akeno helps, Kiba is out with Jeanne…"

"Sure, just give me a call and if I'm here, you can visit whenever. Hell, even if I'm busy, I'm sure my familiars will be happy to keep you company. Cheshire likes you," he told her, drawing a slight smile from her.

"I like Cheshire too," she mumbled, drawing onto herself shily and munching on a new snack. "She's nice."

"She sure is," he agreed with a nod, taking a sip from his tea.

"And Margalo too… Morag can be fun," Koneko continued, taking bites in between statements. "Nagini is…"

"Yeah," he said before she could finish, an amused smile on his face. He knew what she was going to say in that regard. Nagini was by far the most… intense of his familiars, to put it mildly. She was a sweetheart deep inside though… very deep inside. Joshua was fairly sure that the only ones that actually really got to see that side of her were him, the other familiars and Kunou.

"Asia is kind."

"She sure is."

"So… I like it here," Koneko finished with a sage nod that was just adorable.

"I'm glad to hear that," he replied.

"I can come whenever?"

"Whenever," he confirmed.

"And she…"

"She'll stay away if you want her to. Or we can do this some other times. Or whatever you want, Koneko. You make the rules," Joshua reassured her.

"... Can I see her?" she said then, making his and Kuroka's eyes widen. "I want to see her… But I don't want her to see me when I do."

"I… can arrange that. Can you give me a second?" he asked hesitantly, glancing towards Kuroka. Koneko followed his gaze for a bit, but otherwise returned her attention to the food.

"Sure."

Nodding, Joshua set the illusions that hid Kuroka over himself too.

"I know what you'll say," the older Nekoshou said before he could even finish opening his mouth. "I won't sense her. I promise," she added and it kind of hurt to see her so… desperate, among other things. Joshua stared at her for a long moment, deciding if he believed that. Ultimately, he guessed it didn't matter. If she broke her word, he'd sense it. Maybe he couldn't hide Koneko's life energy well enough with his own level of Life Sense being lower than Kuroka's, but he would definitely sense her sensing Koneko. No way she'd be able to hide that from his spells.

"I'll trust you with this," he said in the end, getting a resolute nod in return. "Ok, whenever you want, Koneko," he added, letting the spells fall around him and getting a very slight nod from the younger girl.

"I'm ready," she said soon after, and he got the impression that she wanted to go through with it before she could change her mind. So, he put his spells over her, making her disappear from Kuroka's senses and then removed everything that hid the Nekoshou.

Koneko then stood up and moved somewhere else as she looked at Kuroka, who continued staring at the spot where she'd disappeared from her view. Joshua, meanwhile, kept a close eye on everything, making sure that there were no problems.

Ultimately, after a long minute, Koneko nodded.

"Thank you," she mumbled, before leaving. A minute later, she teleported back home while Kuroka stayed in the kitchen. Maybe it wasn't all that the dark-haired Nekoshou had wanted, but she still echoed her sister's statement when Joshua told her that Koneko had left.

[}-o-{]​

"-And I'm starting another project now," Kunou announced proudly after finishing her report on how her classes were that day. It was admittedly a lot of exaggeration about how well she was doing, from what Joshua had gotten from Yasaka, but he allowed her to get away with it. Not like she was a bad student. She just got easily distracted, but she did well all things considered. It'd be hypocritical of him to ask her for perfect grades and such when he hadn't been the best student by any stretch of the imagination. So as long as she did well, he was happy.

"Oh, what's it going to be?" he asked with a slight smile as they continued eating dinner. They'd come to his place this time, but Jeanne and Asia had both agreed to have a quiet dinner by themselves. He'd have to do something nice for both of them and he had some ideas about what to do for each already. A plant or two here, some help with a date there, easy peasy.

"I want to make a story too," Kunou said, looking very resolute… Which in turn made her look very cute. Not that she didn't look cute all the time anyway.

"Oh, that's a lot harder than what you usually do," he pointed out, smiling proudly at her. She'd made a lot of progress from the girl that couldn't make an already drawn circle work, that was for sure. "It's going to take time."

"I know," she admitted, some of her confidence leaving her. "But that's fine. I just… I wanted a project that would take time. Something hard."

"Any reason in particular for that?" Yasaka asked and Joshua got the impression that she already knew the answer to that from the way she glanced at him. Curiously, he glanced between the woman and their daughter. The latter intrigued him even more when she started shyly poking her food around the plate.

"Dad is always starting projects that are hard," she mumbled, not looking at any of them. "So I wanted to do that too."

"You are just adorable, you know that?" he said, drawing a pout from the girl.

"Am not."

"Totally are," he disagreed with a chuckle. "Well, I, for one, am very happy that you want to imitate me. Just know that it'll be hard and you'll get frustrated more than once. They take time for a reason," he told her.

"I know that," she grumbled, stabbing a piece of meat in her plate as if it had offended her somehow.

"Kunou," Yasaka said simply, making the girl flinch a little.

"Sorry," she mumbled, getting a nod from her mother.

"This food is amazing, Joshua. You continue outdoing yourself," Yasaka praised with a smile.

"I try," he replied, trying and failing to not feel too awkward. "I want to try more Japanese food in the future, but I want to make sure I do so well before trying to serve that to locals," he added with a smile. To that, he got a roll of both Yasaka and Kunou's eyes.

"You are great, dad. I don't think you could do badly even if you tried," the little girl told him, as if he were being silly. Maybe he was, but she thought very highly of him and he wanted to keep things that way for as long as possible.

"I'm sure whatever you prepare will be good enough, Joshua. A year back you probably didn't even know proper Japanese food. We wouldn't hold it against you if it's not perfect," Yasaka reassured him, likely guessing where he was coming from.

"I know, I know," he replied before-

"Say," Kunou interrupted, tilting her head as if she had just thought of something. Both Yasaka and Joshua turned towards her curiously, especially when the girl hesitated. "Is Serafall going to join us sometime? I mean… for dinner like this, or going out?"

Joshua turned towards Yasaka at that unexpected question… almost cursing when he saw the woman looking at him already and he could very well guess what was going on through her head. 'You answer,' she seemed to be telling him. Because of course.

God forbid he had an easy time with this kind of thing.

"... She could," he answered hesitantly, turning back towards Kunou. "If you don't mind, that is," he added, eyes darting towards Yasaka too, to make it clear that he meant both of them. That made the woman beam at him while the girl mulled that over.

"I don't mind," she mumbled then, poking at her food again, thoughtfully this time. "She's nice."

"I guess we can see where we can all go together next time, if you want."

To that, Kunou hummed.

"We could spend time here, with Cheshire and the others," the girl suggested, a soft, shy smile forming on her face. "Like a family."

He returned the smile back at her fondly.

"That sounds great," he agreed with a nod, looking at Yasaka to see her sharing the same expression as him.

[}-o-{]​

"So, you ready?" Joshua asked, sitting across from Aika and Issei, specifically from Aika though. The girl looked a little nervous, but also excited. Issei, for his part, looked a little unsure and awkward, but that was fine. He was there for emotional support, sort of, so it made sense that he didn't really know what to do other than sit there next to his girlfriend. Which was funny, because that was exactly what he needed to do.

"I am… I think," Aika mumbled, fidgeting with the edges of the piece of paper in her hand. Her eyes scanned the design drawn on it again and again, trying to make sure that everything was perfect. She was getting more nervous, Joshua realized, the more time passed.

"Then let's do it. I've got my own spells in place in case anything goes wrong, so don't worry," he reassured. Idly and unnecessarily, he double checked those aforementioned spells to make sure they were up and ready. They were, which meant that everything was in place. He'd made sure that he was as in control of the situation as he could.

Aika was going to cast her first spell, after all.

A small but very significant step after she had spent so long preparing. He knew that she'd basically devoured books on her chosen magic. He also had had plenty of conversations with her, teaching her what he could and trying to help her along even if he wasn't very knowledgeable in that branch. He'd also had plenty of discussions with her in general, offering her someone to bounce ideas and theories off of.

"Go ahead, it'll be fine."

"You sure there won't be any explosions or… anything bad happening?" Aika asked, growing more and more afraid by the second. That is, until Issei planted his hand on her shoulder.

"It's going to be fine. Joshua knows how to teach magic, remember?" he reassured and Joshua got, once more, a glance at the boy that had been a harem protagonist back before he'd completely derailed the plot. Although, all things considered, Joshua wouldn't be very surprised if that went on to be the case anyway even with the changes.

Hesitantly, Aika looked between Issei, Joshua and the circle in her hands.

"Ok… Let's do it," she said, visibly gathering her courage as she laid the paper on the table. She seemed to have calmed down, but just in case Joshua kept a close eye on his own spells. He needed to contain any mistake that might happen if she wasn't focused enough on the spell. "Let's do it," she repeated.

And so, she did. She took a deep breath in, and the circle started shining. It projected over the piece of paper. Then, Joshua pursed his lips when he saw it flicker. That expression turned to a smile when the circle stabilized again.

'Come on,' Joshua thought, urging the spell to work.

And it did.

All that Aika had told him that to anyone but her would just see an orb of colorful lights… Which was definitely the case for him, at least. He wasn't sensing anything wrong with the spell, at least. Furthermore, nothing was going haywire and Aika seemed to be noticing something.

So, he waited, watched and leaned back. An amused expression crossed his face as he regarded Issei, who in turn was looking at his girlfriend and her spell in awe. Then he took in Aika herself, who looked at the orb in front of her like it was the most interesting book she'd ever read.

That is, until the lights dimmed and then it disappeared.

"So, what's the verdict?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow at the girl. She'd told him more or less what she'd be trying to do. A simple divination spell that was supposed to tell the caster if the target had anyone… vying for their attention as it were. It was a little unreliable in some aspects, but if anything that motivated Aika even more.

She wanted to perfect that spell, apparently.

Not what he'd have done, but she was her own person.

He wasn't sure he wanted an actual answer to his question though. After all, Aika had told him that she was going to cast that on Issei… And ended up casting it on him. She'd also done that on purpose, because she didn't even look the slightest bit surprised.

"Wow, maybe you have reason to call him sensei, Issei," she said, making both of them blink at her. Then Joshua felt a pit form in his stomach. "I mean, I expected a decent number. But this many? I've been letting my boyfriend hang out and work with a player. I don't know if I should be impressed or worried. Are you going to teach-?"

"Are you going to be quite done sometime this week?" he asked, bringing a hand up to massage the bridge of his nose. Suddenly, he was sure that he shouldn't even have asked.

"I don't know," Aika answered, grinning widely at him, clearly far too entertained to let it go. "I think I could milk this forever. Definitely a year, maybe ten, but I think if I really try, I could go on for a hun-"

"Aika," he interrupted, giving her a flat stare. Ultimately, when she closed her mouth and stared at him with wide, "innocent" eyes, he just sighed and smiled. "... Good job. You are officially a magician now, Aika Kiryuu."

She blinked at him then, seemingly not processing that for a long second. Then she squealed and brought Issei into what looked like a painful hug. The guy didn't seem too bothered by that though, simply hugging her back and congratulating her.

All in all, despite the slight… "mishap", it was a good night. Now he'd have to make sure Aika never told him the details of what she'd gotten from the spell though. He felt like he really didn't want to know.

God, her magic was dangerous.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I tried my best to bring out some characters that have more or less been pushed to the side. You know, Sairaorg, Koneko and Kuroka, Aika and Issei… Not Kunou, of course, but there can always be more Kunou in this story.

If you disagree, you are a heathen and I don't know what you are doing in this story.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How did you sleep last night? I haven't slept in like 20 hours. Sleep is for the weak anyway.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Maelstrom183, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 195 others
Adrian King
Jul 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 125 - Maybe I Can Light the Way
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#474
Maybe I Can Light the Way

[Riser Phenex]

"I don't understand," he said, frowning heavily as his family gathered to teleport to the meeting that would take place in a few minutes. Rosar and Ravel on each side of him, Ruval next to the former and then their parents afterwards. They were even positioned, as if they were going to visit a Lord or a Lady instead of just some… "Why are we even humoring this human?" he snarled, getting smacked over the head by Rosar.

"Because that human has the power to ruin us. Which part of that didn't you get, little brother?" he asked, narrowing his eyes at him. His parents looked mostly disappointed and Ruval and Ravel looked like they didn't want anything to do with him. What was wrong with them?

"We can just kill him," he told them. Surely he wasn't the first one to come up with such a simple solution, right? "What's he going to do about that?"

"Lord Lucifer, Lady Leviathan and his backers already know what he's achieved," his mother said, a cold as ice tone in her voice that was very ironic in a Phenex of all people. "If something were to happen to him, everyone would point at us first, even with any other enemies he might have gotten. This is… a disgrace, but it's better than being the enemy of everyone because we tried to keep monopoly. We might be powerful, but we aren't that powerful, Riser."

"What are they going to do? We'd still have the monopoly, even if they don't like that we took the alternative out-"

"Even if those that rely on our supply of Phoenix Tears didn't do anything. What about those that have a chance at it now that hadn't before?" his father asked, standing tall and looking down at him as if he were a dumb kid. It pissed him off. "The Egyptians are making this move. They might be mostly gone now, but they have allies. Even if they didn't, people would look their way with something of this magnitude on the table. If you take that away from the world, the world would turn against us."

That… That sounded bad.

"So, yes, Riser, nobody is happy with this, but we'll play nice," his father continued, sighing and deflating. "We'll get what we can out of this deal and be happy that the… human-," he spat out, with as much distaste as Riser himself felt. "-is offering us a chance to get anything at all out of this mess."

"We understand that, father," Ruval said before his eye twitched and he turned to glare at Riser. "Most of us, at least."

"No need to glare at me like tha-"

"If you ruin this, Riser, so help me," Rosar hissed at him.

"Is he really Domino Mask?" Ravel asked then, making everyone turn at her. With all eyes on her, his little sister blushed a little. "What?"

"Yes, Ravel," their mother said, more fondly exasperated than angry or anything else. Had they all gone mad? Riser was starting to wonder, honestly. "He is Domino Mask."

"Nice," the girl said enthusiastically, drawing even more intense looks from them all. "What?"

"... I guess that's better than how Riser reacted," their father commented, drawing a scandalized look from him. "It's time. Be on your best behavior," the man said, and there was so much steel in those words that it made even Riser straighten up.

A second later, they were teleported to… a human house, he supposed. It was almost out of place, really, except for the fact that they were meeting with a human magician. Still, to warrant all the warnings their parents had issued for this and make a move that had basically left them with no options but to do as he said… Riser had expected more.

"Lord Phenex, Lady Phenex," a man told them, standing between Lord Lucifer and Lady Leviathan. 'At least he dressed the part,' Riser thought to himself, barely holding back a sneer. Good thing too, because the human's blue eyes seemed to lock on him the longest. "You must be Ruval, Rosar, Riser and Ravel… I'm sorry if I got any of those wrong."

"You didn't," their father replied, preening like he always did when he got to introduce his family. "My wife and I are very lucky to have them all," he added, like he always did. It was a point of pride to have so many children in their society, but Riser had gotten tired of that after the first twenty times and that had been a long time before then.

"Pleasure to meet you," the human said, smiling as if everything was right and this wasn't a travesty to everything Riser had been taught while growing up. They'd barely arrived and the man was already getting on his nerves. If things keep like they were… "It's nice to see that you are all interested in this new development for your family."

Riser had to hold back a roll of his eyes at that.

They weren't interested. Their parents had just decided that since the situation of the family was going to change drastically, they needed to be more involved in things now. They'd be going over the deal and they'd meet the human themselves. If nothing else, their father had said, it'd teach them that they might need to be more polite than they usually would have been with their lessers.

Riser hated it.

"Indeed," their mother said, a smile on her face that even Riser had to wonder if it was fake. She had always been just that good at it. "I don't think anyone has anything to say before we get started?" she said, phrasing it like a question even though it wasn't as she turned towards them, pointedly looking at Riser himself to keep his mouth shut.

He almost wanted to say something to-

"Um, Mr. Davis?" All eyes turned towards Ravel at once, with three more than the last time now.

"Yes, Ms. Phenex?" he asked, clearly as surprised as they were that the girl had spoken. 'Oh, mom's not going to be happy about this when we get home,' Riser thought, almost feeling bad for his sister. Ultimately, he was just glad that it wasn't him that'd be scolded. He'd almost expected it, really, but maybe little Ravel had saved him.

"Oh, um, just Ravel is fine, sir," she stammered a little, very unlike her, really. "Could I…? I was wondering if I could have an autograph, sir."

"An… autograph?"

"I'm a big fan of your character as-"

"Domino Mask," Lady Leviathan interrupted, visibly perking up. Beside her, Davis just looked at Ravel, somewhere between amused and exasperated. "You have good taste, lil' one. Well, what are you waiting for, Josh?"

Silently, with a shake of his head, Davis brought a hand up and summoned a piece of paper and a pen from a storage spell. 'He's actually going to do it?' Riser asked in his mind, eye twitching ever so slightly, especially when the man passed the autograph to Ravel, who looked as happy as he'd ever seen her.

"Always happy to meet a fan," the human said then, planting a hand over Riser's little sister's head and ruffling her blond locks. She didn't even let them do that! "So, with that done, the meeting?"

"... Right, of course," Riser's father replied, looking, for once, as annoyed as Riser felt inside. He couldn't even feel vindicated though. All he felt was angry and annoyed.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"That was… unexpected," he mumbled, once the meeting was done and the Phenex had teleported away. "I shouldn't even be surprised anymore."

"What's there to be surprised about?" Serafall asked, looking like a happy camper as she swayed and kicked her legs up and down. He couldn't help but smile back at her when he saw the wide grin on her face, honestly. "What?"

"I didn't expect a Phenex to ask for an autograph," he answered, his smile turning wry. "Why is it that this world loves throwing curve balls at me?"

"Because you think too boringly," she told him cheerfully. His only response was giving her a flat look that made her giggle. "She had some wild takes on the show though. That girl's got an imagination."

"... She got you with the Domino and Levi get together, huh?" he asked, staring at her.

"How did she figure it out?!" Serafall asked, looking genuinely outraged. She was even pouting. "I've been so subtle, so-"

"Please tell me that's not subtle for you," he commented with a flat look. "Even I figured it out," he added, raising an eyebrow at Serafall's betrayed look. "What? It was a little awkward before we got together, I'll admit."

"Oh, was it?" she asked, her expression shifting into something playful as she approached him. "And I'm guessing the kiss scenes would have been such a chore in the future, right?"

"Hm, I don't know," he replied, smiling as she stood in front of him before pecking him on the lips. "I really don't know," he added, leaning down himself to pull her into a deeper kiss. "I wouldn't say a chore," he continued, a grin on his face before they both leaned forward-

"Woah, woah! Keep it G rated, people, we have a child in the house!" Jeanne exclaimed. Looking over Serafall, he gave his sister a flat look while she grinned like a little shit, covering Asia's eyes as if they weren't both the same age. "Seriously, get a room!"

"I'll remember this the next time I see you with Kiba," he said, more a promise than a threat, grinning victoriously as the girl realized the error of her ways. It was too late for her, however, all too late. "My vengeance will be swift, and terrible."

"Slow," Serafall corrected, pout in place. "Slow and terrible."

"Yes, dear," he replied, making her giggle.

"N-Now, let's not be hasty," Jeanne tried, letting down her hands and looking very desperate all of a sudden.

"That's kind of the point of making it slow," Serafall commented, turning and leaning into her chest while looking at Jeanne. "Isn't it, Josh?" she asked before looking up at him questioningly. "I think it is."

"It is, Sera," he agreed, enjoying the increasingly afraid look on his sister's face. Unfortunately, Asia wasn't looking too happy and while teasing Jeanne was great, the nun was too pure to get her upset with something stupid like that.

"I think that's enough teasing, Mr. Joshua, Ms. Serafall," the nun commented, looking both firm and unsure at the same time somehow. "Please?"

"Oh, she's adorable, Josh! We'll keep her, right?" Serafall exclaimed, completely ignoring the nun's words and jumping forward to pinch at her cheeks. "She's precious."

"She is," he agreed with a chuckle before he helped out poor Asia, freeing her from his partner's clutches. "That doesn't mean we can just adopt her like that. She's got a whole faction and stuff, you know? Besides, she's old enough to make that decision for herself," he explained, mostly for Asia's benefit. She was naive enough to take Serafall's words seriously, after all. Or so he thought.

"I know, Mr. Joshua, but I wouldn't mind staying here for good, I think," the girl replied, smiling up at him and making him blink, caught off guard. "Someone has to take care of my garden, right?" she added, just then showing some uncertainty through her act.

"Too right, Asia," he replied with a grin of his own. "Speaking of your garden, you mind if I take Serafall for a walk there? We have to plan Jeanne's comeuppance."

"Not at all, Mr. Joshua. Have fun," she told them, beaming, clearly happy to have someone want to appreciate the beauty of her work, her garden. "Not too much fun though."

"No promises~" Serafall said playfully as she took his hand and started pulling him out of the house. "Let's go, let's go~!"

"Wait, but-..." Jeanne called from behind him, going completely ignored. "... They are joking, right?" Joshua heard when they were reaching the door.

"I'm sure it won't be that bad, Jeanne," Asia comforted her and then their conversation went silent when the door closed behind him. She was wrong though.

It was definitely going to be that bad.

[}-o-{]​

"Now, this is interesting," he commented, reading through the paper that he'd been presented. The class was silent as he looked through some of the essays they'd presented from homework assigned previously. Only one person had decided it was a good idea to talk when he was doing that once, asking why they weren't continuing with the class instead of doing nothing while he read.

That person had had his specific assignment completely dissected, with all the flaws pointed out in excruciating detail.

Nobody had dared to do the same thing since.

"Who here can tell me why it's not a good idea to feed magic to a wardstone with a Draining Ward if it's not being used as a foci?" he asked, looking up and scanning the room. Reading through such works made holes in the knowledge of the students stand out, allowing him to better address them. Granted, he was kind enough not to point out who wrote what, instead of doing it like he had when he'd been interrupted. "Yes?" he asked Meredith, who had her hand up.

He found it a little amusing that his Stars had seemingly decided on a system where they took turns to raise their hands. He had no doubt that Levi would have answered any and all questions all the time otherwise. He did wonder what the others offered for him to give up that though.

"Without a spell to channel and better circulate the energy, the wardstone is much more likely to become unstable a lot faster," Meredith answered with an expression that showed that she knew she was right. "Just like an overpowered spellbound wardstone would, Professor Davis."

"Great answer." He nodded, making her beam at him. "It's also worth noting that even if you do it anyway, a lot of magic will be lost in the process without a spell to help contain it. Furthermore, any spell you cast on it afterwards will be a lot less stable than it should be, likely resulting in more wasted energy too," he explained, waving his hand to make a display over the blackboard while the students started taking notes. "On that note, which type of wardstone do you think is the most unstable and which is the most stable in this process? Yes?" he asked when several hands went up.

"A… high quality defensive wardstone?" one of his non-Star students answered hesitantly.

"Anyone have another answer?" Joshua asked then only a few hands remained up. Chancing it again, he picked another non-Star student.

"A low quality offensive wardstone," a man answered, a lot more confidently even as most of the class looked at him weirdly.

"Yes," he confirmed, getting confused expressions from all around. "Contrary to what one would expect, the impurities of the low quality wardstones ironically help dissipate most of the problematic nature of unstable magic energy," he explained, making a second display appear next to the previous one. "On top of that, the more active, direct focus of the offensive ones helps concentrate the energy quicker than the other types. Fun, how that works, right?" he finished idly while he waited for the scratching sound of the students' writing to end.

He almost missed the days when students would act up, if he were honest. It added some interesting aspects to the classes, that was for sure. Was it weird that he liked when he would have to put students in their place? It made the classes feel less like… Well, classes. Added that extra piece of excitement to it that…

'Yeah, it's definitely weird,' he decided to himself with a smile.

"Now, what do we talk about next," he said out loud, starting to pace and continuing to read essays while the students continued taking notes. He'd put extra information on the displays for those like Levi that loved to have more to go over. Nothing wrong with having more to work with, he knew he was like that too.

Then he paused.

With a grin on his face, he moved towards the desk and slapped the papers on top of it. A few of his students jumped on their seats, but all of them looked up. There were even some complaints about him taking down the displays. However, a second later, as new displays appeared in front of the boards, confused silence fell on the classroom.

"You have ten minutes to have something to give me. Work in groups, work alone, work however you want," he told them and he saw as, one by one, their minds started clicking into place. "Best one gets to have a personalized class about whatever they want next time."

Oh, was that last part the right thing to say.

In less than a second, the entire classroom had descended into chaos as the students rushed to get to work.

'This is fun though,' he thought, grinning as he continued leaning against the desk, taking in the sight of the classroom. Maybe he could make more activities like that through his time teaching that class. Maybe once he started the new Spell Modification class further down the line too. 'Better to keep it a surprise though, that'll make it better,' he mused.

It was for the benefit of the students, after all.

It had nothing to do with his own entertainment.

Not at all.

[}-o-{]​

[Gabriel]

She was intrigued, she'd admit.

After all the time she'd known and worked with Joshua Davis, she didn't remember her faction ever actually being called by him. It was always them that ended up approaching him one way or another. The closest thing to what had happened now was when he'd sent them the information regarding one of Khaos Brigade's bases in Church territory, she supposed.

Now, however, he'd asked for them. Not precisely a call for help, however, nor assistance or services of any kind. That was the part that intrigued her, honestly. What could the man want to talk about with them so urgently that it required a call instead of waiting until the next base he needed to help with the defense of? His precise words were that he had something to talk about with them and that he needed to be discreet. Not what Gabriel would call a very informative message.

There were things to speculate about in that regard, however.

If he was asking for her, Griselda and her two protege swordswomen to go to him, then it was likely something that needed to be kept away from any ears on the walls in their territory. Something that might cause trouble for him, for them or for both if it was spread to the wrong people. And oh how it saddened Gabriel to think that of her own faction.

She prayed, she prayed every day for the conflicts with their own people to be over. Alas, she received no answer and was once more that much more sympathetic to her own people, who went without answers for most of their lives. One truly doesn't know what they have until it's gone.

"Thanks for coming so quickly," Davis welcomed them, smile in place and Gabriel was, again, a little taken aback by how casual he acted and dressed. She knew many would stumble over themselves to treat her kind differently, even non-believers and completely disconnected people. Angels had, after all, a deep mark in mankind, regardless of one's beliefs.

And then there was Joshua Davis, with casual words, and a wrinkled flannel shirt over a plain white one.

"You've been helping us a lot, Joshua," Gabriel told him, finding it odd to address such an ally so casually, but she liked it nevertheless. It was novel and it was… refreshing, she'd say. It was also what he preferred, and who was she to deny him such a simple request. "There is nothing to be grateful of. If you need us, it's the least we can do to answer a call."

"I'd say it's not that serious, but it kind of is," he told them, a hint of a smile on his face before it was buried under severity. Running his fingers through his hair, he seemed to consider his words carefully for a moment. "I need your word that you'll be careful with the information I'm about to give you. Very careful."

Well, if that wasn't worrying, then Gabriel didn't know what would be. Coming from a fairly laid back person like Joshua, hearing such statement was very much something to concern themselves over. Ultimately, there was no reason not to agree with such a demand.

"We agree to that, Joshua. You have my word," she said easily.

Maybe some would consider herself too trusting, for just accepting what he said at face value. Some would even say that because of how quickly and readily they had answered the call. Gabriel personally disagreed.

Joshua had proved himself to be a person worth trusting, time and time again. Offering them help while wanting nothing in return. He'd even gone as far as giving them more as if it were a favor to him for them to accept. Just like some would call her too trusting, some would call him a madman for some of the things he'd done.

And then there was that one thing…

"I find that it's better to give than to receive," Joshua had said and it was so very easy for Gabriel to remember. How could she not?

"It is more blessed to give than to receive," someone else much closer to her had said a long time ago, even though it felt like the day before. It made Gabriel wonder. With that and his name… But it couldn't be. She would have known something. Michael would have known something.

But even if it was not that, it still gave her pause.

"That's great to hear, especially from you," Joshua replied with a smile on his face. "No offense to you or the girls, Griselda," he added, glancing towards her companions. After that, Gabriel saw him doubt still, which made her even more curious and worried at the same time.

Then his hand moved up to grab at the locket that he always wore around his neck.

"... Follow me," he told them after a long moment of silence. Sharing looks behind him, Gabriel and the other three moved to do just that. The trek through the man's house was short, eventually stopping behind an unassuming door. "This is what I wanted to show you," Joshua told them, opening the door and leading them inside.

Not a step afterwards, all four of them froze.

"Is that…?" Griselda breathed out beside her.

"Incinerate Anthem," Gabriel finished and confirmed at the same time, looking at the bright purple holy flames of her Father's artifact. One more of the many symbols of her brother's demise, his sacrifice. A bittersweet sight, if there ever was one.

"I… came across it, you could say," Joshua said as he continued walking, reaching the stand over which seemed to float the Sacred Gear. As if responding to the proximity, the purple fire shifted, trying to get closer to him. In kind, Joshua extended his hand, allowing it to lick at his fingers as if it were a dog receiving its owner back.

It was… certainly a sight.

"You could also say I've been… tasked with finding it a new wielder," Joshua added, turning around to look at them. Behind him, the four of them saw Incinerate Anthem flare up until the flames towered over the man, as if making a statement.

As if Gabriel didn't have enough things in her mind to give her ideas…

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

There's some stuff to unpack here, I guess. Most important of all that Ravel is a Domino Mask fa- What? Why are you looking at me like that?

Anyway, some more insight on the Phenex and Riser being an idiot but… Well, did anyone expect differently? I try to make characters a lil' better than in canon, but I can only do so much, guys. It also tends to depend on the fic and how the Muse is feeling at a particular moment, but that's neither here nor there.

Some more classes are shown too, which is always nice, at least for me.

And then there's the Gabriel part. Oh boy, the Gabriel part. Here's hoping I didn't mess up with that one and the stuff I'm talking about there. It's kind of very important, depending on how you look at it.

I also hope you enjoyed the chapter, of course.

Random Question: Have you figured out what's going on in the Gabriel part? Do you think I'm doing a good job there?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 192 others
Adrian King
Jul 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 126 - No One Could Save Me but You
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#478
No One Could Save Me but You

Unfortunately, getting Incinerate Anthem to choose a wielder wasn't as easy as presenting it to Gabriel, Griselda, Xenovia and Irina. The flames had chosen none of those four and they'd more or less talked about offering the opportunity to test if the Sacred Gear would choose someone else in the future. They needed to do some heavy screening for that though and Joshua didn't even need to make that a point.

The last thing they wanted was their inside enemies getting their hands on such a powerful weapon, after all.

They might have Dulio Gesualdo on their side with Zenith Tempest, but that didn't mean they could afford to just surrender a Longinus to the other side. If anything, that just meant they had to be extra careful. They needed to hold onto their advantage more than they needed the risk of trying to get more.

On the other hand, this was a very important holy artifact that they couldn't just let someone else take. They had to do their best to get it on their side. Even with that though, Joshua had been surprised by how… lax Gabriel seemed be in regards to the item. She hadn't even tried to argue with him when he said he might do some testing of his own with other people too.

'Don't look at a gift horse in the mouth, Josh,' he told himself, letting out a weary breath and rubbing his eyes tiredly.

"Here, Mr. Joshua," Asia told him, making him blink. 'Maybe I need to take a break,' he thought, trying to gather his thoughts as he turned and then blinked again. There stood Asia with her usual beaming smile that looked even more brilliant than other times. He was almost afraid it'd blind him, honestly.

And being carried in her hands was…

"Asia, you are the best," he mumbled, smiling widely as he reached for the tray and took the cup of tea sitting on top. "The absolute best. Much better than that freeloader, Jeanne."

"Hey! I help plenty!" the aforementioned freeloader protested while Asia giggled, hugging the now empty tray to her chest.

"Thank you, Mr. Joshua. I try," the nun replied, sounding happy as she could be. He wasn't sure why she was so happy that day, but he wouldn't question it. Maybe she was just having a great day, just like how he was having an especially exhausting one… And it was still morning, because of course.

"You are supposed to take my side, Asia!" Jeanne whined. "How am I supposed to win any arguments when you take his side? His familiars already do that!"

"Sorry, Jeanne," Asia replied, turning and giving the swordswoman an apologetic look. "But you don't help around that much," she added without mercy.

"I'll help clean and cook, she said," he grumbled exaggeratedly while Jeanne made scandalized Jeanne noises somewhere in the living room. "I can help, she said."

"I literally fight for my life helping you!" she cried out.

"Bah, those are easy fights and you know it," he argued when the girl came barreling into the kitchen to defend herself. "Truly, aren't you ashamed of yourself?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at her.

She looked at him, half offended and half dismayed… until she caught his lips twitching.

"You are the worst, Joshua!" she cried out, making him burst into laughter while Asia giggled softly, bringing the tray up to cover it up. "Why do I put up with you?"

"Because my spells take care of the chores for you? I can always take them down. I hear chores help build character," he commented idly, drawing a horrified look from his sister.

"You wouldn't, right?" she asked, forcing a laugh. "Haha, that's a nice joke, Josh," she said, sounding very much nervous and not at all amused. "You… You are joking, right?"

"Hm, I don't know, am I?" he asked thoughtfully. That's when he felt something metallic tap him on the top of his head. Turning, he faced Asia, who held the tray in her hands still and a smile on her face. She looked like she was holding back more giggles.

"That's enough teasing, Mr. Joshua," she said and he rolled his eyes with a fond smile.

"Fine. Ruin my fun, Asia."

"Thank you," she replied, beaming at him. Then she turned and skipped to where she left the tray and then went about her day. "If you need me, I think I'll take a walk through the garden."

"Have fun," he called as the girl moved away. Then he turned towards Jeanne. "Did something happen?" he asked, a little confused even if he was happy to see Asia being… Well, happy too.

"She made a flower arrangement for Griselda and Gabriel yesterday and they loved it," his sister explained. 'Ah, that explains it,' he thought with a nod and a hum. When had she given it to them though? He didn't remember seeing that. "You need anything? I'm going out with Kiba in a bit."

"I need you to use-" he started, his lips pulling up.

"Josh," she hissed, eyes narrowed.

"Fine, be that way," he said with a grin on his face. "I think we are good, have fun," he told her, waving her off. "Not too much fun though," he continued quickly when his sister turned and started to leave the kitchen. "You are too young to make me an unc-!"

"Josh!" she screeched, making him laugh. That is, before he felt Morag fall on his back from where she'd been walking on the ceiling.

"Hey girl," he greeted, looking over his shoulder as the spider pulled on his hair. "You feel like playing, huh?" he added with a smile. He was interrupted by a bird's cry as Margalo flew in. "Is Nagini gonna slither in next?" he asked when he saw Cheshire calmly walking in. Then all three of his familiars looked at him. "Ok, I guess we are going to her," he decided, chuckling as he stood up and went towards the room where Incinerate Anthem was.

Not that he needed an excuse to spend time with his familiars, but he could also check on the Sacred Gear too, he supposed.

[}-o-{]​

[Eliphas Levi]

He shifted nervously, leafing through the book in front of him even though he'd read it about ten times by then. It wasn't that great a number for Levi, admittedly, since he usually read books until he knew them by heart. However, he hadn't had the time he usually did to get "properly acquainted" with a tome.

No, he'd been requested for a specific job that required knowledge that he had only gotten tangentially thus far. So, in the spirit of doing well in his most important job so far, Levi had done his best with what little time he'd been given. He couldn't fail in this job, after all. There was no way. He refused.

Jobs had always been a rare thing for him, especially solitary jobs. He was usually requested by other magicians in order to be the backup for someone that was more talented in magic but that lacked in theory. He wasn't even bothered by that. He knew he was bad at actually casting magic and he accepted that. Not doing so would have been foolhardy and stupid and he prided himself in not being stupid.

It was a little demoralizing how little he could do with just theory though, he'd admit.

However, things had changed once he joined Professor Davis' Stars, as some people called them, between a variety of other nicknames. Some of those were flattering, some of those were born out of jealousy. Regardless, Levi had never had so much attention on him and suddenly he wasn't that failure of a magician that couldn't cast. He was the magician that had all the answers.

He could hardly believe it.

There were more jobs coming his way. Word seemed to be spreading around of who he was and that he'd been acknowledged by Joshua Davis himself, however vaguely so. People wanted his opinion on a number of jobs now and he wasn't treated like he was a talking book. He was an equal, maybe even a superior now. People were even asking him for tutoring and House of Water had mentioned that they might hire him to teach classes. Granted, they hadn't sounded like the offer was a certain thing, but still.

He owed all that to Joshua Davis, Levi knew, and there was nothing he wouldn't do to pay the man back. His power and skills might be few, but if it was within his limited power, then he'd do it. That much he'd sworn.

All that had led to the position he was now in, sitting with a book on his desk and waiting for his next tutoring student to show up. And what a student it was, indeed. This was, after all, his most important job up to that point. There was no doubt of that.

As the teleporting circle shone in the room they'd been provided at House of Water, Levi straightened in his seat.

"Sorry for the delay," Professor Davis said instantly, looking very apologetic indeed. As if Levi would have cared if he arrived an entire day late. He'd have waited there, too afraid and too resolute to move away anyway. "Someone just couldn't let go of her boyfriend," he commented, while the girl by his side looked entirely unashamed and unapologetic.

He heard the girl speak then, in Japanese, which he didn't understand. He had plans to learn that language though, along with a number of others. At that moment, it moved to the very top of his list. For the moment, he pulled a circle he'd prepared in advance and he was extra careful while casting it.

The last thing he wanted was a terrible first impression.

"Hello," he said once it was cast, coughing behind his hand as he gathered his courage. "I'm Eliphas Levi, but you can call me Levi."

"Aika Kiryuu," the girl replied with a smile. "Was that so I could hear you in Japanese?"

"And so I could hear you in English," he answered, drawing an impressed look from the girl. He knew the spell wasn't all that, a simple communication spell that anyone who delved in the branch even for a few spells would get. Still, he felt pretty proud of that, if only because he hadn't messed up and because of the girl's reaction. "So, Professor Davis said you needed help with Divination."

"I've been helping her so far, but I don't have as much time as she needs and books can only get her so far. I'm also no expert in the branches she wants to learn either, so there's that," the man himself replied instead of the girl as he gestured for Kiryuu to take a seat across from Levi. "So, any help would be nice."

"Joshua doesn't give himself enough credit, of course, but I won't say no to more help," the girl said, shooting the man an amused expression while Levi felt his eyes widen a little. Fortunately, he was able to hold back a more dramatic reaction but… This girl just called him Joshua? Everyone knew the man always asked to be called that until he gave up, but still… Nobody had taken him up on that for a reason. Well, except for Meredith, but she was a special case.

Was this girl an even more special case?

"Welp, with that said," Professor Davis said, clapping his hands. "I'll leave you two to that, yeah? I have stuff to do, but I'll come pick you up later, yeah?" he asked, turning towards Kiryuu at the end. "Here's your pay, by the way," the man added, placing a metal card with a Storage Spell circle carved on it. "I've come across many books, some of them repeated. You can have them as pay for these classes. If you already have them, feel free to sell them or trade them or whatever you want. If you feel like it's not enough, then we can talk more later, yeah? See you."

"Ah, but-" Levi started, only to be interrupted by Professor Davis teleporting away. Closing his mouth, he slumped on his seat. He didn't even need to be paid for this. As it was, he already felt massively in the man's debt.

"So, before we get to it, I have a question," Kiryuu commented, drawing Levi's attention back to her and he readied himself to teach her. Davis had warned him that she didn't have any normal magician education, much like himself, so she might ask or do strange things that he might have to explain to her. So, this arrangement was probably going to be a long project. "In a one to ten scale, how important is Joshua? Because I get this slight sense that he might be downplaying it for me or he might not even know the full scope himself."

Levi blinked then.

Well, that was not the kind of question he'd prepared himself for.

"An eleven?" he answered, wondering if he was, maybe, downplaying it himself. "He's the best in his field, let alone his main magic branches. He's one of, if not straight out the best magic teacher anyone that has had him as one has ever had. He's defeated one – supposedly two or three, depending on who you ask – Longinus Sacred Gear users and he's a master of spell modification, which is really hard for most people."

"... I knew I couldn't be that bad at it," Levi heard the girl grumble, clicking her tongue. "Can we change this from Divination Magic to Magic Culture? Because damn, I feel like I need a lot of context before getting involved in any of this."

That was certainly not the kind of question he'd prepared himself for.

"Ah… Sure," he answered, because what else could he do but adapt? Levi wasn't about to tell this girl no. This was a job for Professor Davis, after all. If the man himself wasn't at the very least annoyed if he messed up, then the rest of the Stars would make sure he felt their displeasure.

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

"-And honestly, that guy needs to get a grip. Just because he can't cast well doesn't mean he's a terrible magician," Joshua told her, rolling his eyes in exasperation.

Admittedly, it was a little ironic for Joshua to criticize someone for underestimating themselves when he was master in the art of doing just that. He was getting marginally better at it though, she supposed. His brand of humility sometimes made even Yasaka herself wonder if he was actually just downplaying his own abilities or if he truly believed what he said. It was hard to tell, from time to time.

And that was with her life sensing and generally good people reading skills honed by years and years of politics.

"You care about those students, don't you?" she asked, taking the glass set in front of her and pausing in her eating. There was no rush to get dinner over, really, and she always enjoyed herself just sitting there across from the man she had chosen. Maybe it was the time in between, maybe it was memories that were tarnished by other, less pleasant ones, or maybe it was actually how it was, but she felt like she enjoyed her dates with Joshua a lot more than she did with her ex-husband.

"I do," Joshua answered easily with a fond smile that looked so very well on him. "I guess they remind me of myself a little, a little differently for each of them."

"Does Kunou need to be jealous?" she asked jokingly, earning a laugh from the man.

"Not in a million years. My students are great and I care for them, but they are students, that's all," he replied, waving off her silly statement. Well, her daughter would certainly be happy to hear that anyway. She'd already had some trouble getting used to Asia as it was back in the day. If someone came even remotely close to threatening her place in Joshua's life… "No chances of that, I can promise. Kunou's my daughter," he added with a roll of his eyes.

Yasaka would never grow tired of hearing him call her daughter his. She suspected, in fact, that the man knew this because he took any chance to say those words or a variation of them. Either that or he knew that Kunou liked it, but he did it when their daughter wasn't around too. Yasaka liked thinking that he liked saying that himself, but either would have made her happy.

"She is," she agreed with a content smile, looking intently at Joshua. If the gulp and the slight reddening of his cheeks was any indication, he'd gotten the message. Good. She didn't know his reasons, but she'd rather encourage him to keep doing it regardless.

"Ahem, I-" he coughed, visibly struggling to talk about something to distract himself. It was very amusing, so Yasaka simply let him flounder looking for something. "Don't think I didn't notice that you don't talk about work anymore," he commented, drawing a giggle from her.

"You are just mad you can't glean ways to help me without my consent," she replied, drawing a huff from the man as he calmed himself down. A shame, that, but she was sure she could recover the progress she'd made there without problem.

"Do you have to make it sound like that?"

"I'm sure I have no idea what you are talking about," she answered with a smile as she brought her glass to her lips. When he just stared at her and raised an eyebrow, she sighed. She did hate to talk about this. It wasn't that she didn't appreciate it, but she didn't like receiving help from Joshua. She had her own reasons, of course, but talking about them…

"Yasaka," Joshua said, taking a moment after that to think something through. That was already different from usual. He usually just made a joke or said something about helping anyway. "Am I annoying you with this? Is there a reason you are so against this?" he asked, and immediately her good mood was dampened. Not because of Joshua, what he was doing or anything like that, however.

It was her fault that Joshua was hesitating now. It was her fault that his already low confidence was taking a hit. And it was all because she refused to accept help from the one person she should. It was all on her and she knew it.

"Joshua," she replied, taking a deep breath in and another sip from her drink. "I apologize."

"No, don't worry about it. I'm the one that-"

"No," she interrupted firmly, because she wasn't about to make him feel like any of it all was his fault. "I'm… I'm used to not getting help, Joshua. I'm used to doing things by myself, to not depending on someone else. I guess… That has made me reluctant to accept help."

"I should have realized I was pushing too much," Joshua told her, running his fingers through his hair. "I just-"

"Don't apologize, Joshua," Yasaka interrupted again, pinning him with a look that was much different from the previous one, but just as intent. "Helping is what you do, you shouldn't apologize about it. It's something that I adore about you, but… I guess it did become too much for me, which is why I've been so reluctant to accept your help."

"Ok… So… I should stop?" he asked, more as confirmation than actual doubt.

"I'd appreciate it," she answered with a nod.

"Ok, I can do that… Just, please tell me if you need help, ok?" Joshua asked, looking more resolute than unsure, as she expected. "Because you are important to me, Yasaka. If you struggle, I want to help. And furthermore, if you struggle, Kunou will be affected and I won't have that. So, please?"

"... I can accept that," Yasaka acknowledged, getting a soft smile and a nod from the man. "I have a feeling you'd get me to tell you if you really wanted."

"Let's call those drastic measures, yeah? Which I'd rather avoid," he replied, his grin turning more playful. "Got a little more serious there than I thought we would," he commented with a chuckle. "But… there's a reason why I want to help you most of all, Yasaka."

"Oh?..." Now she was interested in where this was going. She had a feeling, of course, but she certainly was looking forward to hearing it. Because if there was one thing she liked to hear was Joshua speaking his mind when he got like he was then.

No hesitation, only firm belief.

"I want to help you because it's what I do, yes, but I also want to help you because you helped me, Yasaka," Joshua told her and it was his time to look at her intently. "You helped me with things that I really needed help with. You helped in a time when I really needed help. And you've been my rock, the source of stability that I've needed more than once… So… I want to try and repay you at least a little of that, I guess."

"You won't believe me," Yasaka told him then, a watery smile on her face. "But you've helped me just as much if not more already," she explained and she continued then, because Joshua might be able to guess some of the things she was talking about… But she wouldn't have him doubting, unsure. She couldn't allow that. "You helped me with Kunou, who I failed time and time again. You helped me protect her and gave me the confidence that she was safe again when I feared the worst would happen at any time. You've helped make her happy. You've helped me make her happy… And you've helped make me happy. Helped me make myself happy."

She wanted to say more, she did. However, Yasaka suddenly lost all the words that she'd thought of before. There was a knot in her throat and emotions only in her mind. Nothing else seemed to pass through.

"I guess we just can't stop helping each other, can we?" Joshua asked with a smile on his face. His expression one that eased the knot in her throat but somehow left her even more at a loss for words. "What a pair we make, huh?" he added, his voice full of emotion and unreleased laugh in his tone.

"Indeed," Yasaka replied. Even she didn't know how she managed that, with the mess she seemed to have become all of a sudden. Because, for once, she was allowing her emotions to come up and out, unrestrained and uncontrolled. She didn't know how it happened… and she didn't really care.

She simply sat there, her hand setting the glass back on the table else she drop it. Then, Yasaka simply allowed herself to be overwhelmed as she stared at the man across the table. He didn't say anything himself, sitting there himself while returning her gaze silently.

"Joshua," she managed at one point, unsure if they'd stayed like that for a few seconds or entire hours.

"Yes?" he asked, his lips pulling up into another smile that was so very tempting…

"We should finish this meal quickly," she suggested, but couldn't bring herself to do as she herself said. Joshua, for his part, grinned a little wider as he pushed his plate away from him.

"How about we just go instead?" he asked, pushing his chair back. Looking at him, Yasaka felt herself returning his smile in kind and repeating his actions. "I think there's better ways to spend our time."

"Back at home?" she said, standing up when he did.

"Now you are just reading my mind," he replied with a chuckle as he made the money for the meal appear on the table with a dismissive wave of his hand.

"I think you might be reading mine instead," she told him as he moved around the table, pulled her into a kiss and teleported them back to his home.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that last part kind of got out of hand. Several times at that, actually. That kind of makes me nervous, because whenever that kind of thing happens, I feel like it can only mean one of two things, it's either really good or really bad and… Well, we all know how my mind works by now, I'm sure.

Anyway, there's also an explanation for what happened after last chapter. I imagine some people will feel a little cheated that I didn't follow that up but I didn't feel like it was all that important, considering how it went. Maybe I'm wrong though. I've been told repeatedly that I tend to ignore parts that are supposed to be good. If so, then I apologize.

There's also some Levi, which took me by surprise a little, admittedly.

All in all, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you like about this story?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 188 others
Adrian King
Jul 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 127 - Do You Think That I’m an Animal? New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#480
Do You Think That I'm an Animal?

[Cheshire]

She watched Joshua come down from his room and she missed the times when she'd sleep on top of him. He was warm and their connection was at its best when they were calm, close. Cheshire missed those days, but what she didn't miss was Joshua before Kunou, Yasaka and Serafall. She didn't miss his worrying, his fear, his doubts.

So, when Joshua came down the stairs with a smile on his face, followed by Yasaka, Cheshire only greeted him with positive feelings through their bond.

She walked up to him, rubbing against his leg and only just twitching when she smelt Yasaka all over him. He noticed, chuckling as he started preparing her favorite snacks in apology. There was no need, but Cheshire didn't dissuade him from that notion anyway.

She was happy for him, she was, but she did miss spending more time with him. Times changed, however. Joshua wasn't the man that had only Jeanne, Cheshire's sisters and her. He had much more now and they were all glad for it. They just had to adapt to how things were at the moment.

"Hello, Cheshire," Yasaka greeted her with a smile, the kindness of her energies washing over her pleasantly. The woman didn't need to do that, of course, but she always did, with Cheshire and with her sisters. They liked her because of that, because she treated them with the same care that she did Jeanne or Asia. They were their own girls, not an extension of Joshua just because they were his familiars.

Nagini especially liked that, but they were all appreciative all the same.

"Everything ok?" Yasaka asked curiously, smiling widely and warmly at her from where she sat behind the counter, waiting for Joshua to cook. Cheshire hopped on a seat of her own, calling to her sisters through their bond. She was careful not to sit too close to the woman though, because she didn't feel like smelling her either at the moment.

She meowed her response.

"I'm glad. I'm feeling pretty good myself," the woman replied, making Cheshire roll her eyes. As if she couldn't tell, honestly. Yasaka giggled at that, clearly not quite gathering herself just yet, or maybe she wasn't quite awake? Maybe both. "Kunou behaved?" she asked then.

Cheshire meowed, feeling through their bond how Morag woke up the little one. Granted, they were all actually younger than the girl, but she felt like a little sister to them regardless. She was Joshua's daughter, after all, so it was their duty to take care of her as they would Joshua himself, as Joshua would take care of her or them.

"I appreciate the help," Yasaka told her, meaning every word, something that showed in her energy. She looked like she was going to say something else, but then they heard the steps on the stairs again, this time courtesy of Jeanne and Asia. Kunou was still getting out of bed, after all.

Margalo beat them both to the table, however, perching herself on the backrest of Joshua's chair. The rest of the family followed after that. Jeanne, Asia, Kunou and Morag. Poor Nagini would have to wait since she was on Shining Flame duty and the fallen and Kuroka didn't really count, getting their meal after everyone else was done, like they did every time someone came for a meal at the house.

"Slept well, Kunou?" Yasaka asked, running her fingers through her daughter's hair. The little one hummed, rubbing her weary eye while still half asleep. She was adorable like that. No wonder Joshua hadn't stood a chance. "Did you have a good time with Auntie Jeanne?"

Said aunt groaned, letting her head fall on the table in annoyance.

"Why won't you guys stop calling me that?" she whined into the wood. Margalo thought that was hilarious. Cheshire just thought she should quit it already. She wasn't going to win that fight, after all.

"We had fun. We played games and we watched Auntie Serafall and Dad's show a bunch. It was great!" Kunou replied, at first with a sleepy smile but quickly growing excited. "Can I spend the night with Auntie Jeanne and Auntie Asia again soon?"

That was new. Since when did the little one call Asia her aunt? Then again, she was growing quite close with everyone, so it wasn't quite that much of a stretch, but still. Joshua hadn't said anything on the matter still and the girl was more connected with the shining ones than she was with them, she was pretty sure…

Tilting her head, Cheshire checked through the energies and her senses…

And realized it was just a matter of time.

Maybe Joshua was taking his time second-guessing himself again? Asia wasn't making things easy herself either. Yes, it looked like it might take some time to get that going. No matter. They were family already and if the little one said Asia was her aunt, then that was that. Joshua wouldn't say no to that, Cheshire knew.

"Auntie Asia, huh?" Case in point, when the man said that, he did so without a hint of annoyance or anything negative. He even had a smile on his face as he moved towards the table and started setting the plates for everyone, the food already served. "Enjoy, everyone," Joshua told them, grinning as he took his seat on the other side of Kunou from Yasaka. Once he did, stretched his back and yawned.

"You didn't sleep well, dad?" Kunou asked, blinking innocently at the man. Everyone then turned their gazes towards Joshua, even sweet innocent Asia, who didn't look all that innocent at that moment.

"I slept great, Kunou," the man reassured her, sending an unimpressed look around the table that made Morag, Margalo and Asia look down sheepishly. Everyone else kept their staring though. "I just woke up feeling lazy. Didn't want to get up."

"Ah, I felt the same," Kunou commented, none the wiser.

"It wasn't quite the same," Jeanne muttered under her breath. Joshua caught that, however, along with most everyone except, fortunately, Kunou. It'd have been a shame to have to kill Jeanne. Cheshire liked her, after all.

Judging by the way the girl paled under Joshua's glare, she realized the error of her ways.

So, everything was good.

[}-o-{]​

[Morag]

She'd gotten bored.

She couldn't make webs while Joshua was teaching the younglings, after all. For some reason, the people that were in charge of the building didn't like when she did. So, Joshua had asked her not to make webs, which was an awful thing to do, but she'd agreed, because it was Joshua.

Also because everytime she felt bad about not making webs, he'd flood their bond with good feelings and Morag liked that.

So, with nothing to do but still wanting to stick around, Morag had started roaming around the room. At first, it had been mostly on Joshua's corner of it, but then she started crawling on the ceiling. It was fun, to see how some of the younglings and old-younglings got a little twitchy when they saw her do that. Some even did it when they saw her at all.

That had inspired her to push things a little further. So, she started roaming the space between desks, making the younglings pull their feet away from her as much as they could. One of them had even let out a hilarious screech when Morag touched her leg without even meaning to.

It was that incident that pushed her further. She started crawling on the youngling's desks and chairs, careful not to interfere with Joshua's teaching, which meant not actually touching any of the younglings, getting in the way of their sight forward or touching their paper thingies. It was an entertaining game, especially because of the reactions.

She was very grateful to Joshua for allowing her to do that too. He mainly seemed amused by it all, but he had had to scold her a few times when they were setting up the rules for the whole game. Now though, he seemed to mostly leave her to her fun.

Joshua was the best, after all.

"Hey there," one of the younglings said kindly to her. That was new. Even those that didn't react mostly just ignored her. This one reminded her of Joshua, or Jeanne, or Asia, or Kunou…. She looked… happy to see her, kind and relaxed. She even extended a hand to touch one of her legs carefully.

Morag decided that she liked that youngling.

So, she stuck around a little. After all, Morag knew that the particular group of younglings her new favorite was part of were ones that Joshua liked too. Everyone was happy, then, she concluded. She crawled to position herself behind her favorite youngling and peeked over her shoulder like she'd done a bunch of times with Joshua.

She didn't understand the funny circles and messy drawings all that much, but Morag didn't really need to. It was just fun to watch them work at it. At one point, she might have wanted to emulate their work with her webs and she thought she could if she really tried… but she had her own magic, she decided. Her webs and her poison were enough.

Maybe she'd change her mind in the future though.

As it was, Morag was happy to train with what she had and make pretty webs whenever she had free time. Speaking of though, maybe she could make a pretty web for her favorite youngling? Now, that was an idea, she decided. So, as Joshua continued teaching, Morag got to work.

Maybe she could make a game out of it too. Could she make a pretty web without letting the younglings know that she was doing it? That'd limit the number of legs she could use for it and the range of her movement… but that just made it more fun.

Yes, Morag liked that idea.

So, that's what she did, basking in the amusement Joshua sent her way when she got started. He approved, it seemed. Good. Slowly, she started weaving, carefully. She was taking her time in a way she never had, she realized. She had always been good at weaving, after all, so, more often than not, she could do whatever she wanted without too much issue…

Until that moment, when she limited herself. The struggle was kind of interesting. Frustrating, but very rewarding when she got it right. She wondered, then, if that was how things were for the younglings. If that was the case, then she kind of understood.

The seconds turned to minutes and Morag watched Joshua teach, the younglings learn. She weaved her pretty web and even managed to have some playful interactions with her favorite youngling when she didn't have to pay close attention. All in all, it was probably the best teaching session she'd accompanied Joshua to and she was glad she'd come this time. It was usually Cheshire or Margalo and they tended to have a better time, since they didn't have to hold themselves back like Nagini or Morag herself did. Well, Nagini tended to have fun too, if only because she enjoyed the effect her unpowered stare had on the younglings. Her serpentine sister could be mean like that, after all.

Now though, maybe she could join them on that.

"Well, that's all. See you next time, everyone," Joshua told the younglings and Morag poked her favorite with one of her legs.

"You need something?" the girl asked kindly and Morag shifted to get a hold of the pretty web carefully and moved it to present it to the youngling. Her eyes widened and she extended a hand towards it, not quite touching it. "That's for me?" she asked in a breath, and Morag extended it closer to her in confirmation.

"I can get that on a frame for you, if you want," Joshua offered the student, while some others stayed behind to watch instead of leaving. As well they should. They should be envious of this girl for having one of her pretty webs. "Morag likes you, it seems."

"Thank you, Morag," the youngling said kindly. She had a nice voice. Not as nice as Margalo's, but still nice. "I'm Karin and I like you too."

Karin, Morag though.

A good enough name for her favorite youngling.

[}-o-{]​

[Nagini]

The fallen were fun.

Especially Eager, she was the best. Scared and Dull weren't bad but… Well, fear got old at some point and Dull was just… dull. So, Eager was easily Nagini's favorite, if she were honest.

Which she was, because what did she care about lying, really?

Joshua's was the only opinion that mattered and he didn't care how she felt about the fallen so long as she didn't help them betray him – as if she'd ever – or killed them… yet. Because there were some very serious plans regarding getting rid of them that Nagini could very well get behind. There were some other, more boring plans, but she didn't care for those.

Back to the matter at hand, the fallen were fun.

Especially during training when Joshua allowed them – read, Nagini – to have more access to their abilities while keeping them firmly under the training area's effects. Because yeah, even Nagini in all her powerful glory would struggle, but she was doing so by herself, perfectly able to smack the fallen with her tail, squeeze them with her body, subdue them with her glare. There was no struggle on that front, her abilities were almost in full force and it was certainly a feeling she could get used to.

Like at that very moment, when she took the opportunity to use training as a way to let loose after spending hours guarding the Shining Flame. Nothing like beating the fallen into the ground to feel a little less cramped. Not that Nagini didn't like spending time with the Shining Flame though, because she did. The Shining Flame's room made for a spectacular nap spot, considering how warm she was. The shiny part of it made Nagini a little uncomfortable but that only lasted until she hissed something at the Flame.

Since then, everything had been good.

A light spear hitting the side of her head told Nagini that maybe she was letting her thoughts wander a little too much. In her defense, she was a snake. She wasn't made to think so much. She blamed Joshua's influence for that, honestly. That man thought entirely too much.

Alas, she couldn't let the fallen get too cocky in their practice fight. No way she'd let that happen. So, she returned Eager's hit with one of her own, using her tail like a whip. Nagini followed that with a fast slither that always seemed to take people off guard. She might be big and heavy but that didn't mean she was slow… Even though she couldn't be fast for very long. The quick attack allowed her to coil around Dull.

Then there was only one fallen left, which meant that Scared was pinned to where she was by Nagini's glare.

Oh did she like to see her targets unable to fight once her glorious eyes. They were her best feature, obviously, and she loved them. Joshua and the Crystal Presence clearly knew what they were doing when they helped her develop. Or maybe it was all on her awesome self? It could be, but she'd give them credit anyway.

She was generous like that.

Eager wasn't done yet though, obviously. That was why Nagini liked her. She had fight in her. Scared and Dull went down with a good hit or a particularly harsh glare. Eager though? She was only out when she could barely stand… if she couldn't stand at all.

Eager was great like that.

So, Nagini kept the fight going, just because of Eager. That meant that she had to somehow bring the other two back into things though, because if she fought just Eager then things wouldn't be any fun. That's why she took Dull, who was wrapped in Nagini's body, and threw her straight at Scared to snap her out of it. Then she engaged Eager in the meantime.

It was a good deal of time later when their practice fight was interrupted by Joshua after his own training fight with Jeanne was over. Nagini still had plenty of fight in her, but she nodded anyway. Plenty of fight notwithstanding, she did feel like taking another nap. Maybe she could go keep Margalo company with the Shining Flame.

"Can I have a one on one with her next time?" she heard Eager ask, pushing herself to a shaky standing position and continuing to prove that she was the best of the three fallen. Not that it was a difficult thing or that it meant much, but still.

Nagini perked up at that, something that Joshua definitely noticed.

"Sure thing. I guess I can spar with Mittelt and Kalawarna in the meantime and Cheshire and Morag can keep Jeanne entertained," Joshua mused, running his fingers through his hair.

She'd get a one on one with Eager while Joshua smacked the boring ones around and her sisters kicked Jeanne's ass? The next training session couldn't come fast enough, Nagini decided. Thus, she hissed at Joshua.

"No, we won't be doing that right now, girl," he replied with an amused smile as he scratched the underside of her jaw like he only knew how. Jeanne and Asia tried, but they never got it right. Little Kunou came pretty close though, Nagini would admit. "So, how about we go hunting instead? You seem to have some energy left over and I asked Agnes for a small favor. There's a nice forest full of things you can hunt if you feel like it and they shouldn't be too easy."

Oh, Joshua was just the best.

[}-o-{]​

[Margalo]

She sang and the Flame danced.

They made a good duo, Margalo decided. Sure, Flame wasn't very talkative… or at all, but they understood each other. She provided the music and Flame the movement. What they achieved together was beautiful and she was enjoying herself, if she were honest.

Maybe she could ask Joshua to let her spend more time with Flame.

Now they only needed to wait for him to drop by so she could do that… and so he could deliver some snacks like he promised. It should happen any minute, she was sure. For the moment, Margalo kept enjoying her new friend. Things were going great, actually.

That's when she saw the Flame shift differently. It wasn't dancing anymore, even though Margalo was singing. So, she stopped and watched as the fire moved away from where Joshua had set it. She was almost about to call for Joshua when she noticed something else…

The Flame was reaching towards her…

And as the first wave of heat hit her ever so slightly, Margalo paused.

Suddenly, there was another bond next to Joshua's. There was something else in her mind that wasn't Joshua or her sisters. It whispered to her, but it was difficult to understand. It seemed to her more like a baby's babble than speech. She almost didn't get what it was saying, but in the end…

She got it.

The Flame was offering her power. It was offering her its fires, the same fires she'd seen Joshua fight. It was offering her the fires that could burn everything. It was offering her the same impressive strength that she'd seen the bad woman have as she fought Joshua.

And Margalo was tempted, so very tempted…

For the longest time, she'd wanted to be like her sisters. She wanted to be fast, like Cheshire. She wanted to be skilled, like Morag. She wanted to be strong, like Nagini. Instead, all Margalo had been was… weak. All she could do was fly around singing for other, better fighters to take care of the battles.

So, yes, she was tempted…

However, Margalo wasn't like that anymore. So what if she was weak? She could sing and her singing helped. Maybe she couldn't take out enemies like her sisters, but she could help them take out more difficult enemies more easily. She couldn't fight for herself, but she could still be useful. Her sisters were powerful, much more powerful than her, but she could make them even stronger.

And that was who Margalo was. She wasn't her sisters. She didn't need more speed, or skill, or strength, or power. No, she just needed to keep doing what she was doing. She needed to keep getting better with her songs.

Because that was who Margalo was.

So, she didn't need the power. She didn't need the Flame. Joshua was looking for someone to take it, someone that could use it and someone that could use it well. Margalo wasn't that someone. She'd much rather sing, so the fire wouldn't be used all that much.

She'd much rather Joshua found someone else to take the Flame. After all, if she were it, then Margalo would have rather sang all the time like she did instead of only singing sometimes when someone felt like it. That was basically how it would go for the Flame if she took it, so she didn't.

Having gotten an answer, the Flame pulled back to where it had been before. It was disappointed, but not angry, which Margalo thought was a relief. She didn't want to insult her new friend, just… help. She supposed being trapped in that room all the time must be dull. Maybe she could get Josh to take Flame out?

Ultimately, it was better for it to wait for the right person than to settle for Margalo, she decided.

So, to cheer things up a little, she started singing again. The Flame didn't take long to start dancing, even if it did so slowly. It wasn't quite as alive as it had been before, but maybe it was just feeling a little bad. Maybe one of Joshua's snacks would make her happy? They always made Margalo happy, at least. Did fire even eat things? Maybe some nice piece of wood would be better? Coal? Fuel?

Margalo was pretty sure those tasted horrible, but then again, Joshua also ate some terrible tasting stuff that they loved so… Maybe it'd work, she supposed. She wasn't one to judge. Nagini would have thought her silly for rejecting more power, after all, but that's what she wanted. This was more or less the same.

"Are you two behaving yourselves?" Joshua asked, sending warm feelings through the bond at Margalo but mainly gratitude. As if it were some kind of favor to spend time with her new friend, honestly. She wasted no time letting him know that, making him chuckle. "I see you are getting along," he commented as she flew and perched herself on his shoulder. It was, after all, the best place to be. "Here. Your favorite," he said, bringing the bowl with food up for her to eat.

It was, indeed, her favorite.

Because Joshua was just the best like that.

"So, anything I need to know? You were a bit all over the place there for a bit," he asked curiously, looking around and trying to see if there were any problems. As best she could, Margalo let him know what had happened. The bond was a little strange to communicate through at times, but she usually managed well enough. "I see…" he mused, idly scratching her feathers with his finger, something that she very much enjoyed. "Yes, Margalo, I can take your… friend out for a walk and things like that, don't worry," he reassured with a chuckle when she sent him a questioning thought.

Then he remained silent, staring at her for a long moment. It made her stare back at him after a moment. He wasn't thinking about the Flame, from what she could gather. He was thinking about her, her resolution not to take the power. Because she was who she was, what she wanted.

She wanted to sing.

She wanted to help.

"You are incredible, Margalo," Joshua told her, a smile on his face and warm feelings on their bond. "Never forget that."

And she knew that very well, confirming it with a cry. However, that cry lengthened as she felt it once more, the rush of energy, Joshua and the Crystal Presence. She reveled in them once more, basking in the feeling of her getting better.

She just wished she could continue to sing and help afterwards.

Because that's how things were.

Margalo was the Song.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Why did I feel the need to write an entire chapter focusing on the familiars? Well, for one, I don't think they've gotten much time to shine for a while, definitely not all of them. For another… I don't know, I just realized that my chapters are usually divided into four parts that are 1k words each and I thought "Hey, there's four familiars too, what about doing this?"

So, I did.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Which one is your favorite familiar and your favorite part of this chapter? I guess someone could have different answers for each side of the question. Personally, I have a weak spot for Cheshire because she was the first. I liked Nagini's part of the chapter better, I think. It flowed more easily than the rest, for one.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 184 others
Adrian King
Jul 28, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 128 - In the Name of Love
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#482
In the Name of Love

"You look beautiful, Margalo," he said, looking at his familiar's new form. It had been a surprising event, to walk into Incinerate Anthem's room and almost immediately get to see an evolution again. It'd been a while, but it had also not been that long. That was the feeling he got from it, at least.

Margalo was bigger now, for one, but not by much. She still could ride on his shoulder and it warmed Joshua's heart that she might have influenced her own progress just for that. Her feathers had changed a lot from her evolutions since she was just a swift. Her dark feathers had changed and now she showed off beautiful golden feathers that had an almost hypnotizing effect with the light that the Longinus in the room gave off.

"Absolutely beautiful," he breathed out, looking at his familiar, perched on his forearm. He didn't need their strengthened bond to know that she was very happy to hear that and proud too. Just the way she shifted a little, puffing her chest while also shyly looking to the side, gave her away.

[Margalo

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Melody Bird

Gender: Female

Strength: B-

Speed: B+

Dexterity: B

Vitality: B-

Perception: B

Magic: B+

Life: B]

'Melody Bird indeed,' he thought, smiling as Margalo trilled a few notes. She had always been like that, never tweeting for tweeting's sake. There had to be a tune, a song, whenever she voiced anything. She liked that, just as much as he liked to spellcraft. Just like he always had project ideas, she always had song ideas.

It was how his familiar was.

It was who his familiar was.

It was nice to see that she had finally accepted herself. He could remember, after all, the times when she'd been frustrated with how weak she was. The times when she'd try and try to improve, to be able to fight beside her sisters, his other familiars. Joshua had always known she was wrong, that she could do it without having to attack or defend. Her songs allowed for that even then, when she didn't realize how useful they were.

So, it was nice to see that she'd finally realized that she didn't need to be different. She only needed to accept that she had her own kind of strength. Just like how Joshua himself might not be the strongest in a lot of things, he had his own power through his specialties and so did his familiar. All of his familiars, really.

"I'm happy for you, girl," he whispered, rubbing his free hand's fingers on her soft, warm feathers. Margalo chirped something that sounded entirely too melodious for such a short, sharp sound as she turned to press her head against his palm. Joshua guessed he needed to get used to that. "This deserves a celebration. I'll prepare food for everyone and you can show off as much as you want. What do you think?" he asked, getting an instantaneous and excited agreement from the bird.

Not that he expected differently, really.

Evolved, Margalo might have, but she was just as childish as she had been before and as his other familiars were. Cheshire might try to act mature and Nagini might be a little standoffish, but they were children at heart and he knew it. Even if they tended to try and argue that observation, like Margalo then and there.

"Ok, let's go, yeah," Joshua said, glancing towards Incinerate Anthem. He had plenty of protections and the fire seemed to be very calm so far. His familiars didn't even need to do much of anything to keep things going smoothly. So, maybe…

Margalo trilled something.

"Ah… I guess we can do that," he mumbled, letting out a breath through his nose. Smiling, he settled Margalo on his shoulder and walked up to the Longinus in the room. There, he extended his hand and let the flames latch onto him, wrapping around him like the most dangerous and weirdly wrapped scarf. Incinerate Anthem proceeded to float around his chest this or that way as if trying to hug him while keeping movement. "Almost wish you'd accepted, Margalo. It'd have made things easier for me."

That got him a sharp turn of the bird's head and an intent stare.

"Almost, but not quite," he reassured quickly, before his familiar could change her mind and accept the Longinus. He would never force her or any of the others to do something like that. "You didn't think it was for you and that's fine. I'll just have to continue looking," he added, waving his hand dismissively. Sure, it would have helped, but it didn't matter ultimately.

Idly, he called for his familiars through their bond so that they'd all meet at the living room. He'd have to prepare stuff for everyone to eat and such so there'd be some time to kill for them. Unsurprisingly, however, they didn't seem to care overly much. Instead, they moved towards the kitchen so that they could take a good look at their sister's new form.

While that was happening, Joshua also sent a message to Jeanne, Asia, Yasaka and Serafall so that they'd know the news. The latter two were busy with work, however, while the former was out with her kendo friends. Asia, for her part, he could feel through his spells moving back towards the house from her garden. 'And Jeanne came up with an excuse, that idiot,' he thought even though he felt proud of his sister too.

"Can you sing a nice song for Jeanne when she gets here, Margalo? She's doing something nice," he commented, getting a happy trill as if there could be any other answer. She was a sweetheart like that, after all. And besides, she was riding the high of her evolution still.

'Thank God it was just her though. I didn't feel like testing the spell preparation for a mass evolution again,' he mused idly as he reached the kitchen and started cooking. Getting off his shoulder, Margalo hopped on a seat's back and started talking with Cheshire while the feline jumped on the table.

[}-o-{]​

[Sona Sitri]

"Thank you… for this," she said in between breaths, wanting nothing more than to drop where she was, curl up and lie there for a long time. Alas, she had an image to preserve, especially in front of her peerage. There was also something to be said about doing so in front of the man she was talking to, she supposed.

Sona would often forget that Joshua Davis was important.

Maybe not as important as her sister, but the fact that she had to add a "maybe" in front of that statement when Serafall was a Satan spoke for itself. It was, after all, so very easy to overlook the fact that the man had risen in the supernatural world ladder entirely too quickly. Especially considering his casual disregard for his own importance in favor of being treated as a normal magician…

As if he were anything close to a normal anything.

It made interactions with him awkward at best. After all, Sona knew very well that you just couldn't disrespect someone that important, no matter who you were. Even her own sister would be wary of doing something like that… if her situation wasn't so particular with Joshua, that is. On the other hand, not disrespecting the man included acquitting for his desire to be treated casually, which was… problematic.

"Don't mention it," the man told her, waving his hand carelessly as he continued looking at the notebook on his lap, sitting on the floor with his back resting on his snake familiar. As if he weren't doing her a massive favor by allowing her and her peerage to train under his wards and offering them different sparring partners to boot. The worst part was that…

"I kind of have to," she commented, trying to gather herself through her exhaustion. "Especially since I have nothing to repay you with for this."

"As I said, don't mention it. Doesn't cost me much and it gives me different people to train against… and for them to train against," the man pointed out, as if they were both gaining just as much and things weren't horribly skewed in her favor. "Sona, really. It's fine."

Only, it wasn't and she knew-

"Sona," he repeated, this time, turning his piercing blue eyes towards her and freezing her in place as if he had used her sister's power. "You are in my house and saying you are in my debt. If I say it's fine and you shouldn't mention it…?" he trailed off questioningly.

What a horribly infuriating man.

No wonder her sister was so taken with him.

"It's fine and I shouldn't mention it," she muttered barely above a whisper. Immediately, whatever steel had appeared in Joshua's eyes vanished, leaving the usual warmth they always seemed to hold.

"Good girl," he told her, turning his attention back to his notebook. Good thing too, because Sona did not need him to see the reddening of her cheeks. 'And I do not need to deal with this right now… or ever,' she thought, aggressively trying to calm her mind.

She turned sharply to glare at her giggling peerage members behind her.

"If you can laugh, you can continue training though," Joshua pointed out, effectively silencing the lot of them. Gulping, Sona turned to the side to see his pet Fallen Angel grinning at them and cracking her knuckles. The other two seemed a lot more disinterested but Raynare? She looked like she would fight forever if she could.

"I assure you, Joshua, we've trained plenty already," Sona said, gulping again and trying to come up with the best way to stop things from going where she thought they would. "I appreciate all the help, but I think we've taken enough of your time and-"

"Nonsense," he interrupted her, a smile tugging at his lips as he wrote down something in his notebook. "Raynare," he called and Sona saw the fallen looking like she was holding back a mad cackle. "They have plenty of energy left in them. And this time, don't stop until I say you stop… that goes for both sides."

"Joshua, I assure you-" Sona started, but she was interrupted by a Light Spear sent her way by the fallen. "Can't you see that-?!" she went to ask, scandalized only to continue being attacked. She didn't know what Joshua had done to those… people, but they were menaces.

Fortunately, the renewed spar was cut very short when Joshua's bird familiar flew right in the middle of the battle, spread her wings and cried.

Immediately, the fallen stopped, even when they hadn't stopped for all her orders or words. Sona was a little annoyed at that, but she supposed the familiar of the man that commanded them was as good as his own word. She also imagined none of them wanted to see what'd happen if they fought with the bird in the middle of things.

"Hm, true enough, I guess," Sona heard Joshua said. Turning her head, she was too tired to say much of anything after the second part of their sparring. "Say, Sona, you say you are in my debt, that you have to repay me," she heard the man say and the soft sound of Joshua's sneakers. She didn't like the sound of his voice then and there. It reminded her entirely too much of her sister when she was about to say or do something annoying. "And Margalo just came up with the perfect way to fix that."

"Dare I… ask?" she breathed out, looking at the man wearily.

He grinned in a very infuriating way.

"You'll do a part in Serafall's show."

Of course her sister was dating this man.

Apparently, they were made for each other.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"And if you change this part here with this equation," he commented, idly writing down an example of what he was talking about as he leaned to the side. "Then the illusion should transition from one motion to the other a lot more smoothly, especially-"

"Joshua, Kunou," Yasaka said in her best mom voice that made Kunou straighten where she sat and him send an amused look at the woman. "No more spellcrafting at the table."

"But mom!" their daughter whined, to which Joshua placated her with a pat on her head.

"It's fine. We'll continue later. The circle looks amazing, Kunou, good job," he told her with a smile that only widened when his daughter beamed at him. "Now, put the notebook away so we can eat in peace and your mother won't have to scold the both of us, yeah?"

"Ok, dad," the girl mumbled, closing the aforementioned item and pushing it to the side. When both Yasaka and Joshua raised an eyebrow at her though, Kunou pouted, standing up and taking her book all the way to her bag. "I still think it's dumb-"

"No arguing," Yasaka cut her off, making her pout harder. "Now eat your food, your father worked hard and it's delicious." For as much as she pointed out that Kunou loved to call him her father and that he might or might not feel the same with how much he said it, Yasaka did much the same very often, he knew. It was all around something that they liked to say, he supposed.

He wasn't sure why that was, but he knew that, for him, it was a way to make sure that everyone was on the same page. Seeing both of them smile when he called himself Kunou's father reassured him that, yes, they both thought the title fit and was ok. Maybe it was paranoid – or something like that – of him to think like that, but he liked making sure that he wasn't being presumptuous, even after so long and having had several talks on the matter.

It was a reassurance for him and, maybe, for them too.

"But I wanted to know-" the girl started.

"I heard something very interesting from your mother when you arrived, you know?" Joshua was the one that interrupted this time. "Something about homework that was done… not well."

"... It was… really difficult homework?" his daughter replied hesitantly, more of a question than a statement.

"Hm, I guess we'll have to assign more time for your tutors then," he commented idly. "Which means less time-"

"I can do it though!" Kunou exclaimed, realizing where things were going before he said them. "I don't need more classes, I can do it. I just… might have… gotten a little distracted, I guess," she started explained herself before slowly trailing off. "And now I'm gonna get scolded."

"Mhm."

"I'll hear differently next time, won't I?" Yasaka asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Yes, mom."

"I know it's boring, but even the boring classes are important, Kunou," Joshua commented, turning his attention to his meal for a moment. "I remember hating them and they are not very useful now, most of them, but you never know when you'll need them. Some of those boring classes are very useful now."

"Are they?"

"Do you think I liked math?" he asked, turning towards her and raising an eyebrow. "Because I can tell you I didn't, but I'm very thankful that I didn't have to start from scratch when I started spellcrafting," he explained, getting a very dejected sigh from Kunou as she stabbed her food as if it were its fault that she had to take classes she didn't like.

He rolled his eyes as he turned towards Yasaka, who was smiling as she looked at the both of them. It was always a little overwhelming to see that. At first, it had been because he thought he was stepping over some limit. By then, it was because he realized that he was doing something important, for her, for Kunou, for himself, and it was overwhelming because there was nothing else he wanted to do a good job at than that.

He turned towards his meal with a smile on his face.

Maybe, just maybe, Yasaka's expression meant that he did a good job.

"What if the teacher sucks too?" Kunou asked, making him pause and blink.

"And does he suck or do you think he does because of the subject?" Yasaka shot back with that patient tone that only mothers seemed to be able to use. "Because we won't be changing tutors all the time-"

"He said-" Kunou started sharply, making Joshua blink again, this time accompanied by Yasaka. "He said… that I spent too much time acting out, wasting time with illusions and giving mom trouble," she mumbled, stubbornly staring at the plate in front of her.

"Well, he does sound like he sucks," Joshua said, drawing a shy smile from Kunou. "You sure you aren't exaggerating or anything?"

"That's what he said. He didn't think I was hearing," Kunou mumbled. "He said… That this was da… My father's fault," she finished and Joshua had to strain himself to hear her.

"I see," Yasaka replied, her tone cold and scary.

Good.

"You'll get a new tutor, Kunou," Joshua continued from there, because he'd argue with Yasaka if he had to. He didn't. He knew he didn't have to, but he would have if that were the case.

"I… It's fine if you don't want to. I know he's good, I just-"

"No, we want to and we will," Yasaka reassured soft and firm at the same time.

"He wasn't talking about Joshua," Kunou mumbled then, pushing her food around her plate.

"It doesn't matter," Joshua told her, moving his hand to push some stray locks of her blond hair out of her face. "What matters is that he upset you and we won't allow that."

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

"That teacher is from the East," she said, which explained everything to her but nothing to Joshua, she knew. Kunou had gone to sleep and Joshua's familiars were all keeping her company except for Nagini. Even Jeanne had gone to read her some stories and use illusion-making swords on them like Joshua would.

It had been a good hour since Kunou told them about her teacher and Yasaka was still angry though. Her mind raced, pointing out where she'd made mistakes, overlooked things. She could only think about how she'd failed Kunou again, just when she thought she was doing be-

"The other branch," Joshua replied with a nod, impassive. There was no glare or frown on his face. There was no growl or snarl in his voice. There was nothing even in his eyes. Instead, all Yasaka saw was his mind working.

"Nurarihyon's Faction, yes," she confirmed, pursing her lips. "They've always disliked the fact that I'm the leader of my faction. Especially after…"

"After Kunou's-"

"After my last partner," she interrupted, because the last thing Yasaka wanted to hear was Joshua referring to someone else as Kunou's father. It had been bad enough that she'd had to hear the girl – her daughter – suffer through saying that herself. She wanted to burn that teacher. "Yes," she said, stiffly.

"I hated hearing her say that," Joshua said, some of his emotions finally bleeding into his expression now that his mind was working less. She could only wonder what he'd thought of before and she could only hope that it wasn't any of the things she feared. "She was in pain and I hated that."

"I know," Yasaka replied, gulping. Because she did know. She felt the same.

"Why are we hiding this, Yasaka? I need to remember," Joshua asked her and that was not where she thought he'd go.

"There are many reasons," she reminded him, recovering quickly. "We've discussed it a lot. For me, because it could make things more difficult-"

"I can help smooth things over. We both know I can, if you let me," he pointed out, staring straight into her amber eyes with his blue ones. "What else?"

"It'd shift the political picture, especially if your relationship with Serafall-"

"The political picture is already shifting. The Egyptians are rising through me, the Devils are a mess as it is and there's a lot more going on that you probably know better than I do, or probably know when I don't," he said, undeterred.

"The East Faction-"

"I'll deal with them myself if I have to. I can and I will," he told her. "I'm the Egyptian's Pharaoh. I'm very good at what I do and I'll have Incinerate Anthem if I need it. I'll raze that faction to the ground if they give too much trouble. So… why, Yasaka? We had reasons, but I can't think of one that would take priority over never having to make Kunou say someone else is her father."

She remained silent after that, a knot in her throat. Yasaka knew why she didn't want to do it. It was because of all of those things, but also not. It was because of what they would bring. It was because of what they could cause together with the matter itself.

"Is this because you think I'll run away too?" he asked, his anger bleeding out, leaving only a soft, comforting voice behind. She had to wonder when he'd gotten that good at reading people, or maybe just at reading her. He could be very bad at that kind of thing, she knew, but she also knew that, at times, he could also be very good. She wondered if it was a good thing that the latter seemed to be the case then and there. "Is it?" he asked, reaching forward to grab her hand.

"I'm sorry, Joshua. I know you are not him, but-"

"You don't have to apologize," he interrupted, giving her fingers a subtle squeeze. "I understand. It's something that happened and you have all the right to be afraid, as far as I'm concerned. Especially because it's not only you that would be hurt," he reassured with a sad smile.

"It's not fair to you," she said, unable to look him in the eyes. "You are nothing like him."

"I'll take that compliment then," Joshua told her. "Would an Oath help, because I'll give you one if you want to."

"I appreciate it, but you've already given me one, if you remember."

"... Is it bad that I did forget?" he asked and she let out something halfway between a sob and a laugh. Of course he'd forgotten his Oath. It changed nothing for him. He would never hurt Kunou, so the Oath was basically irrelevant.

Sometimes Yasaka wondered how he could make her feel so much with so little effort.

"Can we do something, Yasaka? You are the smart one here," he told her and she wanted to correct that. She wasn't the smart one. She was just the knowledgeable one, in this particular topic. However, before she could even start opening her mouth he continued. "Can we?" he repeated, catching her eyes when she looked up at him once more.

"We can," she said, swallowing her fears. This wasn't about her fears. This was about Kunou. Joshua wouldn't hurt Kunou, she could trust that. And that meant that she was… That meant that she could, maybe, trust him not to hurt her. 'It's too late for me anyway,' a corner of her mind whispered unhelpfully.

"Great, so what can I do to help?" he asked her, not eager but certainly determined. "And please tell me that it involves smacking that teacher… and maybe his Faction."

Yasaka couldn't help the laugh that escaped her at that moment.

"I love you," she told him, for the first time. Neither had seemed concerned to voice the words before. Yasaka might have wanted to rush other things, but there was something different about saying that.

She couldn't remember the reasons for that at that very moment, so she just said it.

"... I love you too," he replied, seemingly both surprised and not at the fact that he meant that. It was like he hadn't thought about it, just like how he hadn't thought about his Oath for so long he'd forgotten.

It was a given.

Gods, Yasaka loved Joshua Davis.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Believe it or not, I'm quite happy with this chapter all around. Even the romance there at the end doesn't really concern me. I think I did, at worst, a decent job. I'll take that, thank you very much.

The only part that I feel a little off is the transition between the three parts. It feels a little awkward. However, I guess that's just how it is. Sometimes, what you do at one point in a day is nothing like what you do at another. Not that these necessarily happen on the same day, but you know what I mean.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Have you checked out Kingdom Fables? Do you like any of the story ideas there?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 193 others
Adrian King
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 129 - Everybody’s Gonna Know My Name
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#483
Everybody's Gonna Know My Name

[Serafall Leviathan]

She hummed the theme of her show to herself as she waited.

She was the first to arrive at the next meeting, as she usually was. Joshua would arrive soon, if he wasn't distracted with something, which was likely. Then Sirzechs would make an appearance and the Phenex would be the last to arrive, as they always were. It was how the meetings were set up, really.

That way, Serafall and Joshua would get some nice time to just chat for a bit before things got started. Then they'd go over things quickly with Sirzechs. To end things off, they'd actually hold the meeting and get what they wanted to do out of the way.

She predicted that they'd have to make a bunch more, but that was fine. Things were going smoothly, even if they were also going slowly. It was part of how they wanted to do things. That way, they could make sure that the Phenex had some… acclimatization time, as it were.

If they didn't do things that way, there was a risk of the devil family getting… agitated, some would say. It would be more of a shock if things progressed too fast, because it'd be even more of a testament of how Joshua had them under his thumb. There'd been several of those, but they were allowed to participate, even if their voice mattered little. Fortunately for them, Joshua didn't care about pressing them for all they were worth and was happy to have things go without problems by making some concessions here and there.

Serafall was happy to have a reason to put aside other work and also spend time with Joshua too, so she'd encouraged that. It wasn't like what she was putting off was important anyway. She mainly used it as an excuse to be able to end other meetings that would go on for entirely too long.

Some people just loved the sound of their own voice.

She was stopped – and saved, really – from continuing to think about that when Joshua appeared in a corner of the room, teleporting just like she had. She turned towards him with a wide grin, a gesture that dimmed when she saw the expression on his face. 'Well, seems like something happened,' she realized instantly. 'Khaos Brigade, I bet,' she added, taking in his sight while he turned towards her. After all, the terrorist group seemed to be about the only thing that could put Joshua in a mood like the one he seemed to be in.

"Hey there, handsome~" she greeted, making his lip twitch into a smile that didn't quite come to be. Well, it seemed like things weren't too bad, at least. "Something the matter?" she asked, skipping until she was in front of him and then pecking his lips, one of her hands coming to rest against his chest. Again, Serafall was left glad that their relationship existed at all, nevermind how well it was going. She'd expected a little more… awkwardness, going in.

Thankfully, Joshua seemed to underestimate himself on that too.

"Something came up, you could say," he commented, a smile more firmly setting on his face, even if there was still some steel in his blue eyes. Not that Serafall disliked that. She'd even say it was hot. "Not too bad though, I just have to deal with… annoyances."

"Rowdy students?" she asked with a giggle.

"I wish. No," he answered, his good mood seemingly evaporating as something that almost could be called a snarl replaced it. "One of Kunou's teachers was an idiot," he said and Serafall already knew that whoever it was, he or she was screwed. No way Yasaka would let something like that pass and even if she did, Joshua wouldn't. "Yasaka and I talked and… I think I should make a speedrun to get my name some more weight."

Oh, well, that cleared the picture a whole lot.

Serafall beamed.

"You are on board with the new plan, I take it?" he asked, seemingly a little relieved. Silly Joshua. As if Serafall would be against having to stop hiding their relationship. If she wasn't wrong, then he wanted to make his relationship with Yasaka public to be able to help with some things. That was what she picked up from what he said, at least. And there was no way Joshua would leave her out of that, she knew. Not that there was any problem with hiding their relationship, but it'd be nice to be more free to talk about it, to show how they cared for one another without worries and to just let the world know.

That sounded wonderful to her.

Besides, there was no way she was backing down from their relationship and the little competition that she had with Yasaka, which would be what telling him no would be. Because maybe if he were doing what he was for Yasaka, she might have been able to convince him not to do something, with the right arguments and such. But stopping him from doing something for Kunou?

Yeah, she wasn't getting in the way of that.

Some might think that insulting in some way, that she wasn't his priority, but she understood. Kunou was as good as his daughter and there was nothing that Joshua valued more than his family. Nobody with his blood was alive or safe in their world, so he was alone on that front, but he was building himself one. His familiars, Jeanne, Kunou.

Yasaka and Serafall herself might be two very important people to Joshua, but they weren't quite on that level.

Yet.

And that was fine. Serafall understood. She could very much understand loving one's family to such levels. If anything, that part of him was something that she loved about Joshua.

"I'm glad," he said, and it was his turn to peck her lips, his smile returning once more.

"I sure am, silly," she confirmed to him with a content hum. Only thing better than what they had then and there would be… Hm, maybe later. "What did you… Well, Yasaka, more like, come up with?" she asked and Joshua chuckled, acknowledging her point with a nod even though it wasn't meant literally.

"She said there's plenty of moves I can make to put more weight behind my name. I'll start looking into that," he commented, pulling away a little and walking towards the table they'd used for the meeting. Serafall happily wrapped her arms around his and walked beside him as he talked. "Actually, I've already started, kind of. The Egyptians are fully on board, it seems, which is… not that surprising."

That was, indeed, expected. They wanted Joshua to champion their Pantheon, after all. He'd do a much better job of it if he became more known, because the more people looked at, respected and "believed" in Joshua, the more they did the Pantheon, basically. She was actually surprised that the faction hadn't actually pushed for Joshua to show himself more to the world before.

"On that note, how much do you think we can speed up this?" he asked when they reached the table. He seemed to wait for a moment there before she let go of his arm, pushed him on a chair and sat on his lap with a wide grin.

"I mean, we can have this finished this session, if we need to."

"Yeah, I figured, but what's the ideal way to do this? I know we were going slow to make things more… stable, sort of, but can we speed it up a little without risking ruining things?" he asked, making her hum as she considered the question.

"Here's what I think."

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

She was a little worried, she'd admit.

Having one of her people come to her office with a message from Joshua simply saying "we need to talk" was more than a little nerve wracking. Agnes was actually wondering if he'd done that on purpose, because one couldn't just not know the effect that such vague words had on people. She'd already tripled checked, in the time before the man's class finished, to make sure that there hadn't been any incidents that could warrant problems coming her organization's or Agnes' way.

Still, Davis never really bothered speaking with her unless she called him herself. Even when they'd been working against Hexennacht, they had barely talked besides clearing up some details to make sure they didn't get in each other's way. The only time she could remember when he called for her was with the Ordinton issue, which had been handled well and hadn't been nearly as vague as he was being now.

So, as far as she knew, things were going well.

Which wasn't to say that it was a sure thing, but she had to trust something.

Ultimately, she could only wait while her mind conjured a myriad of worst case scenarios. That, and come up with ways to make up for whatever might or might not have annoyed Davis. An easier said than done feat, considering Agnes still hadn't quite found good enough ways to repay the debts she had already incurred with him. If nothing else, there might have to be some groveling involved.

It was degrading, to consider that, but Davis was worth it. The man was a boon that had helped her organization rise to the top with the likes of Golden Dawn. Even higher, some would say. On top of that, he had also officially taken out two Longinus, one of which he'd basically hunted down himself. She couldn't just not try to keep him on her side.

The door opened then, finally freeing her from her thoughts.

"Agnes," Davis greeted with a nod as he entered. He didn't seem angry, but appearances could be deceiving.

"Joshua," she replied, watching him move to take one of the seats across her desk without waiting for permission. Then again, he was always informal like that and Agnes hadn't ever felt like she could risk trying to force the issue, or like it was worth it. It felt meaningful at that moment though, as she felt the sword hanging over her head. "Is there something I can do for you?"

"Yes. Yes, there is," he replied, looking at her with his blue eyes. There was no soft carefree shine there now though. They were solid, resolute iceshards that almost had her gulping. "You owe me, a lot."

"I do," she acknowledged easily, because there was no denying that. It was pointless. Hell, it would be straight out stupid.

"I think I've found a way for you to pay some of that back, at least a little," he commented and she relaxed the smallest bit. It seemed that she'd worried for nothing if that was all. If he said only a little, then it couldn't be that difficult.

"I'm all ears," she replied, watching as he leaned back.

"I want you to mediate with the other factions. You haven't used all the pull me being here offers you, I hope," he told her, making her tilt her head.

"I haven't," she confirmed with a slow nod. It would have been stupid to do such a thing too. Sure, she'd used some of that influence and favor to make her organization raise, but using all of it would have been wasteful. One needed to keep strings well enough in hand, just in case.

"Great. There's a number of subjects and matters that I need information on," Davis told her, waving his hand and making a sheet of paper appear on her desk. Wasting no time, Agnes moved to take it carefully, as if she might tear it, and started reading. Nothing stood out to her though. There were a variety of topics there. Longinus, Sacred Gears in general, a bunch of factions and many other things, all of which were… not that special, Agnes supposed. "Feel free to use my name to pull on those, if you think it'll help, but I need that."

"I'll get it done," she replied quickly, but her mind was working overtime once more, this time with more information than a vague message. Something was going on here. Davis looked entirely too serious for such a vague, seemingly innocuous task. This was important for him, somehow, but she couldn't figure out what from the list. The things in it were all over the place, there was little or nothing at all that could connect them. Not even Khaos Brigade, which had been her first guess.

'Unless it's not about the list at all,' her mind told her, but what else could there be? Was this a move to remind her that she owed him? It was a little too over the top, but it could be. Except that didn't fit Joshua at all and she didn't think she was such a bad judge of character that he might have fooled her for that long.

The only thing left was the little addition he'd done to his request. He'd told her that she could use his name if she needed to, which was nice and could help, but wasn't really necessary, especially right off the bat. Agnes was sure that he couldn't be needing things badly enough to get a rush job, especially regarding so many things and so varied topics.

No, he'd given her an extensive list of things that he might need, just so that she'd have to look in plenty of places. Also so that she'd have to use his name at least a few times. 'He wants me to talk about him with others,' she realized, narrowing her eyes.

Davis had struck her as a private person. He didn't seem to want to be bothered by random people and rarely did he accept a job. He rarely did much of anything, really, except pulling a string here and there when he felt like it. He was a creature of whim and practically, which was a bit of a contradiction, but he was a weird person overall. He did what he wanted, but he didn't want for much.

And now he wanted people to know about him?

There was a reason for that, Agnes was sure.

Ultimately…

"I'll probably have to use your name a lot, with a list this long. It'll help smooth things over with people that might not be fans of my association," she "warned", trying to get a read on things, confirm her suspicious. Because if she was wrong, then she could very well ruin everything.

Joshua smiled.

"I'm aware of that," he told her, staring straight into her eyes. Agnes could almost read the message between the lines there. "I'm counting on that," was what he was really saying. "Well, glad you get it," he added, making things even more obvious as his grin widened. "I knew I liked you for a reason, Agnes."

"You give me too much credit, Joshua," she replied humbly. "Was there anything else you needed? If not, I'll start looking into this right away," she added, watching him tilt his head.

"Hm, maybe I have an incentive of sorts for you, doubling as a favor for myself," he commented, and now she was intrigued. A way to pay back her debt was nice, but something that she could benefit from? That was better. "So, remember when I brought up Levi?" he asked, and she blinked.

That was a bit of a change in topic, but she nodded nonetheless. Having Joshua Davis recommend someone to teach classes in her association was not something to overlook. The problem was that Levi was a terrible magician. Maybe he was a good scholar, like Davis said, but nobody would respect him if he couldn't walk the walk after talking the talk. So, Agnes was hesitant to let that happen for the moment, maybe after Davis had taught him better, she could consider it more thoroughly.

But as it was…

"I'll start teaching more classes," Davis said, making her eyes widen. "What do you want? Illusions? Neutral? Hexes? Communication?" he asked, and she was suddenly unable to breathe. He was already teaching two very important, very much scene changing classes. If he taught more for her association… "Just say the word. One, two, three. I can teach those. Consider that extra motivation. Levi will be my assistant and then I'll have him take over. Does that sound better?" he asked her and Agness had to pause and consider that.

"It… might," she admitted slowly, her mind racing. This could change everything. Because it'd mean that, even if he didn't stay to continue teaching the classes, they were Davis approved. If Levi was challenged on things, Davis was the one that was actually challenged and nobody would do that once that fact was made clear, just like nobody challenged him anymore.

"Let's talk about it, yeah?" Davis asked her, grinning a grin that reminded Agnes that he was dangerous. He might be laidback, casual and unassuming, but that didn't make Davis any less of a monster. It was easy to forget, but she had a very fresh reminder of what he could do when he set his mind on something.

She could only thank her lucky stars that she was on this sleeping beast's side.

[}-o-{]​

[Gabriel]

She felt the now familiar feeling of spells washing over her and then their presence around. They were… small, for her, at least. Their presence felt like a puppy trying to act as a guard dog. However, she knew those would grow with time as the spells gathered more and more energy to strengthen themselves.

Gabriel had visited some of the first bases Joshua had placed defenses on and even she would have hesitated in the face of those guardians.

"And that's the last of them," the man announced, standing straight and stretching his back with a groan. She did her best to ignore the way his undershirt rode up with the motion, noticing the slight pink dusting on Griselda's cheeks as she did so. "Now, with that done-"

"No, Joshua," Gabriel interrupted, a kind smile on her face, if slightly exasperated. She knew where he was going, as he always did, every visit. "We don't need anything else added to the spell scheme."

"It's fine, I'm sure I can think of something myself," he said with a cheeky smile that made her grow even more exasperated than she already felt. And yet…

Gabriel shook her head. She didn't need those kinds of thoughts in her mind. It'd have been a lot easier to do if not for the way her siblings continued pointing out that she was a little too eager during Joshua's visits and during Khaos meetings.

They were wrong anyway.

"We can't afford to owe you any more than we already do, Joshua," she told the man, not even having to lie despite the joking tone. They did, indeed, owe the man entirely too much. They could only be thankful for his generous nature, because anyone else would have bled them dry for the work he was doing for them. Especially since they couldn't tell him no. They needed the help.

"Well, it's a good thing that I have something I need some help with," he commented then, immediately catching her attention. Then he glanced around towards Griselda and the swordswomen with her. "No offense, but I'd like for as few people as possible to know about this," he added and judging by the way his sister and his familiars didn't react at all, this was something he'd planned on doing.

From what Gabriel could pick up, Griselda didn't seem offended by the request, but maybe a little disappointed. Although, if her suspicions about Joshua, Yasaka and Serafall were accurate, then the woman had her work cut out for her. Nevermind…

She sighed internally.

Focusing on what was important at the moment, she cast a barrier around them to keep their conversation private. Joshua seemed to pause for a moment, considering her spell for himself before nodding. Gabriel would admit to being a little pleased for the approval. That kind of magic was more his area than hers, admittedly.

"Remember what I told you about what I was trying to do with the Fallen?" he asked, making her eyes widen.

"You figured it out?" she asked with a breath. He'd asked them for information, for which they didn't have much, regarding their wings. She had given it to him, after much deliberation with her siblings. For one, because it was something that they dearly needed themselves, now that their Father wasn't around to help them if something happened. For another, they couldn't afford to fall behind with the Fallen, and Joshua would likely go ahead with what he wanted to do anyway.

His grudge against Kokabiel ran that deep, after all.

A good man, Joshua might be, but her Fallen brother had found a way to bring the worst out of him. Gabriel could only pray that it wouldn't get even worse. That, and that, maybe, just maybe, things would get better too.

"I haven't, but I'm making progress… slowly," he admitted with a frustrated sigh, as if he weren't trying to crack the formula for something that only her Father had been able to do. "And whatever progress I've made is only… tangential, at best. I've circumvented the limitations of the wing number a bit, but that's the most I've managed, like I told you. What I was thinking is if you'd like me to set up those spells somewhere for you and your siblings," he asked, looking at her curiously. "I'll admit, I don't know why you didn't ask for it yourself."

"I meant it when I said we can't owe you more than we do, Joshua," she told him, but they both knew that wasn't all. "Besides, Fallen aren't the same as Angels. They change, fundamentally, when they fall. They might share similarities with us, but as far as we are concerned, it's like saying that dogs are similar to cats."

"Yeah, I figured that out already," the man replied, seemingly not getting the point.

"If you are working a solution for the Fallen, you can't-"

"Oh, I get it," Joshua interrupted then and Gabriel sighed, her shoulders dropping. "I'll start working on one anyway. Honestly, what's one more project," he added then, making her eyes widen as she looked at his grinning face. "You do know that I always have a bunch of projects going at the same time, right? Adding another is no issue."

"We know how difficult this kind of project is, Joshua. We appreciate the offer, but I assure you that we can wait. We've lasted this long. Besides, that way we can make sure that we are in a position to actually repay you," Gabriel told him, frowning. She didn't like the reminders that her faction was, quite possibly, the weakest of the three at the moment. "We only ask that-"

"I don't share the Fallen solution with the rest of the faction until you have yours," Joshua finished for her. "Azazel was surprisingly accommodating regarding that," he added, looking curious. She was surprised to hear that, but also not. Azazel was, after all, a researcher at heart. He was probably just happy to see Joshua progress, even if the project wasn't actually used. "Yeah, I think I'll work on yours anyway. That can be my project to help more, since you refuse to ask for anything."

"Joshua," she sighed then, smiling exasperatedly at him. It was an expression that she was coming to realize she was going to use a lot with him.

"I'll let you know whenever I have something ready. I've been brainstorming in my free time and I have some notes here and there. Sorry, couldn't help myself," he told her then, not sounding sorry at all. "On that note… I do actually have something you can repay me with," he said then, reminding her of why they were talking in private.

"And what'd that be?" she asked, happy to finally have something to offer the man. She appreciated his generosity, as did many in Heaven and the Church, but it was never good to depend on someone too much. Sooner or later, one had to start pulling their own weight.

Yet another lesson they had learned too late.

"I'll be straight with you, Gabriel, because I think it's the best approach for this," he said, running his fingers through his hair. "I need more power," he told her, his previous casual attitude giving way to something far more rare, seriousness. "I need political power, to be more specific. I can't tell you why, at least not right now, but I do. I'm pulling at the strings I have most faith on at the moment, and I'd appreciate your help with this."

"I can help with that," she told him, curious about his reasons but willing to hear him out. After all, if nothing else, she knew Joshua Davis to not be the kind of man that seeked power for power's sake. No, there had to be a reason for this, even if he couldn't tell her at the moment.

"Thank you," he said, smiling in relief and making her smile in turn. "So, what I need, more specifically, is this…"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, Joshua is finally making actual moves in the political world instead of just sitting back and watching it slowly happen on its own. If nothing else, it'll be fun to watch this happen… or the effects of it, at least. After all, I'll probably continue to focus on Joshua's side of things, so he'll mostly still be sitting back, but now he's at least pulling the strings he's been collecting since forever ago.

That teacher really doesn't know the shitstorm he started.

As it is, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Hm, I'd like opinions on what's happening if you don't mind. Please?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 178 others
Adrian King
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 130 - A Taste of the Life
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#485
A Taste of the Life

Joshua watched with a smile as Kunou worked through some exercises. What else could he do, really, when she stuck out her tongue and bit it thoughtfully like that? She was incredibly adorable at all times, but she managed to out-adorable herself at times and it was entirely too unfair more often than not.

That was his completely unbiased opinion, obviously.

That was also the reason why he'd volunteered to help her with the subject that she'd suddenly found herself short a teacher for. He was no expert in the subject, but he didn't need to be to teach a child like her. She was more advanced than kids her age should be, but that was no surprise. Even then, she was still not quite at a level that would make it troublesome for him.

Well, unless it was about specific subjects like politics and history. He wasn't going to even try to get involved with that kind of stuff. Whenever Kunou had questions regarding those he'd direct her towards Yasaka. He would comment if he absolutely had to, but everyone and their mothers knew that he wasn't even at a level to teach her anything regarding those.

Hell, Kunou could probably teach him a thing or two regarding those subjects.

"What?" she asked, after glancing up and noticing that he wasn't actually working on his own stuff while she did her exercises. "Did I do anything wrong?"

"No, you are just distractingly adorable," Joshua commented with a wider smile.

"I'm not," Kunou argued, pouting in a way that really didn't help her case. He decided not to bait her into a childish back and forth, but that was only because she had things to do. Instead, he just continued smiling and said something else.

"Sure you aren't," Joshua couldn't stop himself from commenting. However, he did continue before she could get started for real. "Any trouble?" he asked with a tilt of his head.

"Um, no. I don't think so, at least," Kunou mumbled, looking down at her work. She wasn't done yet, but she'd made a decent amount of progress. "I have some doubts."

"And…?"

"I've written them down. I'll check the book when I'm done with this and, if I still have doubts, I'll ask you afterwards," she finished for him, citing what he'd told her regarding doubts. He beamed at her and she returned the expression earnestly, proud with the unspoken praise. Obviously, he wouldn't leave it at that.

"Exactly," he told her, nodding. "Now, back to it, little lady. If you finish with time to spare, you can spend that playing with Morag," he added, making her perk up.

"Great!" Kunou replied, beaming at him. "My other teachers usually give me more stuff to work on, unless it's right before class is over," she added with a cute little pout that spoke volumes of what she thought of that approach.

"That's because they are your teachers and they are contractually obligated to be boring," Joshua explained, nodding sagely even as his daughter burst into giggles. "It's just how things are."

"You are my teacher too," she pointed out.

"But I'm also your dad," he argued, smiling at the words and at the way Kunou smiled. "And that changes things."

"You are the best," Kunou mumbled with a shy little smile. 'Entirely too unfair indeed,' Joshua thought to himself. It was a good thing that she was a nice kid, or Kunou could have done much evil in the world and gotten away with it. The things he wouldn't do for her to keep being adorable weren't many.

"Don't let your mother hear you saying that," Joshua mock-whispered, making her giggle once more. "Now, come on. This is also your last class of the day. We can go somewhere afterwards, maybe ice cream?" he asked, thinking that over.

"Yes!"

"Or maybe something else…"

"Nooo," she whined.

"Depends on if your mother is free when we are done, I guess."

"Yes!"

"So, you do have to finish that first," he commented, looking at her and raising an eyebrow. She blinked then, looking down at the piece of paper she'd been doing her exercise on. With a squeak, she frowned and glared down at it, as if mentally cursing the fact that it wasn't done already.

Holding back a laugh, Joshua looked over his shoulder to share a look with Morag. His familiar pulled on his hair affectionately with one of her legs while sending content feelings through their bond. A second later, she crawled down his back and went back to continue working on the web she weaved on and off through the class in a corner of the room. 'Have fun,' he sent back to her, to which she replied with a happy stream of emotions.

'Well, might as well get some more work done,' he mused, turning his attention back to his own things. He did have projects to work on, several of which were dedicated to make things better for the girl across the table from him. Some might call his priorities weird, but Joshua didn't much care for their opinion if they did.

Bringing his hand up, he grabbed his locket, running his thumb over it.

Letting go, he continued working on a specific set of spells. All of them were similar to what he'd used to check on the defenses of the Hexennacht bases before attacking, which made sense. At the back of his mind, he felt several deities burning their thoughts through the link with the Charm and into his own mind. Apparently, the Egyptians were really liking his new approach to things.

Not surprising, but certainly appreciated, because they were more proactive with the help they gave too. Either way, Joshua had things to focus on other than those things. 'I'm getting distracted a lot,' he mused with a sigh as he shook his head. Taking a sip from his tea, he set it down and turned back to his work, this time actually getting to it.

'Defenses of GD,' he read at the top of the page before continuing what he'd been doing before, right next to another piece of paper that read. 'Defenses of EF.'

[}-o-{]​

"That's creepy," Kunou said, looking at him with wide eyes, an ice cream cone in her hands.

"Kunou," Yasaka scolded her, stern look in place. It wasn't very effective though, especially because their daughter was too busy taking in Joshua's new appearance. Besides, he wouldn't let her get in trouble for something that was true, if the reflection in the store's window was any indication.

Good thing he had plenty of spells in place to hide them from attention.

"She's not wrong," he said, his voice mostly flat. His emotions seemed… dulled too, which he guessed made some sense. His eyes, now green instead of blue, took in the pale skin of his arm. He was now a very unhealthy shade of gray instead of his natural color. On top of that, he also looked… emaciated.

'Osiris' change is quite… something,' he thought to himself, taking a deep breath in and doing what he'd changed for. Life Sense was still a skill that he was working on to raise. It was one of the limitations he had to create good illusions that could fool other people's life sensing. The main one, really.

After all, if he didn't know all the details that high level life sensing could catch, then he couldn't properly make fake ones. Yasaka had explained that to him quite well, even if he'd already figured that out. So, if he could get a good read on what he needed to work on, then he'd close that gap in his knowledge.

Which was why he was channeling the god of life at the moment, having asked for help on that front. Sure, it didn't fix the issue, but he didn't need to permanently have great life sensing. He just needed to see what he was missing for good illusions. He could continue working on that in his own time.

'Thank you,' he projected through his link with the Egyptians, letting go of Osiris' presence and turning back to normal. What he got in response was a somewhat indifferent sense of acknowledgement. It seemed that for a god of life, Osiris wasn't very lively. That wasn't much of a surprise, he supposed, knowing what he knew about him.

"That's kind of weird," he thought out loud, blinking as everything seemed to become brighter and his emotions a little more intense. "Hm, interesting," he added, noting down some things on a notebook he had ready before picking his own ice cream back up from where he'd set it down. There was a reason why he hadn't gotten a cone after all.

"Had your fun?" Yasaka asked, raising an eyebrow at him when he looked up.

"Yeah, sorry. I'm working on something-"

"Obviously," she commented, amused.

"-and I kind of need extra life sensing skill, so I'm checking on things from time to time like that," he explained. He ran his fingers through his hair, a wry smile on his face. "Sorry if that, you know, bothers you. I probably shouldn't do that in the middle of a date."

"Probably," Kunou said, nodding sagely.

"I don't mind, so long as it doesn't take long," Yasaka reassured him, looking at ease herself. That was more reassuring than her words, Joshua would admit. He also hadn't felt anything from her with Life Sense before, but he wasn't sure if his skill was high enough for that even with Osiris' help. Probably? Who knew? "Can we know what that is for though?"

"Ah… It's a surprise," he answered, hoping she wouldn't be annoyed. He really didn't want to tell her though. She probably would either be angry or try to dissuade him.

"You don't want to tell me. Will I have to scold you too?" the woman asked him with a raised eyebrow.

"Probably," he admitted with a guilty smile.

"Is dad in trouble?"

"It'll depend, I guess," Yasaka answered Kunou's question. "Is he?"

"Not right now?"

"That's not as reassuring as you might think it is, Joshua."

He chuckled nervously.

"Let's just say I'm preparing some extra stuff for that one project we are working on together, Yasaka," he said, making the woman's eyes widen a little. Not like they could say anything about that in front of Kunou. That, in itself, was a surprise for their daughter.

"Do I want to know?" Yasaka asked.

"Probably not."

She sighed.

"Just be careful," she warned him, glaring at him momentarily with her amber eyes. Well, if he weren't motivated enough to take his time so he'd do things the right way, he definitely was after that. Yasaka was certainly a person he didn't want annoyed with him, for several reasons.

He wasn't too worried though.

"Aren't I always?" he asked with a smile. Being careful was his thing, after all. Being over prepared was his way of approaching any project he started. "Anyway, I think that's enough of that. This is a date. Sorry for bringing work into it."

"If it can be called that," Yasaka said, but she did look happier so Joshua supposed he did something right, at least. "Although, I'd like to just… stay like this for a moment, if you two don't mind," she commented, taking a bit of her ice cream to her mouth with her plastic spoon.

"Hm, why?" Kunou couldn't help but ask, drawing a smile from her mother.

"I just like to take moments like this and just… think of us, as a family," she said.

"I like doing that too," her daughter commented, smiling widely. "Sometimes when we are all together, I like imagining that we are a family."

"Imagining? I'm hurt," Joshua commented, eating some more ice cream himself. "You saying we aren't a real family?"

"That- I mean-"

"Because you are my daughter now, Kunou," he continued, with a shrug and a smile on his face. "You are stuck with me, both of you."

Somehow, judging by the beaming expressions, he didn't think they minded that.

[}-o-{]​

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow as he brought his cup of tea to his lips.

"Why indeed," Aika replied, her incredulous expression remaining unchanged. Poor Issei didn't look like he understood more than he himself did, unfortunately. "You are a very weird man, Joshua Davis."

"I've been told that, yes," he said with a shrug. "Your point?"

To that, the girl just sighed.

"Why do I bother? Issei having a Longinus should have prepared me for these levels of bullshit, should it?" Aika grumbled, massaging her forehead. "Just… Why didn't you tell us you were this big a deal? I must have looked like an idiot to Levi!"

"Didn't seem important?" he answered with a shrug. He truly didn't. Him being a big deal in the magician circles didn't really matter when they'd talked. Still didn't, really, as far as he was concerned.

"And the fact that people would have swarmed me if I ever showed my face in a more public magically related setting didn't seem important?" she asked, looking like she was trying really hard to make him understand. He still wasn't getting where she was going.

"I mean, I'd have warned you," he answered, blinking uncomprehendingly.

"... And you didn't think I might need some time to get my head wrapped around that piece of information?" she asked, her annoyance bleeding into some kind of borderline hysteric emotion. "Joshua, what the fuck?!"

"Language," he chided her, making her scream. Good thing he'd cast illusions to hide most of their conversation, or things would have gotten weird and uncomfortable. "Relax, it's not that important."

"No that-" she started before stopping herself and groaning. "Joshua. Do you have any idea how clueless I'd have been?"

"And that's a problem how? Nobody's going to take advantage of you. Only place you could go is either House of Water, where they owe me entirely too much to mess with you," he told her, raising an eyebrow. That seemed to take the wind out of her sails a bit.

"You are impossible," Aika mumbled, deflating on her seat. When Issei shot him a helpless look, clearly having most things flying over his poor head. Joshua just shrugged at him. "Thank God for Levi, I guess."

"Hm, I guess that was an even better call than I thought, huh? I'm good," he commented jokingly. Considering the withering look Aika sent his way, she didn't appreciate the humor. "What?"

"You… I'm going to be good at Divination magic one day and my revenge will be the stuff of nightmares, Davis. I swear," she hissed at him.

Joshua blinked.

"Well, that sounds very ominous," he commented idly. "Is this a good time to point out that you owe me quite a bit?"

In response to that, Aika whined.

[}-o-{]​

He set the drink that his current client had ordered on the table together with the snacks.

"Do you mind?" Joshua asked, gesturing towards the free seat across from her. When she shook her head, he sat down, and picked one of the snacks. He couldn't help but chuckle when she glared at him. "Don't worry, I'll get you more," he reassured, snapping his fingers and making a cup of tea appear next to his hand. "Everything alright? Not common for you to come by yourself."

"It's nice here," Koneko mumbled, picking up one of the snacks herself and nibbling on it. "I like to take a moment to myself," she added, her voice barely above a whisper.

"I can leave you be if you want," he offered then, realizing that maybe he was bothering her. In turn, the girl seemed to consider that for a moment before shaking her head. Even then, Joshua decided to stay silent, since she seemed to want some peace.

"You adopted Jeanne."

Or maybe not.

"I did," he confirmed with a slow nod, not knowing where that came from.

"Why?" she asked then, making him blink.

"She needed help, and I helped her," he answered simply. "She was in a bad spot, so I helped her get her feet under her and it all just… fell into place," he explained, leaning back on his seat and taking a sip from his drink. It'd been a while since he thought about those times. 'Man, it's been a while.'

"Just like that?" Koneko questioned, blinking at him with her expression impassive as always. It made him even more curious, since he wasn't really checking on her with his spells or his senses.

"I mean, I guess the fact that I'd lost my family made me more open to the idea. I wanted a family. We both did, really, but we didn't have one so… We formed one ourselves," he said, thinking it over as he spoke. "I never really grew out of that, I don't think," he added with a chuckle. After all, he had picked up Kunou and, to a lesser extent, Asia much later down the line.

Koneko hummed.

"Any reason in particular for those questions?" he asked, even though he had some idea. She was in a… complicated spot with Kuroka, after all. Maybe she was questioning if she wanted to bother at all or if she wanted to stay with her "current" family Rias' peerage-

"Would you adopt me?" she asked, making him choke on his tea.

'I should stop guessing shit about other people's thought process,' he thought to himself wryly.

"That came out of nowhere," he commented, trying to buy himself some time. He hadn't expected Koneko to actually explain herself.

"I'm just asking, what'd you think about that?" she said, making him blink.

"I mean, you are nice and I think we get along. So, I mean… Could happen," he answered. Seemed like she was just talking hypotheticals. Yeah, that made more sense, at least. What did he know though? He didn't feel like making an idiot of himself again, even if it was just in his own thoughts.

"Hm, I think you are nice and we do get along," she confirmed, making him smile. "I think I could have you for a brother."

"That's nice of you to say. I think I could have you for a sister too," he replied, getting another hum from the girl.

From there, the two of them just stayed in companionable silence.

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

She could almost feel it.

The longer the spars went on, she could almost feel herself grow stronger. She felt the light of heaven washing over her, just as she knew Mittelt and Kalawarna did. It was never so strong as it was when it was helping them progress further, after all, and that was just another reason why she didn't want to stop.

Feeling herself growing strong.

Feeling herself closer to the light.

How was she supposed to stop doing those things?

No, she couldn't do that. So, she kept going. She fought her fellow Fallen. She fought Davis' familiars. She fought Davis' sister. She fought Davis himself. And she kept going, even when her wings stopped keeping her in the air, even when her legs wanted to give up and her magic ran low, when her light attacks grew weak…

She kept going.

"I think that's enough," Davis announced, and she couldn't stop herself from falling to her knees, even though she wanted to keep herself up. "Someone's extra motivated today."

"I can keep going," she breathed out, trying to push herself to a standing position again. Raynare could already feel the light leaving her and her body stagnating. She could keep going though, just a little-

"No, you can't," Davis said and the finality of his voice finished sending Raynare to the ground. "Yeah," he added, walking until he was standing by her. With her face against the floor as it was, she could only see his feet. "Really putting in the work, huh?"

"I have to."

"Why?"

"Because I can't be weak," she grunted, dragging her hands under her to try and push herself up. She heard a sigh then before a hand grabbed the back of her top to pull her up and dragged her to sit her against a nearby wall. Once she was resting there, Davis squatted in front of her and tilted his head questioningly. "If you are not strong, you die. It's as simple as that," she told him, glaring at him and daring him to say something. "And I don't want to die."

To that, the man simply hummed.

"I see," he replied simply, thoughtfully. "It's that simple, is it?"

"The world works like that," Raynare answered, keeping her expression the same. She knew what he was likely to say. That strength wasn't everything. That there was more to it like that. It was easy to say that kind of bullshit when you were strong.

Not so much when you weren't.

"Hm, I guess you are not wrong," he replied, making her blink. He smiled at her surprised expression. "Why the look? I was weak too and I needed to get strong before I could do anything else. You are not wrong. It is that simple, in the end, I guess."

With a groan, he stood up and cracked his neck. Rubbing his weary eyes, he turned to regard his familiars, who seemed to be back to training, on another side of the facilities. Raynare envied them that, but then again, they hadn't been training for as long as she had, at least not without breaks. They didn't need to though. They were already strong. They weren't weak like she was.

"Take a break."

"I can-"

"No, you can't," he said, repeating his words from before and making Raynare feel all the weaker. "Humor me a little more," he continued then, and it was then that she noticed that he was looking at her with indifference, for once. There was no glint of malice or contempt there, she found herself noticing with no small amount of surprise. "You want to be strong so you can live. But why do you want to live?"

"... Sorry?"

"What do you have, Raynare? Why do you live? If you were the strongest being around, if you could do whatever you wanted. What would you do?" he asked and she blinked at him, uncomprehending.

"I'm never going to be the strongest."

"I didn't ask you if you could. I asked you what you would do if you were," he told her, raising an eyebrow.

"... I don't know," she replied after a long moment of consideration, because that was the truth. She'd never stopped to think that, because there was no point. Raynare would never reach that point anyway, so, why bother?

"Yeah, I guessed as much," he said, not quite sighing the words but it was the closest thing. Then he ran his fingers through his hair and looked to the side again. "Can I tell you something weird?"

"You mean, something else?" she asked, making him chuckle.

"Yeah, something else weird," he answered, looking amused. If she were honest, Raynare was relieved to see that. Sometimes she let her mouth get ahead of her and… Well, one never knew with Davis. "I think I like you, after all," he commented, as if he weren't saying something that made about as much sense as her being the strongest around, which is to say none at all. "You are not that bad."

"Who are you?" she asked, getting another laugh from the man.

"Fair enough," he said with a nod. "It doesn't matter, I guess. Doesn't change much for you, just… Eh," he added eloquently. "Continue being not that bad, Raynare. Who knows? I might keep you around," he told her before turning and walking away. "And remember to rest properly. You are not very useful if you can barely stand," he called over his shoulder.

As she watched him leave though, Raynare went over those words. Because they were important, life changing even. He said he might keep her around, which was more than she could say of what her chances had looked like before. On top of that, Davis keeping her around meant that she'd have access to his spells, his training arrays and the light.

And all she had to do was behave and be useful?

Silly Davis.

As if Raynare hadn't already decided to do anything and everything she could for him to keep making her stronger.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Hm, a bunch of little pieces, crumbs really, dropped. Some nice slices of life. Adorable Kunou being adorable. Many characters being shown and interacted with.

All in all, nice chapter, I gotta say. I think I'm happy with it.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter too.

Random Question: I title Game of Monsters chapters with song titles or lyrics. Did you know that?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 177 others
Adrian King
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 131 - Don’t Wanna Waste Another Day
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#487
Don't Wanna Waste Another Day

"Lord Azazel must like you a lot," Penemue commented as they walked through a Grigori base once more. He wasn't very sure why he didn't just get teleported straight to Azazel instead of having to make their way to him, honestly. Even if they didn't want him to get to his office immediately, being sent directly to a waiting room or something would work just as well, right?

Only thing Joshua could come up with was that this had some ulterior motive behind it, but he couldn't figure out what, exactly.

Not that he cared all that much.

"It's probably because I'm useful," he replied with a smile on his face and a shrug when the woman turned to look at him. Apparently, she either wasn't expecting an answer, or she wasn't expecting that answer. "Or maybe he finds me interesting. Or both."

"That does sound like Lord Azazel," Penemue agreed with a nod and remained silent after that. Not that Joshua minded. He was just there to talk with Azazel and that was it. He'd met the Chief Secretary in his previous visit when he came to ask for information regarding the wings limitation, but even then they had barely exchanged a few words. "I can also see why," she continued at some point, making him blink and turn towards her. "You were a rising star before, there were stories and whispers… And all of a sudden, new stories are being told, many of which are being confirmed."

"I'll take that as a compliment," he commented with a smile. It seemed that the strings he'd pulled were already paying off. They worked fast. Maybe he could do something nice for Agnes and Gabriel. He hadn't even gotten to finish the Phenex deal just yet, which would probably multiply whatever they managed by quite a bit. "I feel like you are leading to something though."

"I'm Chief Secretary, Mister Davis."

"I prefer being called Joshua," he commented before she could say anything else. It wasn't as big a deal as it had once been, but he still preferred it. It still remained a reminder that the person he'd considered the true "Mister Davis" was no more, but at least it didn't fill his chest with a void anymore.

"Joshua," Penemue corrected with a nod, somehow making the name sound just as formal. "In my position, I'm tasked with knowing things that Lord Azazel might ignore in favor of other more… important matters," she explained, and Joshua was fairly sure that with "important" she meant Sacred Gear stuff.

"So…" he said, now curious about where she was going.

"So, don't think I don't know what's happening," she told him, looking at him pointedly. It was a little amusing, really. Maybe she'd read the situation right, completely so. Or maybe she'd just guessed he was involved in his sudden rise in popularity, as it were. Or maybe she had a completely wrong read on things, for all he knew. Regardless, her words didn't tell him enough and he wasn't about to assume anything.

"Good for you, I guess. Not sure what you think you know, but…" he trailed off with a shrug. That didn't seem to please the purple-haired fallen all that much, but that was more of a her problem.

"You are the one pulling the strings for what's happening, I know that much for certain," Penemue said, and he was a little surprised that she was being so direct about what she was saying. "I don't know why, but I know there's a reason, one that's not for power. I know you don't care for that, so there's a purpose to rising your standing in the supernatural world. Political problems, maybe, either future or already existing ones that haven't blown up yet."

"Hm… You are good," he commented, honestly impressed. Maybe it wasn't a good idea to admit that, but he didn't really admit anything. Besides, even if she knew that, it wouldn't help her do much. He wasn't making up anything in his pull to get more influence behind his name and even if people found out about Kunou, Yasaka and Serafall, it'd be manageable. It'd be annoying, but manageable.

They were just doing what they were to make it go much more smoothly.

"Thank you," she replied with a nod and a slight smile. "I do pride myself in my work."

"You should," he agreed with a hum. Then something occurred to him. "So, is this walk your thing instead of Azazel? Is this just to get a read on people that visit him?" he asked and the woman smiled.

"Wouldn't you like to know?"

"So, that's a yes," he said, apparently catching her off guard if the way she paused and blinked was any indication. "I have my own ways to get a read on people," he told her, looking straight into her eyes with his green ones as he read her with Life Sense. It wasn't as strong as it would have been if he went full Osiris mode, but a partial help seemed to do the trick.

"I see," she mumbled, frowning as if trying to fit pieces together.

"Interesting that," he commented, letting go of the divinity and continuing to walk. A second later, Penemue caught up and continued leading him. "I had been wondering about that, actually, so it's nice to have an answer."

"I can definitely see why Lord Azazel would like you," Penemue told him, drawing a chuckle from him.

"Is that supposed to be a compliment or an insult?"

"It's supposed to be a bit of both," she answered, making him laugh even more. Their conversation was cut there, however, when they reached a door and she opened it for him to get in.. "It was nice talking with you, Joshua."

"Same," he replied with a nod.

"Joshua," Azazel greeted him. "What spells or info have you got for me to spread the good word of the lord and savior of spellcrafting?" the man asked.

Joshua wasn't even surprised that he knew exactly what was going on.

Especially after his talk with Penemue, that was for sure.

[}-o-{]​

"It's over," the woman said, flanked by several people, all of them looking just as menacing or evil. "You should have finished me off when you had the chance."

"Not to be that guy, but-" Joshua started, looking at them.

"Domino, I swear to-" Serafall hissed.

"-I told you so," he finished, a nervous half-smile on his face.

"I haven't forgotten about you, thief," the villainess said, narrowing her eyes. "I have something special in store for you."

"That's very kind of you, Lady Ebony-"

"That's not my-" the aforementioned baddy tried to interrupt but he kept going.

"And I'm flattered, truly. You are a beautiful woman-"

"Not the time, Domino," Serafall hissed.

"But I'm afraid I'll have to say no," he finished with an apologetic smile. " I can't do anything like that with a woman that keeps such terrible company, you know what I mean?" he added, gesturing towards the rest of the bad guys around her.

"Hilarious as always, Domino Mask," the villainess said, looking utterly unimpressed. "But there's no Eternity Orb to save you this time. No tricks you can pull off to get yourself out of the fire. You are both trapped here, with us, and we'll finally get our revenge."

"She's not wrong about that, Levi, gotta say," Joshua commented dryly.

"We'll find a way," Serafall said, gathering energy around her magical staff. "We always do, don't we?"

"You certainly do," he commented with a smile. "I'm counting on that, actually."

"No pressure, huh?" she replied with a chuckle that turned into a grimace when the villains moved towards them.

"Don't keep me waiting too long, Levi," Joshua said, extending his arm sideways towards her. "Luna, if you would?" he called then, and Margalo landed on her shoulder.

"Domino?" Serafall asked, frowning in confusion.

"So, you decided to take our offer, thief," one of the other villains, one of the main antagonists from an arc long before Domino Mask existed. "I knew you were smarter than our new ally here said," he added, gesturing towards the villainess. The both of them were the leaders of the new bad guy team, after all. It was no wonder they were the ones to speak the most.

"You are not wrong that Levi has to be taken out," Joshua commented.

"Domino?" the woman next to him asked, betrayal written all over her face. 'Damn, she's a great actress,' he thought to himself, almost feeling actually bad even though they were playing a scene and Domino wasn't even actually doing anything bad.

"I'll be waiting, Levi," he told her with a grave smile before she was teleported away. Then he turned towards the villains.

"You didn't kill her," the villain growled.

"No, I took her out. Just like you said," Joshua replied with a grin. "Now, time for us to play, I guess."

"Cut!"

"Good job, guys. You looked very menacing, I gotta say," Joshua commented, drawing some smiles from the previously imposing and evil villains. "That was nice. Until next time, I guess," he added then, stretching a little and relaxing himself.

"That was great! Everyone's gonna love it, I just know!" Serafall exclaimed, jumping on his back and wrapping her arms around his neck. He turned his head a little to raise an eyebrow at her. She wasn't a very discreet woman on a good day, of course, but most of the time she kept it to a level where people could still wonder or dismiss it. This was a little more than usual, which was a little…

Then he noticed that nobody seemed to care. Or, more accurately, nobody seemed to be looking at them. They were all making an effort to look away, really. Hanging onto him, Serafall giggled.

"This is my domain, Josh," she said dramatically. "I'm the queen here."

"Sure you are."

"I am!" she protested with a pout.

"So, where to, my lady?" he asked, making her cheer up and giggle as she wrapped her legs around him and then let go with one arm to point. "So, when's the next shoot again?"

"You gotta keep track of these things, Josh," she commented, shaking her head as he walked.

"Too many things, and besides, you are excited enough that you usually don't let me forget," he replied with a shrug.

"You should hire someone to help you," Serafall told him. "You'll be a very busy man soon and I know you don't care enough to keep track of everything."

"Not sure who I could trust with this," he replied with a shrug, pressing his lips together. "Especially before things get more… known, you know?... Not that someone seems to be doing a great effort to keep things that way like planned."

"It's fine. Everyone here is trustworthy," Serafall reassured him, waving off his worries. "And yeah, I know," she agreed, nodding. "I do believe I can try to help you with that though."

"If you get me a magical girl secretary, at least make sure she's cute, yeah?" he commented jokingly.

"Of course," she replied, completely seriously. He waited a moment in silence, but he grew worried when she didn't laugh or anything. "Should it be a staff or wand magical girl?"

"Sera…" He couldn't say he was impressed with her.

"Fine, I'll see about getting a boring one," she said, sighing and deflating as if he'd ruined her day. "But it'd be so cool though," she whined.

"I'd rather have someone capable-"

"So I can get a magical girl if she's goo-"

"Sera…"

"Fine," she repeated, grumbling. "Maybe just-"

"Sera…"

"Fine… You really just have to ruin my fun, don't you?" she asked him, pouting once more.

"I'm sure we can come up with other ways for you to have fun," he commented idly. Then he looked at her over his shoulder and smiled at her. "Don't you?"

"Hmm, I think I know what you are thinking, Josh, and I like it."

[}-o-{]​

Joshua ignored the way Serafall hummed contently off to the side and especially ignored the way Sairaorg was smirking knowingly at him.

They were terrible at keeping things hidden. How was it that they hadn't been found out already? Maybe Serafall was actually threatening everyone that found out into silence? If someone told him that was a thing, Joshua would believe them.

It was a wonder Yasaka wasn't on their case.

"Soooo…"

"Shut up, Sai," Joshua grumbled, before sighing as his friend laughed. "You should be more appreciative, don't you think? I'm doing you a great solid here."

"Hm, and I am. I'm also your friend, Joshua," Sairaorg replied, keeping his smirk firmly in place. "I would be a terrible one if I didn't make fun of you once in a while, wouldn't I?"

"I wouldn't say-"

"Of course you would, Sai-tan~!" Serafall exclaimed happily, making Joshua deflate.

Even then, he still had a smile on his face. Ultimately, he needed to focus on his work, making him go silent. This set of spells was very important, after all. He couldn't mess it up. It was also, funnily enough, the least important set he was likely to cast that day.

When he finished, he looked up at Misla Bael, taking in the information his new set of check up spells were giving him. On top of that, he channeled Nephthys to improve his Magic Sense to look more in detail at the woman's energy. After that, Joshua swapped to Osiris once more for Life Sense. 'Quite useful, I gotta admit,' he thought, drawing a very muted pleased feeling from the deity.

He also drew some annoyed feelings from other deities, but oh well. He had more use for Life Sense than he had other things at the moment. Besides, he'd given enough attention to Shed, Nephthys and Set anyway and the rest of the pantheon seemed content staying back until he needed them.

It wasn't time to ponder on any of that though.

Instead, he took his notebook and went over his notes on the Sleep Disease. There was new information to take into account and, unfortunately, it got on the way of the things he'd prepared to deal with the illness. He'd have to make unexpected adjustments here and there. Not a whole lot, but enough. He could only purse his lips.

"Not yet," Sairaorg said from the side, when he stopped writing and set down his notebook. It wasn't difficult to read his expression, Joshua guessed, but he still gave his friend an apologetic look. "Don't worry about it, Joshua," Sairaorg reassured, waving him off. "As I said, not yet, right? I know this isn't easy."

And yet, the devil didn't manage to keep his emotions completely under control. Joshua could pick up on them just as easily as Sairaorg had his. He noticed the slight shudder in his voice. He noticed how stiffly he stood. He noticed how forcefully neutral his expression was.

"I'm making progress, Sairaorg," he said, as if that helped any. Any day that he didn't have his mother, his friend suffered. Especially then and there, when he had hope. It was a lot easier to hold it together when there was nothing to do.

"I know," Sairaorg replied, moving to sit beside his mother and taking her hand. "I know. Thank you, Joshua," he added, giving him a nod even though he didn't look away from Misla.

Joshua wanted to say a lot of things to him, but… ultimately, words were useless.

Balling his hand into a fist, he thought about the other notebook he'd brought. It contained the notes of an array that he'd have tried on Misla. That was only if the new information he picked up was encouraging though. If it pointed to fewer things needed adjusting, he'd just do some quick tinkering and give it a try if Sairaorg agreed.

Instead, he'd found enough new details that he couldn't reasonably get all the changes done in such quick notice. He'd likely have to rework too many little things, the entire thing if he was unlucky, which he seemed to be. Joshua would just have to wait until the next visit to try that out, he supposed.

It sucked, but it was what it was.

So, staying silent, he continued taking some notes, doing some quick theorizing of what he'd have to adapt. He could try and pick up some more information too, to be as thorough as he could. Sairaorg deserved that. So did Soren and everyone else that had fallen to the Sleep Disease.

Serafall moved to sit on the arm of his seat, placing her hand on his shoulder comfortingly. He looked up at her for a moment, sharing a sad smile with her. She then leaned down to kiss the top of his head before hugging his head to her chest. She had known, after all, what he was planning and knew now that he wouldn't even be able to try.

So much for the good mood they'd had earlier, he supposed.

They separated some time later, when they heard Sairaorg take a deep breath in and saw him straighten, although he kept his eyes firmly locked on his mother.

"So, what now? The usual?" he asked.

"Yes, the usual," Joshua answered with a nod, even if his friend couldn't see him. "I gather more information, plan a spell array that will help, step by step."

"Ok," was all Sairaorg said to that, leaning back on his seat but never letting go of his mother's hand. "I'm sorry, I know that me being like this makes you feel worse than you already do. I just-"

"Sairaorg," Joshua interrupted, taking a deep breath in himself before standing up and approaching his friend to place a hand on his shoulder. "Never apologize to me about how you feel regarding any of this, ok? I'm the one that should be apologizing, but…" he said, adding that last word quickly before Sairaorg could try to interrupt. "... Instead, I'll just try harder. How does that sound?" he added.

"Yeah, that sounds good to me, Joshua," his friend replied with a weak chuckle.

"Great," Joshua said with a sad but determined grin.

[}-o-{]​

He walked quickly through the halls, hearing the sound of Serafall's steps behind him. He never turned nor did he speak. He didn't think he could, what with the knot in his throat. He was being an idiot, he knew, but he just couldn't help it.

He'd done the same thing many times before, but this time it seemed that checking up on Misla had been worse for everyone involved. Joshua didn't have any right to feel as bad as he did though. Sairaorg was the one that had the reasons. He was just… He shouldn't be feeling as bad as he was, or so he thought.

Ultimately, he did.

He reached his destination and opened the door making both occupants of the room look up at him. He moved in quickly, taking Kunou by surprise as he approached her and pulled her into a tight hug. The little girl didn't take long before returning the gesture though, even if she didn't understand what was going on.

"Dad?" she mumbled, her voice muffled against his chest. He almost wanted to squeeze her even more, but he refrained from doing so. Instead, he buried his face in her blond locks. "Is everything ok?"

"Yeah… Everything's fine, Kunou," he answered, his voice thick with emotion. "I just…" he mumbled, before the words failed him.

"I love you."

"I love you, son." "I'm proud of you."

"I love you, Kunou," he told her and he felt her stiffen in his arms and hug him even tighter. "I love you, and I'm very, very proud of you," he said, because she deserved to hear it at a point other than the last moments, if that. He had heard those words so many times directed at him, even when he didn't deserve them… Had he ever told her that? He didn't know, but that just meant that if he did, he could stand to do so more.

"I love you too, dad," the girl muttered against him and he smiled a watery smile.

"I know," he replied, kissing the top of her head. "And you need to know, alright? You need to know that I love you, ok?"

"Ok," she answered with a nod.

"Is everything alright?" Joshua caught Yasaka whispering to Serafall, who had taken a seat beside her at some point. He probably wasn't supposed to hear her, but it didn't matter. He didn't care. He just needed a moment with Kunou.

"Yes, it's just… It hit him harder this time, I guess," Serafall answered and he could almost hear the sad smile on her face. "He'll be fine, he just…"

"Needs this," Yasaka finished for her, getting an agreeing hum.

"Kunou," Joshua said, pulling his daughter away from him slightly but letting her stay sitting on his lap as she had through the hug. "You see this? You know what it is?" he asked her, grabbing his locket.

"It was your dad's?" the girl answered hesitantly.

"It's a Davis family heirloom, you could say," he told her, rubbing his thumb over the lid of the locket. "If something ever happens to me and this thing doesn't go with me… I want you to have it, alright? Because you are my daughter and that means that this is yours too, your family heirloom, even if you are not Kunou Davis."

"Yet," she mumbled with a shy smile.

"Yet," he agreed with a grin of his own. Maybe he was being impulsive or presumptuous or reckless or stupid, but he didn't care. It didn't matter. Even if they were wrong and she never became a Davis… "This is yours regardless, ok? No matter what."

"Ok," she replied with a serious nod.

"Good to know that's clear," he said, kissing her forehead and making her turn where she sat on her lap so they both looked in the same direction. Taking the locket off for a moment, he moved so that she could see it when he opened it. "I've put circles and a small wardstone in it so that it can hold many pictures and switch them with some minor magic use," he explained to her showing her all the pictures he'd put in the locket.

His parents. Phil and the twins. Jeanne. His Familiars.

Yasaka. Serafall.

And last, but certainly not least, Kunou herself.

"I don't have to explain, do I?" he commented to the silent girl, who shook her head. Soon, her whole body trembled in his arms and he knew she was crying before the first drop even fell.

"No," she sobbed. "Can I…?" she started to ask before trailing off, her hand extended towards the locket. With one of his hands, Joshua took hers and brought it to the necklace. "How do I…?"

"Feel," he whispered to her, waiting for a moment before using his magic to switch the pictures. A moment later, Kunou started circling through them herself, even finding the right way to get specific pictures to show up instead of going through the list. "That's my girl," he mumbled, making her press back against his chest.

At that moment, he felt more than saw Yasaka and Serafall sitting on either side of him.

"Sorry for ignoring you I just-" he started, before Yasaka stopped him with a finger over his lips.

"Don't apologize," she told him, smiling with unshed tears in her eyes. "That was… That was beautiful. So don't apologize, ok?"

He nodded slowly, turning back to look forward just as Serafall leaned against his side, resting her head on his shoulder. A second later, Yasaka seemed to follow her example. The four of them sat there, silently looking at each picture on his locket again and again.

And Joshua had to admit, he wouldn't have wanted to do anything else.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

*sniff*

I'm not crying, you are!

Anyway, I know that the Misla scene went a little bit from 0 to a 100, but it's just how it went, I guess. Mood was good and happy and such but… Well, that can be ruined rather easily and the situation isn't what one would call happy at the moment in that regard. Especially for Joshua who had gone there with hopes pretty high only to be told "nope" and slapped on the face with information that didn't fit his plans.

I hope you agree with me on that.

I also hope you enjoyed the chapter, of course.

Random Question: Out of curiosity, if I started posting an original story, would you read it? Would it have to be a particular kind or genre of story for you to do it? Anyone that has checked my Discord server knows that I've given originals a try a time or two, but I never felt the interest was too high, so I thought I'd check like this to see what answers I got.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 177 others
Adrian King
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 132 - Welcome to My Life
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#489
Welcome to My Life

Something was going on.

Joshua wasn't sure what, but something was definitely off about the ongoing meeting with the Phenex at that very moment. For one, they had brought Ravel, but he wasn't too surprised by that. The girl was adorable and they probably realized, or had heard, that he might or might not have a weak spot for children. Even if his real relationship with Kunou was hidden, it was very well known that he spent a lot of time with her as a "tutor".

Yasaka had helped spread that even more for their little plot to get him more political standing. On top of that, the fact that he was housing and guarding Asia had been revealed by Heaven and the Church on that side of the scheme. They had asked for permission, since it would kind of put a target on him because of the civil war, but he wasn't too concerned.

He was sure that this fact couldn't really make things worse for him. People were probably already out to get him as it was, between Khaos Brigade and the opposing side of the Church civil war. He was probably also forgetting one or two on that short list too. Asia's situation wasn't going to bring even more trouble, or at least he doubted it would.

So, Ravel being there wasn't too weird.

No, the weird part was that the Phenex were agreeing with a lot of the points being made in that meeting and they were looking happy about it. Curious, very curious, but also kind of concerning, admittedly. They had tried to fight back before, at least, even if they folded like a cheap suit every single time because their situation was just that bad against him. He imagined that they would look worse if they didn't. Otherwise, it didn't make much sense for them to do that.

They had to look terrible to others doing that with him, really, but he was no political expert.

Except that something had definitely changed, because now they were giving him everything he asked for. No arguing, no compromises. They weren't even asking questions to get more information on the proposals. Joshua was honestly starting to worry that he'd missed some kind of previous point that was reassuring the Phenex with the fact that they were actually winning the negotiations.

Serafall didn't look worried or anything though, so he tried to calm down. Not that he expected she would show much of that if something were going on. He just had to hope that she'd step in if something bad really happened.

And if nothing else, there was always the nuclear option, he supposed, but he'd prefer to avoid that.

"I think that's the last point, Mr. Davis?" Lord Phenex asked respectfully, which for him might as well have been the man beaming and singing happily. It was weird, very much so.

"I think it is," he agreed, trying his best to keep his doubts and concerns to himself. The last thing he wanted was to make the others either think they had him or realize that he knew something was going on. He really wanted to get things over with so that he could check with Serafall. Speaking of getting things over with though… "The last of the last, actually," he added, trying to get a read on the Phenex.

For the first time, their content expressions broke a little, revealing displeasure underneath. It was a tiny amount though, both on what they showed and what he picked up with Life Sense. Very interesting indeed. They weren't pleased with the agreement as a whole, but something had made it more palatable, evidently.

"We'll prepare ourselves for the announcement and what'll follow then," Lord Phenex said, giving him a nod. "I hope we can work together without issues, Mr. Davis," he added, extending a hand towards Joshua. Shaking it with a smile of his own, he went to respond.

"I hope the same, Lord Phenex. I'm sure we'll both find this agreement satisfactory in the end, even if you have your doubts now," he said, trying to be reassuring. Hopefully it was taken like that and not as condescending or mocking. Serafall had said it was probably fifty-fifty in regards to that.

"I'm sure we will. That said, good day, Mr. Davis," and with those words from Lord Phenex and a few pleasantries more, they teleported away… Except that only he and Lady Phenex did, followed by Sirzechs and Grayfia a moment later. Ravel, for her part, remained sitting on her chair, looking like nothing was wrong.

As he was about to go and ask what was up with her, Serafall spoke up.

"Give us a minute, would you, Ravel? I have something to discuss with Joshua and then you can start working," the woman said and Joshua blinked. 'Working?' he wondered, but he had no chance to get further than that before Serafall cast a privacy spell around them. "I'm sure you noticed that went very easily."

"I was actually going to ask you if I should be concerned about that," he replied, having an inkling that she'd done something now. He was missing something for sure and he was starting to think that it wasn't a ploy on the Phenex side.

"Nothing of the sort. I just struck a little deal on your behalf with them to help things along," she reassured with a smile, waving off his worries.

"And that deal was…" he urged, trying to make sense of things.

"Ravel will be your secretary," Serafall said, nodding to herself as if that answered all questions and made all the sense in the world. When he didn't respond to that and simply stared at her for a long moment, she pouted. "Why are you looking at me like that?"

"Why… is she my secretary and how in the world were they happy about that?" he asked, eye twitching.

"Well, because you need someone to help you out with your schedule and such, Josh. We talked about that the other day, remember?" she asked before pouting again. "Don't look at me like that. You said I could do things on my own if they'd help speed things up!"

"I know," he breathed out, bringing a hand up to massage the bridge of his nose. "How does getting her as my… secretary help things though? I imagine they'd hate to make one of their own work for me."

"Well, that's because we aren't telling the world that," Serafall said, as if it were obvious. Because of course. "Officially, you and little Ravel are working side by side on the Phoenix Spell initiative. Equals, even if it's only on paper. People will probably realize what's going on, but if you play the cards right, you could help them save some face and I convinced them I'd help them get you to do that once in a while."

"Ok…" he sighed exasperatedly. "And you didn't feel the need to tell me about this because…"

"Surprise~" she sing-sang and Joshua almost wanted to sigh again. "Cheer up, Josh. You are thinking too much. Have a little faith in me."

"I guess I can do that," he replied, running his fingers through his hair. "And I do need help with stuff, so… Thank you."

"No problem~" she said, clearly very happy that her "gift" had been well received in the end.

"I'd appreciate a heads-up next time though," he commented, drawing a giggle.

"Where's the fun in that though?" Serafall asked before "innocently" placing her magic staff behind her. "What are you gonna do if I don't? Punish me?"

"I just might."

"Promises, promises~" she replied, apparently very amused. "Now, I have to go, so I'll let you get acquainted with your new secretary. You can thank me more later. She's a fourth in line daughter, after all. She knows all she needs to know about helping others with their business. It's what she was taught so that she could be a good wife eventually, probably."

"We'll see," was all he said, even though his lips pulled up into a smile. Not at Ravel's situation of course, but at Serafall. The girl wasn't in too bad a situation from what he remembered from canon. He could be wrong though, so maybe he'd have to keep an eye out on things. "See you later, Sera. Try to have some fun in the stuffy meetings."

"If only that were possible, Josh," she huffed with a pout before teleporting away. Joshua stared at the spot she'd been standing on for a long moment before sighing. 'No way around it, I guess,' he thought to himself.

That's what he got for giving Serafall more power regarding the agreement. Then again, she'd helped him a lot and maybe what she'd done was good. He remembered Ravel helping Issei with stuff like that in the novels, at least. It was kind of a blurry piece of knowledge though, but if nothing else he could trust Serafall, he supposed.

Turning around, he paused.

Ravel was sitting there, straight and patiently with a notepad and a pen already in hand. She looked… kind of adorable while trying to look professional. She looked very eager too, even if she tried to pass it as seriousness. 'Well, it could be worse, I suppose,' Joshua thought to himself.

"First things first," he said, moving back to the table and taking the seat across from Ravel. "What did Serafall tell you?"

"The exact agreement was that I'd help you as a personal assistant. Help you keep to a schedule, provide information regarding certain things that might be out of your area of expertise but in mine and generally provide assistance in matters that might not be priorities for you," the girl explained, a resolute expression on her face as she clearly quoted that from somewhere.

It took Joshua a moment to figure out that that last part was basically saying that she'd run errands for him. Why was she looking so eager to basically be…? He wasn't even sure if there was a name for that. It sounded to him like even a secretary or a personal assistant would do more than that, right?

'You can overthink later,' he thought to himself.

"Ok then," he replied, and he almost grimaced at the way she was hanging from his every word already. He wasn't equipped to deal with this bullshit. Serafall… Oh, who was he kidding. He couldn't be actually angry at her if he tried.

It was still annoying though.

"Schedule first then," he said and the girl beamed at him, preparing to write down whatever he informed her of. So, he did just that and as he spoke, her eyes seemed to widen for every thing he told her about. In fairness to her, his schedule was kind of insane.

There was "tutoring" Kunou, who was his daughter and a sweetheart, but also the daughter of one of the two Youkai factions. There was teaching classes in House of Water. There was Working on several projects, one of which was the Sleep Disease cure. There was training time every day or almost every day if one of them was particularly busy. There were some scattered free spots to train Rias' peerage, Sona's peerage – both of whom were the sisters of the Satans – and even Issei or Aika.

And finally, there were visits to the Church to set up their defenses.

He'd paid attention to her through the whole list. He hadn't told her any secret things, like his relationship with Yasaka or Serafall, or some of his more serious projects like Project Ascension or Project Freedom, since those involved other factions. However, through it all, he kept a very close eye on her with Magic and Life Sense.

Unless Ravel was ridiculously good at masking her presence to both of those senses, she seemed surprised by the things she was told but nothing else. There was no annoyance in regards to him helping other factions. There was no elation at finding out "secrets" that could cause some problems, if small ones.

"You got all that?" he asked, watching her continue writing with a frown on her face that reminded him of Kunou working on particularly difficult homework.

"I did, Mr. Davis-"

"Joshua," he corrected with a smile. "Call me Joshua, especially if you are going to be around a lot."

"I can't- That'd be- I'm sorry, I-"

"Relax, Ravel. Breathe," he told her softly and she did as he said, taking a deep breath in and then letting it out. "You can call me Mr. Davis if you want," he told her, his smile dimming a little. It'd suck, especially if she was around a lot, but it was what it was. He could put up with it. Things had changed from the time when he couldn't stand that at all.

"But you said…"

"It's fine. I prefer just Joshua. Mr. Davis was my father and he passed less than two years ago. It's still kind of fresh for me but I'm getting over that," he explained to her, making her wince a little.

"I'm sorry."

"So, you were saying?" he urged her, trying to move on. Maybe he should have kept that correction for another time, he supposed.

"I did get everything, Mr. Davis," she mumbled, clearly a little unsure after that little interruption. "So, according to this, you need to work on one of your projects now?" she asked, reading over her notes and making him smile.

"All magic projects can be moved around. I work on them when I can, which is usually at the times when I said. Same goes for training, really. The only time sensitive things in that list are the tutoring, the magic classes and the Church jobs," he told her and waited for her to note that down. He also watched her for a reaction once more, but he got nothing again.

"I see," Ravel said, keeping her eyes on her notes, probably organizing the hours in her mind or something. "I'll keep that in mind, Mr.- Er… Would… Would it be better if I call you "sir"?" she asked then, and he tilted his head.

"Let's keep it to Mr. Davis, I think," he answered, getting a nod and pursed lips from the girl. "I think that's all, really. I don't think there's anything I need help with at the moment, particularly," he continued then, unsure. He'd talked with Serafall about getting a hand to help him out, but she'd kind of dropped Ravel on him out of nowhere, he didn't even know what he could have her helping him wi-

"I understand," the girl said, calling for his attention as she looked up. "I'll look into the Magician Associations to better understand the picture then. Probably the Youkai factions too, although I'm sure you know all about those since you've been working with them for a while," she said, writing down what she was saying by the looks of it.

Joshua wondered how she'd react if he told her that no, he had little idea about the Youkai factions besides some snippets he'd gotten from conversations with Yasaka. He knew little to nothing about the East branch, for one. Just in case, he'd keep that to himself. No need to ruin whatever good image the girl seemed to have of him.

For the moment, at least.

"The Church and Heaven…" Ravel continued, pursing her lips once more. "I might not be able to help as much, but I'll see what I can do."

"Already have ideas for how to help then?" Joshua commented, making it seem as if he already had some ideas of his own when he really didn't.

"I've heard that you have a reputation of not asking for payments when doing favors or jobs," she told him and he felt his eye twitch. That was the reputation he seemed to have now in the supernatural world, he supposed. On top of everything else, that is. Not the worst thing, but everyone always said it like it was a bad thing. "I'll help you keep track of everything you are owed, so I'd appreciate help making a list of previous things. That way, I can help you better use the favors you've amassed with several factions, Mr. Davis."

"I see," he said, processing that as best he could. It seemed that maybe, just maybe, Ravel would be more useful than he initially thought. Joshua also had a feeling that some people would either love or hate her, since it sounded like she'd help him better collect favors when he needed to.

Serafall knew what she was doing, as he should have expected.

Didn't mean he couldn't be annoyed by how she'd gone about it though.

"Well, Ravel, only one thing left to go over," he told the girl, making her straighten on her seat. Extending his hand to the side, he pulled some things out of a Storage Spell. "Which one of these do you like the most?" he asked, while Ravel blinked at the small collection of necklaces and bracelets.

"Uh, um, Mr. Davis?" the girl asked, looking very unsure.

"They are all engraved with communication spells. That way we can get in contact with each other when you aren't around," he explained and her eyes widened slightly, giving the accessories on the table a much more thorough inspection.

"We also need to talk about when I will be around, don't we, Mr. Davis?" she pointed out as if it were very important.

"I thought you'd prefer not to. It'd make this agreement more obvious from the, er, official one, right?" he commented, raising an eyebrow. He was even more caught off guard by the way she fixed him with a serious look.

"Be that as it may, I have to assist you to the best of my ability and that requires me to be around you so that I might help you when you need me. Calls help, but personal presence might be essential," she said, sounding entirely too professional for someone her age, even if Joshua didn't remember exactly how old she was. 'Isn't she Koneko's age, actually?'

Then again, devil and different culture? Whatever.

"... I get the feeling that you just want to do it that way yourself," he commented and the sheepish look she gave him was all the answer he needed. "Your family isn't going to be happy about it, right?" he added, and if anything she grew even more sheepish, her cheeks growing pink. "Oh well, they probably already hate my guts anyway."

"Yay~!" she cheered, hands shooting up in the air before she caught herself.

Her attempt to look professional again was less effective than it had been before.

Which was saying something, really.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"... I don't like her," she mumbled, glaring at the blonde devil girl that had followed Joshua and butted into their time. Now Joshua wouldn't be able to be her tutor and her dad. He'd only be able to be her tutor, because she was here.

And why was it that every other time Joshua picked someone up they were blonde?!

"Be nice, Kunou," her dad told her, planting his hand on top of her head while the devil girl fidgeted with her notepad nervously under her glare. She better be nervous. Kunou didn't know how she'd do it, but she'd make her pay. "Besides, Ravel here might be able to help you with your politics classes or, if nothing else, be someone you can talk about that kind of stuff with. Everyone knows I'm useless with that."

And indeed, everyone knew that, not that her dad really needed to be savvy in such a subject. He seemed to get whatever he wanted anyway. Kunou was actually writing down a study on why that was herself out of curiosity. Still, if he thought she'd go to this Ravel for help or to talk then her dad was dumber than she thought he was… sometimes.

"You are thinking mean things about me again, aren't you?" Joshua asked, making her huff, cross her arms in front of her and look to the side. "Stop being a brat, will you?"

"Am not!"

"You did the same thing with Asia. Give her a chance. Ravel seems nice," her dad said and Kunou really didn't like the way the other girl beamed at him after that compliment. She was liking this devil even less than she liked Asia. At least Asia was nice, but this one girl didn't seem to care that she was interrupting her time with Joshua.

Which was all sorts of rude, really.

"Kunou," Joshua insisted.

"Fine," she mumbled. "She doesn't matter anyway."

"No being rude," her dad chastised her, giving her a light chop to the head that had her pouting and rubbing the spot. "Now, apologize to Ravel and we'll get to work. She has her own things to do while we are at it."

"Ah, there's no need, Mr. Davis," the devil said, looking nervous with what Joshua had said. As well she should. As if Kunou would apologize to her, even if she weren't annoyed with her-

"Yes, there is. Apologize, Kunou," Joshua pressed, giving her the this unimpressed and disappointed look that she hated. Immediately upon seeing it, Kunou deflated, drawing into herself as if that would protect her from The Look.

It did not.

"... I'm sorry," she mumbled, looking anywhere but at the devil.

"Don't worry about it," Ravel mumbled back, clearly surprised and not knowing how to deal with the situation. Stupid Joshua. There was no need for Kunou to apologize to her. She didn't even seem to want the apology anyway.

"Now, that wasn't so hard, was it?" Joshua asked, his expression turning amused, thankfully. Kunou really didn't like The Look. "Where did we leave things last time?" he continued then.

She was grateful that from there it turned into more or less the same kind of class she'd usually have with Joshua. She still didn't like Ravel being there though. Every so often, Kunou would have to remind herself that she couldn't call Joshua dad with her around and she had to hold back certain things too.

It wasn't fair.

That was supposed to be extra time with her dad!

At some point though, she blinked, looking at the sheet of paper in front of her. Not because the exercise was wrong or she'd written an incorrect answer to something, but because the text shifted in front of her. Soon, the piece of paper said something entirely different.

'Sorry about having her here, but she's helping me with some important matters,' she read in her dad's writing. 'I'll make it up to you, ok? Ice cream?'

She glared at the paper.

'Favorite dinner with ice cream?' Her glare lessened. 'And a story?' Kunou almost caved at that, but she knew she could milk it a little more. She just had to resist and hope that Joshua didn't decide she was being gree- 'You can sleep with your mom and I tonight.'

Victory!

Maybe Ravel wasn't so bad, if Kunou could get Joshua to make up for it like that. Although, she imagined it'd be a one time thing, either the devil's presence or the bribing on Joshua's part or both. Still, she'd take it all the same. She'd been asking to do that ever since she first learned that her parents were sleeping together, after all.

She couldn't wait for that night already. It'd be nice to sleep in the middle of both her parents, as she'd hoped she could back when she was younger. She'd gotten to sleep with her mom sometimes, but she had never wanted to be a bother and it was different now that she had a dad too.

It'd be great!

So, she hummed happily to herself, imagining the great night that was ahead of her.

Meanwhile, across the table from her, Ravel could only look on, very confused.

Then there was Joshua, to the side, who shook his head fondly.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I can't shake the feeling that I wrote that last part wrong someway. If anything looks awkward or something, I'd appreciate someone pointing it out so I can see about correcting. Or maybe I'm just paranoid. Wouldn't be surprising if that were the case.

Also, what in the fuck is up with this chapter? It was supposed to be like 1k of Ravel becoming Joshua's assistant and somehow it turned into a full chapter. How did that happen? How?!

*sigh*

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you write fanfics currently? Have you written fanfics in the past? Have you tried? Do you want to try? Yes, that's four questions, but I felt it was better to get them all in one go than separately.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 181 others
Adrian King
Jul 30, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 133 - Raise You Like a Phoenix
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#492
Raise You Like a Phoenix

"Off the top of your head, what's the best approach to set up wards for keeping the item safe?" Joshua asked, the illusions he used as a blackboard shifting so that only the exercise remained right in the center. He'd move it to the side if he needed to explain something or add things to the sides if that's what he needed for the lesson. For the moment, he waited a moment for his students to answer or remain silent long enough it'd be an answer of its own.

That last thing didn't happen too often though, which was great.

"Yes, Miss Fortune?" he asked, seeing – predictably – one of his Stars raising their hands. In this case, Dion Fortune. He didn't have too much of an impression on the woman, other than that she was good. She didn't express herself much or at least she didn't seem very excited in any of his classes, but she always put in the work for them, so he wasn't complaining.

"Several detection and monitoring wards linked to other defensive and maybe offensive wards? All powered by draining wards," the woman replied, more a statement than a question but with enough doubt there to cover herself if she was wrong. She was good like that. "If it's powered by draining wards and a lot of spells are used, it can be set up quickly, even if it won't be very strong."

"Correct, and a perfect answer," Joshua told her, making Fortune smile at him, even if it wasn't a very overly show of emotion. "Unless you really need strong defenses right away, it's always better to set up wards this way, it allows for a more thorough coverage, since you can set up specific spells for everything. It's always better to use many simple spells in an array than to try to find or – even more difficult – to make one that'll do everything. Besides, spells like that require more power and more skill than most people are likely to have, so it's better to know one's own limits and go for something more manageable. Miss Fortune?" he asked at the end, noticing that the woman had raised her hand.

He wasn't too surprised by what she said though.

"Unless you have a coven to cast the spell," the woman replied with a more expressive grin than she usually showed. It was a gesture that he shot right back at her, because it was what he'd come to expect from her.

She was a practitioner of Coven Magic, after all, so she always took any opportunity to point out the benefits of her magic in his classes. He suspected she likely did the same, or at least tried, in any other classes she might be taking. Not that he minded too much, since she wasn't actually giving false information and he found her magic fascinating.

What Coven Magic did was, essentially, support other magician's casting. The practitioners of that branch basically connected themselves and maybe other magicians with the person that would actually be casting a spell. That way, the person being supported would have access to the magic of everyone in the coven, together with their magical strength and even other benefits depending on what spell they used and how the spell was set up.

If he hadn't gotten so good at what he did and his Magic stat weren't so off the charts compared to what he saw in every single other magician he used Appraisal on, Joshua might have contracted Fortune for her services a whole lot. Hell, he kept a close eye on her just in case he might need to call for her help at some point. It was another reason why he let her do self-promotion like that too, admittedly.

"True enough," he agreed with a nod. "So, I want you all to make a list of every ward you'd use for a set up like this. Make sure they are all taken into account for an array arrangement and balanced for one, because after we check them in the next class, you'll all start a long-term project trying to work on that array."

Reactions to that were mixed, but homework was hardly ever fun, especially when Joshua tried to challenge them and push what they learned in his class every single time. He also usually gave them homework like that, where they couldn't just coast off class notes. No, they'd need to do research and look up other wards and array set ups to come up with their list.

He'd have felt bad for them, but that's what they got with him as a teacher.

"Have fun with that," he added, getting some less than pleased looks from all over the class. Even Meredith was giving him the stink eye. Truly… being a teacher was great. "For the rest of the class, as I said when we began, this is Ravel Phenex. The reason why she's here is because she's helping me with some things. For that, she will be interviewing all of you now, so that I can better teach you all," he announced then, making the students turn towards the girl that had been patiently sitting in a smaller desk next to his at the front of the class.

It had drawn a lot of attention, when she'd first joined, and even more so after he'd introduced her. He supposed, with how devils were deeply ingrained in magician society, it was no surprise that everyone knew the names of the pillars. Besides, Phenex wasn't what one would call a discreet name either, so there was that.

He'd have liked to know what was going on through their minds at that moment, but alas, Joshua had better things to do.

As Ravel got to work, interviewing his students for their magics and any other information she could fish out of them, Joshua moved to the side. He wasn't too sure what she wanted to achieve, admittedly, but she'd said something about knowing what assets all his students could bring to the table in case he needed them. After all, some private tutoring or services provided could get any of his students to do him a solid. They were already ingratiated to him through the classes, after all, so they were better than looking for someone else if they could do well enough for a job or favor.

He'd let the girl take care of that, which sounded like too much trouble and too much dealing with people for him.

Instead, he decided to do something else while he waited, with Cheshire surprisingly deciding to go and sit on Ravel's desk to watch her work… or maybe to unnerve the poor students. His familiars could be a little mean at times.

"Everything going ok?" he asked Meredith, giving a glance to George who nodded at him when he cast an illusion to cover their conversation. He often wondered if his group of Stars had become an actual friend group instead of just a study one, but that was in their personal lives and he wasn't curious enough to stick his nose there. He did enough socializing on a good day as it was.

"Yes, House of Water keeps behaving, Joshua," the girl replied, equal parts grateful and exasperated, somehow. "And yes, my family is still trying to talk to me and all, but Golden Dawn has backed off. I think the news traveling around about you have scared them."

"Nice," he replied with a grin. That wasn't quite what he was going for, but it was a nice side-effect. Soon enough, he'd be hit with the drawbacks of spreading information about him, but he'd take the benefits too. "And no, I don't have anything I need your help with," he said before the girl could even try to open her mouth to ask him, as she always did. "But I'll let you know if that happens. Or maybe Ravel will. She'll be keeping track of stuff like that for me."

"I see," the girl mumbled, giving the devil a narrow-eyed look. "So you really got a Phenex as a secretary? Just when we think you are insane enough a person, Joshua."

"I'll take that as a compliment," he replied with a grin.

"It was meant as one," Meredith shot back with one of her own. "I really wish you'd come up with something, Joshua. I kind of feel bad for just… getting all this kindness thrown at me for no reason."

"You needed help. I like helping," he commented, rolling his eyes and running his fingers through his hair. "Do the math. I think you are smart enough for that."

"Stupid," the girl said, with a small, shy smile. "I really appreciate it, Joshua. I still want to do something to pay you back."

"Well, if you are lucky, Ravel will come up with something," he replied, more to reassure the girl than anything else. He felt a little bad about it a moment later though, since Meredith seemed genuinely happy that there might be a chance. He didn't know what the devil could come up with for his students.

Especially with Meredith. She had nice magic talents and even an even nicer Sacred Gear, but Joshua didn't see himself dragging her to the battlefield, which is where she'd truly shine. His own spells did well enough for protection and her Sacred Gear's effect wasn't something he could see himself making use of.

'I guess it's not a bad thing to give her hope though.'

[}-o-{]​

[Karin]

"As Joshua says, off the top of my head, I can think of several ways you could repay him for the special treatment in his classes," the young blonde commented, scribbling away at a notebook in front of her and without even looking up at Karin herself. That slight disrespect was inconsequential, however, because Karin could only be so happy to be talking like she was with a Pillar devil.

She'd heard some other students commenting that Ravel was likely far down the line of succession, since she was very young and the Phenex supposedly had many children, especially by devil standards. That didn't really matter either, because Karin herself had never been high up in any ranking whatsoever, so at most she'd thought she might be a contracted magician to some reincarnated nobody. She'd have been happy with that, really, if she didn't need to go scrapping at the bottom of the barrel like she'd heard some people do.

It was one of the reasons why she'd never dared to have her association try to get her a contract with a devil. Granted, her situation had changed a lot through her time as a student of Davis' and a member of the aforementioned's group of Stars. However, that unease had lingered.

That was one of the reasons why she was so in awe of the whole situation, with her doing what was more or less an interview with Ravel Phenex herself. She might look young, but she seemed to be doing a great job, she'd noticed. Karin was even more in awe of her teacher though, because how in the hell did one go about getting a devil of such rank to work with you as an equal?

Because most contracted magicians ended up in a situation of… not subordination, but close enough. It was certainly never an equal standing relationship. Devils had their pick of magicians to contract with, after all, so they could all search for someone that would give them the best conditions for a contract, which often ended with magicians offering much more than they'd like.

On the other hand, there was Joshua Davis, working with a Phenex without even having an actual contract, by the sound of things. And the devil was the one that seemed to be working for him. Hell, Ravel Phenex seemed to be doing her absolute best to do well in her job, which so far looked to Karin like she was some sort of assistant more than anything else.

How in the hell did their teacher get to the point where his relationship with devils seemed to be the opposite of the usual?

Ultimately, Karin decided that it didn't matter.

Why? Because Ravel Phenex might just be a godsent, ironically enough. Everyone and their mothers knew that interacting with Davis had a high chance of you somehow being indebted to the man. This was especially the case after more and more information about the man seemed to start circulating in the supernatural world.

Wherever he went, Joshua Davis seemed to do much better than expected and people inevitably found themselves owing the man. That was not really a bad thing, considering Karin's favorite teacher was that for a reason, being kind to a fault. The problem was that he was too kind, which meant that he often didn't really ask for anything back, leaving people scrambling to not be indebted to him anymore.

Everyone knew owing someone something could come back to bite you in the ass. Furthermore, not paying someone back could easily lead to a stain in one's reputation and reputation was about as important as power was in the supernatural. So, nobody wanted to be the one to go against the way things worked on such an… almost fundamental level.

So, Ravel seemed like the blessing that everyone had been waiting for, someone that would give them a way to pay Davis back, at least a little.

"I'm listening," Karin said eagerly to the blonde's words from before her mind went on a bit of a tangent.

"You see, Mr. Davis has an… acquaintance that takes care of a garden. They often provide him with the materials needed for his spells. I'm sure you, with your Nature Magic, could help them with that," Ravel commented, making her eyes lit up. Not only could she repay Davis, but she could do so with her magic? That sounded wonderful, truly. "I see you like that idea. I'll have to check some things, but I'm sure I'll be able to confirm something with you by the next class, unless something happens to delay me."

"I can wait, Ms. Phenex," Karin replied respectfully. "Thank you. Please do let me know."

"I will," the girl told her with a smile. "Now, I have others to talk to, but thank you for being so cooperative."

"Let me guess. Golden Dawn?" Karin asked, drawing a wry grin from the devil.

"Grauzauberer, actually. Don't talk about that though. I'll have a chat with Director Agnes about some things, and it'd help not to spread the word," the devil told her, her smile turning much more… devil-like. Karin nodded quickly, else the girl's ire be drawn towards her. She looked young, but she knew that looks could be deceiving. And even if that was not the case… She didn't think she wanted to know what someone that was working with her teacher could pull off when angry.

She rather liked living.

"Of course. Have a nice day."

"You too," Ravel replied, beaming as if her previous expression hadn't been there at all and turning to the next person. "Ah, Eliphas Levi, right?" the devil asked, making the man gulp nervously.

Moving away, like she was supposed to, Karin went to stand with the rest of the waiting Stars. There was no point going against what Ravel asked, especially if her guess was right about what the girl did for their teacher. Sounded like someone they should be on the good side of. If she was going to be in charge of dealing with Davis's business, then she could be a nightmare as much as she could be a blessing.

Not that Karin was very nervous. Call her overconfident or arrogant, but she didn't think Davis would let the devil screw them over. He was too nice for that and that was part of the reason he had the reputation he did. She didn't think he'd make a change so radical that they needed to be worried.

At least, not for as long as they didn't make any stupid mistakes.

"She had a lot of interesting things to say," Fortune said when Karin joined them, looking towards the devil in question. "She has ideas, that's for sure. Ideas I'm very interested in hearing, from what little she said."

"She didn't say much to me other than something about repaying Joshua," Karin commented, drawing looks from the others. "Definitely interesting, I'd say."

"A straight way to pay him back?" Meredith asked, looking at her intently. "She was very vague with me."

"Same," Fortune agreed, looking intently at Karin.

"She said someone helped him grow plants for his spells so… I could help with that," she mumbled, drawing into herself. Weren't the others the same? Then again, everyone had different magics. Maybe it was different for her than for the others.

"Lucky," George grumbled from the side.

"Didn't you get to help with one of his projects?" Meredith asked, giving the man a glare.

"Yeah, and he did a full defensive set up over my family's place," Pickingill replied and everyone winced. Well, that was one way to be driven completely and utterly into debt with Davis, they supposed. At least Fortune and Karin merely had some favoritism in the man's classes. Between what George said, what Meredith had sort of shared and what Levi had told them about, the three of them were much more in trouble in comparison.

"Well, fortunately for you, it seems that Phenex has some ideas we might all be able to use… and benefit from, hopefully," Fortune commented wryly. "Which I'm not sure is good for us, since that'd mean still being in debt, but at least it'd be us doing something."

"We can hope," Pickingill said and they remained silent afterwards, waiting for Levi to join them so they could talk with all of them together.

[}-o-{]​

[Ravel Phenex]

She may or may not have been a little impulsive, she supposed.

Her family had needed a bit of an in with Davis though, and the deal Leviathan had struck with them in the magician's steed had been too good to pass up on. Not only would they get a more favorable standing in anything related to the Phoenix Spell, with someone closer to the whole thing and maybe able to sway the human's opinion a bit, but it was a known fact that Davis had a bit of a weak spot for children, evidenced by the Heiress of the West Youkai Faction and the Holy Priestess, among others. So, they'd jumped on the chance to improve a situation that really couldn't be worse without them doing something stupid.

And maybe, just maybe, Ravel had been happy about that.

It was no secret that she was a fan of Domino Mask as a character. She kind of had given that away very thoroughly during their first meeting. She wasn't a great fan of Leviathan's show until the appearance of the side character, but it was entertaining enough to pass the time with. There was a depressingly low amount of adequate ways for devils to spend their time, especially if one didn't enjoy Rating Games. After Domino Mask came into the picture? She hadn't missed a single chapter.

That wasn't quite enough for her to be fine being the man's assistant though, but she'd seen and learned enough of the man through… research to know that he wasn't that bad. Sure, it might not be her dream job or anything, but, as stated, House Phenex needed that. So, they'd take the chance to improve their situation regardless. It was just fortunate that Ravel was in a good position and had a positive enough outlook on it to be agreeable.

Somehow, the man in question was a lot better than his character in the series was though. Sure, Domino was confident and outspoken, but that could be obnoxious very quickly in real life. She'd seen a lot of those kinds of people.

The real Joshua Davis was almost the opposite, really. Withdrawn, unassuming, but still very much a force to be reckoned with. The more she saw of him, the more she was reassured that the position wasn't quite as bad as her father and brother had made it out to be.

So, what had been a somewhat forced but not terrible decision… was turning out to be quite good in Ravel's opinion. Her family might not agree, but she'd been working with Davis for a few days and she could confidently say that she was enjoying herself. Where she'd expected to run errands and do little else than keep track of a schedule, Ravel found herself instead having quite the power at the tip of her fingers.

Sure, she needed to run everything by Joshu- Davis, but he seemed to care very little and allow quite a lot so long as she stuck with his vague and rather lax rules. He seemed to just genuinely be… nice. He didn't pressure people. He didn't demand payments from people. He didn't seem to care for much of the debts he was owed either.

However, he seemed to allow Ravel quite the free reign over the latters. She just had to read his character right so that she wouldn't upset him by trying to organize favors and payments. Besides, it was actually enlightening to see how he dealt with people.

He did massive favors that thoroughly got people under his thumb. Then he all but refused to get paid for any of that, which got people more and more desperate to repay him. At most, he'd pull those strings later when he needed them and still pay for the services or whatever it was he asked. He even did so while completely overpaying, so that people somehow ended up in a worse position than before.

That way, none of the people Davis dealt with ever felt any resentment. It was difficult to be angry at someone when they were doing stuff for you for free and never really asking for anything back. If anything, it seemed like a very effective way to build goodwill with new people and Ravel was very eagerly taking notes of everything she saw.

It was very interesting and also… refreshing.

"Hey there, doing a good job so far, it seems," the man in question said, approaching her with a warm smile and seemingly just as warm cookies on a plate besides two cups of tea that he set on the table in front of her. Then he took one of the cups after taking a seat in front of her. "Hope it's not too much trouble. It was a bit much for me, but I don't know if that's because I'm just not built for that kind of stuff, or because there was a lot on my plate beside that, or maybe something else."

"I'm fine. Thank you, Mr. Davis," she replied respectfully. "And thank you for the refreshments too," she added, taking the cup offered to her. "It's been no trouble at all so far, I assure you."

It had actually all been kind of fun. She usually didn't get to do much with her family and even less so with her brother's peerage. Her mother and father dealt with the family matters and Yubelluna dealt with her brother's. She was actually looking forward to this job, especially after the peek she'd gotten on.

"I'm glad to hear that. And you can relax with me. You should have noticed that I don't care for formalities and such all that much," the man told her with an amused smile. "It makes me feel like there's something wrong when I see a kid be that serious."

"I'm not a kid, Mr. Davis. I'm your assistant," she said, glaring at the man, who in turn just laughed.

"And you are doing a great job. Doesn't mean you can't act like a kid though," he pointed out, shaking his head and running his fingers through his hair. "Well, I guess you are too grown up to like chocolate chip cooki-"

"I never said that," she interrupted, reaching for the tray that the man was about to pull away.

"Hm, that's what I thought."

Joshua Davis was… surprisingly deceptive, as it turned out.

Ravel would have to remember that.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Guys! Ravel is trying to take over the story! She took over another chapter, man. What the hell? And this entire chapter is more or less a single scene of House of Water class, which… Is a bit surprising.

Admittedly, I shouldn't be surprised anymore.

Why does this keep happening though? Why? Just… I… Have I done something to insult the Writing Gods or something? Did I somehow piss off the characters in some way?

Anyway, I hope you liked Ravel- I mean, the chapter. Yeah, that.

Random Question: What do you think Ravel is gonna do with the assortment of strings Joshua has at her- I mean, his disposal?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 186 others
Adrian King
Jul 30, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 134 - Told You That I’m Here to Stay
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#494
Told You That I'm Here to Stay

"Kunou, I'm trying to be patient here," he said, taking a deep breath in, rubbing his eyelids wearily. "But I'm really not getting why you dislike Ravel this much. So, please explain it to me or stop, because she's being a great help."

"I just… She's…" his daughter struggled for a moment and he had to hold back a grimace as he saw her grow distressed. Joshua wanted nothing else than to reassure her and let the matter go. Ravel wasn't even around that day, since things had more or less calmed down and he was very unlikely to need her help while tutoring Kunou, nevermind the fact that it was obvious that the little girl didn't like the Phenex.

"Kunou, relax," he told her then, doing his best to not fold like a house of cards. It was much harder than one would expect. He'd always had a weakness for upset children, unless they were acting spoiled. Kunou was acting spoiled, but he guessed the fact that she was his daughter let her bypass that, pretty much. "How does it go?"

"Close your eyes," she mumbled, doing exactly that. "Take a deep breath in and then let it out, relaxing your muscles," she continued, going a little fast, but she did seem to relax, which was the important part. "I'm sorry," she said then, looking down and fidgeting with her clothes.

"It's fine," he told her softly. "I do want to know what's going on, Kunou. This is not like you. You are usually much cuter."

"I'm always cute," she protested jokingly, if weakly.

"You are," he agreed with a smile. "So, what's going on?"

"I just… I don't want you to work more," she answered, making him blink. "You already work a lot, but now you have that devil to help you work more," she mumbled, looking down at her lap. "And I don't like her. She likes you too much."

Well… that certainly explained a few things. For one, she was worried that he'd end up doing as her mother had before, being too busy to spend enough time with her. For another, she was a little jealous of Ravel. Which made sense. She'd been jealous of Asia too, but the nun was too nice for anyone to be upset with her. Ravel was cute, but she wasn't quite at Asia's level, unfortunately.

Fortunately, Joshua didn't think this would be too much of a problem.

"... Ok, first of all," he started, picking the girl up and setting her on his lap. "She's not helping me so I can work more. It's so I can have a more organized schedule and work less," he explained, hugging her to his chest. "I'm trying to do too many things and I need someone to help me keep track of things," he continued while resting his chin on Kunou's head. "And even if I do work on a lot of things, I like to think I have been managing to make enough time for you in between everything. Am I wrong?"

"I would like to spend more time with you," Kunou mumbled, her voice barely above a whisper. "But it's fine. I know you are busy and you do make time for me everyday," she added. "I know I'm being greedy."

"Nothing wrong with that," he reassured with a smile, even if she couldn't see it. "I want to spend more time with you too. I think I can try to make more time."

Training wasn't getting as much results anymore, really. It was a rare day when he got a level in anything and the difference every level made wasn't quite as noticeable. Maybe he should focus on his many projects. At least those had a chance of leading to Quest rewards, which were much better at raising his stats.

'Might be because I'm well beyond what normal can ever dream to achieve,' he thought to himself. That wasn't to say that he was the best human in the world, of course. Vasco Strada would always be there to remind everyone what humans could achieve and to remind humans that there was always someone much higher up the hill. However, besides the man that could barely be called human anymore, Joshua didn't think there were many base humans or even Sacred Gear users that could say they were on the same level as him, let alone above.

"You can?" Kunou asked, trying and failing miserably at hiding how much she hoped that was the case. "It's fine if you can't-"

"Is that what you actually feel or is that you making excuses for me?" he asked, giving her pause. "I'm honest here. Do you think that? Because I'm sure you said it was fine when your mother wasn't making enough time for you and you were sad."

"... I think, um, the former?" she replied hesitantly.

"Hm, I'll make more time anyway. I think I can, and you are my daughter. Nothing is more important than you," he told her, seriously but softly. "So, if you ever feel like spending time, don't be shy, ok? Say the word and I'll drop anything that I can get away with."

"Ok," she mumbled.

"And as for this jealousy of yours," he commented with a smile. "Don't be silly, yeah? You are a smart kid. You have to know that nobody is going to be taking me away from you. You are my one and only priority."

"What about mom and Serafall?" she asked, but he could hear the slight smile on her face.

"They know that even they can't get in between you and me," he answered, smiling as Kunou pushed back against his chest as if trying to bury herself there. "If you ever wonder about or doubt that, remember what I told you," he said, pulling off his locket and showing it to her, opening it to show her picture in it. "You are my daughter, my family and there's nothing more important to me than my family. Alright?"

"Alright," she mumbled, getting a hold of the locket and starting to cycle through the pictures. "I'm sorry for being a brat."

"You are a kid, you are allowed to be a brat from time to time," he reassured, relaxing now that the issue was dealt with and just enjoying hugging Kunou. "If you are a brat too much I'll have to be a responsible parent and punish you though, so let's avoid that, alright?"

Kunou hummed an agreement, and that was that.

She was a smart cookie like that.

[}-o-{]​

Looking over his notebook, Joshua saw Raynare fighting Issei and it was… very ironic, he supposed. Both of them were so dramatically different from what he knew them to have been in another reality or whatever, that it wasn't even strange to see them sparring. At the same time, a corner of his mind couldn't help but bring up the difference and wonder how, exactly, things had gotten to that point.

He didn't dwell on those thoughts too much though. That way laid madness, after all. He didn't understand most people on a good day, even with all his sensing capabilities. He could pick up on how they felt in a determined moment, but understanding their minds, their thought processes? Yeah, no, that was way beyond him.

So, instead, he turned his attention back to his notes as he continued working.

He was taking a break from Project Awakening to clear his thoughts a bit. He was making progress there, but sometimes he needed to stop for a bit when he started getting nowhere due to frustration. That was one such instance, as he went over his notes on Project Intelligence instead.

That one set of spells aimed to make a magical Artificial Intelligence of sorts. He was fairly sure he could make it without too much trouble and what work he'd put into it seemed to confirm that. However, Joshua's main problem was avoiding a Skynet or Ultron situation. Magic was random enough that it could both help and work against him on that front at the same time.

Magic was a much more living thing than the "inert" sciences. It worked on whims and randomness, feelings and symbolism, as if it were a living being. Joshua would never forget what Nephthys had told him about magic loving him and how he'd felt what she meant about that when he channeled her. That was a little encouraging, but one never knew.

Intent was important, and theoretically Joshua's intent should stop whatever spell he ended up creating from backfiring on him. However, he wanted to make sure to cover his bases as best he could without limiting the thing in the process. It was hard, but it wasn't like he needed to get the Project done. It was why he was using it as a break instead of stressing over it like he did with Project Awakening.

There was also the fact that it was just an idea, like many of his other less pressing projects. Just because he'd thought of it didn't mean he had to pull it off, or that it was a good idea. If it came to it, Joshua supposed he could just put the project on the shelf until he felt like tackling it again or forever. It'd be cool to pull it off, for sure, but there was no need to take the risk that it meant, at least for the moment.

Idly looking up once more, he checked on the other spar going on, which was the other two fallen and his familiars. Or Nagini, more like, because his snake just loved bullying people in practice battles. The others did it because it was training, but they liked it about as much as Joshua himself did. Not Nagini though, she genuinely enjoyed fighting, for whatever reason.

Fortunately, Cheshire, Morag or Margalo seemed to be enough to keep her under control. His feline familiar was the one that did so the most, but the other two had to step in on occasion, usually when Cheshire wasn't around. Not that his other familiars needed to step in that much, but it was known to happen. He worried about what would happen when or if she evolved again, since she seemed to grow more and more like that with every instance.

"Can't focus?" Aika asked from his side, making Joshua turn towards her. "I know what that's like."

"I'm kind of relaxing here. Focusing isn't really a priority right now, so my mind kind of drifts off," he answered with a shrug. "How's that going? Still taking a break from magic studying?"

"Yes. There's a lot I need to know about being a magician, it seems," she mumbled, frowning as she went over the notebook Levi had given her. Apparently, there weren't that many books that explained common knowledge of the magician side of the world, so his Star student had written a quick "textbook" for Aika to study. The guy went above and beyond things, it seemed. Joshua took that as further proof that taking him as his "teaching representative" of sorts was a good idea.

Even Ravel seemed to be a fan of the idea, although not for the same reasons. She seemed to love the concept of passively earning influence through someone else without even having to spend favors or anything. After all, what he was doing was also considered as a favor to Levi too. It was an exhausting line of thought for Joshua, who didn't really even like to think like that.

He couldn't gather the influence necessary soon enough, if he was honest.

Fortunately, soon, the deal with the Phenex would be announced and then Joshua would have more than enough for what he needed. Then he could go back to being a semi-normal guy, even if people were bound to come looking for him more and more. With any luck, between Yasaka, Serafall and Ravel, the amount of work he'd have to do on that front would be little.

"Drifting indeed," Aika commented, to which he chuckled.

[}-o-{]​

He never thought it'd happen, but Joshua found himself very grateful for racism.

Why?

Because it meant that he barely had to say anything during the announcement of the Phoenix Spell to devil society. As it was, he'd barely had to participate when they'd been explaining the story that Serafall and Sirzechs had come up with some input from the Phenex as to how the spell came to be without saying that Joshua had made it from scratch and that he'd strong armed the Pillar House into submission. Well, Joshua was supposed to have participated, as far as the Phenex family was concerned, but he'd just let Serafall do that part for him, since she was the expert.

Officially, he'd worked together with the Pillar House on the spell to bring a much better service to devils everywhere and yet another resource for the House and devil society as a whole. They'd worked side by side almost since Joshua had joined the supernatural world, being introduced by Sairaorg. They'd also used fictional notes that other fictional magicians had worked on with the Phenex for a while before in a secret project of sorts.

That was the short of it, but there was a lot of narrative going on to make sure that the Phenex came out smelling… Well, not like roses, really, since there was no way to soften the hit of something that was basically a bloodline power of theirs getting cracked by a magician, even if they'd "helped". However, the whole thing basically made it so that they didn't come out smelling like shit either.

They wouldn't be looked down on, at least, which was a lot more than they could say for themselves otherwise, that was for sure. Basically, their perfect reputation as a very strong House would get a slight blemish, but it wasn't like they were becoming a mockery. There'd just be some whispering behind their backs, but that was almost nothing.

After all, nobody would want to antagonize them for the same reasons as before. They'd still be one of the richest families, if not the richest. Everyone would still need to go through them to get access to the very much coveted Phoenix Tears. It was just that to those latter ones there'd be the addition of the Phoenix Spells.

If anything, people would have less reasons to antagonize them. All for the slight price of people thinking a little less of them for giving up some of their bloodline privileges. As far as Joshua was concerned, it shouldn't even have been that big a deal, but the Phenex obviously disagreed. Ultimately, other people had different priorities and that was just how the world worked.

Joshua didn't really care.

He just wanted the event to be over. He was getting a little anxious standing there on the stage with the audience of devils very much not liking him. The good thing was that what he had to say was pretty much scripted and other than that he just had to stand there and let the devils talk. Others might have taken that as insulting or something of the sort, but he was just glad not to have to talk more in front of an audience. He didn't have stage fright per se but his socially awkward ass couldn't handle talking in front of that many people for long periods of time.

His social battery had been depleted almost as soon as he stepped on the thing.

Thus, Joshua was doing his best to keep his mind distracted while also being mindful of the setting. His mind continued going over projects whenever he started getting anxious or restless. It didn't really help him calm down, but it helped channel that energy into something else instead of messing up. Like getting angry and going to punch stuff, he supposed.

Eventually, the main event was finished and what followed was some sort of… He wasn't even sure what the name was. Party? Dinner? Gala? Ball? Whatever it was, there were tables to one side, open space to another and there was staff going around with snacks and drinks. Party fit it well enough, he supposed, but that sounded too… peasant for what was going on around him.

Joshua wasn't a party person by any means, as one could very easily guess.

With that in mind, he stuck to appearing to be busy, like he had at any social event that he hadn't been able to weasel himself out of with his relatives and such. He talked with Sairaorg, the Phenex – mainly Ravel –, Sona, Rias, Sirzechs and Serafall. Unfortunately for those latter two were on demand that night, which meant that he couldn't do that much.

"Josh," Serafall's voice called to him, making him blink. After all, she was across the room from him talking with a family of devils that he didn't even know. Turning with a tilt of his head, he saw Sona there, which made him blink again. Mainly because she was giving him a very non-Sona smile.

With a frown, he turned to look at where Serafall was and… she had a very non-Serafall expression too.

"Neat trick," he commented to "Sona".

"I know, right? I pulled a small favor," she commented, settling next to him. Her voice had changed to match her appearance now. "Sona practically jumped at the chance to be professional in my stead," she added, making him smile.

"I bet she did."

"So, that went well," she said happily. "Better than I expected, at least. The whole thing, I mean. The Phenex played ball well enough, the audience reacted as well as could be reasonably expected and nobody seems to be quietly plotting your murder."

"I feel like that last one might be a little wishful thinking," he commented wryly. "But yeah, gotta love when plans go smoothly. I'd have been kind of annoyed if we went through all that just for everything to go to shit."

"Mhm, I told you to trust me. I didn't get this job by improvising once things went badly… Well, not completely because of that."

"Very reassuring," he said flatly, getting a giggle from the "girl" beside him. It was kind of awkward to be talking to Sona like he did Serafall, admittedly. However, he almost couldn't see her as Sona, really. She was acting nothing like her at all, so… yeah. He was stuck in a strange in-between spot, he supposed. "Is this gonna take long?"

"Probably a bit, yeah," Serafall answered, making him sigh. She patted his arm comfortingly at that. "I'll keep you company, ok? At least as much as I can without making things awkward for So-tan. I'll switch back to being myself when that happens and I'll come back to you then."

"You'll literally be my lifeline here, I want you to know," he mumbled, taking a sip from the champagne that he'd been offered. It tasted better than any other he might have tried before, which he supposed was due to it either being a super expensive batch or magical in nature. Probably both, if he had to bet. He wasn't a fan of champagne, really, but he'd have felt even worse if he didn't have something in his hand to fidget with. "I hate social settings."

"I know," she said with a sad smile. "I'm sorry."

"Nothing to be sorry about. I got myself into this mess by trying to be nice. I'll just be extra whiny until this is over," he replied, waving off her apology. He wasn't even sure why she was apologizing. Maybe he was rubbing off on her and so she felt guilty for things that weren't her fault? It could be the case, he guessed. "Just don't leave me alone for too long, ok? I'm liable to feel like shit. Especially if someone I don't know approaches me."

"Good, because I don't like the look on some of these devils' eyes," Serafall commented and he could almost hear the pout on her face when she said that. It made him frown, not understanding what she was talking about. That is, until his eyes scanned the room and he caught some female devils looking his way with… particular expressions.

"Surely they don't-"

"Oh, but they do," Serafall confirmed, her voice still the same as before. Joshua, for his part, just sighed. "Poor Josh, too popular for his own good."

"I should have stayed a normal magician and holed up in my place forever," he mumbled, taking another sip from his drink. "This bullshit almost isn't worth it."

"Almost?"

"Well, I did get to meet you because of all this," he answered with a slight smile, even if it felt a little weary because of the toll the whole thing was taking on him. "I met a lot of people that I really appreciate, so it's not all bad. Too much socializing for my awkward ass though."

"You say the sweetest things, Josh," she gushed and if that were a normal situation, he was sure she'd have hugged him… and maybe done some other things. Alas, it was not to be.

Instead, they remained where they were, talking, drinking, picking up a snack here and there. It was probably the best time Joshua had ever had when surrounded by so many people. Granted, Serafall had to leave a few times, without even being able to come back as herself or Sona again for a bit, but at those times Sairaorg was there to help him out like the absolute bro he was. Joshua would have to do something nice for him… other than continuing to help his mother, that is.

"Thanks, man," he mumbled, getting a chuckle from the Bael.

"Don't mention it, Joshua. This is basically nothing," the devil waved off, grinning. "If anything, I appreciate the chance to slip away from the rest of this lot, honestly. Most of them would have spit in my direction before I got as strong as I did, since I didn't inherit the Power of Destruction."

"That's because they are idiots."

"You won't find me complaining, Joshua. I can tell you that," his friend replied with a smile. "I guess we are similar that way. Just that you are just now proving to everyone who you are. In some time, they'll be too scared to say anything even behind your back, probably."

"Well, I'll help you make sure that happens for you too, if I have any say in the matter," Joshua said.

"And I appreciate that… Unfortunately for me-"

"You do have to talk with some of these people. Yes, I heard you the other two times, man," Joshua finished for him. "Thanks again."

"I'll come back as soon as I can… if I see you alone that is."

"And I'll be forever thankful for that," Joshua replied, waving him off. As it was, he was already feeling guilty for bothering others to keep him company. If they started feeling guilty for leaving him, then that just made everything worse.

Funny how that worked.

"Joshua Davis," a voice said, and he almost tensed up because it was one that he didn't recognize. Turning, he had to hold back that reaction again for completely different reasons. After all, there was no way he wouldn't recognize the person in front of him, with his black hair and purple eyes.

Especially considering the fact that he looked very similar to the person that had just left his side.

The man nodded, looking to the world like nothing was wrong or weird as he picked a glass of champagne himself and took the last few steps so they stood close enough that nobody would have any doubts they were talking to each other. Joshua was really wishing that he could have gone back home already. Dealing with this person in particular was about the last thing he wanted to do that night… or ever, really.

"Zekram Bael," he greeted with a nod, doing his best to sound calm.

"I think the two of us have much to talk about, don't you?"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well well well, just when you think things go smoothly… I know I say this a lot, but I have to keep doing it, otherwise people might misunderstand. When I started writing this last scene, Zekram was nowhere in the plans. Somehow, my characters have thrown another curve ball my way, because of course they have.

I'm not even surprised anymore.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any idea what Zekram might want with our boy, Joshua?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 171 others
Adrian King
Jul 30, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 135 - Nothing’s Getting in My Way
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#497
Nothing's Getting in My Way

"Quite the accomplishment, what you've done, Mr. Davis," Bael said while Joshua did his best to calm his mind. It wasn't that he was scared of the man though, even if he was, a little bit. It was more that he wasn't ready for that meeting. After all, there wasn't much to fear right that very moment.

Bael couldn't do anything to him then and there. Not with basically all of devil high society around, especially the Satans. He might be a great power in devil politics, but that didn't mean he could do whatever he felt like doing. Furthermore, Joshua was the key for a spell that the devils would desperately want to keep, so he was too valuable to do much for the moment.

Besides, Joshua could almost feel the Egyptian Pantheon as a whole looking over his shoulder too, so that was also reasuring.

He wondered if Zekram could feel that.

"Thank you," he replied with a slight smile. "There was quite a bit of work before I even appeared though," he added, to stick to the story that had been crafted for the whole thing.

"We both know that's not the case," Bael said, casually, as if it weren't a big deal to point that out. "Sitri and Gremory do good work, as usual," he added, his eyes darting towards Serafall and Sirzechs. "Ultimately, I've been around for too long to fall for that kind of storytelling. No devil would sell their bloodline like that, especially not the Phenex, least of all while working with a human. Oh, excuse me, humans," the devil continued explaining, giving him an amused expression.

"I'm sure I have no idea what you are talking about," Joshua droned. Sure, he knew that there was no way he'd convince the devil of anything, but he didn't feel like trying either. Let him think whatever he wanted. Trying to continue selling the lie would just make it more evident anyway.

"I'm not here to talk about that anyway, not really," Zekram continued, not even looking at him, at least at that very moment. Instead, the man seemed more interested in letting his eyes scan their surroundings. That is, until a moment later, when his purple eyes moved to lock with Joshua's blue eyes. "No, I'm just here to… assess this new piece on the board, you could say," Bael admitted easily. "You are causing ripples everywhere in the world, Davis, and now you've done so in devil society. Rather scandalously at that. Can't quite ignore you now, can I?"

"I guess not," he replied, conceding the point and wondering what the devil was there to tell him. Maybe threaten him off from what was more or less his territory, even if he shared it with the New Satans… and the Old Satan faction, in a way. Or maybe he was there to try and do a recruitment speech? Hell, it could be neither of those or maybe both, who knew?

"I was here when Ambrosius caused similar waves, Davis," Zekram told him, staring rather intently at him. Joshua wished he'd go back to just talking to him while seeming more interested in other things. "And he was nothing like you. No, it took years for him to do the things he did. You? You've been around for so little and yet done so much… You are someone to keep an eye on, evidently."

"I'll take that as a compliment," he replied, because it really was the case. It wasn't every day that someone like Zekram Bael told you that you were a better magician than Merlin. "I feel like you are leading somewhere though."

"Not really, no," Bael said with a mirthful smile. "Just letting you know that actions have consequences. Now the world is looking at you, Davis. And if I'm not completely wrong about you – Which doesn't happen often, let me tell you. –, then you don't seem like the kind of man to appreciate that. I hope it was worth it."

"Hm, I hope so too," Joshua replied.

"I guess you could say that I'm also here to get a better read of you. I don't think I have anything to worry about in regards to you," Bael continued, seemingly pleased with whatever he was learning about Joshua during the one-sided conversation. "Which is good. I'm not the kind of man you want to have as your enemy," he added and there it was. That was the kind of thing Joshua had expected.

In response, he shot the devil a smile. It was small, but there was no hesitance, no nervousness. No, he was simply amused to have been proven correct. And he was also amused because he was trying to fight bigger, meaner, more scary things than Zekram Bael. After all, Trihexa loomed over the distance, ever so present in Joshua's mind and pushing him forward.

The Great King looked almost cute in comparison.

"I'm not the kind of man you want as your enemy either," he commented, and Zekram seemed about as amused as Joshua himself felt.

"Oh, and why'd that be?"

"The peerage system is weird," Joshua answered with, out of the blue. To his credit, Bael didn't react in confusion, simply waiting for him to explain himself. "The pieces, more precisely. Because a chess set isn't complete without the king piece, isn't it?" he asked, and he saw the shift in the man's eyes. Everything else remained the same, calm and relaxed. Those purple eyes might as well have turned into sharp gem daggers, however.

"There's always been rumors of king pieces-"

"Indeed there are," Joshua interrupted, his smile tugging into something just as sharp as Bael's eyes. "I see a lot, Zekram Bael, and my spells see even more."

There was silence following that statement as the two stared at one another. He wondered if Bael was plotting his death now, or maybe something worse? Ultimately, the devil still couldn't do anything then and there.

"So, no, I'm not a man you want as your enemy either," Joshua continued, taking a sip from his drink. "I don't care for your games and your politics, Bael. I really don't. I think both of us will be all the happier if we stay out of each other's way."

"Hm, you prove to be even more interesting than I first thought, Davis," Zekram commented, more thoughtful than anything else, still looking like he wanted to dismantle him with his eyes. He had to wonder though, was that because the devil wanted him dead or because he wanted to understand him? Maybe both, he supposed. "Yes, just when I think the world is settling back to a new normal, more waves come to change the landscape. It'd be amusing if it weren't so infuriating."

"Sorry for the inconvenience."

"Alas, that's just how things work, I guess," Bael said with a shake of his head. "Ultimately, I think you might be right, Davis. For now, at least. Do be careful what you do, because you are not as untouchable as you think you are."

"I'm aware of that," he replied with a self-deprecating smile. "At the same time, I'm more untouchable than you think I am," he added, drawing a chuckle from the devil.

"And that just might be the truth," Bael admitted. "Truly, what an interesting piece my descendant has brought to the board. Yet another one that keeps on proving to be more than meets the eye. Regardless, I think I've taken enough of your time, Mr. Davis. Do remember that I have my eyes on you."

"I don't think I could forget," he replied truthfully as the devil turned to leave, chuckling.

Once the devil was far enough, Joshua allowed himself to relax, not quite sighing in relief even if he wanted to. He knew there were eyes on him at all times, after all. It was like all the parties he'd been to, but worse because this time he knew it was true and not just his general social anxiety. 'This party really can't be over soon enough.'

"Nothing bad happened, I hope?" Serafall asked, appearing beside him. As herself too, thankfully. It'd make things less awkward and that meant that he could take more comfort in her presence. Maybe she'd done that on purpose.

"No, I don't think so," he answered, keeping an uneasy smile off his face. "Just… testing the waters, I guess. I think we'll stay away from each other, at least for now," he explained, running his fingers through his hair to try and calm himself a little.

"Good. Zekram Bael is dangerous, Joshua," she told him unnecessarily and not even for the first time. She'd warned him about plenty of people in preparation for that party, after all. "I'm sure I don't have to explain that to you again though."

"No, you don't," he agreed with a nod. "We can talk about that later though."

"Indeed we can," she replied with a grin. "It's a good thing we are announcing our relationship soon," she added, making him blink before he felt the illusion cast around them. That kind of explained why she was being so open about that in the middle of that crowd. "Otherwise you'd probably have to deal with many devil ladies coming your way."

"Good thing indeed," he said with a grimace. "Please tell me we aren't going to do a stuffy announcement like this one."

"I don't know…"

"Sera," he all but whined.

"I guess we can skip that," she said, much to his relief. "Aren't I nice?"

"You sure are," he replied with a smile. "I'm really not made for this kind of… setting," he commented unnecessarily. He felt kind of whiny continuing to point that out, but he also felt like he really wasn't getting his point completely across with just words. "I promise I'll make it up to you."

"Hm, I can think of several ways you can manage that," she said with a smile that… Very much took Joshua's mind away from the current uncomfortable setting. "For now, I'm afraid we are stuck here."

"Isn't that just a shame."

"Yes, yes it is," she agreed with a giggle. "Something to look forward to, am I right?"

"Indeed," he answered, smiling.

"Hm, I guess we could get started with the not-announcement now," she added then, making him blink. "Me interacting a little more than would be normal with you could get things started. Not like there aren't enough rumors with how much work you give me and you being in my show."

"Eh… You are the expert in this kind of thing. I'll just follow your lead, if it's all the same to you."

"So, does that mean we can do an announcement par-"

"No," he denied swiftly. Because he'd follow her lead, so long as it didn't make him want to hide in a hole for an entire year afterwards. That party was already bad enough for him and he'd need plenty of time to recover as it was.

"Fine, be that way. I guess we can just have a good time and have people see us," Serafall commented, apparently a little amused. "We could even leave together. That'll really bring attention to things."

"You are having fun."

"It'll be amusing to mess with their heads a little for being nosy people," she added, and he shook his head. At least that was better than a stuffy announcement. He'd take what he could. "... You think there'd be a ruckus if we kiss before teleporting away?"

"... Probably," he answered, half amused and half exasperated. It seemed that now Serafall was in a more playful mood than usual, which was saying something. "Well, considering how you are feeling now, I have an idea to run by you."

"Do tell," she urged him, eyes wide with excitement.

From there, they just continued talking, while trying to pass the time. Serafall seemed to be on board with his idea, but he'd run it by Yasaka all the same. His devil partner probably would agree to a lot more than his youkai one would, he was pretty sure.

Fortunately for Joshua, there weren't any other encounters like the one with Bael after that. Things went back to how they had been before, with just familiar and friendly people. At least when he wasn't talking with the Phenex. They weren't that bad, sure, mainly because they had to keep appearances when surrounded by people and they didn't seem to have access to whatever illusion expert Serafall had asked to help her out, but Joshua would still rather not be around them.

Better than the rest of people, at least.

Unfortunately, Joshua couldn't quite avoid the rest of devils around entirely. Fortunately, whenever he had to interact with one of them, he had Serafall or Sirzechs by his side to play intermediary. It didn't even make things awkward for them or the rest of devils, because they had to have the presence of the Satans of foreign affairs or domestic affairs around. After all, Joshua was a known, important and rising figure in the supernatural world. Being the Egyptian Pantheon representative and an "ally" of the Phenex family was paying off, it seemed.

He could have done without the subtle – and sometimes not so subtle – flirting from some of the female devils though. Some of those weren't even single. Some of those went ahead with their partners there. Safe to say that Joshua was feeling more awkward than he already was by just being in that party, which was saying something.

He almost preferred dealing with the males and other side of the female devil population. At least those were just threatening him or trying to get in his good graces, sometimes even both. That was a lot more manageable, in his honest opinion. Those at least made sense to him and didn't trigger his social awkwardness as much, if at all.

Joshua still would rather be back home spell tinkering though.

[}-o-{]​

"Are you feeling better, dad?" Kunou asked from behind him, making him chuckle. His daughter was rather adorably trying to massage his shoulders and back, even though she clearly had no idea what she was doing. Although, the attempt was enough to make him feel better after the devil party he'd had to get through.

It also helped that sometimes she'd press in a spot that tickled.

"Yeah, thank you, Kunou. You are the best," he answered, making her giggle happily. Yes, this was much better than stupid stuffy announcement party thingy. He couldn't fathom how anyone was able to enjoy such things, and not only because of the social aspect that he was most definitely not a fan of. On top of that, Joshua just didn't get how they could put up with all the manipulation and so on that went on there. He found it tiring just knowing that it happened, let alone participating.

"I know," the girl replied, apparently having a good time kneading his back muscles randomly. "I hope I'm not like you during official parties," she added, sounding very amused.

"You are much better than me when it comes to dealing with people, I think. You probably don't have to worry," he reassured her, cracking his neck.

"You probably should get used to it," Yasaka told him then, drinking from her cup of tea. "Not only are you in a relationship with Serafall and me, but you are also the representative of a whole Pantheon."

"Don't remind me," he groaned. "Can I take that back?"

"Your relationship with us?" Yasaka asked in response, smiling amusedly at him when he gave her an unimpressed look. He was kind of glad to see her joking about that, but he did wonder if she might actually have worries about that. It wouldn't surprise him.

"Ha. Ha," he replied with. "But no, not what I meant," he added, for good measure.

"Well, on the bright side, you have us and little Phenex to deal with most of it, right?" the woman commented, which was actually very reassuring. It wouldn't make the events any less awful to get through, but at least he wouldn't have to worry about actually dealing with the mess that they represented. "And now that we can be more open about our relationship, we can keep you company while at such parties, right?"

"I'll help!" Kunou chimed in, making him smile.

"Very true. That should make them much more bearable," he replied, running his fingers through his hair. "I guess I'll have to come up with ways to repay you for the help then."

"Ice cream and show," Kunou said instantly.

"I'm sure you can come up with something," Yasaka added with a soft laugh.

"Speaking of repaying, I guess I'll have to pay for this massage."

"Naturally," Yasaka agreed with a sage nod despite the silly topic. Joshua didn't even need to look at Kunou behind him to see that she was grinning excitedly and bouncing up and down. "Now, what could I possibly do-"

"Ice cream and show!"

"-to pay for it, I wonder," he finished, completely ignoring the interruption.

"Dad!"

"It's a difficult matter, but I'm sure I can come up with something."

"Dad!"

"Give me a minute, I'm sure- Hey!" he protested with a chuckle when Kunou poked him with her finger. "That wasn't very nice."

"Your face isn't very nice," she grumbled at him.

"Kunou," Yasaka said in that warning voice that all mothers were capable of. It made the poor child turn her eyes towards her, betrayed. Evidently, their daughter thought she was fully justified… which she kind of was. "You gotta poke him harder than that."

"Hey, you can't gang up on me like that. That's not fair!"

"Your face is not fair!" Kunou said, no longer angry, judging by the way she giggled as she poked him again. Then she squealed when he turned things on her, twisting and bringing her into a hug before starting to tickle her.

"Oh, you thought I'd just sit there and take that, young lady?" he asked while she giggled and squealed some more in his arms. "You've got another thing coming then."

"... Joshua," Yasaka after a long moment, making him stop. Kunou didn't even have the strength to protest anymore, simply trying to recover her breath from all the laughing.

"Yes, dear?" he asked, making the youkai leader smile a little wider and the smallest amount of pink to dust her cheeks. He took that as a huge victory, personally.

"Serafall mentioned that you had something to discuss with me?" she commented, to which he grinned wider, catching her attention. "I have a feeling this will either be good or annoying."

"Hey, it could be both," he pointed out, making Yasaka raise an eyebrow at him.

[}-o-{]​

[Nurarihyon]

He was nervous.

He'd just got done with a meeting in which he learned something very concerning.

That being the fact that Yasaka's pet magician was turning out to be more of a monster than a puppy, for one. When it had all started, all they had known was that Joshua Davis had been there helping Nurarihyon's western counterpart with her defenses. Personally, the East Youkai Faction leader didn't think things were quite that desperate for Yasaka to make a call like that, but if the woman had one weak spot, it was her daughter.

From there, there had been some dubious rumors about the magician taking on a Longinus and stalling another, but crazy tales like that were common in the supernatural world. Nurarihyon had his own people look into things and there was no way some normal human could pull that off in less than a year, especially when the Sacred Gear users were terrorists. No, chances were that Yasaka had taken care of that herself and then dumped the credit on the no-name magician to pull some heat away from her. At best, the human had been somewhat involved in the matter, he supposed.

That was, until very recently. Nurarihyon had started getting more and more news from all sorts of sources. It had started slowly with the magician side of the supernatural world, but it had grown exponentially as of late. Yasaka and House of Water doubling down on things wasn't a surprise, but the Church? Heaven? Grigori? Even the Egyptians had come out of whatever hole they had been in to back the human.

And now, the man had somehow cracked the Phenex Pillar's Power of Immortality into a spell.

There was no way those were empty words, because if they were, then it wouldn't be the devils themselves that spread the news. Furthermore, House of Phenex would have already burned everything related to Davis in retaliation. Instead, they were singing the man's praises. Nurarihyon didn't know what was up with that, but he knew that the rumors were true, probably all of them, if Davis could pull that off.

So, he'd have to reconsider much, not only in regards to his opinion of the human, but also Yasaka. She seemed to have found a true diamond in the rough and she'd wasted absolutely no time getting her paws on him. Now, Nurarihyon had to take that into account when dealing with her. Furthermore, considering the recent small incident with one of the teachers he'd provided for young Kunou…

Well, he was a little nervous.

Something to ponder on, he mused as he entered his office.

That is, until he saw something that made him pause.

"Hey there," said a man, sitting on his chair behind his desk. "I was waiting for you. Nurarihyon, right?"

"I don't know how you got in here," he said, his voice calm. He wasn't a faction leader because he got easily surprised, after all. "But it won't matter after-" he was interrupted, however, when he felt the strong force of defenses falling on his shoulders.

His defenses.

The spells, the guardians that had been watching over Kanto for as long as Nurarihyon remembered were now staring at him. Presences that had reassured him once were now threatening him. Barriers that had protected him once were now caging him.

How in the world…?

"You sure it doesn't matter?" the man – a human, he noticed – asked, raising an eyebrow. "One would think a faction such as yours would care more for their own defenses. It was laughably easy to get in here, I have to say. Getting control over everything was a little more tricky though, I'll give you that."

"Who are you?" he asked, eyes narrowed as he prepared to use the full might of the power bestowed upon him by his pantheon.

"Joshua Davis," the human answered, making his eyes widen. The man seemed unconcerned by Nurarihyon or what he was doing, leaning back on the chair he was sitting on and regarding him, almost bored. "I'm just here to have a quick chat, nothing else."

"You think you can just come here and treat me and my place like this?"

"Yes, I think I can," Davis answered calmly. "Because it wouldn't look very good on you, right? To admit that a simple human such as myself can just break into your place like this and turn your stronghold against you, right?" the man asked him calmly, almost amusedly. "Besides, I literally won't do anything other than talk with you, so… That'd probably make you look even worse."

"... And what, pray tell, do you have to say to me?" Nurarihyon asked slowly, eyes still narrowed as he tried to consider his options.

"Just that you should watch what you do and say from now on. I'm courting Yasaka," the human said. It was a good thing that him being there and completely turning his defenses against him was very shocking, because it made Nurarihyon take those news that much easier. "I've unofficially adopted Kunou too. This will all come out soon enough, probably without much fanfare. I just thought I'd give you a heads-up… and a chance while I was at it."

"A chance?"

"That teacher you sent for Kunou messed up," Davis told him and Nurarihyon was put under an entirely different sort of pressure, fixed under the stare of blue eyes as sharp as ice shards. "Yasaka says I shouldn't burn your whole place down to the ground, something about that being a bit too much."

Feeling his own wards shifting around him, Nurarihyon didn't think it'd be wise to question that claim.

"So, do the smart thing. I'm sure you are capable of that, if you are a faction leader. Yasaka seems to think so," the human told him, standing up and walking around the desk towards him. "That's all I really had to say," he added as he approached Nurarihyon and extended his hand with a piece of paper in it. When he warily took it, the human grinned. "My number, in case you wanna improve your defenses here. They suck."

And then, as if he'd never been there, the human teleported away, leaving only a terrified faction leader and a card behind.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

So… that happened, both thats happened, I guess. On the one side, we have Zekram Bael and on the other Nurarihyon. Fun stuff, both of those meetings. One of those more… Actually, I was going to say one of those was more impactful, because Zekram is more of a name in DxD than Nurarihyon, but then again, the latter's scene is quite something, I think…

Wonder what you guys think on the matter, actually.

Regardless, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: As I said, I'm now wondering. Which scene did you like the most (or at all? *nervous chuckle*) and why?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 203 others
Adrian King
Jul 31, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 136 - Shooting for the Stars
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#500
Shooting for the Stars

Teleporting back, Joshua deflated a little, looking at the expectant Serafall and Yasaka. Well, the former looked expectant while the latter acted like she wasn't. She couldn't fool him though. Admittedly, she probably wasn't trying very hard, but still.

Welp, those screens that had popped up would have to wait, it seemed.

"How did it go?" asked Serafall impatiently, vibrating on her seat. "Did he go all…?" she added then, mimicking a very exaggerated surprised expression.

"Sadly, no," he answered, a little amused. Leave it to Serafall to put a smile on his face in no time at all. "He was sweating by the end of things though. I think I might have scared him a lil' bit."

"I wonder why," Yasaka commented sarcastically.

"I know, right?" he asked, as if the tone had flown over his head. "I was just there for a chat. Talk about being rude," he added, shaking his head and clicking his tongue. "I'm very glad that it was you that I got into contact with, let me tell you that. Much more friendly."

"Among other things, am I right?"

"Yep," he admitted easily after Serafall's question.

"It went well, then?" Yasaka asked, growing exasperated, if fondly. "You didn't do anything other than what I told you?"

"Nope, stuck to my script like I was in Serafall's show," he answered with a grin that made Yasaka give him a look. Admittedly, that wasn't very reassuring, he supposed, since he tended to improvise a bit on set at times. Mostly to follow up on Serafall's own improvisation, but still.

"Joshua…"

"It was fine, and like you said the other day, it doesn't matter. If he gets prissy, I'll just have to give some nice wards to a few people here and there and everyone will be happy," he waved off, moving to get himself a cup of tea. "Either of you want a drink?"

"Don't mind if I do~" Serafall answered promptly, which was not surprising. He didn't even have to ask her what she'd want, by that point. Neither did he with Yasaka, when she nodded a second later.

"I shouldn't have told you about what I thought regarding Nurarihyon and his people's opinions," his youkai partner said with a sigh, shaking her head. She really shouldn't. "You can't go and threaten everyone that is remotely mean to me, Joshua."

"You sure about that?" he asked, turning to give her a half-smile and a raised eyebrow. To the side Serafall giggled. "Because from where I'm standing, it looks like I can."

"This one, maybe," she replied, adding the last part with emphasis. "But what next time?"

"Eh, I'll probably be stronger next time. And if I'm not strong enough, I'll just have to hole up and come up with some spells. If that's not enough, I'll just truly pull some strings," he answered with a shrug. Sure, he'd pulled some of those to get his reputation up a fair bit, but that was relatively small all things considered. Not the effect, but what was needed of the people he asked. After all, none of them had to lie or anything. It was just getting word out there of things Joshua had done and what he was capable of instead of leaving it unsaid as before.

"Joshua," Yasaka sighed.

"Don't worry so much, Yasaka," Serafall told the other woman with wave of her hand. "After all, he has the two of us here to stop him from doing anything truly stupid."

"Like I could stop him now?" the youkai asked with an unimpressed look.

"Sort of," the devil replied, not at all bothered by the sort-of glare that was directed her way. "I mean, don't tell me you actually tried to stop him, because if that was you trying… wow."

Yasaka's eye twitched.

"Here we go," Joshua intervened then, passing them their drinks. "Now, to prepare some snacks."

"You are the best, Josh~"

"I know," he replied jokingly. "And don't worry, Yasaka. Serafall is right. If you really don't want me to do something, just say so. You two are the ones I trust the most to help me not do anything stupid. You have to admit that you weren't trying that hard."

"I… guess you are right," she admitted then, sighing and looking down at the cup in her hands. "I know you are both right. I'm just afraid that I might have let my anger and frustration decide my actions. Or your actions, more like."

"Serafall doesn't seem to have a problem with it," he pointed out. "She might be a silly thing, but she knows her stuff."

"I don't know if to be angry or happy with that," the devil said then, narrowing her eyes at him. In response, Joshua just smiled. "You are lucky you are cute."

"I guess you are right," Yasaka admitted with a somewhat relieved and somewhat amused smile. "Doesn't mean I'm happy with you doing that though."

"Hm, if you say so."

"I'm serious, Joshua."

"Sure you are."

"Serafall!"

"Let's all have some snacks and calm down, yeah?" Joshua commented, setting down a tray.

"Nice try," Yasaka said, but still picked up one of the treats. "You are not off the hook yet."

"Not even if I let you do a stuffy announcement?"

"Not even then."

"Oh well, I'll survive, probably," he said with a chuckle. "I do have something in mind that will probably get you to forgive me," he added, taking a seat and a sip from his tea.

"Oh, do tell?"

"Well, you see, I have this project I've been working on for a while," he started with and both women turned to look at him with interest. "I think I might be making progress with it," he added, looking straight at Yasaka, which made her narrow her eyes in suspicion. Serafall, meanwhile, looked curiously between the two of them.

"Come on, Josh, you can't leave us in suspense like that?"

"Sure can," he replied with a grin. "You taught me a lot about cliffhangers, after all."

"Oh, did she?" Yasaka asked, turning her annoyed gaze towards the Satan, who in turn giggled nervously.

[}-o-{]​

It took a bit, but Joshua eventually had a moment to check the screens that had popped up after he came back. Not that he'd been rushing to see them, but Yasaka and Serafall were busy people. Everyone else in his life was already occupied too, so he just made his way to his study, like he usually did when he had some free time.

Morag clung to his back, occasionally poking and pulling on his hair affectionately. At times, he wondered if she was trying to style it, but she seemed to more or less return it to normal after a bit. Maybe she was just entertaining herself, he supposed.

'Either way…' he mused, pulling the chair on his desk back and sitting down. 'What did I get this time?' he wondered, bringing the screens into view now that he was in a good setting to check them. Idly, he petted Morag's body when she shifted her position to his lap, since his back was resting against the back of the seat.

[Quest Complete: Break through and take control of the East Youkai Faction's defenses.

Rewards:

+Perk Update: Bane of Legends

+10 to all Stats

+10 to Magic

+10 levels to Hex Magic

+10 levels to Boon Magic

+10 levels to Ward M#-]

[Quest Complete: Max o#-]

Joshua blinked at that, considering that the screen had barely managed to flash in front of him before glitching out. 'Wards is maxed, right? That's what the Quest was about, what's there to glitch ov-' He didn't get to finish the thought though, considering a new screen appeared once more.

[Quest Complete: Max out Ward Magic at a level higher than naturally possible.

Rewards:

+Perk Unlocked: Territorial Imperative

+Title UpdateD: WaRd mA#$&

+Title Updated: Ward Authority]

'Game has really been struggling a lot when it's big notification time,' Joshua noted to himself, mildly curious about what that was about. He noted some changes in himself, but there was nothing to be concerned over, thankfully. Just the boost from the rewards and nothing else. The last thing he needed was to deal with his system crashing and causing problems.

That'd suck.

'Now, about these rewards?' he thought then, calling for the respective screens. 'They sound pretty good.'

'The higher than possible might be the reason it kind of got stuck? That's because of the blessings,' Joshua mused, leaning back. Then he frowned, as something occurred to him. 'But why would the system struggle when the gods got involved? I thought Systems were supposed to be pretty much immune to anything. The strongest thing in a setting, sort of.'

Then again, that was hardly the first time he got a "clue" that his system was different from the usual thing he'd read about back in his old life.

'Doesn't matter right now,' he told himself, shaking his head. 'I might look into that later. For now…' he decided. With a tilt of his head, he summoned the screens that'd let him appreciate the changes.

[Joshua Davis

Title: The Professor

Race: Human

Strength: 242

Speed: 234

Dexterity: 234

Vitality: 256

Perception: 233

Magic: 301

Life: 218]

'That's… Still A+ rank, but it's progress. Wonder how much I need to step into S territory,' Joshua mused as he went over the numbers. All his stats had stepped into the A+ range, actually, except for Life, which was just A. Not that the numbers or ranks had ever meant much, but it was always neat to see his own progress in numbers.

It was some kind of relief.

Like seeing the progress bar when installing something on a computer. It was much better to see it going up slowly than seeing it stuck for a while and then making a lot of progress all at once. It told him that he was getting better, instead of leaving him with the uncertainty.

'Next thing on the list… Bane of Legends just increased the numbers which is great, but I'm still not too sure what constitutes as a Legend, admittedly,' Joshua thought before shrugging. 'And after that…'

[Territorial Imperative

Increases all stats by 100% when inside a heavily Warded area.

Increases all skill effects by 100% when inside a heavily Warded area.]

'Well,' he thought, his eyes growing wide. 'Now that's certainly a great Perk… What counts as a heavily Warded area though? Is it only my wards? Anyone's? How heavily?' he wondered then, frowning as his mind went into analysis mode. There'd have to be a lot of testing to check that so that he could better know when it'd apply and then he could apply that to his strategies and preparations.

He didn't think there was a way for it to not be a very very good Perk though.

'Last, but not least…'

[Ward Authority

Increases the growth speed of Magic and magic related Skills by 50%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Spells by 25%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Wards by 100%.]

'Welp… That's certainly a jump from the numbers that Ward Specialist had,' he thought. Growth speed with magic and skills had more than doubled, efficacy and efficiency was a little below double and the effect on wards specifically had more than tripled. All at the cost of growth speed in Ward Magic, which made sense since it was useless now that he'd hit the ceiling there.

Still, his wards were now twice as effective and energy efficient.

That was huge.

And the boost to his magic overall was nothing to scoff at either. Boy, was it not. Joshua was going to have fun using magic now. That'd need some testing too, if only to see how much the boost affected the casting. Hell, there was also the fact that the increase in the skill itself gave its own boosts.

Joshua didn't think any of that would inconvenience his casting, but it'd certainly make changes that he'd rather be aware of. Nothing more sloppy than a magician that didn't know exactly what their spell did and how it worked. That was just asking to get killed with a failed spell, after all.

"I'm gonna be busy for a bit, it seems," he mumbled, and Morag twisted in his lap, clicking her mandibles. "Yeah. Guess we are hitting the training grounds. You think Raynare might be up for some testing?" Morag stared at him, her emotions flowing through their bond. "Yeah, silly question," he said, putting into words his familiar's response.

After all, Raynare was always very much willing to do anything and everything, those days. Especially if it involved training. He guessed he could go through the testing in the shape of casting some training spells. He was sure he had a few that needed to be tried out anyway. He could throw those in with some already known ones.

"Let's go," he said, standing up and having the giant spire crawl around his body so that she hung onto his back once more.

[}-o-{]​

"The plants are so pretty," Kunou said, walking around and looking at every flower and plant and sapling like she'd never seen a plant in her life. It was very adorable, but then again, most things she did were. Joshua might not be the most unbiased opinion on the matter, but he still thought so. "They are really pretty," she said then and he smiled.

She was struggling a little vocabulary-wise, but that was fine.

"I know, right?" he replied, following after her to make sure she didn't try to touch or smell or approach the wrong plant. "Asia does great work," he added, turning to look at the Maiden herself, who was accompanying them. Mostly in case Kunou wanted to know something about one of the plants in particular. Joshua had a very good idea about most of them, but he wasn't the one that dealt with them for most of the day, everyday.

It had proven to be a good decision, since his daughter was a very curious little thing. At least, when the subject interested her. God knew she was a pain to deal with when whatever she had to learn was boring for her. He'd know and now he had a new appreciation for teachers all over the world. They had to have so much patience to get through their days that it wasn't even funny.

"I had help," the blonde mumbled from beside him, looking down and fidgeting with her fingers. "Karin helped a lot with some of the plants that were struggling and the ones that were doing well are doing even better. The garden is much more beautiful now. Do you think I could do something to repay her, Mr. Joshua?"

"You know she came here to repay me, right?" he replied with, somewhat amused. Asia looked determined though, even if she managed to do so while also looking shy and nervous. It was… a very complicated expression, to be sure.

"I know, but I benefited from that, and I want to do something for her."

"I can take care of that, I guess," he told her, shaking his head. He shouldn't be surprised. People in the supernatural had a weird obsession with debts and such, it seemed. Or maybe it was a DxD universe thing? Maybe it was just a thing from that DxD universe. One could never be too sure, but Joshua didn't really dwell on that kind of stuff too much.

"No," Asia said, more firmly than she usually spoke, which caught him off guard a little. It must have shown too, because the girl seemed to draw into herself a little. "Sorry, I just… It's as you said. She came to pay you back. It's me that wants to pay her back, so… it has to be me."

"Hm… I see. Well, I can see if she needs help with anything then. Maybe you can pay her back with ingredients and materials," he commented, looking around the garden. "This is as much yours as it's mine, after all," he said and he saw that she wanted to protest that. However, they'd had the argument enough times that he just raised an eyebrow at her and she sighed in defeat.

"Dad!" Kunou exclaimed, rushing back to him and taking his hand to lead him forward. "Look at this one!" she said, pointing at a plant that was basically all flowers. It was a bush, more or less, but there was not a single leaf anywhere on it. "How'd you get it like this, Auntie Asia?" the girl asked then.

Joshua gave her a look, because that was the first time she'd called Asia that directly to her. Hell, she'd only dropped that title a few times really, as if she were testing the waters. She was usually very good at keeping her mouth in check, which was why the fact that he'd adopted her had remained a somewhat well kept secret. That meant that she had definitely called Asia that on purpose.

"Auntie?" the nun asked, blinking as if her mind were struggling to process the word. 'Didn't she heard her call her that the other times?' Joshua wondered, a little confused.

"I… I mean, if you want?" Kunou asked, half playing up her act and half meaning it. Joshua remained silent as the two blondes looked at each other. "It's fine if not," she added, her lip trembling for good measure. Well, it was time to step in before his daughter guilt tripped the poor nun.

"Kunou, stop," he told her, giving her an unimpressed look. "If you want to ask, at least do it normally. What use is forcing her to say what you want her to say?" he asked with a raised eyebrow. "That's not what you want."

"I know, it's just…"

"It's just that you want that, but even if she says no, it won't make things suddenly worse," he told her, kneeling so that they were more even in height. Then he gave her a soft smile. "Even before we put a name to it, I was already acting like your father, pretty sure. Maybe not as much, and maybe not so openly, but I wouldn't have stopped if things didn't work the way they did. Not unless you asked me to. It's the same with Asia, I'm sure."

"Ok," Kunou mumbled, kicking at the ground.

"I… I don't mind," Asia said, making both of them turn towards her. Kunou in excitement and him trying to determine if she meant it or felt like she needed to say that. Fortunately, it seemed to be the former case.

Soon after, both girls were beaming at each other.

[}-o-{]​

'Certainly working better,' Joshua thought during the second round of testing for new wards he'd cast after the whole lot of buffs he got. Maybe he'd need to do something nice for Nurarihyon after he unknowingly gave him such a strong boost. Then again, maybe not, considering his people and him had been looking down on Yasaka because of the whole fiasco with her ex-husband for a while.

Yeah, maybe not.

Regardless of that mess that he'd already done something about, Joshua focused on the ongoing training session. At the moment, Jeanne was facing Raynare while his familiars took turns training with Mittelt and Kalawarna.

It was a bit… underwhelming to see those two. Most of his familiars were well past the point where they could entertain themselves bullying them. Now they were just boring, really. The only one that kept at it was Nagini and not even that much.

They were certainly cut from a different cloth than Raynare though. Where the latter had risen and was getting stronger and stronger with a solid resolution, the other had just… stagnated. They got better, sure, but that was because they literally had no choice, considering the regular training sessions. They never pushed themselves more than they had to. Really, they never did much of anything.

Mittelt had once held some potential, but she seemed too… He didn't know the word, but she was just not going for it, for whatever reason. It was kind of sad, really. She hadn't been that bad, but it seemed that all she'd done was purely so that she could survive, nothing else. Now that she was more or less guaranteed to do so, she didn't care.

Then there was Kalawarna. It was a lot less surprising to have her be disappointing, really. The only reason he hadn't killed her or thrown her to the wolves was because he'd felt bad for what he'd done to her and because of the spiteful plan he'd devised for Kokabiel. As time passed, however, his emotions had calmed down.

Now… His plan didn't sound so good anymore and the two fallen angels were just pitiful, really. 'Maybe I can throw them at Azazel and be done with it,' he thought to himself idly. 'Except Raynare. She's… good, even if it probably never will stop being weird to think that. And I do need someone around to continue helping me develop Project Ascension.'

'... Something to think about,' he decided, pushing those thoughts aside. They could wait until later. For the moment, he had tests to get through and then things to go over now that his spells were stronger. It could affect all of his projects, after all, and several of them were very important, Project Ascension being one of them.

Admittedly, Project Awakening was the one he was focusing the most on though. Was it silly? To put so much effort into something that had nothing to do with preparing for the danger in his future? Maybe, but he was already doing what he could to get things done without being too rash. Besides, curing the Sleep Disease would help his already rising reputation, which could be used to further the cause against Khaos Brigade.

Joshua had another lead as to what he could do to push things forward, but he needed to be important enough to pull it off. For that, he needed to continue doing what he was doing, conveniently enough. Influence might be something that he'd rather avoid, but he couldn't do that and also have any sway over the world he was in. It was just not feasible, so… He needed to continue going forward.

Maybe one day, when things were dealt with, he could let go of all that and have a peaceful life.

That was the dream.

For the moment…

"I think that's enough for now," Joshua called, not really raising his voice, stopping everyone where they were. Although, admittedly, Nagini and Raynare looked like they'd rather keep going. It made him want to roll his eyes. "Take a break, do whatever," he said before turning towards his familiars. "One of you go relieve Margalo from Incinerate Anthem duty, yeah?"

Giving him a sigh and a nod, Nagini turned to leave the place, going to do as he said. Morag moved to a corner where there were some of her webs laid out and Cheshire turned into a cat and moved to stand next to him, as she usually did. With that done, he could give his attention to the remaining people.

"Opinions?" he asked, because he already knew more or less what his familiars felt regarding the new wards.

"Definitely more effective," Jeanne told him, stretching a little. "Not sure what else to tell you. The weight and weakening felt… smoother?"

"Like there was a harshness to it that we hadn't noticed until this one got rid of it," Raynare picked up, helping his sister try to explain. What they said… didn't entirely make sense, truly. He'd experienced the wards himself, but his own spells tended to work slightly differently when they were doing so on him than with others. So, he needed different perspectives to make sure that he knew what the magic was doing.

"Hm, good to know, I guess. We'll need to do more testing later," he mumbled, noting down what they said and his thoughts on the matter for later. In front of him, Raynare nodded seriously, while Mittelt and Kalawarna just stayed a few steps behind, as if trying to will him to forget they were there. It honestly made him want to sigh.

Then there was Jeanne.

"So…?"

Joshua sighed.

"Yeah, you can have the girls over. I'll just spend the night out today."

"Yay!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

A bit of an aftermath moment and some more system. I know people are probably annoyed at me for pushing aside the system aspect of this story. It is a Gamer story, after all. I'll freely admit that most of it is due to me just not enjoying the Gamer aspect as much as I did when I started the story. It just feels like unnecessary numbers and stuff that more often than not hardly mean much at all.

That's not the only reason though. There's also the fact that we are at a point in the story where showing screens doesn't really make much sense. Joshua is at a level where he hardly ever gets screens anymore unless he's checking them for whatever reason. The system has been pushed aside in Joshua's life as a whole, basically.

I hope that makes sense and that you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What's the last movie you watched? I went to watch the new Haikyuu!! movie with my brother and I had a good time.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 169 others
Adrian King
Jul 31, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 137 - If All the Cards Will Treat Me Well New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#504
If All the Cards Will Treat Me Well

"Are you trying to kill me through debt?" Agnes asked him, eyes narrowed. "Because I thought you were kinder than that, Joshua. At least have the decency to stab me and get it over with. Or blow me up with magic, whatever you might prefer."

"Someone's in a dramatic mood," he commented, giving the Director a flat look.

"You realize that the service you are offering me would, by itself, at least double what I owe you, right?" she asked, just as dryly. "No matter how you try to word it, this is a huge favor for me, my people and my organization. I can't just let you tighten the leash around our necks more than you already have, no matter how nice a bait you offer us."

"Agnes, I've told you, I literally don't care-"

"But I do," she said firmly then, her expression losing its levity as she stared at him. "I do, my people do and the world would. It looks terrible on me if I just let you put our association, my association under your thumb."

"And I've told you," he repeated, growing a little annoyed. "I don't care for any of that. We can pretend this never happened. Nobody would even know except the two of us."

"That's the thing about our world, Joshua. People know, no matter what you do. It might take a bit more or less time, but it happens, it always happens," Agnes told him with a wry smile. "It's better if you learn that quickly," she added and he didn't know if to take that as a threat, a warning or just advice.

Joshua guessed that, in a sense, she wasn't wrong about that. Most truths about him had come out eventually. When he'd learned magic, the Hunter had known. When he'd been in Khaos territory, they had known. When he knew how to do something, people learned about it. When he did something, they found out, even if most of them either didn't believe or didn't get the whole truth right away.

Even his relationship with Yasaka and Serafall, or his pseudo-adoption of Kunou, had been known, if not entirely just yet.

So, he supposed he could get it, in a way. The problem was that he wanted to do what he had in mind. Hell, one could say that it was a necessity. If only he could think of something to have her do for him so it'd be more justified.

As he tried to come up with something, he continued absently staring at Agnes while tapping his fingers on her desk from where he sat across her. The woman didn't look very comfortable with the arrangement at the moment, but Joshua's mind was on other things. Mainly trying to find a suitable option so that she'd let him do what he wanted.

Which was improving the defenses on the main building of her association, which was where he worked.

Territorial Imperative, the new Perk he'd gained, buffed him while under "heavily Warded areas". After some testing and quick trips, he learned that the System's definition for that was "warded by him" and when it said heavily, it meant it. Joshua had only really sensed the difference while at his own home, Kuoh, and then at the Hunter's House after he updated the spell array there.

Yasaka's place, Sairaorg's territory, Church bases – he might have had to sneak into those but he'd helped ward those places in the first place – and anywhere else he might have cast wards over didn't seem to count. Which he found weird, especially in the first case. After all, he knew the place was warded to hell and back. That was how he figured that the skill only counted his wards, not wards in general.

Also, heavily didn't mean just number of wards, otherwise he could just spam a bunch of weak wards until it was considered "heavily Warded". He'd tested that out and either he needed ridiculous amounts to make up for something or it just didn't work that way. The Perk needed serious wardwork to work, evidently, so he set out to try and make that happen.

At least, in the places that he thought he needed to. Yasaka's place for one, had received a very thorough tune up on a bunch of defenses, some redundant, some new. He'd also polished on some of the already existing wards, taking them down and setting them back up in his own style. It was a good thing that there were a number of those defenses that weren't ancient and provided by her pantheon, or it'd have been much more troublesome to pull that off.

As it was, the gathering of magicians from some time ago hadn't been the only time some new defenses had been cast over the place.

'I got sidetracked,' he thought, mentally shaking his head. The important part was that he wanted to make House of Water's main building a "heavily Warded area". He didn't put it past Khaos to try to attack there at a time when he was teaching classes. He was actually kind of surprised it hadn't happened already.

Other than that, he never did quite go anywhere else with any consistency, so he should be more or less covered.

"Look, Joshua, I'm really sorry and I know it looks stupid, but I really can't let you just do this for free. Please, understand," Agnes said and he didn't even need to use Life Sense to notice that she was kind of scared of having to tell him no. It made sense, he supposed. She almost never failed to bring up how she was indebted to him, so her telling him no on something he wanted to do was kind of… awkward, to say the least.

The problem here was that what he wanted to do would drive her further in debt, since it'd mean him doing some heavy work on her wards.

"I do understand," he replied to her and he saw the woman deflate as she relaxed. He wasn't pleased with that though, and he didn't want to let the matter drop. He wanted to be prepared and for that he needed this kind of thing to be set up. So, he needed to think of something that she could do for him.

She was already running information gathering for him but that barely scratched the surface of her debt. He needed her to do something of actual value for him. Something that'd hold value for her, at least. Because information was great and all, but it didn't cost her much unless it was very detailed and very thorough information, which wasn't what he'd asked for.

He couldn't really go for that either, since he'd never go through that much information, especially with how busy his days were. Hell, he still had things to go through from some of her reports. He guessed it could work in a pinch, but that'd feel like a bit of a waste. 'Think, Joshua, what else could you need?'

First things that came to mind were Project Awakening and Ascension, but he already pretty much had all that he could ask for in regards to those, direct from Azazel and Gabriel. As for his other projects…

"I have just the thing you can do for me, Agnes," he said then, startling the woman, who had been growing restless once more at his prolonged silence. He grinned at her and that, for whatever reason, didn't seem to set her at ease as he thought it should.

Regardless, he might make some more progress in a project or two of his if things went well.

"And I might have more ideas on the way," he added, his smile widening. Because he still had to speak with Ravel about this, he supposed. He'd kind of forgotten, but, in his defense, he was still getting used to her.

[}-o-{]​

"You are a very subtle person, has anyone ever told you?" he asked, giving the person across the table from him an unimpressed expression.

"Not that much, strangely enough," Serafall answered, taking on an exaggerated thinking expression, lips puckered and tapping her index finger to her chin. "I wonder why."

"Truly a mystery," he replied dryly as he glanced to the side. Across the street, he saw a bunch of devils taking pictures of them. Yeah, subtle was not what he'd call Serafall. She could be so when she wanted to, but generally speaking? She was far from it, that was for sure.

Case in point, they'd decided to go on dates without illusions or any such precautions anymore now. First place she took him to? Lilith, the very Capital of the devil side of the Underworld. They'd barely been at that cafe for about half an hour and he'd seen entirely too many people taking pictures. Fortunately, nobody seemed inclined to actually approach them, which was great.

"Well, you were the one that left things to me," Serafall reminded him, which he acknowledged with a nod. She wasn't wrong about that. He really would rather not deal with the whole announcing thing, but alas, he'd chosen problematic partners. If it could even be said that he chose them that is. It was more that they chose him, really, he supposed.

"Better than a stuffy party, I guess," Joshua replied with a grimace of a half-smile.

"You really didn't like it, huh?" Serafall asked, looking more than a little amused before she brought her sickeningly sweet drink to her lips.

"I don't do well when around people I don't know, or lots of people in general," he explained with a shrug. "Least of all for extended periods of time," he added before taking a sip from his cup of tea. He didn't feel great admitting that, but there was no use lying about it. Besides, he rather doubted he could lie to Serafall of all people. At least, not without involving spells and such.

There was also the fact that he didn't want to lie to her.

If he couldn't tell the truth to his partner, then what was the point?

"Something for me to keep in mind," Serafall said then, directing a soft smile at him, one that had nothing to do with her hyperactive act of Levia-tan. "Sometimes I'm scared of not acting," she admitted then out of nowhere, looking down at her cup and Joshua instantly expanded his senses.

Sure enough, nobody was close enough to hear them and there was the smallest twinge of magic around too.

"I started back at the war, because everyone thought I was too young, too inexperienced and so on, so I decided to put on the act to reinforce that idea. It got others to underestimate me and it was… a valuable tool. Still is, really, but I've been acting like this for so long that it feels off when I'm not doing it," she explained then, a sad smile on her face.

"I think I get it, a little bit," he replied, running his fingers through his hair. "I think I feel sort of the same in regards to being under my spells. It feels off whenever I'm not, like everything is much more dangerous, even when I know it's silly to think so. It's like… a safety blanket, I guess."

"Exactly," she agreed with a much happier smile. "Although… it feels nice to act like myself at times," Serafall added then. He wondered if she meant that she'd done so at times with him. Sure, she had her moments when she wasn't in Levia-tan mode around him, but that didn't mean the mask was off… Or at least he didn't want to assume.

The intent stare she was directing his way said something else though.

"If you are saying what I think you are saying," he mumbled, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly while smiling happily, if nervously. "Then I guess I'm happy to hear that."

"To be direct," she said then, mirth clear in her voice and her expression. "I'm very happy that I can stop acting around you and not feel vulnerable."

He smiled at her and she readily returned the gesture.

"For as much as I like being on my own, even I can have too much of that," he admitted, not quite following from where she left off. That is, until he continued. "So, I'm very happy to have people I can be with and not feel bad."

Surprisingly, Serafall responded to that with a pout.

"Mo, that's unfair, Joshua. We are supposed to spend the day out on a date. You can't just make me want to drag you back home so soon!" she protested, to which he blinked.

And then he laughed.

"I'll try my best."

"You'll try your best… to what?" Serafall asked, eyes narrowed.

As an answer, he just kept his silence and smiled.

"Confident Josh is hot, have I told you?"

"You might have."

[}-o-{]​

"They had a betting pool, did you know?"

"I did," he answered, looking at the youkai servant that had left the food for Yasaka and him walk away. The woman had been all smiles and so chipper it was almost exhausting to witness. All the servants he'd seen so far had been acting that way, really. "They weren't exactly what I'd call subtle," he added with a roll of his eyes.

Because really, those days, he had sensory spells up almost at all times around himself, on top of Magic Sense and Life Sense. They hadn't stood a chance at hiding their bets from him. Then again…

"We weren't very subtle either, I guess," he admitted with a chuckle. "Were we?"

"I suppose we weren't," Yasaka agreed, glancing to the side. Joshua followed her eyes to find the seat that Kunou would have occupied if it weren't just the two of them at the moment. With a smile on his face, he closed his eyes for a moment.

"She's having fun," he told his partner. "Jeanne is spoiling her with snacks right now."

"Hopefully not too many," Yasaka replied with a raised eyebrow. To that, he could only shrug. He could give his sister a call, but it wasn't really doing any harm. "You spoil her too much," she added, giving him an unimpressed expression to which he responded with an unapologetic smile.

"I just can't tell her no, I guess. I know it's a bad thing, but everytime I try, I remember that… Well, she gets scared and sad very easily and I hate seeing her like that," he explained himself. He knew he wasn't doing things well in regards to being a parent with Kunou. He could be the nice father alright, he supposed, but anything close to being strict was much harder at times.

"She might have had a… hard time at times in the past, Joshua," Yasaka said then, somehow managing to mix fondness, exasperation and sadness in a single smile. That had to be some kind of youkai skill, right? "That doesn't excuse poor behavior. You are allowed to chastise her when she's acting out. She reacts badly because she's afraid she'll ruin things, annoy you or worse, push you away. You just have to prove to her that's not the case."

"I guess," he replied, bringing a hand up to the locket hanging from his neck and rubbing his thumb over it. "I just… Doesn't matter. I'm sorry for making things more difficult for you."

"Far from it," she reassured, waving him off. "It might be a little troublesome to deal with a slightly spoiled Kunou, but that's nothing compared to dealing with her when she was closed off and hiding behind a mask," Yasaka told him with a fond smile. "Nevermind the fact that you've helped me free much more time to be the mother my daughter needed all this time. The positives far outweigh the negatives, don't you worry."

"I'm… happy to hear that," he said, a grin on his face. After all, he had a great time with Kunou, always did. However, that didn't mean he didn't stay up at night sometimes, wondering if he was doing things right or if he was making everything worse. Dealing with people was definitely not his thing, after all, so there was always the very real possibility that he was screwing up somehow without even knowing. "Speaking of helping you. You don't have an excuse anymore not to let me help you more," he added then, drawing an uncharacteristic groan from the woman across the table.

"Of course," she grumbled, even though she sported a grin on her face. "The overhaul of my place's security wasn't enough of a courting gift from you?" she asked him, both amused and annoyed. He just grinned at her.

"Nothing would ever be enough of a courting gift for you, pretty sure," he replied with a chuckle. "So, no, if there's anything I can do, just let me know. I feel like I'd mess up if I try to look for something myself. Maybe Serafall would help me though."

"You are…" she started before trailing off with an exasperated sigh. He saw her lips twitching into a smile though and a slight pinking of her cheeks. Joshua took those as signs of a victory. "You are very unfair, Joshua."

"Because I want to spoil my partner? I guess I might be," he replied with a shrug and an unrepentant smile.

"Not what I was talking about," Yasaka told him, now more amused than anything. "You are very lucky you are cute."

"... Eh, I'll take it," he said, chuckling. "Gotta have something going for me if I managed to make you like me."

"Love you," she corrected then, casually, as if it weren't… She'd said that once or twice and so had he back or even first. However, Joshua wondered if he'd ever not feel his heart twitch at the word.

"I'm the luckiest," he said with a grin. "And I love you too."

"So long as you are aware," Yasaka told him with a satisfied nod.

He really was the luckiest.

[}-o-{]​

"You don't have to do all this, you know?" he asked, looking at the whole almost cafe-like experience that Gabriel had provided during his visit to set up a new defense array at one of their bases. There were two tables for everyone that was around, which included, Jeanne, Irina, Xenovia, Griselda and even some cushion seats for his familiars.

Of course, there was another pair of seats for Gabriel herself and him.

Furthermore, it seemed that they'd had some of their staff – or members, whatever – prepare drinks and snacks.

All of that had been set up while he worked on setting up the first part of the whole thing. It seemed that they'd wanted to fill in the space between parts. It… made some sense, Joshua supposed. For the most part, in other instances, they'd just stood around for a bit talking and such.

"It doesn't cost us anything and it's the least I can do. I can't tell you how much your wards have helped us," Gabriel replied, smiling appreciatively. "Things are running much more smoothly now and conflicts are slowly being taken care of. Moreover, I have to say, instructors and trainers are also really appreciating the training arrays you set up," the angel told him, her expression shifting into something exasperated, especially when he grinned at her.

"That's good to hear," he mused, taking a sip from the tea they had provided. 'If there's one benefit to being important is that you can get great tea made,' he thought to himself, slightly amused. 'Certainly doesn't make up for the headaches though,' he added, setting the cup down. "No way I can help more?" he asked, and he'd almost swear Gabriel's features formed an annoyed expression for a second, but that couldn't be, right? She was too nice for that.

"And I've told you, we can't ask for more from you-"

"It's not asking for more if I literally am offering it freely, is it?" he pointed out and now she definitely seemed miffed, at the very least. "I think of it like this: If I help you, then you are stronger. If you are stronger, you can help even more against Khaos."

"Be that as it may, whatever you do would remain with us even afterwards, wouldn't it? Unless you are planning to take down things after that organization is dealt with, in which case we'd be more open to setting something up," the angel said, making him blink.

"Why'd I take things away though? Even if Khaos is dealt with, there's always something that can go wrong. I wouldn't feel right-"

"Exactly," Gabriel interrupted, an exasperated smile on her face. "You are too kind for your own good… and maybe for others'."

"That's… I'm not sure if that's a compliment or not."

"I'm not either," the angel replied, her smile turning more amused. "Maybe we should talk about something other than work."

"Sure thing," Joshua agreed easily. "Although, to be fair, I don't know you that much, do I? I don't even know what you do when you are not working."

"I guess that's on me. I might have… focused too much on what needed to be done," Gabriel admitted, looking a little sheepish. "There was so much to do… Regardless, I guess I could start saying that, as the one in charge of foreign affairs, I get to travel a lot and I… enjoy it. I enjoy visiting new places, seeing new cultures and appreciating new sights. Even with as long as I've lived, the world is always changing, there's always something to appreciate."

"You sound like you'd get along with Jeanne," he commented, glancing to the side where his sister was at another table, talking with Xenovia and Irina. "She really likes traveling. I've seen her planning out trips whenever we have the time for it. I like doing those things too but… Well, not quite like I think you or her do, I guess. I find the places interesting, sure, but I'm not in awe of them. For me, they just… are."

"Hm, that's understandable. People have different likes and dislikes and sometimes it's to different extents. That just happens," Gabriel replied with a smile. "What is it that you enjoy then?"

"I like… I guess I just like a calm life. I like having my routine, where there's nothing to worry about, being at home and just spending time with my family and friends. I like having my time to myself, studying or spellcrafting or doing something else that I might feel like doing. I like… comfort, I guess you could say. I'm a simple man," he answered with a smile. "And a boring one, I guess."

"Nothing wrong with enjoying the little things," Gabriel told him. "Although, I can't say you have chosen a simple path, considering all that you do, and some of your choices I've been hearing about," she continued then, drawing a curious tilt of his head. "So, that rise in reputation was to be able to approach Yasaka and Serafall? Can't say I'm surprised. I did see some things during our meetings."

"To be honest, we already were in a relationship. We were just keeping things low," Joshua answered with a shrug. With someone else, he might have tried to keep up the story, but with Gabriel? She was too nice to worry about what she'd do with that information. "We decided to go for a more public thing now because it was causing trouble for Kunou."

"Yasaka's daughter?"

"Our daughter," he corrected, a wide smile on his face. "It's not official or anything, but I basically adopted her some time ago. Before I even started being in a relationship with Yasaka, believe it or not. And she was having a hard time considering what happened with her father so… We had to take some measures."

"And by "we" you mean you?" Gabriel asked, raising an eyebrow.

"It's not like Serafall and Yasaka did nothing, but yeah. I was the problem there, so I had to do something to fix it," Joshua answered with a chuckle. "Seeing Kunou sad was the worst."

The angel's only response to that was a hum and sipping from her cup of tea as she stared at him.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

This time it might not be as obvious as some other times, but I want you guys to know that my characters screwed me over in this chapter. Am I telling you this just because I want to complain? Yes, yes I am. They are assholes, the lot of them.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Where do you think the characters messed with my plans in this chapter and how?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 181 others
Adrian King
Jul 31, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 138 - Ain’t Ever Wannabes New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#505
Ain't Ever Wannabes

"I said I was sorry," Joshua most definitely did not whine. Unfortunately for him, it seemed that there was no way he was getting himself off the hook with just words. It was ridiculous. "You are supposed to work for me. Why are you glaring at me?" he grumbled, turning away from Ravel's pout and glare combo.

It was very effective, as it turned out.

"Exactly. I'm supposed to help you with this kind of thing, sir," she said, trying to sound professional, despite the exceedingly childish expression she wore. "I can't do my job if you don't tell me about these things."

"And I said I was sorry," he repeated for what felt like the hundredth time. "I'm used to doing this kind of thing on my own," he added, running his fingers through his hair. "I don't think I did that badly," he mumbled under his breath, although he did so loudly enough to be heard.

"That you didn't, I guess," the girl admitted reluctantly.

"Do I have to repeat that I'm your boss?"

"Yes, which one would think you'd let me do my job," the girl grumbled, looking at the notepad she was holding and flipping through a few pages. "House of Water is very solidly in your debt if you haven't left anything out," she mumbled then and Joshua had to roll his eyes. It seemed she wouldn't let that go for a while.

"I've already asked of them what I could, I think," he pointed out, leaning back on his seat at the table of his home. Jeanne was out with Kiba, he was pretty sure, and Asia was in her garden. His familiars were, for the most part, keeping the fallen trio training, much to Raynare's delight.

That is, with the exception of Cheshire, who was accompanying him.

Then there was Kuroka, who was waiting-

"I have some ideas for other things, actually, if you are interested," Ravel said, looking at him with wide eyes that reminded him of Kunou when she really wanted to show off some illusion circle she'd worked on. It made him smile fondly almost out of instinct.

"Sure thing. What did you have in mind?" he asked, leaning forward and resting his chin on his palm, preparing himself to hear her out, at least. For one, Serafall had picked her for a reason and she seemed to have a good head on her shoulders, from what he'd seen so far. For another, maybe she'd stop being upset if he heard her out?

It was worth trying and she seemed fairly pleased with just his response already.

"Well, I can't tell you what you could ask in regards to furthering your magic studies and projects," Ravel said, her expression clearing and becoming the definition of professional… Which looked very out of place on a teenager like her. How old was she, even? Fifteen? 'Still knows more about politics than me though,' he thought to himself, somewhat amused. That subject was really not his strong suit, after all. "However, I think something you can do with your accumulated favor is get a seat at the top of the association, if you are interested. You are the one person that pushed them into a notorious position, so asking for a position back wouldn't be out of place."

"Sounds like it'd be a bother more than payment," Joshua commented, not even trying to hide how unimpressed he was with that idea. However, much to his surprise, Ravel was unphased by his reaction.

"I expected you'd say that. However, while many would use such a position to further their political agenda or try to amass more power, you can use this to solidify your reputation too," she continued and now she definitely had his attention. "Because most of what is being spread around about you are stories of feats which, while impressive, don't have any… tangibility, as it were."

Well, she was getting somewhere with this, it seemed. Somewhere that Joshua might actually be interested in. It sounded like politics though, which made him almost grimace. Alas, that was an inescapable evil for him already. With the relationships he was part of, there was just no way he could stay out of that mess, sadly.

"As of this moment, Mr. Davis, you are only a teacher at House of Water, tutor of Kunou of the West Youkai Faction and a contracted magician of my family, the Phenex," Ravel continued explaining, flipping the pages on her notepad to check on some other part. He was actually somewhat curious to know what she had written down there. "None of those are something to scoff at, but at the same time… they are not enough. Beyond that, there's your position with the Egyptian Pantheon, but that's… a little bit of a gray area, in this discussion. They don't interact much with the world, after all, so other than not contradicting you or backing you up if someone actually dares to challenge you, nobody can know that for sure."

"... Ok, I'm listening," he told her, eyes narrowed as he processed what she was saying. It made sense, he supposed. Despite things going well and Serafall's and Yasaka's reassurances, things were only ok. If he could have things go a little better for himself…

"There's also your… newly released relationship with Serafall Leviathan and Yasaka of the West Youkai Faction," Ravel continued, making it very obvious that she knew the relationship had been going on before their recent openness on the matter. Not that it was a very well kept secret for anyone that had known them for any length of time before the unofficial announcements. She looked miffed, to his eyes, but he guessed that made sense. It had to be a bit annoying for the Phenex, considering Serafall had been part of the negotiations for their recent "deal", if it could be called that. "However, these require you to have a solid reputation so it won't backfire on you… or them," she added and this time she seemed a little more hesitant, as if she were afraid to upset him.

"Yes, I'm somewhat aware of that. It's why I pulled strings to raise my reputation," he said, raising an eyebrow at her. Would she point out that the deal with her family was part of that? Would she be angry? Would she poke again at the evident discrepancies with the stories about his "recent" relationship with Serafall and Yasaka?

Ultimately, Ravel just nodded calmly and read from her notepad once more.

She was full of surprises, it seemed.

"Indeed. However, you can further secure your position and security by solidifying your standing in the supernatural world. That means more… official positions to speak of," Ravel replied, glancing between her notepad and him as if waiting for him to snap at her or something of the sort. He didn't know why he would though. She was making sense, from what he could gather. He'd likely double check with Serafall and Yasaka, but for the moment…

"And one such position would be a high one in House of Water," he continued, making her nod, still hesitant. "That… makes sense. And you are saying that I wouldn't have to deal with any of the baggage that comes from that because I don't actually care for any of it?"

"Exactly. Normally, the work put into such a position would be in order to build favor with the association, its members and other associations," Ravel explained, flipping pages once more. "However, if you don't, then you'd be… like a silent partner. Director Waterhouse would need to hear you out if you spoke out, but other than that, you could basically continue as you are. I can't imagine she'd be too opposed. She should know by now that you wouldn't be unreasonable."

One would think so, but supernatural people seemed to have the weirdest hang ups.

"Ok, that all makes sense. I guess I could think that over. It sounds like a good idea though," he replied, and he had to hold back a smile and a chuckle after seeing the way Ravel beamed proudly at him. She was reminding him a whole lot of Kunou, as it turned out. "Any other ideas?"

"I have a few, but I'm currently working out details," she answered rushedly. "I'm discussing some of it with your… Star students?" she continued, a little unsure if she'd gotten the title right before flipping the pages of her notepad a bit more and then nodding as she likely confirmed that. "There is, however, the fact that you don't officially have an apprentice. Having someone of standing or renown of any kind would push yours further up too, by association. I know you see the human diviner in such a light, but if you could reconsider, I think Meredith Ordinton would be a great candidate. She's of royal blood and has a very strong Sacred Gear too."

Well, if he needed further proof that Ravel was good, that conversation was certainly giving him that.

"Well, we need to talk about quite a bit, it seems," he commented and somehow that seemed to please his secretary.

Well, if she was happy, he supposed.

[}-o-{]​

"I know you two are children, but you could not act like it, you know?" he pointed out, getting both "children" to glare at him. In turn, he raised an eyebrow at them, which only made their pouts more pronounced before they went back to glaring at each other instead. He just sighed, glancing to the side, where a hidden Kuroka giggled.

"Chicken," Koneko deadpanned at Ravel and Joshua almost sighed. Especially because he saw the way the Phenex all but bristled at the name. He could almost see the ruffled feathers and all, if the girl had had any. Instead, he settled for firmly planting a hand on the nekoshou's head.

"No name calling," he told the white-haired girl and he could have sworn she was pouting again. It was nice to see Koneko be more expressive… but he just wished it were for different reasons. 'I think this kind of rivalry was canon too? What's up with that?' he wondered to himself. "Ravel was here first and she's helping me with some of my business, so please be nice."

The Phenex really wasn't helping with the smug look she sent Koneko's way.

"Do I have to?"

"Yes," he answered before turning his attention towards Ravel. "And you, be nice to my guests," he added, making her stiffen and then look down at her notepad sheepishly.

"Sorry, sir," she mumbled and Joshua brought a hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose.

"I've told you to stop calling me sir," he said with an unimpressed expression.

"Sorry, sir," she added, more cheekily, if tentatively. Well, that was… progress? Maybe? He'd choose to see it that way.

"Why is the chic-" Koneko started before pausing at the look he gave her. "Why is she helping you with business?"

"Because Serafall likes to meddle and I needed someone to help me organize my schedule. I'm a busy man, you know?" he commented, leaning back on his chair and bringing his cup of tea to his lips. "Also because she knows more about stuff like politics than I do… or care to learn."

"Hm, she's boring, then," Koneko mumbled, nodding to herself as if everything had gone back to making sense in the world. He didn't need to look at Ravel to know she hadn't taken that well.

"Excuse you?!" Case in point.

"You'll both behave yourselves or I'll be sending both of you home. I don't care who starts something, but I will end it," he warned them, making both girls stiffen a little. "And no cookies for you, Koneko."

"... I wasn't lying," she mumbled, pouting at him much more expressively than he'd have expected. It almost made him change his mind. Almost, but not quite.

"Now," he started, ignoring the nekoshou's look. "In the spirit of distracting you so you don't go back to being children," he said before rolling his eyes as both girls huffed. "I think we could play a game." Well, they were curious now, which was great. "How would you two like to play a card game?"

That was how they started a mini-tournament while playing with Project Duel. Kunou and him had gotten it more or less done by then. Now they were mostly working on adding more and more cards to it. It wouldn't have been a very long activity to get through, admittedly, with just three people. However, neither of the girls knew what the game was all about, so he had to explain things as best he could and help them create their own decks to play with.

Unsurprisingly, Koneko went for a Beast deck that had felines aplenty while Ravel went for a Fire deck with a Phoenix as the ace card.

The games were a little awkward, since they were still getting used to playing, but Joshua didn't mind explaining to them. In the end, the tournament didn't even take off, really. Instead, Koneko and Ravel spiraled into a series of matches and rematches while they tried to one up each other. It was actually quite adorable, but he did have to stop them from trash talking too much.

Eventually, he had to stop them altogether, even if they seemed to be having fun.

Either that, or they were a breath away from killing each other.

It was hard to tell.

"I could stay a little longer," Ravel mumbled, shuffling where she stood.

"You have places to be, I'm sure. I also have plans in a bit, so there's that," he commented with a smile as he shook his head. "Besides, I have to separate you two or you'll never get off each other's throats," he added, getting a pout from the Phenex that he was sure was mirrored by the nekoshou behind him.

"I'll, um, look over my ideas and we can talk about them further next time?" she asked shyly, fidgeting with the notepad in her hands.

"Tomorrow," he told her, getting a beaming smile in response. She was entirely too adorable. If her family weren't so troublesome, maybe things would be a lot simpler. "See you then, yeah?"

"Until then, sir," she said, back to her "serious" persona before she teleported away.

"Now, what do you want to do?" he asked, turning towards Koneko. "I have time before my next appointment comes around," he commented, which was going to the cafe and helping around because Jeanne was going to go with her club to hang out and she wanted the best food for her friends.

"We could play?" Koneko asked, her voice barely above a whisper. "... Is she here?" she added then and he nodded, doing his best not to glance towards the corner of the room where Kuroka had been watching them. "Maybe I could… play with her?" Koneko asked hesitantly.

"If you are sure," he replied calmly, neutrally. He resolutely ignored the spike that Kuroka's emotions sent through his senses and his spells.

"Hm, I think I am," Koneko nodded slowly. "Can you… sit beside me?" she asked then and he smiled reassuringly at her.

"Sure. I'll help you beat her."

"Excuse you?" Kuroka asked as the spells that kept her hidden and her own tricks vanished. She wasn't as over the top as she'd usually have been though. She looked downright calm, really. Joshua was sure that was very much intentional.

Maybe the two would actually have a good time as siblings, if awkwardly.

He hoped so.

[}-o-{]​

[Issei Hyoudou]

[Partner,] Ddraig said in his mind, which never really did stop being weird whenever it happened. Thankfully, it wasn't too often. Although, maybe he'd get used to it if it did happen more often? Issei didn't know, really. It'd be worth it if it was the case, because the dragon was very unnerving. [Can you focus for two seconds?] the giant lizard asked, annoyance clear in his deep, imposing voice. [Lizard?!] Oops? Regardless, Ddraig seemed to pause and take a deep breath in. [The magician's spells are… very powerful,] the dragon commented then.

'Yes, yes they are,' Issei thought to himself, grimacing as he felt the constricting presence of Joshua's Hexes and Wards. At least the Boons were nicer, he supposed. He wasn't great at sensing magic yet, but he'd been under their influence for long enough that he was picking up on them a little.

Aika had a much better idea though, admittedly. Magic was her thing.

Awful as they were to experience though, they did wonders for training.

[That they do,] Ddraig agreed appreciatively. Issei was a little confused as to why his partner was so chatty, but he guessed it wasn't too surprising. The dragon had gone on and on about how he needed to be strong to fight "the White One" which Issei had learned meant the wielder of Divine Dividing, the Vanishing Dragon.

He couldn't say he was looking forward to that, but the way everyone talked about it, it was inevitable. Issei was definitely not a fan of that. However, Joshua had explained it to him rather simply. He was a great teacher like that, after all.

"The supernatural world is a dangerous place, Issei. The Vanishing Dragon and any number of other individuals can come looking for trouble. I personally don't care for getting stronger but…" Joshua had said. "... I need to be strong, for the sake of my family and the people I care about. Every time I feel like slacking off, I remember that someone can and will come to threaten them. I imagine how it'd be to be in that situation and be too weak and… I hate it. I hate it so much that I work twice as hard instead."

Issei could definitely understand that.

He visualized that as he prepared to face the fallen, Raynare, once more in a spar. He imagined her, with her resting bitch face, threatening his life, threatening Joshua's life, threatening Aika's life, threatening his parent's life. It wasn't particularly difficult, considering that she was far from nice.

Anger flowed through his veins as he did and Issei felt Boosted Gear thrumming with power.

[Yes… It seems we owe that man, partner,] he heard Ddraig said, sounding happier than he ever had up to that point. [After all, without him… We wouldn't have achieved this.]

'I don't know what you are talking about, giant lizard,' he thought, pushing the dragon's voice aside. He was angry now and he wouldn't stop being so until after he got some punches in and maybe slammed the bitchy fallen into the ground. There was just something about her that rubbed him the wrong way.

Well, that and the fact that he might have visualized a little too we-

[Boosted Gear: Scale Mail,] Ddraig called from his gauntlet… and then it stopped being just a gauntlet. The piece of armor grew over his arm, his chest, his other arm, his head and his legs. In a second, Issei was covered in bright red armor with some yellow accents here and there and deep green gems in some places.

Well, that had certainly killed whatever anger he'd mustered with thorough surprise.

"No fucking way," Raynare muttered from in front of him. Now that he turned to look, it was kind of weird that he could see perfectly fine with a full helmet on his head, right?

"Huh, it worked. I had wondered," Joshua's voice said from behind him. "A little push was all it took?"

[A little push, he says. You found a dangerous human, partner,] Ddraig commented and Issei was surprised to find some amount of respect there. [It's not every day that a human forces Balance Breaker. On someone else no less.]

"Well, I think the spar will be canceled now," Joshua commented and Issei was confused for a moment. At the questioning tilt of his head, his employer/friend?/teacher chuckled. "You'll drop to the ground in a second, buddy, in case you didn't notice." Sure enough, Issei felt himself surprisingly drained when he pointed that out. A moment later, the armor disappeared and he dropped to his knees. "We gotta work on your stamina and then on your Balance Breaker."

"Ok? Do you mind if I just…?" Issei asked, dropping on his back on the floor of the training facilities.

"Not at all. This is a huge step for you, man," Joshua reassured with a chuckle. He was right.

"Am I strong?" Issei asked, his eyelids feeling heavy but feeling… accomplished. Joshua had made it sound like Balance Breaker was some crazy powered up he'd get in the future. To get it so fast… "Strong enough?"

"You are getting there, Issei. You can rest now."

"Ok…"

And so, Issei fell asleep, happy knowing that he was getting there.

He really did owe Joshua a lot, he supposed.

[}-o-{]​

[Meredith Ordinton]

She swung her practice sword at her instructor, sweat drops falling down the sides of her face and occasionally threatening her eyes.

House of Water was really bending over backwards for her, she'd learned. Everything she asked, they happily delivered or accommodated for. If she was interested in a book that normal members couldn't get? Sure, here you go and a few more just to be safe. If she asked about taking a job that would probably be reserved for someone with more pull? No problem, go ahead. If she was feeling a little tired – read, sleepy – in one of her other classes? No worries, we'll give you notes on it later.

It was really… kind of awesome.

Also kind of awkward though.

Back to the present though, House of Water had been kind enough to do her another favor in the shape of getting her a swordsmanship instructor. She really appreciated it, but the need for practice swords kind of frustrated her. None of them fit in her hands like the Alphecca Tyrant-made shortswords she found she preferred using. However, it wasn't like she could justify training with holy swords right off the bat for no reason other than because she was a little uncomfortable.

Or maybe she could.

Despite all that House of Water did for her though, Meredith was still kind of nervous about reaching the limit of their patience. She knew she was just there, and they were doing all they were, because her teacher had pulled on the association's strings, after all. They couldn't have cared less for her before that, really. Sure, they'd have liked to poach her, probably, since she had talent and a good Sacred Gear, but certainly not enough to antagonize Golden Dawn. Nobody would have done that.

So, she didn't want to push her luck too much.

Even if it was tempting at times.

When she managed to block and lock her trainer's sword, Meredith allowed a grin on her face. That is, until she heard clapping from the side and both her trainer and her turned to look. Her eyes widened and her back straightened at the person that was looking in from the side.

It was Joshua Davis himself standing there.

Meredith didn't miss the fact that her trainer seemed to stiffen, his back straight and she was pretty sure that he gulped. Not that she blamed him, really. Her teacher was a big deal for magicians. Hell, he was a big deal in general, considering all that was happening as of late.

"Doing alright, it seems," the man in question commented, walking towards them. "Didn't know you used swords."

"Good afternoon, Professor Davis," she greeted, making him chuckle. "I can make swords with my Sacred Gear, so I've been training to use them better. They are… comfortable."

"Good afternoon to you too. I guess I forgot my manners there. Happens to me a lot, sorry," the man apologized then, giving both her teacher and her a nod. "I guess I could set you up to train with my sister. She has Blade Blacksmith. Hell, I guess I could train with you too, even if I use daggers instead of swords."

"That-That won't be necessary, Professor Davis. You've already done too much for me," Meredith replied quickly. Because he really had. As it was, she was probably laughably under his thumb. If he asked anything of her, she couldn't think of a reason why she'd refuse unless it was truly ridiculous or insane… And even then, it'd depend.

"If you say so," the man said then, tilting his head and Meredith got the impression that he'd mostly ignored her words. She really wished he didn't though, because didn't know what she'd do if- "Well, I hope you aren't worried about owing me," he added then and she gave him a sheepish smile because that was exactly what was going on. In response, the man laughed. "I guess she was right," he commented, confusing her a little before he extended his hand with two nice looking earrings in his hands. "Here. If Iever need you, I'll contact you through this. Who knows, you might get to pay your debt that way."

"Thank you, Professor Davis," she replied, carefully taking the offered items and gazing at them reverently. They might just be her key to even things between her savior and herself, after all. "I appreciate it."

Her teacher looked like he wanted to say something but instead changed his mind at the last second.

"Guess she was right indeed. I guess I might need to talk to you later about something." he said instead, shaking his head. That last bit was a little concerning, but he continued speaking before she could get a word in. "Well, I have to go see Agnes now. Take care of yourself, yeah? And see you in the next class."

"See you, Professor Davis!" she called, since the man had already turned and started walking away.

Meredith could only hope she'd get a chance to actually pay the man back some.

She owed him entirely too much as it was and he seemed intent on making her situation "worse".

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I forgot to write notes when I edited the chapter and now it's kinda late so… No notes this time. Sorry, in case you are one of the people that actually read notes.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter though.

Random Question: Do you read chapter notes?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 182 others
Adrian King
Jul 31, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 139 - All My No’s Just Turned To Yes New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#508
All My No's Just Turned To Yes

"She's enjoying herself," Joshua commented, smiling and shaking his head as he looked at his daughter. Kunou, for her part, continued obliviously humming and giggling occasionally. The girl seemed deliriously happy, but he wasn't too concerned. Especially because Yasaka didn't seem to be either, and she probably knew better than he did.

"She certainly is," his youkai partner replied with a grin of her own, her eyes also locked on the young girl that was having the time of her life taking turns mounting either Cheshire or Nagini and generally playing with his familiars on the spacious open space at Yasaka's place. "She really likes being able to show the world that you are with me, that you are her father," the woman next to him added, making him chuckle.

"Really? I hadn't noticed," he said wryly. After all, if Kunou had been obsessed with calling him "dad" or "my father" at any chance she got before, now she was even more so. It was kind of funny, just when she had gotten over that, she started again, just that this time it was whenever there was someone around to hear it instead of the opposite.

"Thank you, for making this possible," Yasaka told him, turning to look at him and he could clearly see that she meant it. Silly woman. As if he'd had any chance to not do what he'd done.

"Don't thank me for doing what I should do," he replied with a shake of his head. "Making her happy is a priority, isn't it? It's what it should be like. And besides, I love seeing her this happy. Being a little uncomfortable is nothing next to this."

"Have I told you how much I love hearing you say things like that. As if it's just a fact that you should care this much for Kunou. As if-"

"As if she were my daughter?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. His lip twitched up into a half-smile. Then his expression softened as he turned towards Kunou once more. "I know it was… quite fast, but I do love her. I wasn't in a good place, even with my familiars and Jeanne. I was getting better, but I was still just… just starting to connect back with the world."

Sometimes, Joshua would wonder what would have been different, if he hadn't come to Kyoto. How would he have ended up if he'd stayed where he was? Maybe he'd have been fine, but… he didn't want to know, not really. He was happy with his life as it was. That was just an idle thought, a "what-if" and that was all.

"She reminded me of some of my best memories, being a child myself and taking care of my younger relatives. It was a small thing but it was… It meant a lot to me," Joshua explained, looking up at the sky and closing his eyes. "I guess I got attached quickly because of that. I'm very lucky that she did too, and that you weren't annoyed or angry about that. I imagine things wouldn't have ended up well for me," he added with a chuckle.

"I have a difficult time understanding, sometimes, I guess," Yasaka admitted and he opened his eyes to turn and look at her. "I know you care for her as your daughter, I can feel it, but… I have a hard time understanding that, or, I guess, acknowledging that. Every time you do something for her, it means the world to her and, thus, me. Every single instance feels like a gift."

"Well, you'll get used to it eventually, I imagine," he told her with a chuckle.

"I both hope so and not," Yasaka replied, smiling warmly at him. "It's a very nice feeling, every time."

"Well, I guess I should do more things like that, then," he said, drawing a giggle from the woman.

"You don't have to, but I'm sure Kunou will appreciate that," she told him.

"Lady Yasaka," a servant called then, from the woman's side. When they both turned towards him, the man squirmed a little, clearly uncomfortable under the sudden attention. "I'm sorry for interrupting, but this came in for you," he informed her then, extending a file that she took and immediately opened.

"Thank you, you can go now," she replied, getting a bow before the servant left. She seemed deep in thought, Joshua noted, as she read through whatever documents she'd been given.

"Something important?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Just another meeting with everyone," she answered and he instantly knew what she was talking about. That was what they called a meeting with Serafall, Gabriel and Azazel in regards to Khaos Brigade. Those were happening from time to time, but Joshua stayed mostly outside of it all.

Moves were being made, bases were raided, members were captured.

He couldn't help but feel like it was all just drops in the ocean. Were they really chipping at the organization or just sending useless strikes at them? So long as the top members stayed around, then they were still a problem. After all, he didn't remember the fodder of the terrorist organization doing much at all. He could be wrong, of course, but he didn't think he was.

"Well, good to know. Anything that stands out or just regular stuff?" he asked while she continued reading through the papers.

"Usual stuff, from what I'm getting," Yasaka answered absently.

"Then it's nothing to worry about until the time of the meeting right?" he continued, glancing towards Kunou once more, who was currently giggling uncontrollably while Morag tickled her with her many legs. "I'm thinking that our daughter will want to continue playing with the girls, so maybe I can rope Jeanne and Asia into babysitting while we go on a date."

Yasaka paused, her previously darting eyes stilling.

"Hmm, I think I rather like the sound of that."

"I thought you would," he replied with a smile.

[}-o-{]​

[Meredith Ordinton]

"... and so, you must never think your defenses are absolute," Professor Davis explained, the class dutifully taking notes of everything he said. Meredith would have been the same, but she didn't need this particular lesson. "There's always a hole, always a weak point or a weak link. Even the best of warders suffer from this, which is why you have to remember this. Always look for new spells, always strive to improve on your arrays, because I can guarantee you that there's always something that can be done to make it better."

As if she needed to be reminded that she wasn't the best and probably would never be. The world was full of such examples, really, and anyone that didn't realize was either stupid or delusional. It was extra difficult to think that one's abilities were perfect when you had a person like Joshua Davis standing in front of you, regularly slapping you over the face with the sheer presence that his spells had.

It was hard to be overconfident when faced with such a person.

Meredith was more worried about the opposite, really.

"Even your own arrays, Professor Davis?" some idiot asked at the back of the class. She almost rolled her eyes at the question. It was no wonder she was a "Star" if the regular student was that… lacking.

"Even my own arrays," Professor Davis answered easily. "It's why I've gotten so good at spell modification, really. I always strive to improve upon what I have. I have a vast library that I regularly study from and I'm endlessly tinkering with spells to try and cover as much as possible, to try and do as much as possible. It'll never end, but that's no reason to stop going forward," the man explained, suddenly seeming to shift into a life lesson instead of a Ward Magic one.

Not that anybody was going to point that out, really. First of all, nobody was that self-sabotaging, especially after Davis had shown everyone what happened to those that annoyed him. Not that Meredith thought he'd go that far for that, but it was an amusing thought. Second of all, it was a good life lesson, at least in her opinion, so nobody felt the need to complain anyway.

Well, nobody smart and those that weren't smart, were still not stupid enough to say something because of the aforementioned point.

"Back to the topic at hand, this is another example that I want all of you to work with," Davis said, waving his hand and making a display appear over the blackboard behind him. Meredith was fairly sure that he thought that was nothing, but to them? To the students and other magicians? It was one of those details that were just insane.

Sure, Illusion Magic was nothing that really stood out. It was weak and… gimmicky, really. Few people used it and even fewer people reached any sort of notoriety with it, other than for party tricks and so very niche jobs.

However, the fact that their teacher, a man that they knew had a very strong grasp on many branches, such as Ward, Hex and Boon magic, also had a bunch of other branches that he used just because was… It was just crazy. Many magicians picked up a spell or two for just generally improving their quality of life, sure but...

There was a difference between learning a Storage Spell, or a Teleportation Spell, and learning all of those basic spells and more just because he felt like it. Every so often, Professor Davis would just casually drop some new spell that he knew as if it were no big deal. There were several people in their class that were keeping track of every spell and the list was getting increasingly longer at a ridiculous rate.

The worst part was that, theories told, it was all just the tip of the iceberg.

'I should focus though,' she told herself, hurrying to write down the example, because she was sure-

"The exercise for this instance is simple, I want you to look at this array and list all the holes in the defense that you can think of. It doesn't matter if the solutions are within your ability to make or not. Go wild, anything you can think of, anything at all, even if it sounds impossible, write it down. From the most obvious to the weirdest," Professor Davis told them, grinning widely as if he were very entertained. To be fair, he probably was. He often seemed to genuinely enjoy teaching them – and making them suffer through grueling homework and even more demanding class work –, which was a rarity, really.

One that they'd all learned to appreciate though.

"That's all. Surprise me, guys. I'm sure you can do it," the man told them and then waved them all off. "Class dismissed and all that. I'm sure you can use the extra time to get started."

There were some grumbles, but they did as they were told. Actively complaining was useless and at least Davis wasn't doing any of that to be cruel. He was teaching them, even if it was all very… tough.

"Meredith, if you could stay behind," Davis said, moving to lean against his desk, while Ravel Phenex stood up from the smaller desk that had been set beside their teacher's for her. The devil had a notepad in hand as she moved to stand beside Davis while Meredith herself walked up to them.

She did so slowly, since it seemed that their teacher wanted to talk in private, which meant waiting a bit for the other students to leave.

"Anything I can do for you, Professor Davis?" she asked, wishing it was the case. It'd certainly be better than if he wanted to drive her further in debt-

"I'll be blunt," the man told her, running his fingers through his hair. "I want to name you my official apprentice," he explained, making her eyes widen. She stood there, frozen, for a long moment while processing those words.

Was that really-?

"You could have been more tactful," the devil gumbled, side-eyeing Davis.

"Meh," the man replied with a shrug.

It was happening.

So much for not being more in debt, Meredith supposed.

She should have known better.

"Are you sure-?" she started asking, but it was the devil that interrupted her with her answer, even before she finished the question.

"Meredith Ordinton, Alphecca Tyrant's current wielder and direct blood relative of the British Royal Family," the girl counted, tapping on the notepad she held. Meredith guessed she had the list written down. "Also a very talented user of Protection Magic as well as a star student from Mr. Davis' Spell Modification and Ward Magic classes."

She'd have said those latter ones were more important than the others, Meredith thought bitterly. Certainly more than her "family", that was for sure. At least her magic skills were something that she'd earned and hadn't come back to bite her in the ass.

"There are few better prospects," the devil finished and Meredith saw, curiously, how Professor Davis rolled his eyes.

"Besides all that, I like your character," the man added and somehow that felt even better than all the other points combined. "Ultimately, I have to warn you, in the spirit of being honest, that this is for the sake of the connection it brings to have you as an apprentice. This is basically us using each other for our names," the man explained and that happy feeling soon vanished. "I'm afraid I'm too busy to truly take on the duties of a mentor. I simply don't have the time to teach you as I should, at least for the moment. I'll try as best I can, but I can't make promises."

Now with a cooler head, Meredith considered that for a moment. Not that she had a lot of time, because the devil took over from there. She'd have really liked some time to her own thoughts, but alas…

"This would be a great help for Mr. Davis here. I'm sure you are aware that he's an impressive man, but he doesn't have the solid standing to match. Having you as an official apprentice would boost that quite a bit, together with some other things we have in mind," the devil explained for her and she sort of liked the idea of helping him. It was just… why did it have to be because of her family and her Sacred Gear?

"And there's nothing else I can do to help?" she asked, trying to not sound pitiful and probably failing miserably. At the end of the day, she was just that, wasn't she? Just someone born with a nice Sacred Gear and royal blood. Nothing more.

She hated that.

She hated that she hated that.

Meredith could see, clear as day, that Professor Davis knew what she was thinking. There was no mistaking the pity in his expression. She both appreciated it and despised it. Why didn't-?

"Actually," the man said, making her blink. The man's entire disposition shifted to thoughtful, then inspired and, finally, both things mixed into determination. When his eyes locked on hers, it was all she could do not to just stop breathing. "There's something you might be able to do for me and I'd really appreciate it."

She hadn't even heard what it was, but under those eyes and with all that he'd done for her?

Meredith would do anything.

[}-o-{]​

"I'm ready, young man," Soren told him, giving him an amused and exasperated look. "If you ask one more time, I swear…"

"Sorry, sorry," Joshua replied with a half-smile of his own as he finished setting down the circles on the floor of the spell room he was using at the Sitri Manor. "I can't help it."

How could he? This was Serafall's father. No matter how confident he was on his spells from Project Awakening, he couldn't not be nervous. What if he messed up and couldn't fix any mess the spells could cause? What if the Sleep Disease reacted worse than the last time and he couldn't keep it under control? What if his spells didn't work as well as he expected?

There were a number of things that could go wrong with the testing of those spells. It wasn't like most other spellcrafting projects of his. Most of those, he could slowly build up and take down if they turned out to be failures. If they didn't work, the worst that could happen was a spell mishap, which he could deal with through a number of other spells in place to deal with the aftermath.

This time though, he couldn't, because it was all tied to Soren's condition.

"What's the worst that could happen if you fail, Joshua? That I fall asleep?" Soren asked then, leaning back on the armchair he was sitting on. Joshua's previous spells were keeping the illness away, but he'd recommended that the devil take a seat before starting anyway. "I'd fall asleep anyway, even if it might have taken longer. I'd rather try and fight back."

"The worst that can happen is that you die," Joshua answered gravely, looking down and making sure all the circles were fine. He'd checked all of them a number of times already, but he couldn't help it. "Or that I somehow make your case of Sleep Disease worse than the rest."

"Is that likely?" Soren asked, somehow seeming unbothered by his response. Off to the side, Serafall gave Joshua a sad smile when he looked her way. Lady Sitri and Sona, for their part, looked different kinds of pained, with the former closing her eyes and taking a deep breath in while the latter pursed her lips and seemed to stand even stiffer than usual.

"That's the problem. I don't know. I can only work with so much information but there's a lot of unknowns. You saw how it went the other times, there's always room for the disease to fight back or for my spells not to work completely. We've been relatively lucky so far, but one of these days we might not be," he explained, running his fingers through his hair. Then he closed his eyes, feeling off his many sensing spells already set up so that he could have as good an idea of what was happening as possible when he actually started casting.

"I'll take that risk anyway," Soren said firmly.

"There's no need to rush into things, sir," Joshua told the devil, almost wishing that he'd take him up on that. "We can wait a little longer, I'm sure I can come up with more monitoring spells and improve on the treatment ones if we can just wait some more."

"But doing things like this is better, is it not?" Soren asked, his eyes locking on Joshua's and staring intently into them. "Is that not the case?" the devil asked and he could only grimace, giving away the answer. "I don't want this sword hanging over my head any longer, Joshua. I trust you."

He wished the devil would trust him less, in all honesty.

"As you say, sir."

"I told you to call me Soren, didn't I?" he was asked then, seeing a smile on the devil's face.

"That you did, Soren. Sorry," he replied with a grin of his own, even if it was far from happy. "Then… I'll start now."

To that, the only thing Lord Sitri did was nod and settle on the armchair.

So, with that decided, Joshua readied himself. He might need to act quickly before things could spiral out of his control. He'd done a number of adjustments to the first set of spells he'd cast to keep Soren's illness at bay and all of those times he'd had to make quick patchups on the fly right afterwards. He knew to expect that, even if he didn't know what he'd have to do.

So, slowly, he went for it.

One spell cast, then another, and soon he was flying through all of them. Sure enough, he felt the shift caused by the Sleep Disease in Soren's energies and he had to persevere despite those. There were many spells that needed to be cast quickly and then he could see what holes he'd missed or what new development he was hit with. He needed to be faster though, before things got too out of hand.

As he continued placing down wards, hexes and boons, Joshua kept a close eye on every development of the Disease and the spells he'd already cast. His mind started working out patches for everything in case someone out of the expected happened, but things were going mostly according to plan. He just needed a few more spells and then he'd know for sure.

Some more…

Just a handful…

Just the last ones…

And then, eventually, he was down to the very last one, which was placed without fanfare. Immediately afterwards, he took a deep breath in and kept his attention firmly locked on everything he was picking up from his sensing, both personal and spell given. Soren looked more drained than ever, barely hanging to his consciousness, but that was nothing new. The harsh reaction of the Sleep Disease to Joshua's spells was something they'd gone through every single time.

It wasn't really indicative of much, but it did spur him to try harder every single time.

That day was no exception.

So, he watched closely, using his many spells to check on anything and everything he'd ever managed to find that could need attention. A small army of wards, hexes and boons monitored everything that happened under their area of influence, notifying him of everything that could be of importance. That is, when he wasn't checking in on them himself just to be sure that something was going on but didn't quite trigger the spells.

"Joshua?" he heard Serafall behind him. He didn't answer her, staring intently at Soren, who continued to breathe with some difficulty but otherwise seemed to be fine. He was recovering, at the very least. But he couldn't let his guard down. "Joshua is there a problem? You… aren't casting," his devil partner asked, concern bleeding into her voice, but he didn't have an answer for her as he frowned.

Then he looked to the side, where Cheshire stood, looked at him and then meowed.

He let out a breath in the form of a sigh.

"Joshua, talk to me, please," Serafall urged him and he looked at her.

"Nothing… Nothing happened. The spells worked perfectly," he said and it should have been good, but it felt wrong. Every single attempt he'd made so far had gone sideways at least a little bit. If nothing was happening, it made him feel like there was something, just that he was missing it.

Cheshire meowed again and his eyes snapped towards Soren.

Then he blinked.

Serafall didn't call for him again this time, instead deciding to wait. She was smart like that, because she knew that something was going on now. She just had no idea as to what. To be fair to her, Joshua didn't feel like he knew more, despite his many spells helping him out.

'No way,' he thought, eyes widening.

Going over all the data he was getting once again, he confirmed that… it did seem to be the case. He wasn't reading it wrong, nor was it some kind of fake reading. It just kept going and going. By the second, it became even more readily apparent.

"Joshua?" Serafall asked once again, after making sure that there was nothing urgent going on, probably by reading his expression. "Something we should know?"

"I'd say so, yes," he mumbled, looking at Soren as if he could pry answers from the man. In turn, Lord Sitri stared back at him in turn, as if wondering what was going on. That day's "treatment" was going much differently. No wonder about that though, considering… "The Sleep Disease is… letting go," he said and he didn't need to look around to see the ripples that his statement caused.

"What do you mean… letting go?" Soren asked, looking and feeling like he didn't want to get his hopes up.

"The Disease is pulling away. It's not fighting my spells as it did before. Before there'd always been this pressure that my spells took care of to keep the illness away, but now the Sleep Disease is… for lack of a better way to explain it, giving up," Joshua explained, gulping as he tried to get a better idea of what was going on. It couldn't be that…

"So… I'm cured?" Soren asked and this time there was no holding back.

"I don't want to give you hope without the proper data to back that up, but it… looks like you are getting there," Joshua answered and the excitement did dim a little in the devil's eyes but not much. "I'll have to keep you under observation and likely continue to check up on you to see if anything changes or it starts pushing back after a while. This is literally new territory. I don't know what can happen now, so I'll have to visit a few times a day to make sure nothing happens. My spells should warn you if something drastic happens and I'll come immediately, but still, it never hurts to be careful."

He was going to say a few more things, but he was interrupted by a soft, watery laugh. A moment later, Soren found himself with a very emotional Lady Sitri throwing herself at him and gripping at the front of his clothes as she cried. With a slight smile, Joshua stepped back as he saw Sona approach her parents, not without giving him a grateful nod that he returned.

"Not going to join them?" he asked, keeping his eyes on the three Sitri.

"I can celebrate with them later," Serafall said, right beside him, before resting her head on his shoulder. "Thank you."

"The least I could do," he waved off easily. "What kind of partner would I be if I didn't do something like this when I can?"

"You are an idiot," she mumbled.

"I've been called that sometimes, yeah."

"You are my idiot though," she added, making him smile. "You are the best, Joshua."

"I try," he replied, having to hold back a shrug since she was still leaning on him. "I really hope I'm right and this is what it seems," he commented, his mood dropping a little. "And there's no guarantee that it'll work on those already asleep, so there's that."

He was really reaching for things that could be wrong about the set up that he had at the moment. He hadn't gotten a Quest screen, and he was pretty sure this was the kind of thing that would warrant one. So, either the Sleep Disease would take time to be fully purged from Soren, or there were things to be done to make his current set up actually cure it. Regardless, Joshua would still keep looking.

"Even if he's not cured, you are getting there anyway. So… thank you," Serafall said. "I'll be sure to reward you for your hard work later too," she added, her tone shifting and he grinned a little wider.

"A celebration of our own?"

"You bet."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Some of Parent!Joshua, some of Professor!Joshua and some of Success!Joshua, that's what we have in this chapter, it seems. Story is once more a little derailed from what I had planned but I think I'm finding the tracks again… the way ahead is still kind of misty, but I'm a little less lost…

Or so I think, one never knows with my characters.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter though.

Random Question: Who's your favorite character right now? Justify your answer.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 178 others
Adrian King
Aug 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 140 - So Fly on Your Own
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#511
So Fly on Your Own

"So, what do we do now?" he asked, moving to sit at the island of his kitchen opposite from Serafall. They'd gotten up a little late so Jeanne and Asia weren't around. Which suited them just fine, since it allowed them the chance to have some more time alone to themselves. "I imagine this will be troublesome… again."

"Gee, it's almost like you did something that was previously thought impossible… again," she told him, both amused and unimpressed. "Who could have predicted this, right?"

"I just… could do without the stuffy party, that's all. I'm enough of a recluse that the rest of the mess doesn't really affect me," he commented with a shrug, bringing his cup of tea to his lips. "Anything else I should be aware of?"

"Well, for one, we'll keep it hush-hush just yet. We aren't sure that you've cured it, at least for those not asleep. So it's not really that much of a problem," Serafall said, much to his relief. "I'd say you need to prepare yourself for when you do get it done though. That's when the stuffy party will take place," she told him with a grin that only widened when he sighed.

"I can tell you that I'm not looking forward to that," he replied, running his fingers through his hair. "I almost want to delay the spell," he commented, taking another sip from his drink. "Almost, but not quite."

Because he had promises to keep with Sairaorg and because he wanted to further reassure the Sitri family. It'd be annoying, but it would all be worth it. Certainly more worth it, for him, than the Phoenix Spell. That one had all been about favor and standing with a little bit of helping Rias and doing a smaller favor for Sairaorg on the side. This one was almost fully personal really. It wasn't like Joshua felt like going through all the trouble that would be healing countless diseases and such.

Maybe with time, but at that very moment? He had a lot more pressing matters to deal with. Khaos Brigade, Ophis, Trihexa, those were his worries. Which was why he needed to continue building his public persona and maybe pull more people into the mix. People in the DxD world seemed to take debts and favors very seriously.

He planned to take advantage of that.

"I know that face, are you thinking about spells or plans?" Serafall asked curiously, her upper lip sporting a stain of the entirely too sweet drink he'd prepared for her. "What is it, what is it?"

"Plans, right now," he answered with an amused smile. He did have some plans for the future. He just needed to open some time slots to take care of that. As it was, he was a little busy with all that he had in hand. Maybe once he was done with the Sleep Disease, he'd have a chance of starting to make some moves.

"Anything I should know?"

"Probably," he acknowledged, closing his eyes for a moment. "I'd rather not talk business right now though," he added, taking a sip from his cup of tea. "Are you gonna spend the day with your family?"

"I wish," the woman answered with a groan. "I can't tell the Underworld that we think we found a cure for Sleep Disease just yet, so I don't have a proper excuse. I'll visit them after I leave here though. After that, it's back to work with me," she explained, ending her little speech with a mighty pout. "I don't wanna deal with the stuffy people, Josh!"

"What do you want me to do about it?" he asked with a raised eyebrow and a smile. "Why do you think I prefer being a hermit?"

"Can I be a hermit with you?" she shot back, batting her eyes at him.

"No, you'd drag all the stuffy people to my cave," he replied mercilessly. "You can use the Phoenix Spell and the Sleep Disease cure whenever it's done if you want though," he added. "You'd know how to work with the devils better than I would anyway."

"You are the best, Josh~!" she cheered childishly, making him chuckle.

"Happy to help," he said, leaning forward and resting his head on his palm. He was feeling a little sleepy still, but the day was underway already. If things went well, maybe he'd be able to get a nap in between things.

He'd have to check with Ravel, he supposed.

He was still getting used to that.

"So, you'll be busy for the rest of the day?" he asked.

"Seems like it," Serafall answered, making a show of looking disappointed about that. "Already making plans to spend that time with Yasaka, aren't you?" she added with a point.

He just raised an eyebrow at her.

"Not really. Just wanted to see if I could think of something for whenever you are free," he answered calmly. He was fairly sure that the two that had practically shoved him into the weird relationship they had were the least inclined to make actual problems about it. At least, so far as he didn't mess up somehow, which he tried to be careful not to.

"Then it's all fine~," Serafall said, shifting back to her cheerful persona like the Serafall from a few seconds before hadn't even existed. Joshua wondered when he'd gotten used to that part of her. Ultimately it was a good thing he had, otherwise she'd be very exhausting to deal with. "I'll try to surprise you, but no promises," she added, deflating a little bit.

"I mean, I expect any time you make will be to spend with your family. I appreciate that you came with me last night, but go celebrate. I might drop by over there to check on Soren a few times. We might cross paths there," he told her, optimistically. His visits weren't going to be long and Serafall was unlikely to make much time in her schedule considering she'd already done so the previous day for the Sleep Disease treatment test.

"Here's hoping," she replied with a smile, before standing up and walking around the counter. "I have to go though," she added, pulling him into a long kiss. "Don't miss me too much, yeah?" she asked when she pulled back, smiling and winking at him.

"No promises," he replied with a smile of his own. "Good luck."

"I don't need no luck, mister," she told him, fake scandalized before winking again and sticking her tongue out as she started teleporting away.

'Well, I have things to do on my end too, I guess,' he mused, finishing his cup of tea and considering how to proceed with his day. There were things he needed to address, some more important than others… 'No rest for the wicked.'

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

She took a deep breath in to calm herself.

It was fine, this wasn't the first time Joshua visited her office. Not even the first time he came on his own accord, for that matter. It was fine. There was nothing for her to worry about. There were no problems with his classes that she knew of, not even from members of other associations. It was fine. She'd even checked the information she'd sent to fulfill the "favor" he'd asked from her when he wanted to throw his weight around a bit.

It was fine.

Agnes still couldn't help but feel uneasy though. No matter what she did, she still felt like she was a breath away from getting in trouble. Joshua was just someone that she couldn't afford to annoy. He had the full backing of the pantheon that had allowed House of Water to remain relevant when they were a second rate association. He was the very reason they'd stepped up to the big leagues.

If he turned on them, they were as good as done.

Agnes was keenly aware of that fact every time she had to deal with the man those days. Sure, the man was kind almost to a fault, but that just made her be even more on edge. After all, she was used to dealing with people that had clear lines for her to dodge. Joshua, however, was so nice that she couldn't see any traps, but she knew they were there. Everyone had things that could trigger them. Not knowing which were Joshua's just made her feel more nervous.

'Nothing to do but deal with it,' she told herself, gathering herself as she felt the man approaching her office through the wards around the place. Wards that the man himself had improved, she reminded herself. The small, scared voice in her mind wondered if his spells told him when she used them consciously like at that moment. Agnes wouldn't have been surprised if that was the case.

With Joshua, it was easier to assume that he could do anything, at least when it came to spells.

Soldiering through that uneasy thought, she focused on the second presence that followed Joshua towards her office. The devil, Ravel Phenex of all people. Agnes would be a liar if she hadn't wondered if she could pull the devil to their side. Having a secondary backer besides the Egyptians would be nice. Ultimately though, it wouldn't get rid of the main problem she had to deal with at that very moment, which was her dependance on Joshua.

Then again, she was unlikely to be able to do that anyway, she supposed.

'Head in the game, Agnes,' she told herself as the two reached her door and knocked. It was a small gesture, but considering how much power he held over her and her association, it was nice of Joshua to at least show respect to her. Nobody would have batted an eye at him sauntering around like he owned the place.

As it was, he could own the place if he wanted to.

"Come in," she replied quickly, but not too quickly. "Joshua, Miss Phenex," she greeted as they walked in and saw the girl narrow her eyes. Immediately, she feared having messed up but she didn't know where. Ravel wasn't lady of her house and she was far from the heiress position, what with having three male siblings older than her. Agnes knew that much.

"Agnes, good to see you again," the man replied easily, ignoring whatever issue his… What even was the Phenex to him? She didn't know and he'd never explained. He'd just asked if he could bring her around and Agnes didn't have much of a choice when she said yes, really. Neither had she wanted to pry.

She couldn't help but picture the young devil as a secretary though, what with the way she followed Joshua around, carrying a notepad in her hands.

Surely not, right?

"I could say the same," she replied, forming a smile on her face. "I trust the resources I've been giving you are to your liking?" she asked then, wondering if that was what he wanted to talk about. Why the man wanted books and tomes on different magic systems, she couldn't fathom. It was basically useless to learn another system once you had one down and he certainly had the one he was using very well in hand.

Agnes wasn't about to actually question him on that.

The man's mind worked differently, she knew.

"Yes, they've been helping a bunch, actually," he answered, clearly not just saying that. She was almost scared to know what he was working on, to be honest. "I don't want to bore you with my tinkering though," he added then and Agnes almost told him that she didn't mind at all. She was almost jealous of his students, after all. She had recordings of his classes, of course, but it wasn't the same. "I'm here for something else anyway," he added then, turning to look at the Phenex that had sat beside him and had her notepad ready.

"Lay it on me then. What can I do for you, Joshua?" she asked, preparing herself. Sure, he hadn't asked for much of her so far, but one never knew. Besides, if he'd taken council from a devil then-

"I want an official position within House of Water," he said without preamble or beating around the bush. The direct way he said that completely blindsided Agnes. From all the possibilities her mind had conjured, that wasn't one of the options her mind had conjured.

"A high one," the Phenex beside him tacked in, staring straight at her as if Agnes would have dared to give Joshua a regular member position or something. She was sure her own association would have torn her to pieces if she had the audacity to pull that stunt off.

Joshua, for his part, just rolled his eyes.

"What she said," he commented.

"Any position in particular you were interested in?" Agnes asked, her mind racing with possibilities and what each of them could mean for her and House of Water. Joshua officially being part of their association would be huge. So far, he was more of an independent party that just so happened to work with them instead of anyone else. If he joined though, all his pull, or his power and all his standing, would as well as be House of Water's.

There was, however, the drawback of House of Water being even more under Joshua's thumb. Because they could get away with paying their debt back, even if it took a lifetime or ten to do so. If he joined them, however, there would be no escaping, no paying back. Because Joshua himself being there would be a huge semi-permanent favor to them, for as long as he remained a member.

"Not really," Joshua answered with a shrug, as if what he was asking was no big deal. Agnes supposed, to him, it probably wasn't. "To be honest with you, I don't care for it. I probably won't even use it. It's all mostly so that I have a solid position to go with the reputation I'm building."

That… made sense? But only just barely. Agnes could confidently say that she'd never met a magician that didn't care for a high position in an association. Even those rare ones that were less selfish, much like Joshua was. Then again, what benefit would a high position with House of Water bring him that he didn't already have.

The whispers were already spreading that he was in a relationship with both the West Youkai Faction Leader and the Satan of Foreign Affairs. He was also the Pharaoh of the Egyptian Pantheon. On top of that, there was the power that he held just by himself as one of – if not the – best Ward Magic users in the world… together with being very good on a bunch of other branches.

House of Water had only been raised to the position it was in through him. So, there was little they could offer him in terms of things he couldn't get on his own, really. So, jarring as it was to realize, Joshua really meant what he said.

"It can be done, yes," she said in the end, because what could she do? Deny the man what he wanted? She'd already tried that when he had wanted to place wards around her association's base and look how well that'd gone. And that was because there hadn't been any clear benefits to himself, other than maybe place backdoors and such, which she rather doubted he needed, really. Now that it was almost definitely a solid thing for himself…

Well, she didn't have much of a choice, really.

"Great," Joshua replied, smiling at her in a way that made him seem harmless. Agnes knew better though. "It doesn't have to change anything about how we work, honestly. I mean it when I say I don't care."

"I might act on Mr. Davis' behalf, however," the Phenex added there at the end, sitting straight and prim on her armchair. Agnes took note of the fact that she called Joshua "Mr. Davis" which was interesting. The man always asked others to call him by his name, so either he hadn't done that with this girl or she chose to ignore his request. Both had about the same implication and that was that the devil was the one below Joshua in the totem pole of their relationship.

Very interesting.

Some theories about Joshua having a reverse contract situation with the Phenex girl were looking pretty likely for Agnes at that very moment.

"She'll run everything by me though, but she is the one that understands how all this works better," Joshua admitted then with a shrug and a self-deprecating smile. If he'd been politically inclined, Agnes would have seriously been twice or thrice as scared as she already was of him and that was saying something. "If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to bring them up with me and we can discuss them," he told her, which didn't seem to please Phenex overly much, but the girl reluctantly nodded.

Curiouser and curiouser.

"Well, that was all. I'll leave you to your work, yes?" Joshua continued then, calmly standing up. "I have work of my own to get to, I guess."

"Ma'am," the comms with her secretary sprang to life then. "Mr. Davis. Mrs. Báthory is here to see you."

"Both of us?" Joshua asked, seemingly a little confused by the message.

"Let her in," Agnes said, already not looking forward to dealing with the thorn on her side. Hopefully, having Joshua metaphorically standing next to her in the association would make Báthory less of a pain in the ass. She wasn't getting her hopes up though.

"Waterhouse, Joshua," the woman in question greeted as she came in.

"Báthory."

"Elizabeth, thanks for saving me the time looking for you," Joshua greeted then, actually looking pleased and very much getting both of their attention with his words. He wanted to talk with her too? Was it for the same reason or-? "Here," he said then, summoning a… notebook. "What you wanted," was all the man said and Báthory in an uncharacteristic move rushed to take the object, looking almost like a child afraid to have their favorite toy taken from them.

"Truly?" Báthory asked, opening it. After scanning the first few pages hurriedly, Agnes saw her eyes widen. Then the woman turned her eyes towards Joshua.

"For what you've done for me so far… and a forward payment for something else I need from you," he said.

"Anything," Báthory said instantly, making Agnes' eyebrows raise.

"That's what I wanted to hear," Joshua replied with a grin that was decidedly less kind than his usual. "I need information about vampires."

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

"You ready?"

"I couldn't be more ready if I tried," Raynare replied, some of her less than friendly personality bleeding into her voice due to how impatient she found herself. Almost as soon as the words left her mouth, however, she had to hold back a flinch. She was barely getting into Davis' good side, if it could even be called that. It wouldn't do to shoot herself in the foot at that moment.

Especially at that moment.

"Ok then," the man replied, apparently not caring for her tone, which was a huge relief. If she ruined things for herself, Raynare might just cut out her own tongue to prevent it from happening again. That was how much she wanted to not mess up things.

Not only was Davis making her stronger than she'd ever dreamed, but what they were about to attempt?

It meant everything.

"Brace yourself. This could… get ugly," he warned and she nodded, clenching her jaw and doing as he told her. Because if the man that had been on the edge of torturing the fuck out of her and her fellow fallen was warning her like that, then it meant that things would get really ugly. She still couldn't wait though. "In three… two… one."

And then he started casting, again and again and again.

And Raynare felt it all, the spells washing over her, wards, hexes, boons. All of it formed around her, loomed over her, and then, they started diving in on her. She felt them prodding her, checking her and then… they started actually working.

Raynare felt them seize control of her energies, because there was usually a modicum of chaos, a measure of variance when. There was fluctuation in the magic and the tainted light that resided in her. At that moment, however, Davis' spells had taken control, keeping them going as normal, but in an uncanny, unnatural evenness that she couldn't describe. Like someone had made an unnerving copy of how her magic should look like when "normal" but without those little quirks that made her a living being.

It was strange, it was concerning and, in the privacy of her own mind, Raynare would admit that it all scared her more than a little.

She didn't say anything though, because there was no way she was backing down.

So, she stood there, even if she so dearly wished to move, to try and make her energies move differently, to show that they weren't that strange robot-like presence all over her existence. She needed to stay put though, she knew. So she did, eventually noticing how the energies started shifting differently, but not as usual. No, Davis' spells were doing their work, whatever it was that they were doing.

And she felt it, especially on her wings and her back, but through her whole being too. She felt the energies shift as if trying to add another set of wings where there was none. That wasn't all though. It wasn't that simple, Davis had explained during another testing session. There was another change, much more subtle, going on with her energy.

The magic and the tainted light in her changed ever so slightly, like the shift between red and an ever so slightly lighter or darker shade. Almost unnoticeable, especially if you looked at it on its own. Raynare was looking at it as it changed though, she was connected to the energies changing and it was, arguably, much more allowing view than just putting both colors side to side.

Raynare was having trouble breathing, not only because of the disturbance in the energies that made her her, but also because it was putting a strain on her like she'd never experienced. Her muscles burned, her bones ached and the blood on her veins seemed to flow forcefully, if that made any sense. It was… It was…

"I guess it's too much," she heard, the voice somehow piercing through her suddenly numb mind. She hadn't even realized that she was so out of it. "I'll have to make adjustments, but for now, this is-"

"No!" Raynare cried out, because she might not fully understand what was going on, with her body, with her surroundings, or much of anything… But she knew that this was to be stronger. She couldn't let it stop just because she wasn't comfortable. "I can take it! Keep going!" she demanded.

She didn't get an answer and the shift didn't continue…

Until a few seconds passed.

"So be it, then."

She would have cheered if she weren't feeling like she'd collapse any second. She'd been feeling like that for a while, actually. Raynare imagined it was the energies and the spells keeping her up, not herself. Otherwise, she couldn't fathom how she was managing.

The strain grew, together with the uncanny feeling and the shift in her energies and her very self. It pulled her, it squeezed her and it also charged her, whatever that might be. It was disorienting and maddening but it kept going and she had to struggle to think at all.

And then…

Then it all stopped.

Suddenly, there was no strain. Her mind started pulling itself together and then. The uncanny feeling receded. She started feeling like herself once more.

No.

Not like herself.

"It worked?" Raynare mumbled and it was only then that she realized that she'd fallen to her knees at some point.

"Looks like it did," Davis answered, sounding like he didn't know if to believe it himself. "We'll see, I guess… but it seems to have worked."

And those words were music to her ears.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Joshua just can't go a few chapters without defying the logic of the world anymore, apparently. Fun stuff for the people of DxD, I imagine. I'm sure they are having a great time watching their world's rules being torn apart.

Anyway, I hope you liked the chapter.

Random Question: I don't know. I'm feeling lazy. Anything you wanna tell me?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 183 others
Adrian King
Aug 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 141 - Let’s Make Tonight the Weekend
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#515
Let's Make Tonight the Weekend

"I don't have four wings," Raynare said, standing before the mirror he'd provided, as if he couldn't notice that fact himself. Joshua just continued looking at her, checking with his spells to make sure. However, there was no denying one single fact.

He'd gotten the screen.

[Quest Complete: Give a Fallen Angel an extra set of wings.

+ Perk Revea#

+ Perk Partially Revealed: ######### of ###

+ 25 levels to Boon Magic

+ 25 levels to Light Resistance

+ 15 levels to Electric Resistance]

He didn't think the system had ever been wrong about something like that, so he was trusting it at that very moment. There was also the fact that the change in Raynare's energy had happened. Everything had worked just as intended, surprisingly enough, even if there'd been a solid minute there where he thought the fallen was about to explode or something.

The only reason for doubt was… well, the lack of extra wings.

"It might need some time to take, but I'm sure it worked," he told Raynare, who seemed to very much want to argue. However, ultimately, she took a moment to calm herself down and nodded. That was a lot more controlled than he'd expected her to be. Evidently, even if it was still weird, she had seemingly decided that his word was all that was important.

All because he was giving her strength.

Joshua couldn't say he could empathize, but he could sort of understand. What he wanted was safety and stability. What she wanted was power. Whatever worked for her, Joshua supposed. As long as she was on his side, he'd nod and be grateful. She was, after all, kind of growing on him.

Like a fungus, sort of.

"Now what?" Raynare asked, turning to look at him.

"Now, take it easy for a bit. Feel out your new energies and check that everything's fine. Get used to your new… self, I guess. I'll keep a close eye on you for the time being and see if anything of note happens," he answered, tilting his head as he mulled over the question some more. "Anything you want to point out besides what you've told me already?"

"I don't think so. I told you everything that I could about the process and what I feel like right now," she replied. Then a half-smile that held the smallest bit of meanness to it appeared on her face, belying the fact that she was, indeed, the Raynare that he'd known from canon. "Besides the fact that I'm hungry, I guess."

"As good a time as any for a snack," Joshua commented, wondering if there was anything to that.

"You don't have to sound so serious," she pointed out.

"You being hungry right now might be important. The wings are flesh and blood, even if it's all tailored through energy. Maybe you need the resources for your body to make those wings physically," he explained, making the fallen stiffen. "Or it could just be that you are hungry," he added with a shrug while she deflated. "Coincidences happen, but there's no point in ignoring it just because it could be a coincidence. It's why I like to wring every little detail when I test spells. Helps me find small things that might seem irrelevant but could actually be important."

"Hmm, I guess that makes sense," she said, her face as if carved out of stone. Joshua could almost see the gears turning in her head.

"Come on," he told her, turning and starting to make his way to the kitchen. If the system wasn't wrong and he'd actually succeeded, which he had little reason to doubt, but still, then he wanted to keep a close eye on the woman for the moment. 'Projects are coming to a close,' he mused to himself as he walked, the sound of Raynare's steps following close behind and Cheshire moving right beside him.

'Now that I have a moment though,' he thought, glancing at the half-dismissed screen that had just popped up. Most of it was interesting, sure, like the Boon Magic boost. It was great. However, the part that called for his attention was the mysterious Perk. 'Revealed, not new or whatever else,' he noticed with narrowed eyes. Did that mean that he'd always had the Perk?

If so, he was very curious.

Unfortunately, his curiosity wouldn't be anywhere near satisfied, considering the screen that appeared when he called for the Perk was empty.

'Oh well,' he thought, mulling over this new information for a bit before deciding to let it be. He was sure more would be revealed once more time had passed. As it was, he had too much on his plate to worry about that thing. If he'd had it that long and it hadn't caused any problems, then it was fine. What was the worst that could happen? Another case like his memory seal or whatever? He'd come out of that rather fine, if he did say so himself.

If it was something troublesome, he'd deal with it when it came to it.

'I can probably take a closer look at some point though, I guess,' he mused. It couldn't hurt to check if he had some free time, he guessed. Not that he had a lot of that, but still. Maybe he'd have some, he supposed. 'For now…'

"What do you feel like eating?" he asked once they reached the kitchen, with Cheshire jumping on top of the counter while he opened the fridge to check its contents. Sure, he had a lot of stuff in Storage Spells and such, but he liked to do things the mundane way at times. Kind of like how he still walked between places in his home instead of teleporting everywhere.

"I get to choose?" Raynare asked, more genuinely confused than being sarcastic.

"Call it me feeling generous. It's always nice when a test goes well," he commented with a shrug and a lazy smile. The Sleep Disease test had gone well and now this. He felt pretty good about himself, if he were honest.

Now he just needed to keep the ball rolling.

[}-o-{]​

"Can I?! Can I?!" Kunou exclaimed, bouncing on her feet and putting on her best pleading expression. It was… very effective, Joshua would admit. He wasn't very sure why she was putting on such a show though. Neither was he very sure why she wanted to be there for the gathering of friends Jeanne was going to have at their home at Kuoh. They didn't use the place much ever since they got it, but it was better than explaining how Jeanne lived in Kyoto but still had no problems attending Kuoh every day.

"I don't know," he answered with a flat look before turning towards a very amused Yasaka. "I don't have a problem with it, so…"

"She can go, if it doesn't bother you," the woman replied, turning the whole thing back to him. He noticed that she looked kind of sad, which he guessed was because she couldn't come with them if Kunou did go there. She couldn't leave Kyoto, after all.

He needed to work more on Project Freedom, evidently.

"I guess you can come, brat."

"Yaaa-" Kunou started celebrating before pausing. "Wait, what? I'm not a brat!"

"Sure you aren't, Kunou," he commented, planting a hand over her head and ruffling her hair. "Sure you aren't." Her daughter pouted up at him before huffing and looking aside. She didn't move from under his hand though. "Well, you have to get ready if you want to come, right?" he pointed out, which seemed to remind her that, indeed, she needed to do that. In the blink of an eye, the girl had already dashed away.

That is, before peeking back into the room for a moment.

"Don't you dare leave without me, dad!"

"I wouldn't dare," he replied with an amused smile. Once she was gone once more, he chuckled and shook his head. "It's fine, right?"

"Of course," Yasaka reassured with a smile of her own.

"I guess I'm still kind of stuck in the times when we kept it all hidden," he mused out loud, leaning forward on the table and still looking at the spot where his daughter had disappeared. "Feels odd to be able to introduce her to everyone now."

"Doesn't seem to be the case for her," Yasaka pointed out, giggling a little behind her hand and he could only chuckle along too. "I suspect that she wants to make sure none of those girls get too friendly with you."

To that, Joshua just rolled his eyes.

"First of all, I very much doubt that," he said, only earning himself a raised eyebrow from Yasaka, which was… fair, he supposed. He'd been deliberately oblivious and actually oblivious with her and Serafall for quite a while but still. What were the chances?... On second thought, he didn't want to know. "Second of all," he continued on, vanishing those thoughts from his mind. "I'm not interested in them anyway. They are minors," he said and that seemed to be enough for Yasaka to let things go with a nod.

"Not quite the case with these mothers that Jeanne mentioned the other day," she pointed out, making him groan. He was going to make his sister pay for that one. If Yasaka was teasing him about it, then he didn't want to know what Serafall was going to do whenever she got around using that info.

"I'm still not interested. As it happens, I already feel in over my head more often than not with just you two," he said, being painfully honest. Because really, how was he supposed to feel when he was in a relationship with people like Yasaka and Serafall? A part of him told him that they'd asked for it, and that he wasn't the same lonely boy he'd been growing up anymore. However… old habits died hard, he supposed. "So, no, I think I'm happy with you two. More than happy, really."

Because he was still riding that high, really. Even if it'd calmed down plenty, it was still there. Going from being happy to have friends and a daughter, he'd jumped straight to having two wonderful women that were interested in him, that loved him. It was… more than a little overwhelming, especially when he stopped to think about it.

His thoughts were interrupted when Yasaka, sitting beside him, leaned against his shoulder.

"I love you," she told him and it would never not bring a smile to his face to hear that, he was sure.

"I love you too," he replied softly. "I wish I could invite you to come too."

"Hm, it's unfortunate, yes," she said and he didn't need to look at her to know she was sad. He wouldn't stand for that.

"How about Kunou and I teleport back and forth between here and there?" he suggested, the plan forming in his head. "I can't ditch Jeanne just like that, even if I can place illusions and such, but they'll be busy with each other more than caring if I'm there all the time."

"If you say so," she teased once more and he just rolled his eyes.

"And I'd much rather spend more time with you, quite honestly," he continued, and Yasaka snuggled against his side some more. He was definitely going to be putting more work into Project Freedom. Good thing that Project Ascension had seen great progress and so had Project Awakening.

"Kunou might want to stay there though, and I'd rather you be there to keep an eye on her," Yasaka pointed out and he rolled his eyes again.

"Kunou just wants to go so she can tell them that I'm her father," he said, drawing a giggle from the woman. "Once that's done, it'll just be a regular night for us, I'm sure."

"Hm, you might be onto something there," Yasaka whispered, shifting her head and grabbing his chin to move his. "Thank you," she said before kissing him.

"I'm ready!"

"You have shit timing, Kunou."

"Language," Yasaka chided him, slapping his chest weakly.

He stood by what he said though and she seemed to agree, even if she wouldn't say it.

[}-o-{]​

"Am I doomed to this? Sometimes I wonder," Joshua said, his voice barely avoiding being just a sigh.

"You've got to be one of the most confusing and refreshing people to ever join my association," Agnes commented, looking like she didn't know if to be annoyed or amused. Ultimately, she seemed to settle for the latter. "Look at everyone else," she added, glancing around the room. "They are right at home."

"No wonder most of them are shit magicians," he mused mildly, drawing a snort from the woman next to him. He wasn't even kidding. He had a sense of them through the defenses he'd placed around House of Water and through his own Magic Sense. Most of the people present weren't all that, with some notable exceptions like Agnes herself or Elizabeth.

Funnily enough, lower ranked people tended to have more and more controlled energy.

"Maybe they should stop playing politics and attending stuffy parties and work more," Joshua continued blandly. Because God damn, no wonder these people were so in awe of him. Most of them looked like they barely put effort into anything other than settings like that.

"Ouch," Agnes said, not even trying to fake offense.

"You know what I mean. You have to know that most of them are…" he trailed off then, waving his hand towards the crowd while words failed him.

"You are not wrong, I guess," Agnes acknowledged without having any problems. If anything, she sounded and looked as disappointed and annoyed as he felt. Evidently, the situation of her association left some things to be desired.

Not that the party to announce his official place within House of Water was only attended by members of the association. There were people from other associations, as Agnes had pointed out as they arrived. Hell, she'd commented on members of factions dropping by. He was a little nervous about that, but he was also looking forward to it. Maybe he could get some more balls rolling in regards to Khaos Brigade, if he was lucky.

For the moment though, it was just magicians around.

"At least it's not just House of Water," he commented, drawing a snort from Agnes once more. It wasn't even a lie. The magicians around looked all about the same. If the Director had told him that they were all from the same association, he'd have believed her.

"What about your stars?" Agnus asked all of a sudden, making him blink. That came a bit out of left field, or was it just him?

"What about them?" Joshua replied, looking towards the corner of the room where his star students had gathered and seemed to awkwardly sit or stand, as if trying to blend with the wall. He could relate to that, but he rather suspected it wasn't because they were all terribly awkward in a party like he was.

"Do they look better?" Agnes clarified.

"Leave them to me for a little longer and I'll have them running circles around everyone here except you and people around your level," he answered confidently. Because he'd seen the progress his students made. If most of these people were at the level they were after living as long as they had? His students would catch up in no time and he'd be damned if he let them stagnate like that.

"Well, I hope you help me poach more of them, because that sounds like a promising batch of magicians," Agnes commented, but he wasn't sure if she was serious or not. Half serious, maybe? That sounded like the most likely.

"Don't take this the wrong way, but if I never have to attend another of these parties, it'll be too soon," he said flatly, as his awkwardness got the better of him. It was only because everyone had told him that no, it wasn't a good idea to skip the party, that he went through with it. Apparently, it worked against his purpose for joining to do so, since he wanted everyone to know and add it to his growing reputation.

"Is my company not enough for you, Davis?" Agnes growled jokingly. She'd been acting very friendly throughout the whole event so far, Joshua had noticed. However, she wasn't doing a very good job with the act, at least to him. Maybe it was because it looked painfully obvious in his Life Sense though.

She was rather on edge, and she seemed to get even worse at random times when he'd do something. Evidently, his presence made her nervous. It wasn't the first time he noticed though, and Yasaka and Serafall had rolled their eyes when he pointed it out. Apparently, he was very intimidating, what with his reputation and power.

Personally… he guessed he kind of saw it, but still, he couldn't help but think it was weird.

"Right now, you are the only reason I'm not skulking in a corner like my students," he admitted, making the woman giggle. Was she acting like that to make it seem like they were on good terms to others? It was kind of silly, considering they were, but he didn't point it out. He guessed she wanted to make it clear to everyone for some reason and he didn't see one to bother asking or interfering.

Agnes was afraid of him for a reason, so he guessed she'd be too afraid to try to cross him anyway.

And if she did, then she could kiss his classes goodbye. If what everyone told him about it was any indication, then she'd suffer a great loss with just that. At the back of his mind, he felt Nephthys send him a pseudo-message at that very moment. Apparently, the Pantheon would take his side in such a situation, unsurprisingly. That was sure to hit Agnes' even harder.

"Somehow, that's both surprising and not," Agnes commented, and her amusement seemed more genuine. Not that she was faking a lot, mind, but she'd been a lot more open about her emotions, which was the part that stood out. "So, you'll run away if I leave you alone?"

"I'll find a way not to, Ravel would pout if I don't at least try over here," he said idly, and he could tell that the woman didn't believe him. Well, that was her bad. Ravel would definitely pout. She'd already done so when he'd flatly denied her request to do some networking. He'd see if he bothered, but it wasn't likely.

"I'll come back to make you feel better as soon as I can, Joshua," Agnes said, to which he just waved her away. She was worrying too much. Sure, it was nice to have someone around that he was sort of familiar with instead of having to deal with the strangers, but it wasn't like he'd die if she wasn't around.

Really, even if he complained just as much, the stuffy party at House of Water was, at least, much better than the one the devils had thrown. At least there, he felt like he was important. With the devils, it'd felt like he was being circled by sharks. With the magicians, he felt like he was a lion in between dogs. Worrying to an extent, but nowhere near as bad.

There wasn't much reason for him to worry about messing up either. After all, even if he messed up, what were they going to do? That'd be Agnes' problem at worst. They couldn't make things troublesome for him. Not enough to be relevant, at least, so they weren't really threats.

Still, that didn't mean he'd approach any of them now that Agnes wasn't making him seem busy anymore. No, he had a plan B. Enacting it, Joshua started making his way to a particular table. With all eyes on him very often, it didn't take long for people to notice where he was going. The people he was walking towards seemed to straighten where they sat and stood.

"Having a good night at the antisocial table?" he asked with a half-smile and a raised eyebrow.

"Yep," Meredith replied playfully in a way that reminded him of Serafall, sort of.

"We don't really… get invited to this sort of thing often," Fortune commented then, as if trying to excuse them. "We don't know what to do or how not to mess things up."

"Hm, I guess it makes sense. Maybe I dragged you into this a little impulsively," Joshua mused, looking around. Ravel had said this would be a great favor for them, but even if it was, it was also properly intimidating for them, he supposed. Maybe they were more relatable to him than anyone else in that party, funnily enough.

'Well, Ravel did say I should network,' he mused with a wry smile forming on his face. 'Might as well, right?' he decided, glancing around the room and remembering some of the people that Agnes had pointed out to him as they arrived. Slowly, methodically, he went over the information he had and the tools he had at his disposal.

Then he nodded to himself.

"Fortune," he said, his gaze focusing on one group in particular.

"Yes, Professor Davis?" she replied, straightening on her seat as she would in class when singled out for a question.

"You see that group over there?" he asked, pointing at a gathering at another table. "Rosenkreuzer. I heard the guy with the long beard is trying to cast a new spell. Supposedly is struggling with the energy output and hasn't been able to get it just right," he explained before turning towards his student and give her a raised eyebrow. "Sounds like something someone could help with."

"Ah… I, uh, could, probably," she commented, unsure. It was quite the contrast with the woman she usually presented herself as. Certainly different from the shamelessness she displayed when she self-promoted in his class.

"Go then. Just be polite, be clear and if it doesn't work, it doesn't work. If they are assholes in any way, let me know. I'll deal with any trouble they might want to cause," he told her calmly. Well, it was Agnes the one that was going to deal with any trouble, but still, he'd be the one asking. That counted, right?

"If you are… sure, sir," Fortune mumbled, not really standing up. He just gave her an amused look.

"You are always going on and on about what your magic can do, Fortune. Time to put your money where your mouth is, lady," he told her, moving next to her and giving her a pat on the back. "You are one of my stars. You'll do well."

"I… Yes, sir," she mumbled again, but she did stand up and shuffle her way towards the gathering of magicians. As she moved though, he saw some of her usual personality bleed through as her steps gained confidence. 'That's more like it.'

"Now, as for you lot," Joshua continued, turning towards the rest of his star students gathering. For whatever reason, they didn't look thrilled that he was helping them out. "Don't look so nervous. You've got the skills and I've got your backs, it'll be fine," he told them with a roll of his eyes.

From there, he directed his students around the room to people that they could probably at the very least get a job off of. He kept an eye on them as they talked with the other magicians though. Just to be sure to get a good glare in if he thought anyone was going to take advantage of his students. He almost wanted one of them to try so that he could set an example.

Alas, nobody seemed to be dumb enough for that.

When his students started coming back, all of them had good news.

'Pretty sure this counts as networking, right?' Joshua thought to himself. 'Ah, the power of delegation is wonderful.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Nothing better than having someone else deal with the troublesome stuff, amirite? Truly, Joshua is an unprecedented genius and not just because of his spell crafting. I'm sure the Stars won't feel even more in debt because of this.

Either way, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What'd you do during the weekend? I traveled, which left me exhausted, but it could have been worse.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 182 others
Adrian King
Aug 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 142 - Be Together Under the Lights
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#517
Be Together Under the Lights

All in all, Joshua was feeling pretty proud of himself.

"I guess even these parties can be good," he commented, sitting at a table with a drink in his hand. Non-alcoholic, unfortunately, since he'd go back home and likely have to play cards with Kunou until she decided – or he was forced to decide – it was a good enough time to go to sleep. Besides, he didn't like wine and he had a feeling that someone would stab him if he asked for beer.

"I don't think you can count just being by yourself as actually participating in a party," a voice commented, taking a seat beside him on the table his Stars had occupied before. They'd come back eventually, but for the moment, the table was his. He didn't think they were in a hurry anyway, since they seemed rather absorbed with whatever talks they were having where he sent them.

"That's subjective," he replied, a smile on his face. "I say this counts, so it does, for me," he commented with a shrug as he turned his attention to the woman. "How are you liking the book?"

"It's… enlightening. And much more… comprehensible than any texts on the subject I've managed to find," Báthory said, a warm, grateful smile on her face. "It'll take time for me to be able to apply any of it and even longer to see if it can help me, but… I appreciate it all the same. I'm in your debt, Joshua."

"Don't mention it," he waved off with a roll of his eyes. "People just love saying that they owe me. It's weird. I gave you that in order to pay you for what you've done and are doing for me. That's all."

"Well, if you want that to be the case with your deals, then maybe you shouldn't go above and beyond the price for what you are, have or will be getting," Elizabeth told him, sounding both amused an exasperated. "As it is… you bring this on yourself, and it's ever so slightly infuriating to see you complain about it."

"That's… fair," he commented, a wry expression on his face as he sighed. "I don't like it, but it is fair. I just do what I can, it just so happens that people either overreact… or I can't really think of anything other than what I offer."

"Truly, you are a different kind of mean, Joshua," Elizabeth said, giggling behind her hand. He wondered if she was being like that for the same reason that Agnes was acting more friendly. Or if maybe him giving her information regarding Senjutsu had made her that happy. It could be either or… maybe both? "You'll fit perfectly well in House of Water and its reputation, I imagine."

"I'll take that as a compliment, even if it's not," Joshua replied with a chuckle of his own. "As it is, I'm not too worried. If people owe me, then they are less likely to screw me over… Or so I gather. Admittedly, I might be a bit off," he mused out loud.

"About as safe as anyone can be, yes. Unless, that is, whoever backstabs you doesn't care for the absolute political suicide that'd be," Báthory replied and he got the impression that she'd have shrugged if it weren't… unlady-like, or whatever. He'd learned a thing or two about that while around Yasaka and Kunou… and lately Ravel. "Granted, nobody's completely safe from that."

"Betrayal can only come from those you don't expect it from," he commented, fairly sure that he'd butchered that saying three times in one move. Still, the point stood. "Well, I'll take whatever guarantees I can get, I guess."

"That's all any of us can do, indeed," Elizabeth agreed with a nod.

"So, did you just drop by for idle chatter or…?" Joshua asked, leaning back and taking a sip from his drink. Despite his question though, he didn't mind having the woman around. Sure, her energies felt all sorts of… wicked and tainted, but he'd gotten used to that. No only through interactions with her, but through his extensive delving into devil and fallen angel energies.

She was no Agnes and certainly not one of his Stars though, which were about the only people he had any sort of relationship with in that whole place. However, she was a known factor in a place filled with strangers. 'Better the devil you know and all that, right?' he thought to himself, wondering how the woman herself would feel if he actually said that out loud about her.

Not too well, he imagined.

"Hm, just letting all the vultures around know that you've got the approval from both Agnes and me," Elizabeth commented, raising her glass of wine slightly. "It's sure to cement your standing in this association rather well, I imagine. Consider it me beginning to repay my debt a little bit."

He shook his head at her words.

"I really can't find a fuck to give about all this posturing," he said and almost burst into laughter when he saw Elizabeth choke on her drink. "Good thing I won't be dealing with any of them. I'll just let Ravel deal with all that nonsense."

"That can only end well," the woman beside him commented dryly, to which he shot her a grin.

"I expect it will, for me, at least. If you are lucky and you play your cards right, then maybe for you too. For the lot of them though?" he asked, waving his hand towards the crowd, some of which seemed to turn away from him, as if he'd caught them staring. "They better watch out. She might be young but she's smart and a devil. I expect blood to flow."

"And yet people think you are just a goody two-shoes," Elizabeth said, shaking her head.

"I am nice."

"Could have fooled me."

"It's just that I'm nice to a particular number of people," he finished with a grin, drawing a giggle from the woman.

[}-o-{]​

"Mr. Davis! You need to get proper information regarding this!" Ravel whined somewhere in the middle of his "report" regarding the stuffy House of Water party. "How am I supposed to keep proper track of all the favors you are owed if you don't bother to pay attention to them?" she added, pouting in a way that made him feel really guilty.

"I mean, is it necessary to be that precise?" he asked. The blond devil immediately let him know what she thought of that via intensified pouting. 'I'm supposed to be the boss here, right?' he thought to himself wryly. "You can ask them for the details during or after the next class, can't you?"

"It's the principle of the matter, Mr. Davis," she grumbled, huffing and looking away before continuing to work on her notes. She was adorable, truly she was, but she also had her… eccentricities, that was for sure. Not that Joshua was one to talk.

Especially when he was on the set of Serafall's show.

"Shouldn't I be able to pull the string I got by bringing you here so that you aren't angry at me anymore?" he asked with a half-smile that only widened when the girl turned to glare at him. The fact that she didn't say anything spoke volumes though. "Come on, don't give me that. Did you forget what we are here for?"

"For me to do my job?" the blonde asked, blinking confusedly at him. Right, he hadn't told her. In fairness, that was because he wanted to surprise her so… Yeah.

"Partly, but that's also a very small part," he answered, glancing to the side. "How'd you like some autographs from everyone?" he asked, smiling as he noticed several of his coworkers from the show approaching them. He'd explained everything to them, after all.

He was pretty sure it was because of loyalty to Serafall that they'd been so on board with his request. However, he didn't have a problem using that influence to his advantage… and maybe he'd throw some defenses their way, if they really wanted something out of it. He was pretty sure that should work. If it didn't… then it was a matter of delving a little.

He was sure Serafall could help him figure that out.

"Truly?!" Ravel asked, completely forgetting about the previous issue as if it hadn't ever existed. It was adorable and very amusing.

"Yep, go ahead," he said and before he even finished those words, she was already gone. Joshua looked, then, as his secretary went around getting any and all signs in her little notepad. "She's fun."

"I thought you'd think that," Serafall replied from beside him, where she more or less teleported. "Things went well at the party, I heard."

"How'd you even-?" he started, tilting his head before stopping at the devil's mischievous look. "Why am I even surprised?" he ended up saying. Because really. She was the Satan of Foreign Affairs. It was her business to know what went on around the world. She probably had a bunch of contacts that could tell her how things went during the party. "I mostly gave my star students a little boost, really. Other than that, I spent the night talking with Agnes and Elizabeth."

"Should Yasaka and I be worried?" she asked, but it was a bland attempt at a joke even for her. She sounded too… Not serious, not joking, not even curious. It was a strange tone, the one she used.

"As if. No, I have my hands full as it is."

"I feel like that's an insult somehow," Serafall said, narrowing her eyes at him, but he just smiled innocently at her. "You are lucky that you are cute."

"So I've been told," Joshua replied with a chuckle. "Honestly, you two are more than enough for me. I don't know why you both keep asking that sort of question," he added, rolling his eyes.

"You are a smart man. I'm sure you can figure it out," Serafall commented, clearly realizing that no, he wouldn't figure it out. After all, if there was anything that was absolutely beyond him, it was understanding social matters. "Or not," she added then, the mean thing that she was.

"Why did I say yes?"

"Because I'm hot?" she shot back instantly and without hesitation, even going as far as striking a pose.

"Right," he replied, his lip twitching in contained laughter.

"Anyway, the little cutie is almost done over there," Serafall commented, glancing towards where Ravel was talking with the most important villain of the series so far. "And we have a scene to get through, which, if I might remind you, is-"

"-the best scene of the show, in the history of ever and ever," he finished, having been told that repeatedly. "It's just a kiss, Serafall. People have seen us kiss in public a lot thanks to you."

"And they'll see many more," she proclaimed unashamed. "But that's besides the point, Josh! This is the show! People need confirmation. Thus, Levia-tan and Domino Mask must become canon. Do you have any idea how many people have been dying for this to happen?" she asked dramatically. No wonder she'd ended up in the show biz.

"About as many as those that want Domino to end up with "Miss Dark'ness" or about as many as those that want Levi to end up with-"

"Besides the point," Serafall interrupted, narrowing her eyes at him. "There's only one OTP here and that's Dominia," she declared, with a tone of finality.

"But-"

"Nope."

"I was just gonna-"

"Nope."

Joshua gave the woman a flat look that she returned stubbornly. In the end, he could only sigh and shake his head. Truly, why did he even bother at all?

Thus, he went with the only answer that would be accepted.

"Yes, dear."

Serafall hummed contently with a smile on his face.

And that was that.

[}-o-{]​

"Joshua," Koneko's even, almost emotionless, voice reached his ears, making him hum in acknowledgement.

He was a little distracted, but that didn't seem to matter to the girl so long as he was around. And oh was he around, he supposed. She'd basically moved both him and her own sister into the position they were in at the moment. With her back resting against his while she played cards with Kuroka.

She'd dropped by that day basically unannounced, but that was hardly a problem. He didn't remember very well, but he thought he'd told her that she was welcome whenever, and she really was. So, he'd pulled Kuroka away from the training area at the behest of Koneko and that'd been that. Everyone was happy with the arrangement and that was what was important.

He'd have participated in the game himself, or maybe helped Koneko beat Kuroka again, but he was a little busy.

Busy with Raynare, to be specific. Days passed by and it was increasingly more evident – for her, at least, since he already more or less knew – that Project Ascension's latest test had been a success. A second set of wings was growing out of her back, slowly but surely, as if it were a plant sprouting from the ground. It was a fascinating process, because he'd thought that he'd caused it all, that he'd shifted her existence.

As he watched, through his own senses and his spells, however, Joshua couldn't help but mock himself for thinking that. Because he'd done almost nothing. He'd barely scratched the surface of what was necessary for the change to happen. With every minute, every hour, every day, Raynare's energies, presence and existence, changed just that much more. In the end, the only thing Joshua had done was nudge her and plant the seed that was the four-winged Raynare.

And oh boy had she noticed this as time passed, both her new set of wings and her changes.

If he were a god, Joshua wondered if he'd have felt the fallen's worship. Because she was that fanatical at the moment. Raynare had already been… appreciative of his efforts to make her stronger. Now though, with what Project Ascension had achieved, he might as well have become God himself in her eyes.

All orders were carried out.

Every action was taken with him and his opinion in consideration.

The smallest complaint or annoyance from the other two fallen was punished.

All this and more was going on and… Joshua didn't know how to feel about that. Sure, it was nice to know that she was dutiful – if it could be called that –, but it was also strange. Then again, his whole relationship with the fallen had been strange for quite some time by then. He just couldn't seem to fully wrap his mind around the fact that she was the same shit character he'd read so much about.

In the end, he guessed her brief appearance in canon had just tainted his perspective that much.

Joshua had to wonder if that was the case with any other matter.

"She's cheating," Koneko said after a moment where annoyance bleed through her. If Joshua weren't able to basically follow the games without even looking, then maybe he'd have been surprised by the rather strong emotion. Strong in Koneko's standards, at least.

"I'm winning fair and square though~!" Kuroka exclaimed, fake-scandalized. She really wasn't helping her case by being more annoying, but that was just how it went for her, he supposed. At least when she was happy.

"She isn't cheating, Koneko," he commented, and he didn't need to turn to see that the younger sister was pouting and the older one was looking pretty smug. For both of those reasons, he was glad to be looking somewhere else.

"The Black Cat cards are just the superior deck, and you have to admit it. That was the bet~" Kuroka said, and Joshua had to hold back a sigh. Why did she insist on making things harder for herself? Then again, despite how exceedingly annoying she was, she also was still getting in his and Koneko's good side. Somehow, her madness worked, he supposed.

Didn't make her any less annoying though.

"Joshua," Koneko said simply. Despite her impassive voice, he could still somehow pick up the pout even without his spells to help him out. "I need better cats that aren't Black Cats."

"I'll see what I can do," he replied, bringing a hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose. Still though, that'd likely be a fun lil' project to work on with Kunou, he supposed. Maybe he could drag Koneko into it too? Probably. Ravel wouldn't like being left out and the Phenex and Nekoshou would likely keep an eye on each other so they didn't try to be sneaky and get an advantage for their decks…

And if he dragged all the kids together, maybe he could have Jeanne and Asia keep some order after they were done card tinkering. Meanwhile, he could invite Yasaka or Serafall or both and have a nice afternoon at home. Jeanne owed him for all the times he did her favors in regards to her dates with Yuuto anyway and Asia would enjoy dealing with the brats, for whatever reason.

Yes, it was all coming together.

"Will you?"

"I will," he answered, rolling his eyes at the clear doubt. "Believe it or not, I haven't worked on the game that much. I'm not surprised some decks are better than others. I'll have to work on it, I guess."

"It's pretty good anyway~" Kuroka said and he could tell that she meant it.

"Thanks," he replied. Although, he didn't really feel like taking too much credit for that. He had pretty much stolen the work from a game back home… Even if he'd had to improvise some things and mix them with other games he remembered. His memories of the game hadn't been perfect and it hadn't even been a game he'd played much to begin with.

"Again," Koneko demanded.

"Hai hai~"

And that was that, Joshua was free once more to focus on other things while the sister's played.

[}-o-{]​

It was a sleepy Joshua who walked up to the door of his room and opened it, blinking blearily.

"Hi, dad," Kunou greeted, shy and unsure, which was very unlike her. She was also hugging Cheshire to her chest as if she were a stuffed toy or something. "Sorry for waking you up," his daughter mumbled, looking down and poking at the floor with her foot.

If Joshua was honest, Kunou was lucky that all she'd interrupted was his sleep. Glancing back inside the room, he saw Yasaka looking curiously at the door, but he just waved to her and gave her a reassuring smile. He could deal with Kunou no problem and he knew her answer to the only alternative path things could go. Besides, he knew she liked when he acted as Kunou's parent even when she was around.

Back to the topic at hand, they were both happy that he liked being prepared for anything…

Which meant that he had modified storage spells and such things in place to dress quickly and also deal with cleaning and such. And people had looked at him weird when he explained that he wanted to set up spells for such mundane things. One never knew when they might need such in… quick notice, after all.

"What's the matter, Kunou?" he asked, pushing all other thoughts aside. As it was, he was still kind of waking up. "Was Jeanne being meanie again?"

"No, I just…" the girl mumbled, sounding small, nervous and afraid. It tugged at his heartstrings something fierce and finished driving away any remnants of his sleep.

"Hey, relax, you know how it goes, right?" he asked in a whisper, kneeling down in front of her and placing his hands on her shoulders. "Close your eyes."

"Take a deep breath in," she continued, an unsure smile tugging at her lips as she went through the motions. "Relax your muscles. Let the air out."

"And open your eyes," he finished, kissing her forehead. "Feeling better?"

His daughter answered with a positive hum and a nod of her head.

"Now, what's the matter, Kunou? Anything I can do?" he asked, pushing some of her hair out of her face. Unfortunately though, it wasn't rare for Kunou to come to his room when she – or Yasaka and her – spent the night. It was one of the reasons for his many planned spells, really.

And it had always, so far, been for the same reason.

"I had that dream again," she mumbled, shuffling a little closer as she did. Her voice was barely above a whisper and her eyes were looking at anything but him. "You…"

"No, Kunou, I'm not leaving," he interrupted softly, pulling her into a hug with her head on his chest and his chin resting on top of her hair. "Never, is that clear?" he repeated, just like he'd had to a bunch of times already, but it was fine. He'd do it every single day for the rest of his life, if he had to.

Because he knew what it was like to want your father back and not have him. Maybe Kunou's father was out there alive and she had Joshua now, but that didn't take away from years and years of wanting her father back, just like he often did. Nevermind the fact that she was a child. If he was having a bad time with that, he couldn't imagine how much worse it had to have been for her. So, he'd just do his best to reassure her and hope he could one day help her overcome her fears.

"Can I sleep with you two?" she mumbled against his chest and he chuckled despite himself. She had the audacity to sound unsure, the silly little thing. "Can I, dad?" she asked, and he almost laughed some more. Because really, as if he'd ever say no. Not only would he never be so heartless, but Yasaka would kill him painfully if he dared.

"Of course you can," Joshua answered, as was only right, giving her another kiss on the forehead. "Come on," he added, picking her up in his arms, even if it was wholly unnecessary. "How about we have a little illusion show while we are at it?" he asked with a smile that turned into a full blown grin when his daughter perked up.

"Everything ok, sweetie?" Yasaka asked, even though she likely hadn't heard their conversation out the door just as well as she would if they talked to her face. Still, there was no denying that Kunou very much appreciated the attention and the hug her mother gave her. "Nightmares again?"

"Mhm, can I sleep with you two?" Kunou asked once more and Joshua rolled his eyes fondly, if only out of the girl's sight.

"Of course you can," Yasaka replied instantly. "Now, I do think I heard something about an illusion show?" she followed up with, giving him a smile that made his heart do a little dance. Even if he, by some disturbance in the natural order of things, hadn't loved Kunou with all that he had, he'd still have done anything for the girl. It'd have been worth it just to get more of those smiles.

"Can we see the one about the girl with the compass?" Kunou asked, already getting comfortable sitting on the bed with his mother. Joshua was, once more, very grateful for his spells.

"Sure thing," he agreed easily, waving his hand and starting the next show.

However, as he did, he couldn't help but wonder if there was more he could do for her. Because so far, there didn't seem to be much progress, if any at all. He didn't mind helping Kunou through her "episodes" of sorts, but still. It would be better if he could help her not have to go through them at all.

Alas, all he could do was sit there and be the best father he could be. Maybe it wasn't much, or maybe he wasn't very good at it, but he was trying and everyone seemed happy enough with that. So… he'd just keep going and hope for the best.

'Actually,' he thought, pausing for a moment even though the illusion kept going. Idly, he tilted his head and an idea formed in his mind. A moment later, he took off his locket and then moved to place it over Kunou's head.

She looked at him questioningly and then wide-eyed at the necklace.

After that, she hugged him tightly, gesture that he returned.

From there, it was just continuing to watch the show.

Somehow, Joshua felt he'd done something right.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Some more slice of life for you, guys. I'd apologize, but I'm not really sorry. If you've reached this far into the story you either enjoy my way of writing (which is very slice of life-ish) or you are masochistic… Which also means you enjoy it, so, I guess it's fine anyway.

Either way, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: You are reading this in QQ, but which is the fanfic site you like the most? Mine is FFN, but I've started moving my stories here because the issues are getting a little out of hand and it's grating on my nerves.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 179 others
Adrian King
Aug 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 143 - Baby, Let’s Try Something New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#521
Baby, Let's Try Something New

"Oh…?" Joshua said, curious and intrigued. "Well well well… I hadn't heard about this," he commented, tilting his head to the side and walking forward, looking Sona up and down. "How is it that I'm just now finding out that you have a sister, Levi?" he asked, turning towards Serafall.

It had finally come, the time for Sona to honor their deal and be part of Serafall's show. The Satan had been so excited that they'd had to reshoot the same scene like five times as many as they usually did already. All in all, it was… annoying for the crew, but fairly entertaining for him. Especially because the two sisters seemed equally as unable to get a grip on their emotions, with Sona being unable to get over her embarrassment and Serafall being unable to get over her excitement.

It was… cute, in a way.

It was also ironically similar of them, in a "two sides of the same coin" kind of way.

"And that's important… how, exactly?" Serafall asked, faking a confused frown. "We never did talk much about our personal life, if you remember," she added dryly.

She was barely keeping in character, but that was fine. Joshua was having fun, so, for once, he didn't mind having to repeat scenes. He'd taken the opportunity a while ago already to have some extra fun by improvising and testing the bounds of the script. After all, if he'd have to go over it again, he might as well mess around a bit to see if he could find something else that worked for him.

"Well, she's cute, for one. You didn't think that was worth mentioning?" he asked, his smile widening as Sona grew red in the face. He wondered if that was because she was acting her part or because of embarrassment, it worked either way. Joshua's bet was on both though. "Tch, if I'd known…"

"If you'd known, what?" Serafall asked him, suddenly being very close and narrowing her eyes at him.

"Hm, suddenly forgot what I was gonna say," he answered, faking innocence.

"If you think I believe that for a seco-" Whatever else she was going to say was lost in his lips as he closed the short distance between them and kissed her. When she went to pull back a little, Joshua just followed her and then he pulled back himself.

"You are cute when you are jealous," he commented and Serafall sputtered. He wondered if that was her in character response or her actual response. That wasn't in the script, after all. Serafall was supposed to still be mad and Domino would scramble for a way to dig himself out of that hole and fail miserably.

That didn't feel like a very Domino thing to do though, so Joshua took matters into his own hands.

"So, cute little So-tan, was it?" he asked, walking around Serafall before she "could recover" and addressed the sister once more. "Could have used a Levi two point zero a few times, don't you think? Is she too weak or-?"

"Excuse me?" Sona hissed.

"You're excused, sweetheart," he replied smoothly with a wink. He was starting to figure out why Serafall loved the show and playing her character so much. It was just so much fun to be able to just… be someone else. Maybe that's not what she liked, but he certainly did. It was nice not to be Joshua for a bit and just become Domino.

In a way, he was all the things that Joshua wished he could be.

Confident when dealing with people, for one.

"So, what changed now?" he asked, turning towards "Levia-tan". "Is this your version of meeting the parents? Because I'm not mentally prepared for the shovel talk, Levi. You gotta warn a guy," he said, even though his tone and expression didn't match his words at all. His grin widened as he saw both girls sputtering.

"No, idiot," Serafall growled, stomping her foot on the ground. It was a great impression of a tsundere character, Joshua would freely admit.

"Is there another super villain on the horizon? Another villain alliance? Because I swear, sometimes I feel like I'm dating Dark'ness instead of you-"

"You just don't know when to shut up, do you, Domino?" Serafall asked, glaring daggers at him while he smiled unrepentantly.

"You know you love it," he said, for once Domino and Joshua blending into one as his smile softened. Maybe it was wishful thinking, but he decided to believe that the way Serafall faltered was because she, too, blended Levia-tan with herself. "So, what's up with the mini-me?"

"I'm not a-" Sona started, scandalized in a way that looked very convincing. Unfortunately for her, Serafall interrupted whatever complaint she was putting forth.

"She just got her powers," Levia-tan answered with an exasperated sigh. "And she needs help learning what she can do."

"Ooooohh, should have said that sooner," he commented.

"I would, if you'd shut up for two seconds," she grumbled under her breath.

"So, where do we start?" he asked, turning towards Serafall and tilting his head.

"Cut!" the directed called and Joshua deflated a little. He suspected there'd always be that second in which he went back to being Joshua, that single second where disappointment filled him. Alas, he was who he was. 'Besides, Domino's not the one with not one but two wonderful, amazing women in love with him,' he reminded himself with a slight smile. 'Yet,' he added absently, because with Serafall heading the project, one could never know.

"So, how was it? I didn't improvise too much, did I?" he asked, bringing a hand to the back of his head. "Sorry if I made you uncomfortable," he added while looking at Sona.

"No worries," she reassured, making her glasses appear on her face and pushing them up. "It seemed… like a good scene, I guess," she commented, very obviously out of her element. She was trying though and since Serafall was beaming like never before, Joshua took that as a win.

[}-o-{]​

[Dion Fortune]

Together with her fellow Stars, she looked forward from their seats at the front of the class. That is, when they weren't having a whispered conversation between themselves. After all, they had some free time at the moment and looking forward too much held the risk of getting Ravel Phenex's attention.

Nobody wanted that on themselves.

Especially when the girl seemed to be in charge of dealing with Professor Davis' extensive web of debts owed. God only knew what that innocent and almost harmless looking girl could do to them. Looks could be deceiving, Dion knew very well, but never before had that been more true for her than at that very moment.

Fortunately, she was in Professor Davis' good side, so there was that.

Unfortunately, being in Professor Davis' good side could also be bad.

It sounded stupid, but that was the truth. After all, if she weren't on Professor Davis' good side, she wouldn't be one of those people that were all the more deeply entangled on the aforementioned web. Their teacher's favor was already enough to make her owe the man, but the job he'd helped her secure with a highly positioned member of Rosenkreuzer?

Dion would maybe have gotten that far in decades by herself. Or, that was before being swept in the wave of influence that was Joshua Davis. Before that party, it had been a somewhat distant goal of hers. Maybe a few years? Sounded about right for her.

And then Davis had decided that it wasn't nearly enough and all but threw her into that position, skipping all the build up like he was some kind of madman. If she hadn't known better, Dion would have thought he was just trying to get her and her fellow Stars as underlings for his position in House of Water, regardless of the fact that not all of them were part of the association. However, she did know better, so she was aware that this wasn't the case.

After all, if there was one thing that was easy to learn about, it was the fact that Joshua Davis could care less about politics if he tried. The man only seemed to bother with that when he needed to. This was plain for everyone to see, but especially for Dion, who was in a very advantageous position to learn more about the matter.

A position that didn't really help her figure out how to get out of the hole she was in.

Then again, it was an admittedly very nice hole, she supposed.

Still though, she-

Her thoughts were interrupted when Professor Davis entered through the door, soon followed by the bird familiar, Margalo. Immediately, most conversations were interrupted and the classroom fell into silence. It was the normal procedure, really, but there was more to it this time, in a way that she'd only seen once.

"Well, I sure hope everyone's here," Professor Davis started, standing in front of his desk and leaning back onto it, crossing his legs at the ankles and his arms in front of him. His familiar, for her part, perched herself on the backrest of the teacher's empty chair. "Nobody's missing?"

"No, Mr. Davis," the Phenex devil answered dutifully, which would never not be weird for Dion.

"Great. Well, I want to welcome everyone to this class. I see familiar faces and some new ones, nice, on both accounts. Always neat to have both, from what I know. Old ones know how things work around here and new ones make me wonder if they'll be interesting," their teacher said, instantly showing that he was as far from a normal magical teacher as one could get. "Anyway, I'm Joshua Davis, as you must and should know, because otherwise… yeah," he commented with a smile on his face. "This is my Hex Magic class and I hope you all are ready for it, because as I hear it, I don't teach what you'd call conventional lessons."

Well, he was certainly not wrong about that. If anything, that felt like a massive understatement. Alas, Dion had figured out that Professor Davis just could never truly grasp how odd he was. He seemed to understand a little of it at times, but then he'd go right back to being oblivious, for whatever reason.

Odd by itself, but extremely so when paired with everything else.

"Now, first of all, there's students from my Ward class here. Many concepts overlap with Hex Magic, as you might or might not know. However, there's just as many things that are different, so be wary of trusting what you "already know" too much, because it can and will screw over your casting and knowledge of the subject," he warned them, waving his hand over his shoulder and making the point write itself on the board.

A moment later, everyone started taking notes already.

"Good, you are studious. That'll help. Rule Number One, you call me Professor Davis, Professor Joshua or just Joshua," the man said, contrary to his attempts at informality from previous classes. "I don't need you groveling at my feet or using fancy speech. You just need to be a decent, non-stupid student that won't actively disrespect me and we'll be fine."

Somehow, Dion doubted everyone would get that memo. From experience, more than anything. She was there because someone hadn't, for one. She wasn't sure what the deal was, but some people were just build different… in a bad way.

"Rule Number Two, if I ask a question and you have an answer – any answer–, speak up. If you aren't going to engage in my class and put effort into learning, then my classes aren't for you," he continued then, adding that and the previous point to the board too. "Rule Number Three, if you have doubts, ask me, or ask your classmates. If anyone tries to be funny and mess with someone else's education, I'll deal with them," he said.

Immediately, everyone felt the shift in his presence as he seemingly fixed everyone in the room with his piercing blue eyes, all at once.

"You are in my class to learn, so you'll do so. You do anything else here, especially something that'll hinder the progress of the class or your fellow students and I will deal with you," Davis said, and Dion held back a grin. Gods, she loved Professor Davis. Best teacher she'd ever had and she was likely to ever have, really.

That was for fucking sure.

She'd had some terrible teachers in her time as a magician..

If someone messed up and somehow Davis didn't catch them, then Dion and the Stars would. Because nobody messed with their premium classes and the man that had given them the chance to be truly great. Hell, she would bet good money that anyone that had taken his classes for any decent length of time would act the same way even without the massive, crushing debt.

As it was, Professor Davis was still going, so she better pay attention.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"This is going to become a thing, isn't it?" Joshua asked with a smile on his face. After all, despite the question, he thought it wouldn't be a bad thing. He rather enjoyed it, quite honestly.

What was he talking about?

Well, the fact that Gabriel had once more prepared what could only be considered a mini-cafe for them to spend the time in between his defense set ups. A few tables were placed in a nice room with a view of the garden – which was beautiful and the rain outside only accentuated that fact –, someone had been stationed off to the side and any order would be delivered to them. He wasn't sure what to think of all that effort being put into him, but he liked to tell himself that it was likely for Gabriel instead of him… Or maybe both?

Anything was better thinking people were going that out of their way to please him.

That made him feel terribly awkward just to consider.

"It could be. It's nice to take a moment to relax and have a nice conversation from time to time," Gabriel replied with a kind smile on her face as she brought up her own cup of tea. "Certainly better than thinking over the less than pleasant present reality, I'd say. Things have been… difficult for my faction and for my siblings and I," she admitted, her previous smile dimming a fair bit.

"Well, I hope things get better soon," Joshua said sincerely. "I like to think that Khaos is getting weaker and that should take a weight off everyone's shoulders… or maybe that's just me projecting how much of an issue they are for me on others. As for your faction in particular… how are things progressing?" he asked after shaking his head. He sometimes forgot that before he came around, the factions weren't in too much of a hurry to deal with Khaos Brigade.

"Well, and before you ask, no, we will not ask for more services from you."

"You won't because you aren't in need of my services or don't want me to do anything else?" he asked, tilting his head and giving the woman a smile. The wry one she returned spoke volumes to him, which made him roll his eyes. "I see, well, would that be the same answer if I said I'm in need of your faction's assistance?" he asked, making her eyes widen ever so slightly.

"Truly?" she replied, as if shocked that that was the case. Which was bullshit, really. He did ask for things from time to time! "And what may we help you with in order for you to put us even more in debt?" she asked and if he hadn't known any better he'd have thought she was teasing him…

Who was he kidding? She definitely was teasing him.

"I need information on the Sacred Gears connected to your faction. You gave me some on Annihilation Maker back in the day, now I can get that kind of thing through other means, but I want more on those that you must have the most information on," Joshua answered, turning serious for a moment. This was important, after all. It was important at that very moment and in the future too. "True Longinus, Sephiroth Graal, Incinerate Anthem all the way down to Blade Blacksmith and even lower ranked ones. I need all that you can get me."

"I can do that, but can I ask why?" Gabriel replied, seemingly caught a little off guard but recovering quickly. As expected of someone in the same business as Serafall that the Satan considered a rival. "Not that I won't regardless. We do owe you quite a bit, as I've told you."

"Repeatedly, yes," he added with a half-smile that the angel returned. "I want that information for a number of reasons. You've given me plenty on holy energies and such, you've allowed me to scan holy artifacts, people with holy element and even angels such as yourself, which is great. However, I don't know much about holy Sacred Gears other than Blade Blacksmith and Incinerate Anthem," he explained then before bringing his cup of tea to his lips.

All the information he'd gathered thanks to her had been to push the other side of the coin that was Project Ascension. Grigori and Heaven had both flooded him with information for him to work on that. Alas, the latters were a little behind for the sole reason that he didn't have an accessible guinea pig such as Raynare. They cared a lot more than the fallen did for the safety of their members, after all.

Which was very considerate of them but also slowed Joshua quite a bit.

Not that ge blamed them for it or anything.

It was just how it was.

"You believe it'll help you progress in that regard?" she asked, getting a nod from him. "That's certainly enough. You said a number of reasons though."

"Another is that I know the enemy has True Longinus. They might even possess other such Gears," he explained, which was true. "A third reason is that I know Alphecca Tyrant's wielder and I'd like to help them," he added, respecting Meredith's wishes to keep that a secret. As it was, the only one that he'd shared that with was Ravel and the girl knew to keep it a secret too. Meredith didn't seem eager to be even more in the spotlight than she already was, so he'd allow her some privacy.

"All of those are things we can get behind. I'll get the information as soon as I can," Gabriel said, a slight smile on her face. "Now, I imagine you want me to tell you something you can do to help us in turn so we can't escape your clutches?"

"Hey, is it so bad to be in my clutches?" he asked jokingly with a grin of his own.

"Do you want the appropriate answer or the honest one?" she asked, following along and making him chuckle. "Either way, I guess I should answer your first question, right?"

He was tempted to ask for the answer to his latest question, but ultimately decided that he might be pushing things a little. She did sound a little weird and they were getting increasingly less formal as the visits passed by. However, she was a Seraph and he was in a relationship with a Satan so… Yes. Maybe it was better to keep things a little more under control, he supposed.

"Sorry, I got a little carried away. I'm not used to watching how I act all that much… Especially with people I get along with. That was presumptuous of me," he said, bringing a hand up to rub his forehead with his palm. "Politics are really not my thing," he mumbled. Then he looked out the window to see the raindrops hitting the window and trailing down. After a moment, Joshua decided to get on with things before his embarrassment got worse. "Anyway, yeah, what can I help your faction with, Gabriel?" he asked, taking a deep breath in to try.

And there he'd been, avoiding social awkwardness like a champ for quite a while. Of course he had to ruin it. Evidently, he'd made things awkward for poor Gabriel too. The angel was looking at him like she wanted to say something, even went all the way to opening her mouth before she decided not to, closing it. After a few seconds she spoke.

"... There are bases that have been taken over by the opposite side in… our faction," she said and he was already getting the picture. It had to be embarrassing and hurtful to admit that someone from the inside had stolen a whole base from them. Alas, such was the pain of a civil war, he supposed. "We also suspect certain locations have become secondary bases too. We could use some help breaking through their defenses to deal more effectively with our… enemy," she explained, saying the last word like it pained her to do so.

He imagined it did.

If a regular person felt awful being betrayed, he couldn't imagine how it had to be for someone like a pure angel. They were just built different, even if they could fall, especially the Seraphs. He imagined it was difficult to even comprehend the very idea. They were just too… Well, pure for that, for lack of a better word.

"Point me in their direction and I'll deal with them outright," he said, leaning back on his seat. "I very much doubt that they'll have defenses good enough to stop me."

Because if he could break through into the home of a faction leader such as Nurarihyon, then this gathering of Stray Exorcists wouldn't stop him either. There were few places that Joshua thought had defenses good enough to keep him outside and those? Those were not even close to one of them.

"Joshua, just making way for our people-"

"Gabriel," he interrupted, giving her a lazy smile. "It's easier for me to do it myself than to open the path for you. You wouldn't ask me to do a more difficult job on purpose, would you?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.

It wasn't even a lie.

It'd be easier if it was just him. That way, he could use the same trick he used with Nurarihyon's defenses, which was how to tweak his own energy through a spell array, basically switching the faction leader's signature with his. A neat little trick he'd learned while delving on Project Everchanging and then going on a tangent. Not quite what he'd been looking for when trying to make a spell that constantly shifted so as to make it unreadable and uncounterable, but…

It turned out to be very useful anyway.

'God bless my eternally drifting mind, I guess,' he mused to himself.

"You have to be one of the most infuriating people to negotiate with. Has anyone ever told you that?" Gabriel said. Her statement was somewhat undermined by the fact that she sounded amused and her lips were pulling up into a smile. "You really are something."

"I know," he replied with his best innocent smile, which probably wasn't very effective. "Now where are these bases and where can I find them. I'll deal with them as fast as I can. So, where can I start?" he asked, leaning back and bringing his cup of tea to his lips and finishing it.

Setting it down on the table, he pushed it aside and his mind started racing.

"Hm, maybe we can discuss that later? You'll probably have to start working again soon, right? We can discuss more after the next set."

"Sure thing."

"For now… More tea?" she asked and he grinned.

"You know me too well," he replied, getting a giggle out of the angel.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I don't know anymore, guys. This is the second time I've tried to get this story to follow the same plan. More specifically, the same plan that my characters derailed some chapters ago. I complain about this kind of thing a lot, so I wouldn't blame you if you can't find what I'm talking about either in your memories or in the chapters.

The important part is that neither the characters nor the setting want to follow my ideas.

They are meanies like that.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: I don't know, guys, tell me something. Any particular scene of this story that comes to your mind? Why?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 176 others
Adrian King
Aug 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 144 - All I Dream Of Is Waking to You
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#522
All I Dream Of Is Waking to You

"Sometimes I get the impression that I spoil you," Joshua commented idly.

"It's just you, dad," Kunou commented, happily skipping beside him and humming while taking licks off of her ice cream cone. "I don't know what you are talking about."

"Sure you don't," he commented dryly as they kept walking. There were some looks thrown their way, but nobody was paying too much attention. Joshua guessed that it'd be a lot worse if they could see her ears and tails. Good thing his illusions took care of that. "You could at least admit it."

"Would that help?" she asked cheekily, making him shake his head.

"Probably not, but at least it'd be the truth," he answered with a chuckle.

"Then yeah, you spoil me," she replied, unashamed. "I love it though," she added, as if it weren't clear enough. He rolled his eyes and pondered that for a moment. He really should probably be a little less… Well, like he was. It was just so difficult…

"I guess that counts for something," Joshua commented, planting his hand on top of her head, ruffling her hair. She didn't like it, but tough luck. If she was going to abuse his emotions to get her way more often than not, she could deal with him being annoying sometimes.

"Dad~." That didn't stop her from whining, but that was half the fun anyway. She looked adorable when she pouted, so there was that too. Joshua wondered if she'd ever realize that she was just tempting him to keep going.

Noticing that she wasn't really achieving anything, Kunou huffed and turned to the side.

"The ice cream's gonna melt," he pointed out, earning a squeak from his daughter as she started eating her treat once more. "You get distracted entirely too easily," he commented, more than a little amused. "Of all things you could inherit from me, it had to be that?"

"And illusions," she commented, continuing to lick away at her ice cream. "And… tinkering?"

"I guess those aren't too bad," he mused out loud. "I should be grateful that you got most of your… everything from your mother, really. I'm enough of a mess for the entire family."

"Bad dad," she grumbled, giving him a kick to his shin. "You are good," she chided him, which was fairly humorous, considering what she said.

"Sorry," he replied with a smile. "Won't happen again."

"Yes, it will," she mumbled, turning her head forward again to look at their path and scowling.

"Yes, it probably will," he confessed, not even really trying. He heard his daughter grumble some, but he just chuckled and continued walking. What could he say? He was a creature of habit.

Turning back to the present, Joshua noted once more that it was a fairly calm day, as it turned out. That was perfect, honestly, because it allowed them their little outing. It was just a shame that Yasaka was busy with some stuff that he just couldn't help with. Maybe if it had been regarding Khaos Brigade or the like he'd have been able to do something. Alas, it was just regular politics and he had absolutely no idea about those, so… He'd just decided that he'd at least take care of Kunou while Yasaka was otherwise preoccupied.

Still, it was nice to just walk around with his daughter and just talk.

"I see it. That's it, right?" Kunou asked excitedly, when they eventually made it to their destination. She'd finished her treat and discarded the napkin that came with her ice cream cone already. So, she was able to hold onto his hand with one of hers and with the other she pointed forward. She'd evidently failed to use the napkin appropriately though, considering that her fingers were sticky.

"Yep, that's it," he answered anyway, a smile plastered on his face. "You ready?"

"As I'll ever be," she declared, puffing her chest as if they were on some super important mission.

"Ok, try not to be too adorable, yeah?" he commented, earning a huff while he smiled. It was an honest request though, because he imagined things could get… troublesome if she was adorable. Or, at the very least, uncomfortable, for him. "I'm serious. I really don't know how these people will react."

"How bad could it b-?" Kunou stated, only to get interrupted by someone before she could finish jinxing them. Good thing, that. Joshua made a mental note to thank whoever it was that cut her off.

Then again, looking at them…

"Joshua!" a friendly voice called and he turned to see a woman a little older than him waving towards him. "So good to see you!" she said, as she – or maybe some other person, depending on the way – would usually do.

"Aki, I could say the same," he greeted with a smile that made her return the gesture, but even wider. "I didn't arrive late this time," he added, referencing the last time they'd met.

"You didn't, if only just barely," Aki replied, giggling. Then she turned to look at Kunou. "And who do we have here? Did you have another sister you didn't introduce us to? That's awful of you, Joshua. Especially when she's this cute. Hello, little one. I'm Aki Takeshita."

"Kunou," his daughter mumbled, shuffling to position herself behind him. "And I'm not his sister. Joshua is my dad," she added, and he didn't need to look at her to know that she was glaring at Aki. As he heard her speak, Joshua was torn between rolling his eyes or being amused. In the end, he settled for the latter.

"Oh?" Aki mumbled, visibly confused. If Joshua had to guess, she was trying to do the math in her head with their apparent ages. After all, the numbers didn't quite add up, really.

"I'm in a relationship with her mother," he explained simply. Predictably, Aki's eyes widened a little at the realization. "She's been calling me her dad for about as long as Yasaka and I have been together," he added, leaving aside the fact that she'd been calling him dad longer than he'd been in a relationship with Yasaka. That was just bound to make things more complicated than they needed to be.

"I see," Aki replied, taking a moment to process that. "So many of the others will be terribly disappointed to know that you are taken, you know?"

"Too bad," Kunou grumbled, earning a laugh from Aki.

"Well, someone's possessive," the woman commented, looking at the blond girl.

"You have no idea," Joshua replied wryly.

[}-o-{]​

Metal clashed with metal.

Setan Kober and Carnwennan sang in his hands as he slashed, blocked and parried.

Sure, the weapons of legend weren't quite overjoyed with the situation, but it was good enough for them. Joshua was pretty sure they were resigning themselves to their fate. After all, his battle style – if it could even be called that – wasn't at all physically oriented. Sure, he trained with the daggers and even hand to hand combat, but he would always rely on his magic at the end of the day. He was a magician before he was anything else.

So, his legendary weapons would just need to get used to getting their supply of action from spars, most of all.

If nothing else, the two daggers were happy to be facing someone new. After so long sparring with the usual people, from Jeanne all the way to Issei and everyone else in between, the weapons welcomed the chance to at least practice with someone they didn't know… combatantly speaking, that is. Joshua was pretty sure he'd either get slapped or be on the receiving end of a pout if he were to actually say he didn't know the spar partner he was facing at that moment.

And he wasn't sure which was worse, really.

Blocking a sword that came for his neck, Joshua wondered if he was letting his mind go on tangents a little too much… again. It was probably the case, but the spar was going fairly well, all things considered. Even if he did mess up, he had healing spells and many other things ready just in case things got… actually dangerous.

After all, holding back in a practice battle sounded like a silly thing to him when they could go all out. What was the point of training if you weren't going to go all the way? Sure, if there was no alternative, then taking it easy was the logical step. However, for him? He could go all out and he was pretty sure he could shrug off anything short of getting his brain damaged in some way.

He hadn't placed Phoenix Spells around that area, but he'd done the next best thing, really. The only difference was that it was less flashy and it was also a fair bit slower. A small price to pay in order to be safe and have no worries while sparring.

And also to make sure the Phenex didn't get-

"Woah," he breathed out, crossing Setan Kober and Carnwennan under the sword that was falling down on him. "That was close," he mumbled, trapping the sword and redirecting it to the side. A second later, he had Setan Kober to his opponent's throat. "It cost you though."

"Yes, I can see that, Professor Davis," Meredith replied, her head tilted back so the blade wasn't pressed against her neck. "I'll keep that in mind."

"You are very good, I have to say," he commented, pulling his weapon away, much to its disappointment. Seriously, his daggers needed to chill. "You've been training for a while, huh?"

"Since I learned how to make swords with my Sacred Gear," she answered, making her weapon disappear and bringing a hand up to rub her neck absently. "Obviously not enough," she added, somewhat ruefully.

"I don't think I'm the bar you wanna compare yourself to," he told her, giving her a pat on the head and a smile. "And besides, I'm the mentor here, aren't I? I'm supposed to be better than you. That's the whole point."

"I know, I just…" Meredith mumbled, looking aside and amusingly not moving at all as he patted her head. Still, considering the embarrassed blush across her cheeks, Joshua decided that was enough. He didn't think she'd have said anything even if she was against that, so… Maybe he should be more mindful of such gestures. She just kind of reminded him of Jeanne, he supposed, back when she'd been less independent and more starved for attention and affection. "I thought I'd at least have this going for me."

"A lesson in life is that there's always going to be someone better than you. That doesn't mean you are any less good," he told her, running his fingers through his hair. "I know sayings like that are much easier said than done, but it's the principle of the matter. You'll get better with practice."

"... Does that mean we can do this again some other time?" Meredith asked, her voice low but easily heard with how close he was. "I know you said you couldn't be a proper mentor but…"

"I'll do my best to make time," he replied with a smile. "For now, how about a break," he told her, signaling to step aside from the training space that House of Water had provided. "Anything you need help with in regards to magic?" he asked before picking up a towel from a bench and drying himself a little. Then he took a bottle of water and took a gulp off of it.

"Well, there's that project-"

"Anything that's not homework?" he commented, raising an eyebrow at her. Because really. He did pretty much all he could in his classes. He was more asking for anything that he might not have covered in his classes or maybe from another of her classes.

"Well, I've been trying to start testing out Ward Magic after all the classes, some simple ones to get started," she mumbled then, fidgeting with her hands. That didn't really tell Joshua much though. She was one of his stars. If she wanted to start casting the spells he taught, then she didn't need to ask for permission, really. "I don't have… um, wardstones though."

"Oh, that's all?" he asked, blinking at her and earning a blink back. "Just ask House of Water. They owe me so much I don't even know what to ask of them. If you need anything, go for it. I might not have that much time to train or teach you, but I can offer you resources no problem."

"That's… that might be a little much, Professor Davis," she mumbled, looking a little overwhelmed.

"Nonsense," he replied with a roll of his eyes and waving her off. "Ravel!" he called, making the blond devil that had been sitting off to the side and scribbling away in her notebook perk up. "Meredith here might need to ask House of Water for some resources. Can you keep track of that? If it's even important enough to keep track of."

"Resources like what, Mr. Davis," the devil asked, already looking thoughtful and passing a few pages on her notebook.

"Wardstones, for one, besides that…" he answered, giving his apprentice a questioning look.

"I think that's it? I might… I might ask for foci for hexes once we are advanced enough in that class?" she asked hesitantly, to which he just nodded when his secretary turned towards him for confirmation.

"Probably books, probably more classes than the ones I teach if she's not taking more already, probably some string pulling for jobs," he added, because it was obvious to him that Meredith just didn't feel comfortable asking him for things. So, he took matters into his own hands. "And before you complain," he continued, when it looked like the girl would do just that. "I'll remind you of this," he pointed out, gesturing towards her communication earrings. "There's a reason I gave you those and believe me, if I do end up contacting you through those, you should already know by now that it'll be more than worth all that I've done and might do for you."

"If you say so…" Meredith mumbled, clearly not convinced.

It made him roll his eyes.

"Anyway, you just run any request you have through Ravel, that way she can tell you if you are somehow asking for too much, although I very much doubt you would. If anything I think you won't ask for enough things," he explained to her with a smile as he placed his towel over his shoulders. "Anyway, that'll make sure she can also keep track of everything for me, because I really could care-"

"Ahem, what he means is that he's busy with things and doesn't have the time to keep track of everything," Ravel interrupted, making him roll his eyes.

"Sure, let's go with that," he said, giving his apprentice an amused half-smile that she returned with a timid grin of her own. "Now, back to training or is there anything else magic related that you need help with?"

"... Training sounds good?"

"Training it is."

[}-o-{]​

[Sairaorg Bael]

"We really haven't been meeting all that much for training lately, have we?" Joshua asked him, going over his notes and plans for the day on his notebook. He didn't look up when he spoke, for which Sairaorg was grateful, really. That way, his friend wouldn't see his uncomfortable expression, even if Serafall did.

"Everyone's busy as of late, I guess," he replied, lying through his teeth.

Sure, his peerage and him were busy, but nowhere near enough not to train and if they could train, they could do it with Joshua. However, the times had changed since they'd first met the human magician. He was no longer someone around their level, strong but unimportant in the grand scheme of things.

No, now he was someone and, as such, he had to deal with a lot more things than they did.

Hell, Joshua had replicated the Phenex's Power of Immortality of all things. Furthermore, he was also doing a bunch of other things, projects that Sairaorg would hear a bit about every time they met. The human was just on another level of having a full schedule. Sometime's Sairaorg would ask Serafall how things were going for Joshua and her answers had him pitying his friend quite a bit.

And yet, the man still found the time to work on healing Sairaorg's mother.

Now that he knew Lord Sitri was fine, it became all the more meaningful that Joshua just kept going. Because it was one thing if he was dedicating his time to improving his standing with a Lord of a House and the father of someone he was in a relationship with, nevermind the fact that she was also a Satan. It was another entirely for him to continue going through with his Sleep Disease research and cure project now that the only true target was Sairaorg's mother who was…Not that important in the grand scheme of things either, even if it left a bitter taste in his mouth to admit.

Sure, there were other Sleep Disease victims, but Sairaorg couldn't see Joshua going for it just for the clout and favor of Houses he didn't care for. The magician wasn't above playing the game, he'd shown that, but Sairaorg knew the man wouldn't go out of his way for that. He'd only do that if he had a reason, and he couldn't think of one, really.

So, surprising as it was, Sairaorg was sure the magician was doing all that he was because of him.

To him, his mother might have been everything, but to Joshua? She was no one. They didn't know each other besides his friend monitoring her and testing his spells on her. Joshua was going through all that trouble, trying to achieve the impossible again, just because Sairaorg was his friend. It was…

Very humbling, if he was completely honest.

"Hm, that must be it," Joshua said absently and Sairaorg resolutely ignored the sad smile Serafall sent his way.

With all that in mind, how was he going to take even more of Joshua's time with training? It might be something that Sairaorg would never stop doing, pursuing his dream and to prove himself to the Underworld. However, he knew that would be just taking from Joshua already very limited time.

To hear Serafall tell it, even when Joshua was training he was also doing a bunch of other things. His friend was either mastering the art of multitasking or spiraling quickly and recklessly to a collapse. Sairaorg refused to be part of what pushed his own friend to the latter. That was why he never asked for visits for his mother and why he never really asked for much in terms of progress checks and such.

It was important to him, nothing was more important.

However, he knew that Joshua was doing his best. He knew that his friend was working himself into the ground trying to make progress while also balancing a bunch of other plates that were probably equally as important if not more. As it was, he already felt terrible enough as is, having placed his own friend in such a position while Sairaorg himself just… went about his days without a single worry in his mind.

All he had to do was wait for the cure to be made and train in order to further his ambitions.

Meanwhile, Joshua was pushing against Khaos Brigade, making a name for himself in the world, having a family, saving Sairaorg's cousin and saving Sairaorg's mother, among a bunch of other things. He wasn't even sure all that Joshua was doing, which made him feel like a terrible friend by itself. All that just cemented his decision to leave his friend alone, for the most part.

The last thing he wanted was to make things more difficult than they already were for Joshua.

"I guess there's nothing to do about that," Joshua commented, sighing and letting his shoulders drop before closing his notebook. "Everyone's got their things to worry about," he mused out loud. If Sairaorg hadn't known any better, he'd have thought that his friend was purposely trying to make him feel bad.

"Sorry," he said with a grimace.

"Don't worry about it. I understand. I'm plenty busy myself," Joshua added, only making Sairaorg feel worse. "Well, I think I'm ready," his friend continued, standing up and running his fingers through his hair.

He always looked nervous when it came time to start casting spells to help his mother, even when they were just monitoring spells. When Sairaorg had asked about that, his answer had been that Joshua worried even the smallest mistake could make things infinitely worse than they already were. There was always a non-zero chance that the Sleep Disease would just react unpredictably and do something… drastic.

Ultimately, just like always, Joshua got to it, placing spell after spell down on the empty space in the big room his mother had been set ever since they started their… experiments, bad as it sounded to use that word. Not like Joshua could place all the spells he wanted in a small hospital room, after all. Sairaorg watched, feeling helpless and nervous, as circle after circle shone under Joshua's hand every second or so.

He trusted Joshua. Of course he did. However, it didn't make not understanding what was going on any less overwhelming. Sairaorg knew powerlessness, but he'd seldom experienced it in a level such as the one he did at those moments. Because there was literally nothing he could do. All his strength couldn't help him do anything in regards to what Joshua was doing. He couldn't help the man and he couldn't support him if things went badly.

Sairaorg was strong, but, at that moment, there was nothing he could do but trust Joshua.

However, his confidence wasn't misplaced.

Spell after spell, his friend proved to him that he was the man for the job. Everything went well, even if every successful spell simultaneously and contradictorily made him feel more nervous and relaxed at the same time. Because every well placed spell meant less chance of something going badly, but it also left him wondering if the next one would be the one to mess everything up.

"Ok," Joshua mumbled, pulling himself into a straight standing position from where he had been leaning down to place spell after spell on the floor. His human friend took a deep breath in, letting his head fall back and facing the ceiling. Then he let the air in his lungs out. "Final cluster," he announced then and Sairaorg stiffened.

'This could be it,' he thought to himself, as he had many times already and as he would many other times in the future. He just couldn't help the jolt of anticipation that shot through him every time. 'This could be it.'

He didn't even know if it was dread or hope that he felt.

This could be the moment where everything got worse.

This could be the moment where everything got better.

Cutting through his thoughts, Joshua started casting once more. Spell after spell shone and Sairaorg felt himself more and more tense by the second. His eyes darted from his mother, to his friend, to Serafall and back again. 'I need to get a grip,' he thought to himself and yet he couldn't bring himself to do anything other than standing there and not move a single muscle.

"That's… that's the last one," Joshua said, and Sairaorg could hear the exhaustion in his voice. However, the man didn't move, didn't relax. He stood over the work of art that was the spell array, with its many wardstones and other foci. Sairaorg could see his eyes darting this or that way and his hands twitching as if trying to do something when there was nothing to do.

He wondered if he was feeling anything from his spells or if-

Joshua stiffened, his back straightening and his expression unreadable.

It made Sairaorg heart sink before-

"... Sairaorg… My dear Sairaorg…" a voice said and his eyes widened. Instantly, he was already by his mother's side and, sure enough, her eyes were open. "My dreams… they were real… I really… saw you grow…" his mother said and he had to make a conscious effort not to break then and there.

"Mother… mom," he replied, voice thick with so many emotions that he couldn't even pinpoint them. "I love you, mom," was the first thing he told her, because he couldn't live with himself if he didn't tell her.

"I… love you… too… my dear Sairaorg," she whispered, sounding so very weak that her voice could have gotten lost in silence and yet it was the loudest sound Sairaorg had ever heard. Because he'd never thought he'd hear it and now, now he refused not to hear it. "You have become such a… splendid person… I'm so… proud of you… my dear Sai…"

"Mom?" he asked, feeling panicked. Because that wasn't a nickname there at the end. No, that was her voice losing what miniscule strength it possessed a second ago as her purple eyes were once again hidden from him. "Mom!"

"Sairaorg," someone said before a small yet strong hand held his arm. He realized, with that interruption, that he'd been about to shake his mother trying to keep her awake or wake her up and that wouldn't have helped at all. "I'm sorry."

"No… No, she… She was awake," he said, turning towards Joshua, who looked at him with a pained expression.

"I'm sorry. I… don't think it's gotten worse, but it just… slipped through my fingers," the man started explaining frustration and the smallest tinge of desperation in his voice. "I can make it better though. I promise you, Sairaorg. I just need-"

He didn't let him finish, moving as fast as he could and wrapping his arms around Joshua.

"Thank you," he said, feeling a knot in his throat and tears threatening to fall from his eyes. "Thank you, Joshua."

Then he felt his friend's arm return his hug.

"Don't mention it, Sairaorg," he replied. "That's what friends are for."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

He tried so hard and got so far, but in the end-

Ahem, er…

Um…

Anyway, Joshua's close to done with Project Awakening, it seems. People beware, because that just means he'll have more time soon. And that means he'll have more time to pull off more ridiculous stunts. The DxD world's logic (my DxD world's logic, at least, because we all know canon DxD world doesn't have that) better be prepared, because Joshua Davis isn't done yet, not by a long shot.

Still not there though, but soon…

Just 50 more chapters at most, I promise.

Just in case it's not clear, that's a joke, but it could take me a few more chapters. After all, he's not there yet, and any change he makes to his spells takes time and all.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What did you expect when you first started to read GoM? Is it what you thought it'd be or is it different? Bad different or good different? Why? (Long, complex set of questions but I wanna know… Pretty please?)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 180 others
Adrian King
Aug 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 145 - It’s up to You, What Will You Choose?
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#526
It's up to You, What Will You Choose?

"So, the visit with Sairaorg didn't go well?" a voice asked beside him and he hummed without turning.

Joshua's eyes remained forward, looking at the garden in front of him. Plants of all kinds lived together, growing in a harmonious picture that he never would get enough of. There was something just so beautiful about it all, with all its different shapes and colors, even movements in some cases. Plants everywhere, all of them alive and thriving, had been organized and raised in a chaotic array that still worked.

Joshua would truly never be able to properly put into words how amazing it all was to him.

It was the reason why he often came to sit there. It took his mind away from everything and swept him in with its stunning sights. At least, that was the idea. There were other instances, such as that one, where no matter how awe inspiring the place was, his thoughts would still win in the end. It was frustrating, but alas… At least the garden helped, if only a little.

He'd truly never be able to thank Asia enough for what she'd managed to create.

"Want to talk about it?" Jeanne asked, taking the seat next to him on the stone bench. She spoke softly and he didn't even need to pay attention to know that she was concerned and sad. "Funnily" enough, she was sad because he was in a bad mood and nothing else, he was sure. Her mood had been fine until she found him there, after all.

His spells had told him as much.

"Not really," he answered wearily. She didn't press the issue. Instead, she remained by his side in silent support. Eventually, she leaned against his side, resting her head on his shoulder. It was… nice, to know that he wasn't alone but not having to address the issues that he was clearly dealing with.

Somehow, that helped him deal with them. It didn't make them go away, nor did it help make them less serious, but it was… grounding. Yes, he had problems and yes, he had to deal with them, but it helped remind Joshua that there were other things around too. It made the issues less… all encompassing, if that made any sense. It added some perspective.

So, it was no surprise for him when the words found him after a while.

"It's just so frustrating," he said, and Jeanne shifted the smallest bit, just to let him know that she was listening. "I was so close… His mother woke up and all, but she slipped right through my fingers and fell back asleep."

"... That means you are right there, right?" Jeanne asked when she realized that he wouldn't say more after that.

"Almost, but not quite," he answered with a sigh. "Small changes, big changes, all of them take time," he explained, deflating where he sat. "It could be a week or it could be a month. That's what makes it all so bad. It was right there. If I could only have covered that instead of falling just short of it…"

"You'll get it done," Jeanne said, and she did so with such security that it took him off guard a bit. "If I know anything about you, Josh, it's that you can do anything."

It should have been a humorous statement. Maybe a joke or an exaggeration or hyperbole, those would have made sense. However, Joshua knew, even without needing to check with his spells and senses – although he did so anyway, just in case –, that Jeanne was a hundred percent serious. There wasn't a sliver of doubt in his sister that he could, indeed, do anything.

"No pressure, huh?" he commented wryly.

"Nope," Jeanne replied simply and he glanced her way in time to catch a tiny smile. "You barely could fight off some mooks when we met, if that. I remember our first fight against Khaos and how it ended. You were weak and I was even weaker."

"I don't think those statements help as much as you think, Jeanne," he commented dryly, only to receive an elbow to the side.

"Shush you. I'm still talking," she chided him, although there was a smile on both their faces. "And I was with you all the way until you became… who you are now. Sometimes it's a little scary, you know? You almost seem like a different person from the guy that picked me up from the street."

"Do I?"

"And then you say stuff like that," Jeanne commented, and he could hear the smile on her face. "That's more like the Joshua that I used to know."

"You say that as if you don't know me anymore," he commented. His tone was joking, but there was some real doubt inside him. Because… Well, it was a real concern, in a way. They met all the time at home, they ate together often and they did a lot of little things together…

However, things had definitely changed a lot from the days where it was just the two of them and his familiars. Back then, there hadn't been anyone else in either of their lives. They were brother and sister, together all the time, going everywhere and doing all sorts of things, just the two of them.

Now, the two had completely different lives. He had his relationships, Kunou, his friends, his job and his projects. Jeanne had her studies, her own relationship, her own friends and her own things to do. In a way, it filled him with regrets, reminding him of the past, when he'd been too afraid and too awkward to have a real relationship with his own family, nevermind other people.

"I know you," Jeanne told him, smiling softly at him and getting rid of some of the fears that creeped up in his mind. "We just live different lives and that's fine. I don't know all that you do and you don't know all that I do. It doesn't mean I wouldn't drop everything to help you if you need me and it doesn't mean you wouldn't if I needed you. I don't even have to ask you. I know it. I think that counts for something. I think that counts for a lot."

"... I really don't know all about you," he replied, a soft smile on his face as he regarded his sister. "The Jeanne I know is nowhere near that eloquent."

"Oh, shut up!" she told him with a huff and a slap to his arm that did nothing. "I'm being serious here and you are being a meanie. What'd Kunou have to say about that?"

"She'd probably join in."

"... You are right, but you are still awful."

"I try," he replied, smiling despite himself. In spite of their words, both of them were grinning. Because that was just how much of a pair of idiots they were, he supposed.

"We don't have moments like this nearly enough anymore," Jeanne commented idly, but it didn't feel like a complaint or anything of the sort. She was just… saying it, plain and simple. A statement of fact, if a melancholic one. "I missed this," she added, resting her head on his shoulder once more.

"Yeah… Yeah, I did too," he admitted, resting his own head on hers back. "So, anything I should know about what's going on with you?" he asked, wondering if that was the right thing to say. As he often did, Joshua found himself struggling to find what to do or say in a conversation.

Fortunately, Jeanne didn't have the same problem as he did.

"Well, the other day, Yuuto and I were-"

"Woah, I don't think I need nor want to hear about that-"

"Stop being an idiot," Jeanne hissed, poking his side with her fingers. They were about as dangerous as her swords, quite frankly. Certainly felt like those to Joshua. "As I was saying, we were talking the other day, you know?"

"You are not allowed to marry anyone until after you finish school at the least."

She didn't even deign that with a response, instead just giving him the flattest yet most annoyed stare ever known to mankind. Joshua was fairly proud of that reaction, if he did say so himself. He may have been an only child for much of his life, but he thought he was doing a fairly good job as a brother.

"Anyway, we were talking and I… I think I want to study management," Jeanne told him, suddenly turning shy. "I'd like to take over the cafe and… maybe do something more than that. I know the place is yours, but maybe I could start working there and then-"

"The place is ours, Jeanne," he interrupted, this time softly. "Or, it can be. A family business, if you will," he added, pushing his shoulder against her lightly. "And I think that sounds wonderful."

"Just thought I'd share that with you," she mumbled, still fairly shy. "And… thank you."

"Nothing to thank me for," he told her before pausing and letting his thoughts organize themselves a bit. "I want to adopt Kunou. Officially, that is."

"First of all, that's not news to anyone. Second of all, a piece of paper won't change anything," Jeanne commented, a little confused but mostly amused. "Third of all, I'm sure Kunou will love that."

"Once things are finally calm once and for all, once Khaos is done and there's no need for me to go out of my way for this kind of stuff…" he continued, as the thoughts came to him. "I want to get back my home, the one where I grew up, my parent's. It was my great-grandmother's on my father's side and it was… It's important to me. Once that's done…"

"A quiet life, tinkering away?" Jeanne supplied.

"That easy to predict, am I?" he replied, not at all annoyed by that fact, really. That did sound wonderful. What more could he want but to be able to enjoy life with his loved ones doing things he enjoyed?

"You are, but that's not a bad thing," Jeanne said, unknowingly agreeing with his thoughts. "I don't have my future nearly as clear as you, but that's just because I'm not an adult like you."

"I have a feeling you are calling me old."

"Me? I would never," she told him with a hint of a smile bleeding through her poker face, like the lying liar she was. "It's nice."

"... What is?" Joshua asked, after Jeanne made it clear that she wouldn't explain herself without prompting.

"To be able to consider the future and think it can be good," she answered, her smile turning sad, almost pained. "I used to think there was nothing for me. I used to think I'd be trapped forever in the life I had before, hiding away, ashamed of who I was and always… the freak. The voices would tell me otherwise but I never… it never felt real."

"Well, you'll have the best future I can give you, Jeanne. I can promise you that," Joshua said, pulling her into a one armed hug.
"Consider all your options well, because you'll have all of them, if I have any say in the matter."

"I know," Jeanne said, shifting against his side and wrapping her arms around him. "Thanks for everything, Joshua. You are awesome."

"No, Jeanne. Thank you," he replied, and he wasn't even sure what of the many reasons that popped in his mind he was thanking her for. Maybe it was because she'd come and successfully distracted him at the same time as she improved his mood. Maybe it was because she'd chosen to be his sister, accepted his offered hand that one day and unknowingly helped him just as much as he helped her. Maybe it was because she'd helped give him a family when he'd had almost nothing.

Ultimately, he was just thankful, so he left it at that.

[}-o-{]​

[Penemue]

"Did I tell you? Little So-tan is going to be announcing her ambitions with the rest of the stuffy people in the Underworld!" Lady Leviathan said excitedly, sharing an animated conversation with the rest of the people at the table. "I'm so proud!" she exclaimed, looking like a little girl gushing over their favorite plushie.

Penemue wasn't too sure at what point the conversation had gone on a tangent that led from Khaos Brigade to Leviathan's little sister, but she thought it was kind of impressive that it happened. She was used to chaotic minds, after all. She needed to be, as Chief Secretary of Grigori. However, Serafall Leviathan seemed to surpass even the people she knew to have such erratic behavior.

It was, indeed, fairly impressive.

It was also annoying.

However, Penemue certainly wasn't going to be the one to point that out. After all, everyone else at the table seemed perfectly fine letting the woman ramble. Furthermore, she didn't have any kind of power over the faction leaders arranged around her. At most and being very generous, she could maybe try to steer Lord Azazel, but that was about it.

"I think there was a point to this meeting that we are moving away from, don't you?" a voice cut through before Leviathan could continue with her nonsense… respectfully speaking, of course. Penemue knew that, after all, despite her oddities, the woman was a force to be reckoned with and very much someone to be careful with. Many supernatural leaders and otherwise powerful people shared that, if not quite in the same branch of crazy most of the time.

"But Josh~!" the devil Satan of Foreign Affairs whined like a child and Penemue went over all the information in her head about why she should have a high opinion of the woman. Sometimes, her position just made her wonder about a lot of things. Granted, her boss was Azazel, so she wasn't one to talk, but a part of her would always wonder – and sort of hope – that her boss was some kind of exception to the rule. "I was getting to the good part."

Alas, it seemed that it was the other way around.

"And now you can leave them all with a nice cliffhanger," Davis continued, drawing Penemue's considering eyes. "One that you can get through after the rest of the meeting's points are dealt with."

"Fine," Leviathan said, deflating on her seat while Yasaka and Gabriel looked on in amusement. Azazel, for his part, went as far as chuckling. Penemue herself didn't dare react, but she did appreciate the man's decision to keep things on track.

Between his relative hold of Leviathan's madness and Penemue's on Azazel's, meetings didn't stray too far most of the time. Although, she had a suspicion that they were doing things on purpose. After all, the whole event seemed to be going about as smoothly as it was when Penemue wasn't around to be part of them. She was fairly sure that her boss was just being an insufferable brat on purpose.

She was less sure about Leviathan, since Davis had always been part of the meetings. Then again, the devil was in a known relationship with the man, so… It was something to consider, she supposed.

Penemue knew, after all, that information was the most important thing in the world, the most powerful. Grigori had been, for a long, long time, a group that did a lot of research, thanks to Azazel's predilections. They knew first hand what knowing more than others could do in a number of fields. Penemue herself, as Chief Secretary, had seen first hand the kind of power knowledge could offer someone, even when they were relatively weak, as was her case.

The feeling of magic washing over her pulled her from her idle thoughts and her focus on the meeting. Blinking, she turned towards Davis. The man had seemingly set down the notebook he barely seemed to look up from during meetings and was looking straight at her.

Suddenly, she found herself very grateful for his usual attitude, because there was something in those deep blue eyes that set her on edge. She didn't know what the feeling was, if it was positive, or negative, or something else entirely. There was, however, something very… powerful in his gaze. It made her feel small, weak and yet… safe.

"Sorry, but I wanted to talk with you," he said calmly. "Or Azazel, really, but I imagine you can pass the message and I can kill two birds with one stone by using this meeting. I don't really participate much in them anyway."

"I need to keep an eye on-"

"Azazel will behave, don't worry," he interrupted, waving her worries off with an easy smile. Glancing towards her boss, Penemue saw him grin at her and turn to actually listen to the meeting, instead of looking like he was searching for a way to derail things. "He has fun being obnoxious, I'm sure you know," Davis commented.

She did know that, but it didn't make it any less annoying to see proof of that.

"Anyway, I just need a second, really," the man continued, producing a file from a Storage Spell and sliding it towards her. Penemue had thought it was strange that he'd sat beside her, but the man usually sat wherever at meetings, even if he did tend to sit besides Yasaka, Serafall or both for reasons that had been made much clearer as of late. "Tell Azazel that Project Ascension was a success. All the data he might want to check is in those documents," the man told her.

Immediately, she felt her eyes widen.

Before she could say anything, however, the privacy spell the human had cast disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. Not that Penemue had any idea what she'd have answered that with. Maybe Davis knew or didn't know, but Penemue was informed on what that particular project was.

She'd thought it ludicrous, that Lord Azazel was working with a human on such a thing. Something that none of them had managed in millennia. Not the fallen and not the angels, none of them had ever come even close to God's secret for the wing dilemma that all of them shared. Their father and ancestor had taken that to his still to that day very shocking grave.

Furthermore, Penemue knew that the man worked on it alone. No way Azazel hadn't worked on that project if anyone else at all did. She wasn't too clear on why Davis had been allowed to work alone, but he had. Maybe her boss had decided that focusing on his latest obsession – Sacred Gears – was more important or more likely? Or maybe he'd just wanted to see what Davis could do. Either way…

She couldn't believe it had actually happened.

'A human cheated God's design,' Penemue thought, holding the file and feeling like those light pieces of paper might as well weight the same as the whole world. Mentally, she went over the information on Joshua Davis and overhauled the whole thing. The man was not someone to be underestimated, nor insulted, she decided. Suddenly, Penemue had a human join the likes of Sirzechs Lucifer, Ajuka Beelzebub, Shiva, Indra, Vishnu, Thor, Zeus and many others.

He might not be as strong as them but Penemue had no doubts that he was just as dangerous.

Straightforward power wasn't everything.

She knew that very well.

[}-o-{]​

[Gabriel]

There was only one thing that came to her mind seeing Penemue pass the file she'd been given to Azazel.

There was, after all, only a single project of Joshua's that she knew of that involved Grigori. Granted, there was a good chance that it was something else entirely, so she didn't want to assume too much. She still felt relatively sure that it was what she thought though.

"Joshua, could you entertain Kunou for a bit when she arrives?" Yasaka asked kindly, making the man glance up and smile softly in their direction. The gesture was directed at the youkai, Gabriel knew, and maybe even to Serafall too…

However…

"Sure thing," the man replied before her mind could drift too much in directions she'd rather it didn't. Things were complicated enough as they were. "She's on the way, but I can just cast some spells if you need privacy."

"That'd be appreciated, Josh," was Serafall's answer. "This shouldn't take long."

"Take your time, just let me know if I have to do something in regards to the reservation we had-"

"Wouldn't miss that for the world, Josh. Don't you worry," Serafall interrupted, beaming even more happily than she usually did. It wasn't difficult for Gabriel to know that it was a much more honest smile than what her fellow leader of Foreign Affairs usually showed.

Gabriel's eye twitched.

"Well, I'll leave you to that then," Joshua said with a nod, before using a similar spell to the one he'd cast before to isolate himself and Penemue. Not that it stopped anyone from listening in if they wanted to, but it was more like a polite way to ask others to mind their own business. Anyone that breached that would be immediately found out, or so Gabriel assumed.

"So, did you two need something?" she asked curiously, turning towards Yasaka and Serafall. It was strange, after all, for them to want to talk further after a meeting was done. Despite the tentative alliance against Khaos Brigade, most of them had drastically different things on their plates to deal with. Sure, they could interact with each other for one reason or another, but the fact that both wanted to talk with her at the same time-

Gabriel got her answer before a single word was used, because both women glanced, almost at the same time, towards Joshua.

'Oh… Oh no.'

"We are pretty sure you know, Gaby," Serafall said, evidently reading her as easily as she read them. "So, you wanna let the cat out of the bag yourself or do we?" she added, a smile that was equal parts playful and… vaguely threatening, but that might have been Gabriel's own mind warping things.

"I assure you that I have no idea-"

"Gabriel," Yasaka interrupted, raising an eyebrow at her. She felt her smile grow brittle. "Please," the youkai said, giving her an unimpressed and slightly teasing look.

It was a fool's errand and she knew it, but still. What else could she do? What option did she have other than try and play it off? 'Well, I could…' a part of her mind started before quickly being shut down. Greed wouldn't take a hold on her.

Neither would Envy.

Least of all L-

"We are not trying to threaten you, Gabriel," Yasaka continued calmly, talking as if they were on one of their casual tangents in a meeting and not… Not…

"We do know we are right though," Serafall took over cheerfully and Gabriel could see some hints of triumph in the woman, which was ever so slightly annoying. She was not, after all and contrary to popular belief, oblivious to the rivalry the devil felt they had. She even participated in that, if a lot less enthusiastically and obviously than her counterpart.

Some friendly competition was always good.

Now though…

"So, I'm sure you realize that we need to talk about things," the devil continued, turning surprisingly serious as she said that. "Because if not, this is bound to become… troublesome."

"Indeed," Yasaka pressed on, before Gabriel could even try to come up with anything. "So, what's it going to be?"

She almost decided to go with the coward's way out, she really did. However, something unexpected interrupted her thoughts on the matter. Her eyes darted to the side at the same time as Yasaka's and Serafall's. The door had opened and in came little Kunou, sparing her a single glance before the girl's attention was thoroughly stolen by her dad.

Joshua, for his part, welcomed his daughter with a smile before both of them started animatedly talking and…

And Gabriel deflated.

"So," she said, turning towards the two women in front of her and feeling like she was heading into a battlefield. "Where do we start?"

She really, really didn't like the smiles on their faces.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm here, once again, talking about how insecure I feel with my writing. It's honestly annoying even for me, in case you guys didn't know. I'd like nothing more than to look at something I write and think "yeah, this is great and people will love it". Alas, my negative ass can't do that, apparently.

Well, at least I'm pretty happy with the first part of the chapter. I'm sure at least some of you guys might have noticed that Jeanne's not around all that much anymore. I kind of address that in the chapter, but the gist of it is that she has her own life separate from Joshua's. If we were seeing this story from her perspective, it'd be Joshua that doesn't appear much anymore.

And that's fine, I believe, because sometimes families are like that. I'm not nearly as invested in my own family's lives, but I still love them to bits. We are just… different and have different lives, and I believe that's fine. I kind of wanted to show that through my writing and this chapter in specific.

I know people probably want me to address that chapter end… but I won't. :D

I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: I'm sure people have a very specific idea for that chapter end, but don't let that stop you from sharing that. What do you think is going on? What's your opinion and theories? Tell me, tell me, tell me.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 174 others
Adrian King
Aug 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 146 - I’ll Take These Footsteps
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#530
I'll Take These Footsteps

"Don't look at me like that," Joshua said, narrowing his eyes.

"But dad."

"Don't "but dad" me either, young lady," he chided, giving Kunou the lightest chop to the head in the history of chops to the head. It got the point across though, making her pout and grab her head as if he'd actually put any force on the hit. "I told you to be nice to Ravel."

"But she-"

"-Was doing nothing," he finished, narrowing his eyes further. "One would think that you'd know I know all that happens around me. I might be a bit clueless, but I'm not an idiot. You can't snap at her when she's just trying to be nice and helpful," he explained and he reminded himself that this was for his daughter's own good when she started tearing up a little.

He had to remain strong.

Ravel's thoroughly uncomfortable expression and posture wasn't helping his resolution much though. He knew the Phenex would have probably preferred to let things go, if only because she didn't want to make things awkward by being the reason he had to scold his daughter. She was probably going through a different version of the feeling one gets when at someone's house and seeing that someone get scolded by their parents.

Nobody liked being put in that position.

Alas, needs must.

"Apologize to her," Joshua said and he fixed Kunou with a look when it seemed like she'd protest against that. "Kunou," he added after a moment of defiant silence. Fortunately, that was enough to take the wind from her sails.

"... I'm sorry," she mumbled.

"It's fine," Ravel replied in much the same tone but for completely different reasons.

'Don't let her off the hook,' Joshua had to remind himself as he looked at his clearly sad daughter. She needed to learn and Yasaka had told him, explicitly, that the next time she did something bad, he better not fold. Even if she was sad, it'd help her in the end, to know that even if she messed up, he wouldn't just leave.

Also because it'd help her not become spoiled, but that was harder to do when he'd definitely fold if she wanted something. Drawing a line when she did something bad was one thing, it was another to tell her no when she was being good and wanted something. Maybe that made Joshua a terrible parent, he supposed, but he just… wanted her to be happy.

Why did that have to be bad?

He was exaggerating a little, of course, but the point stood.

"Ok, so, where were we?" he asked, turning towards his devil secretary. Ravel still looked a little out of sorts, but she did a remarkable job at getting over that and straightening herself. She really was entirely too professional for someone her age.

As she looked at her notes, he checked on Kunou through his wards and senses. She seemed to be pouting down at her homework and occasionally sending glances his way. 'You can do this, Joshua,' he told himself, gulping down his urge to give her a pat on the head and tell her it was all fine.

Her bouts of jealousy were getting a little out of hand, even if they didn't happen often.

"Um, we were discussing your new classes at House of Water," Ravel commented and he nodded for her to continue.

There really wasn't much need for them to discuss everything he did, but Ravel liked doing that. She was there more to keep track of things and make sure he didn't forget something he needed to do, like meetings and such. He did get very distracted more often than not, with projects and other things. She was also good at keeping track of the favors he was owed, which was bound to be nice whenever he might need something.

She probably would have been a godsend when he'd been pulling strings to raise his reputation and standing.

Alas, there was no use thinking about the past like that. Still, Ravel didn't need to be around at all times or anything of the sort. She just… wanted to, for whatever reason. Joshua wasn't going to tell her not to, when she seemed so adorably enthusiastic about her job. She loved going over every single piece of info he fed her and coming up with ideas for favors that he'd frankly never thought of before.

Granted, most of those things were stuff that he'd never bother with, but it was interesting to discuss anyway.

"Ah, um," Ravel stopped at some point and he raised an amused eyebrow as she seemed to grow a little self-conscious about… something. "I-I should let you work. I'm sorry, Mr. Davis," she mumbled, fidgeting with the corner of the page she'd been writing notes on. Kunou seemed like she was going to comment something, but she stopped when Joshua fixed her with a look.

"I probably should, yes," Joshua replied, because that was really the case. Going over the last hurdle with the Sleep Disease was proving to be more challenging than most of the process up to that point, frustratingly enough. On top of that, he was also smoothing over Project Ascension for Fallen and trying to make the Angel side of it catch up.

And a bunch of other projects and duties.

His life was entirely too busy.

Khaos fucking Brigade, honestly. Joshua really wanted to give those little shits a piece of his mind. He was actually kind of pushing forward some of his plans just because he wanted to kick their asses a little more. They were the whole reason he couldn't have a good time with his life, or at least as much of one as he'd like.

And that was not nice of them.

They'd have to pay.

For the moment though…

"Keep up the good work, yeah?" he said, planting a hand on top of the girl's head and ruffling her hair. Kunou wasn't a fan of that, if the pouty glare she sent their way was any indication, but he just rolled his eyes at her. Honestly…

"Of course, Mr. Davis," Ravel replied cheerfully, like the adorable secretary she was.

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

Mittelt and Kalawarna were both shaking where they stood.

Served them right, as far as she was concerned.

Raynare couldn't say she cared overly much for the two of them though, admittedly. They'd been nice subordinates once upon a time, but that had been about it. They were coworkers at best and people she had to put up with at worst. Ever since Davis had taken them under his wing – or maybe it was better to say he'd put them under his thumb, but Raynare didn't care for the details – the two of them had been less annoying or helpful and more… irrelevant.

They did the bare minimum, which she couldn't really understand. Here was the human that should rightfully want them dead or at least suffering, and he was giving them a chance to get stronger. Sure, he pushed a little… aggressively at first, but he could have done a lot worse than that. In the end, Raynare was even a little grateful for that, because it'd kicked her stupid mind into gear back when she couldn't truly see how good a deal they'd been dealt.

For whatever reason, Mittelt and Kalawarna hadn't seen the blessing in disguise for what it was.

Raynare had always known they were both a little on the slow side, but really. What did they expect to happen when they half-assed it for as long as they did? She was more surprised that it had taken so long for Davis to do something than she was that he was doing something at all. God knew she'd have put a light spear through them if they had spurned her favor like they had his.

"What… What's going on?" Mittelt asked after a long minute had passed since Davis called for them to stand in front of him. Raynare wanted to shake her head at her. Hadn't she learned through all their time there that it was better to let the man think? Granted, this was the first time he'd called for them and not have them immediately start training or something of the sort, but still.

Why did she think rushing the guy was a good idea when she seemed to be aware that she was in danger?

"What's going on is that you've officially made me stop caring about you," Davis said and Raynare stiffened. Surely not, right? She'd done everything she could. Everything he asked was done to the best of her ability. Had she annoyed him by trying to do more than was asked and things that weren't asked for at all? She'd thought she had been careful when doing that. Had she messed up-? "Mittelt, Kalawarna, I'm officially done with the two of you," he added and Raynare couldn't hold back a relieved sigh, feeling the tension leaving her body.

Then she realized that she messed up by moving and looked up…

To find Davis looking at her with an amused half-smile. It seemed that she was safe for the moment. She had tempted fate entirely too much then and there though. Better to keep an eye on herself better now. She really didn't want to know what was gonna happen if she did so again.

"What… What does that mean?" Kalawarna couldn't help but stammer out, her voice as shaky as her body was. Raynare almost wanted to scoff at her. What did she think that meant? If Davis killed them quickly, it'd be a mercy. They'd all seen what the man could do when properly motivated.

And as far as Raynare was concerned, her fellow Fallen Had certainly given the man reasons to be… creative.

"It means that I'm washing my hands off the two of you," Davis answered, giving them a bored look. "The reason we are waiting is because, I'm sure, someone decided to be a pain in the ass."

Well, that was certainly a curious statement. Was he talking about his familiars? Was he going to feed the two to Nagini? Because the snake familiar would appreciate that, Raynare was sure. Maybe that'd put the usually vicious creature in a good mood?

She wasn't sure if that was good, considering it could mean less effective spars.

"So, we are gonna wait here patiently," Davis continued, giving them all a flat look. "Aren't we?"

"Of course," Raynare replied instantly and she could almost see the other two roll their eyes at her, or at least want to. Sometimes they'd dare and sometimes they wouldn't. Ultimately, it was inconsequential to her.

"Well, might as well get this out of the way," Davis continued, turning his blue eyes towards her and even stepping in her direction. She'd thought the current situation was about the other two, after what he'd said. Had she been wrong? "There's a choice before you, Raynare."

Immediately, her mind readied itself. She wouldn't make the wrong choice. No way. Davis had already proven he could give her all the power Raynare had ever dared to dream of having. The extra pair of wings on her back made that abundantly clear. She couldn't afford to make a wrong choice, a wrong move, a wrong anything.

"You've gone above and beyond anything I could have hoped when I took you in, all three of you. Certainly did a lot better than these two," the man commented, waving his hand dismissively towards the other two, who looked even more pale than they'd already been before. Had it finally sunk in how much they'd screwed up? "I can honestly say you've surprised me, pleasantly so. Thus, I'm… forgiving you, for lack of a better term. If you so desire, you can go away now, as simple as that. You can choose to go and continue with your life."

That sounded like…

That was…

"And…?" she asked, her voice just as fearful as Kalawarna's had been.

"The other choice-," Davis started, his calm expression turning into a smile, a sharp, dangerous thing that sent shivers down her spine. "-is that you remain here, remain my little servant and I'll push you. I'll push you again and again, as far as I can. Do you want to see it, Raynare, how far you can go?" he asked, stepping even closer to her.

Raynare felt her insides twist and turn and tie themselves into knots.

"Do you want to see your limit?" he continued, his grin widening. "If you even have one?"

What else could she answer? There was only one way, and she couldn't get the words out of her mouth fast enough.

"I do," she replied in a breath.

"Great to hear," Davis said, clearly pleased and Raynare had never felt so accomplished.

Fuck going back. Fuck being "free".

She'd never be free, so long as she was weak, and she knew it. No, Raynare would grow stronger and if she had to do so while having a leash around her neck, then so be it. Better the one leash than being a weakling that could be pushed around by anyone. She'd take Davis over half the supernatural world, as had been the case before.

"Welp, looks like they are here," he commented then, breaking Raynare from her thoughts as he turned to look at something behind him. Roughly where he'd stood before, there was a teleportation circle that… wasn't quite activating, or at least not quickly.

Of course the guy couldn't let someone just teleport in. It wasn't something that was allowed overly much from people that weren't of a higher status… Which made the fact that it was Penemue that appeared all the more meaningful. Because if the guy could delay the teleportation of the person who was considered Azazel's right hand, then who even could be considered above Davis?

Not that Raynare was surprised, really.

After seeing the man take down a Longinus Sacred Gear wielder and give her an extra pair of wings, Raynare was ready to believe he was up there, right where God was supposed to be. After all, if he could do what nobody else but God himself could, then surely that put him in the same league, right? Maybe Davis wasn't as strong as the individuals in that league, but Raynare knew better than to think Davis was weak.

"Penemue, so good to see you," Davis greeted amiably, a casual smile on his face as he walked up to Grigori's Chief Secretary. "Azazel didn't feel like coming?"

"No, he did not," the woman answered, frustration clear in her voice. Raynare guessed that the Governor was supposed to be there, since Davis had said "they" before. She wasn't too sure though, but then again, she was barely paying attention.

She was too busy riding the high of what Davis had told her, offered her, all but guaranteed her. The craziest part was, to her at least, that he'd phrased it like a question. As if she'd ever dare to say no to that, to the chance of being stronger, of being strong.

"Welp, there they are," Davis commented, waving his hand towards Mittelt and Kalawarna, who looked… a bit confused. Raynare could understand. She'd thought he'd just end them somehow, but he was handing them off to Grigori?

"Indeed," Penemue replied, turning towards them and… And Raynare wasn't sure if being at the mercy of Davis wasn't a kinder fate. It really depended, but the look on the Chief Secretary didn't precisely promise anything much better, that was for sure. Ultimately, it seemed that they had never been anywhere near safe one way or another.

Sucked to be them, especially Kalawarna.

Then she turned towards Raynare and she straightened, both out of desire to make a good impression… and to show off her wings, she'd admit. Because damn if she wasn't proud of those. After so long being nothing and nobody, barely above the rabble, Raynare was now a four-winged fallen. Not much in the face of a ten-winged one, for sure, but she'd get there or die trying. That was all she needed to know.

"Very impressive work, Davis," Penemue commented, as if she were talking about a piece of art or a machine, but that was fine. Raynare was a project, a prototype, and she knew it. She was a successful one though. That was all that mattered.

They could see her however they wished, if they made her stronger.

"I try," Davis commented, clearly proud. "And this is nothing. You all have ten wings, right? Five pairs. Azazel's got six. I wonder if I can reach that, maybe go past that," he said and Raynare found herself grinning widely.

God did she love the absolute mad bastard and his insane mind.

Once upon a time, she'd probably have worn a similarly baffled expression to the one that Penemue displayed, she was sure. Then and there, there was nothing but excitement and certainty in her mind. Excitement because she couldn't wait to be there when they tried, to be there when Davis likely succeeded. And certainty, because after all she'd seen the man do and pull off, there was no doubt in her mind that if anyone could do it, that was him.

It was weird to think about but…

Raynare was so very glad that she'd been tricked, betrayed and left for dead. It had all led her to the position she was in then and there, after all. It had all led her to Davis, the provider of her strength, the one person in the world that could promise her anything and she'd believe him.

"Now, if you could take those two with you? I have things to do and I've wasted my time with them long enough," Davis continued, as if he hadn't said something absolutely ridiculous before. Raynare wasn't surprised anymore, but it was still so very… amusingly baffling. "Projects to work on, stuff to study and all that. I'm sure you know how it goes."

"I have an idea," Penemue said, clearly a little caught off guard by how dismissive Davis was with her. Not that Raynare blamed her overly much. As Chief Secretary of Grigori, she probably didn't come across people that didn't give a damn about her all that much.

The fool.

Davis wasn't just anyone, after all. Penemue should realize by then that with the man, it should be the other way around. She should be the one being careful what she says and being respectful.

Either way, it wasn't Raynare's problem, as she watched the woman take Mittelt and Kalawarna and teleport away.

"So, training?" Davis asked, turning towards her and Raynare could have laughed.

She really had hit the jackpot.

"Thought you'd never ask."

[}-o-{]​

[Sona Sitri]

She breathed roughly through a parched throat, her body leaning forward as she struggled to keep herself upright.

"You guys are doing really well," Joshua said, standing in front of her and her peerage. The man looked exactly the same as he had when he welcomed them to his place. The most she had noticed through the whole training time was that his breathing would grow a little agitated at times and there were some beads of sweat here and there.

Nothing like how Sona and her peerage looked at that very moment, that was for sure.

"Not good enough," she breathed out, cursing the fact that she couldn't even speak properly. What chance did she stand during the upcoming Young Devils Gathering, if she couldn't even get through one of these training sessions without almost falling flat on her face?

"I think you aren't being very fair with yourself. Sairaorg and Rias might give you a hard time, but the others? I've heard of them, looked into them. Agares is smart, but not as smart as you and certainly not as strong. Glasya-Labolas? If you don't crush the guy, I'll be very disappointed," Joshua told her, looking at her with a calm smile. Sona, for her part, had to hold back a proudful reaction to his encouragement…

And a wince at the last part.

"You are fine. Besides, your peerage isn't a combat focused one. You have different goals, different aims. That's fine," Joshua continued, glancing towards her pretty much collapsed peerage members behind her. "If administration were a fight, you'd beat them all, probably together," he added, and this time there was no stopping herself from preening the smallest bit.

That is, until she remembered why it was so important that she do well in the fights.

"People won't care about that," she said, trying and maybe failing to keep her despondency hidden. The closer the date was, the more Sona was aware that not only was her peerage weak in martial might, but her dream would only make things worse. They had no strength in a society that decided its leaders in their combat prowess and they had a dream that favored the groups of people that the nobility most looked down on

"Hm, yeah, Serafall told me about your… complicated situation," Joshua commented, making her wince. She expected her sister to talk about her a lot, but Sona still didn't appreciate that she'd divulged the source of her insecurities like that. It wasn't like she'd been gossiping with strangers, of course, but still…

Of course it had to be Joshua…

"She also told me that she can't do much or the stuffy people would get pissy," the man continued, unaware of her thoughts. "Fortunately for you, there's a rather convenient thing we can do to help you out against the stuffy people."

"Please don't speak like that. Serafall is enough," she grumbled, finally regaining her bearings enough to attempt to stand straight. It was annoying enough to hear her sister, the Satan, speak so childishly. Hearing Joshua do so too was more than a little infuriating.

"I happen to think they are stuffy too," the man replied, making her groan. "Just calling things like I see them," he justified with a chuckle, which didn't stop Sona from giving him a flat look. "Serafall's right. You are entirely too serious."

"It's you two that aren't serious enough."

"Eh, debatable," Joshua replied with a shrug. "I'm serious about the things I care about. Politics and generally stuffy things aren't in that list. They are often more annoying than anything else. Kind of how I imagine you view your sister's childish things, which happen to be something she actually takes pretty seriously."

To that, she had no response, which must have shown on her face pretty quickly. She assumed as much, considering Joshua sent an understanding smile her way that had her glancing away. Why did he have to put it that way? Why couldn't he let her be unreasonable and think she was actually reasonable?

It wasn't a nice feeling to realize that she was wrong, even if she'd been getting the idea for a while.

"Anyway, as I was saying," Joshua continued before Sona could find the right words to respond to his previous statement. "Serafall and I talked about things and we believe we can help you with your little issue."

"I appreciate it, but I can't ask her for help. She might be a Satan-"

"But she can't do whatever she wants, I get it," he finished for her, raising an eyebrow at her. "Will you let me finish speaking now?" he asked, amusement clear in his voice as Sona felt her cheeks heat up in embarrassment. "She can't do anything, but I can," he said, giving her a smile. "I happen to think your dream is great, so I'll push back against the stuffy idiots all I want and the Egyptian will have my back, same as Yasaka. And I'm sure I can definitely put some pressure on things. Reincarnated people are often affiliated to other pantheons, so I just have to present it a bit like it'd be a great thing to smooth things out at least a bit with everyone involved. And if they press the issue…"

If they did, Joshua could, as a representative of the Egyptians, press the issue as a grave insult to other pantheons. The Egyptians weren't very connected with much, but if they poked the issue the smallest bit, every other faction would jump on the chance. The devils hadn't been doing themselves a lot of favors with their use of Evil Pieces on people that were technically connected to other pantheons.

If everyone started breathing down the devil's necks…

"So, you are covered. Nobody's gonna be mean to you," Joshua reassured her with a smile. Sona, for her part, didn't know if she should feel grateful or scared. She knew Serafall could be extreme, but more often than not she wasn't really able to pull through with her attitude. Now that she had Joshua, someone that allowed her that and seemed to even agree with her extremity…

The supernatural world really didn't know what was hiding right under their noses.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I don't know why I keep torturing myself with this kind of scene with Kunou. It's already been pointed out to me that I'm not doing a great job with scenes that are more parenting than pure fluff, so I should really just stick with regular fluff and call it a day… And yet, here I am, because I'm dumb.

In regards to Mittelt and Kalawarna… Well, I always knew Kala was going to go one way or another. Funnily enough though, I always thought Raynare would go with her and only Mittelt would remain, but it seems that didn't go as predicted. As usual, really, but I felt like pointing that out. Neither of those two was doing much, in my opinion and in Joshua's, which is why he decided on this.

Works for me, honestly.

And we are at the Young Devil Gathering's time already. Probably took longer than it should have, but I was honestly running through my own plots and almost forgot that some canon things haven't gone out the window yet… oops.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Headphones or earbuds? I prefer headphones myself.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 178 others
Adrian King
Aug 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 147 - Smoke Will Rise-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#532
Smoke Will Rise-

"It was boring."

"Well… Yeah, I imagined it'd be," Joshua replied wryly. "You don't strike me as a person to appreciate that kind of setting," he added, leaving unsaid his own disdain for such things. He thought it was pretty obvious to anyone that knew anything about him, really.

"Joshua~ You are corrupting little Shirone with your antisocial ways~"

"Koneko," the white-haired girl corrected half-heartedly. "And I didn't like them before either."

"This is your fault, Joshua~" Kuroka accused exaggeratedly, ignoring her sister's words. Both Joshua and the younger nekoshou sighed. "See~?!"

"Can't we meet without her here?" Koneko asked, but he knew she was just joking. Her flat delivery made it hard at times, but he'd made sure to double check what she was ok with and such things. He'd told her to be extra clear if she ever wanted him to make Kuroka go away, either because she was tired and needed a moment or any other reason. He'd talked with the older sister herself and she'd easily agreed to do as he said if he explicitly ordered something.

It was a little exhausting to play mediator, but Koneko was nice and Kuroka was… not as annoying as he'd first thought. She was like Serafall, he supposed. Her personality could be a bit much, but one just needed to learn to let most of it go.

"Eh… she has her moments," he commented idly, drawing a hum from Koneko while Kuroka… gasped and dramatically moved a hand to her chest. "Anything I should know? Sona's not going to tell me how things went and Serafall made a promise, apparently."

"It… wasn't too bad. Lady Leviathan dealt with it herself," Koneko commented and Joshua hummed to himself. So, the Young Devil Gathering had gone about as expected. Joshua's memories of DxD were a bit all over the place, especially because the story itself kind of was. Canon Issei's PoV didn't really help matters.

Well, he was sure Serafall would have broken her promise if Sona had actually needed his help. Or, at least, someone would have told him or let him know. Koneko then and there, for example, could have let him know somehow if he needed to step in. He didn't, apparently, but that didn't mean he wouldn't be keeping an eye on things.

Sona was a good kid and she was Serafall's sister, that was all the reason he needed.

"Welp, anything you want to do?" he asked, looking at Koneko. He had some free time, with his familiars entertaining Raynare and most everyone else busy one way or another. He'd have been working on some project at that moment, normally, but he'd smashed his head against Project Awakening so much for so long by then that he found himself really needing a break.

"Hm, we could…" Koneko started, pulling his focus back to the present before trailing off, unsure. She looked the same as usual, but he could read her well enough with Life Sense and a bunch of spells around. So could Kuroka, he was sure, but neither of them said anything. Instead, they allowed the girl to gather her thoughts and speak her mind in her own time. "The Youkai places… Could we visit them?" Koneko asked eventually, looking uncharacteristically emotive as she shyly looked down and fidgeted with the hem of her skirt.

"Sure thing," he answered simply, calmly and confidently. He normally wouldn't have put that much effort into such an… inconsequential response, but it wasn't so for Koneko. She was nervous, very much so, if she was showing it. So, the least he could do was make sure she was, for sure, reassured that it was fine. "Let me make a call or two and we can go wherever you want, see everything there's to see in Youkai Town."

"Is it called that~?" Kuroka asked curiously and he stared flatly back at her.

"No, it's just Kyoto, but supernatural. Unless you wanted to go to Tokyo?" he said, turning to Koneko with his question. He hadn't seen Nurarihyon since his… offer to improve his defenses, as it were. Nor had he heard anything from Yasaka until he asked. From what he'd heard, the guy was basically acting as if nothing had happened.

At least, other than the fact that nobody was saying dumb shit about or related to Yasaka and Kunou.

Which was good, Joshua was no fan of violent means, but he was far from above those. Nobody made the people important to him sad and got away with it. Not if he could do something about it, and he certainly had the strength to make many people's lives miserable now.

Ravel would surely love to do something other than keeping record of his business, and that would certainly fall to her "expertise", probably. He'd probably have to check anything with Yasaka and Serafall, but he was certain-

"Kyoto is fine," Koneko said, cutting off the tangent his mind had gone off on. "You know the place, right?"

"A little bit, yeah," he answered, tilting his head as he recalled the places he'd been to. Most of his time in the Youkai Faction area had been at Yasaka's place, but he had visited some places while sightseeing with Jeanne and also during some of his later dates with Yasaka now that they weren't hiding anymore. "I can show you some places," he added, making a mental note to ask Yasaka and some of his contacts – mostly servants of Yasaka that he was in friendly terms with, like Fuyuko – for some nice spots that he might not know.

"I'd like that," Koneko replied with the smallest smile. For her though? It might as well have been positively beaming, evidenced by the way Kuroka cooed over it. So, Joshua smiled back and made a mental note to do his best with this outing and probably take her out on some more in future visits.

[}-o-{]​

"You," Yasaka hissed angrily, eyes narrowed as she took the seat in front of him. Joshua, for his part, looked up from his notebook and blinked at her. It was a good thing that Kunou wasn't around, since she was in her classes. Hell, nobody was around, it was kind of why Joshua was just sort of idly tinkering, trying to do so while relaxed instead of pressuring himself…

So far, he hadn't made much progress on Project Awakening but he had gone in what he considered a productive thought tangent regarding Project Intelligence. He'd have to go back to the former eventually, but he didn't want to pressure himself and mess up because of that. Thus, he was pondering a little on the possibilities of just copying a person's readings before altering that "base" into something else for his AI spell/spell array. After all, he knew that he'd mess up if he tried to make something "perfect". So, why not make a regular intelligence that would be "normal". That could hopefully help smooth things over a little…

Or not.

He was still thinking that over.

For the moment though…

"Yes?" he replied, a little confused. He didn't remember doing anything that would anger Yasaka. Hell, he'd even taken a step – little one, but baby steps – in regards to parenting Kunou and all. If anything, she should be happy… Which she had been, at the time, but still.

"You and Serafall, I'm gonna get you both for this," she told him, her angry frown turning into a pouty one that was honestly more cute than anything, really. 'Ah, it's that, huh?' he thought, his lips tugging into a smile even though he knew that wouldn't help Yasaka's mood. "This is not a laughing matter!" she protested in what sounded more like a whine.

"I think it is," he retorted, getting himself a glare that he responded to with a wider smile. "You asked me for help and I helped," he said with a smile.

"I didn't ask you to do that much," she grumbled at him.

"I did what I thought was enough. By the way, Serafall barely did anything," he commented, leaning back on his chair and taking a sip from his cup of tea. "I just asked her if everything was in order before going through with that," he added with a shrug.

"Then how…?" she started asking, confused, before trailing off. Then she seemed to find her own answer. To be fair, it was likely the right one too. "Your pet devil."

"That's rude," he pointed out, unimpressed. "She's my secretary, thank you. And she's great at her job, evidently. Or was there anything wrong with the strings we pulled?" he asked, trying to play it off but unable to stop himself from being a little uncertain. Maybe they had messed up.

Serafall hadn't looked that deeply and Ravel, while great, was a young devil herself. Joshua didn't have much expertise in the area himself so… Between all three of those factors, it was possible that something had gone wrong.

"No, you did not," Yasaka grumbled, deflating where she sat. "Don't make me feel bad, I'm trying to scold you here," she mumbled, pouting again at him.

"Why is it so difficult to accept that I want to help, especially people that I care about such as yourself?" he asked, giving her an amused smile. "Sure, I might have gone a bit overboard, I guess." Personally, he didn't think he did but still. "The Stars almost jumped at the chance, honestly. Everyone's happy."

"Joshua, it's not… I just…" Yasaka started before seemingly starting to struggle putting her thoughts into words. It was quite… odd, to see her like that. She was usually the most put together person he knew, but she did have her moments of weakness in that regard, he supposed.

So, he decided to try and be the rock she had been for him on numerous occasions.

"You don't like it when people help you," he finished for her softly, reaching across the table in his library and taking her hand. Off the side of his eye, he saw Cheshire sit at the end of the piece of furniture and tilting her head. He sent her away with a thought… mostly because he was pretty sure Nagini would eat Raynare if he left those two alone and Morag and Margalo were too busy playing with Incinerate Anthem.

He had this handled, he was sure.

And if not, then he'd mess up and Yasaka and him would work to fix things, but he wanted to try and do things himself.

"I don't," she admitted, not for the first time, taking a hold of his hand. "I might not have told you, but when he left," she started and Joshua gave her hand a comforting squeeze. He knew it was hard for her to talk about him. He didn't know his name yet, because nobody ever mentioned it, least of all Yasaka, even though she was the one he'd heard about the man the most from. He wished one of them would, then maybe he could find him and give him a piece of his mind… Then again, maybe that was one of the reasons he didn't know yet. "It didn't just… hurt me. It also hurt my reputation. And now… I've spent this long building it back up as someone that doesn't need… anyone. It's just…"

"I love you, Yasaka," he said simply, when she trailed off and didn't seem like she'd continue from there. He stared straight into her golden eyes and smiled softly. "I'll do many things for you, so many that it's easier to count the ones I won't do. Don't ask me to not care though, to not try and do things for you just because I love you and I want to show it somehow. I can't do that."

"... You are so…" she started, gripping his hand tightly. "So unfair, do you know that?"

"I've been told that once or twice, yes," he answered with a half-smile.

"... I love you," she mumbled, eyes moving down to where he held her hand in his. "And I love that you care. It's just… Old habits die hard, indeed."

"... Then I guess I'll help you with that too, huh?" he asked, bringing her hand up to kiss her knuckles before smiling at her. "Besides, even if things don't work out and you dump me, I hope you know you can count on me."

"Idiot," she said, a watery smile on her face. "I fell in love with a fool."

"That you did."

[}-o-{]​

"This is a family outing, son, relax a little," Soren told him, grinning teasingly at him.

Joshua would have felt embarrassed about the "family" and the "son" parts if not for two things. First, it filled him with weird feelings inside to be included in a family like that, despite the fact that he'd been building a new one for himself for a while now. It wasn't the same as this, however, because he'd never had siblings or a daughter or anything like the things he had now.

A parent though, he'd had two amazing ones that he'd lost. So, it was all sorts of awkward to be called "son" by someone else that wasn't just saying that or using it as a nickname of sorts. Not necessarily all bad, but still plenty… odd.

Second of all, he was too busy ignoring him and doing what he'd been doing through most of the outing, where they'd gone to a nice place for a meal in a devil city near the Sitri's place. What was he doing? He was checking on Soren to make sure he was fine, because that was the first instance where the Sitri Lord had gone outside of his place and from under the influence of Joshua's spells.

"Joshua," Serafall said, poking him with a fond smile on her face. "Is everything alright?" she asked, not really concerned. She knew, after all, that he'd have done something if something was wrong. She was asking for another reason.

"No," he answered, slumping down. "I just worry."

"You'll notice if something happens. There's no need to be that tense, alright?" she asked, taking his hand in hers. When he interlocked his fingers with her, she hummed happily. "Now, what were we talking about?" she asked the table around them, which had her parents smiling at them and Sona looking like she felt very out of place.

"You were telling us how well little Sona has been doing in your show," Lady Sitri said, throwing her youngest under the bus mercilessly. Joshua found himself torn between laughing and feeling bad for the youngest sister. In the end, he did neither of those, really.

Instead, he just smiled contently as Serafall went on a long monologue regarding her show and its state as of late, with Joshua, Margalo and Sona. Chancing a glance towards his bird familiar, he saw her perched at an empty chair preening proudly. That was nice. He'd specifically brought her to this outing because he knew Serafall would go on and on about her show and his bird loved that with a passion.

It was nice of Serafall and her family to allow him to bring his familiar. He hadn't been too sure if that was allowed. Because it was one thing to bring one or two of them when he was working, but it was another to do so during a… a family outing that was in public. He wasn't even sure how those were supposed to go. He'd usually just gone places with his parents and nobody else. The few times he'd gone with others he'd been too busy being an awkward loner to notice much of anything.

Besides, it wasn't like that'd have helped much, considering his familiars weren't pets, they were much more than that.

"Well, I was watching the last episode and-" Boy was it a surprise to hear that Serafall's parents watched her show. Somehow, it struck Joshua as supremely odd that these two relatively ancient devils, lord and lady of their House, watched a show that was almost entirely for children.

In a way though, it was very heartwarming, because he very much doubted they would have if the thing wasn't made by Serafall. There was no way they were watching for any reason other than supporting their daughter. It was… very nice. It made Joshua think that his parents likely would have listened to him talk about wards for hours. They had always wanted to bring the excited child out of him with things he enjoyed, just like how he'd sometimes go on speeches about this or that book that he'd been reading.

It was a bittersweet train of thought, he supposed.

Good thing he could easily let it go.

"-I have to say that I'm enjoying these last few ones quite a bit. It's nice to see the characters' normal life outside of their adventures," Lady Sitri continued, once more pulling Joshua from his thoughts. His mind was entirely too all over the place as of late, he felt.

He was already prone to going on tangents in his own head as it was, but he felt like he was doing that much more lately. 'Awakening is messing with my head,' he thought, bringing a hand up to discreetly massage the bridge of his nose. Not that he thought he managed that very well, considering the way Serafall squeezed his hand and the look both Sona and Soren sent his way.

"I don't suppose this trend will stay though, will it?" Lady Sitri finished, turning towards him and Joshua realized then that even she knew something was up. It made him feel… embarrassed and helpless, sort of. It was also, really nice that none of them said anything and looked like they were just… keeping an eye on him.

"I wouldn't count these chapters off just yet," he replied instead of Serafall, a smile on his face. Because if they were going to go the extra mile for him, he could do the same for them. "The plan is for them to stay just a little longer."

"We are setting things up, after all," Serafall announced, making a peace sign with her free hand. "Even So-tan is excited."

"Shut up," Sona muttered, her cheeks slightly red as she looked away.

Joshua just smiled as Serafall started teasing her sister and allowed himself to lean back and just… enjoy being around people.

[}-o-{]​

[Karin]

She stood as still as possible… which wasn't much. She could feel her hands shaking and she couldn't stop herself from shuffling a little where she stood. Some of the other students snickering let her know that no, she wasn't being nearly as inconspicuous as she wished she was.

They didn't matter though.

What mattered was Professor Davis and his opinion of her spell.

So, Karin looked at him at the same time that she wanted her eyes to be focused anywhere else. His expression gave nothing away except maybe slight curiosity as he tilted his head. She'd cast her spell a few minutes before and was still awaiting judgment. That was also her third attempt and there was something to be said about doing something three times, right?…

After all, George and Dion had failed just as many times as she had. So, she was fine, right? Even if she failed, Professor Davis wouldn't care. He didn't mind failures so long as they didn't do something dumb or didn't learn from their mistakes. Except… Meredith had passed on her second try. Levi had gotten it in his first try.

Karin wanted to succeed too.

Professor Davis might not care if they failed and failed and then failed some more. He probably would encourage them through the whole thing and… be stupidly giving as he'd been with them so far. Karin expected that, really.

That wasn't the reason she wanted to pass so badly though. It wasn't the reason they wanted to pass so badly. Because all of them, all the Stars were in the same boat in that respect. They all had that Sword of Damocles hanging over their heads.

They were the favorites, the favored. Professor Davis asked them more questions than the entire class put together. They always spoke up, they always participated, they always did well. He asked them for favors, he boosted their reputation, he opened doors for them and he basically picked them all up to bring them right up in the magician ladder with his own rise.

And now, every challenge they faced, they'd have to prove that they were worthy of that.

They had to prove that they were truly Stars.

If they didn't manage that then…

What was the point?

"Hm, it looks…" The sound of her teacher's voice broke Karin from her thoughts instantly and she stood straight, facing him. Was it time for her to hear the verdict? "It looks good," he said and Karin wanted so desperately to ask if it was good enough, because that's what mattered. He'd told them their attempts looked good before, when they failed. So she needed… She needed to know…

Out of the corner of her eye, Karin saw the rest of the class – and even those that had already passed and gotten out of the Spell Modification class, her fellow Stars – looking on curiously, eagerly, intently. She felt her hands sweating and she desperately stopped herself from wiping them on her clothes. She took a deep breath and…

'Deep breaths, relax your muscles and then let it out, let that tension out,' she told herself, repeating what was, among her fellow students, a sort of mantra. Professor Davis would always tell them that or a variation thereof, when he noticed that they were too tense, too nervous, too scared. Not a single one of them ever mocked those that used that advice, because they'd all used it at least once.

And if someone did… Well, bad things happened to them.

On her back, she felt Morag pulling at her hair and her lips twitched. She didn't know what she'd done to earn the favor of one of her teacher's familiars, but there she was. The spider always seemed to find a moment to be around her. She'd started coming to their classes a lot more than before too and Karin…

Karin appreciated that. She was a little scary, sure, but she was also a little adorable too. And besides, she'd never say no to a new friend, so there was that. On top of that, Professor Davis' familiars were all just so full of… nature, that she couldn't not love them. Not when her magic was all about nature too.

"Very good, actually," Professor Davis continued. "Did you base it off the work you did on my garden?" he asked and Karin felt a smile form on her face despite her nerves.

"I did… I wanted to improve on that," she answered somehow, despite the knot in her throat. But damnit if she'd leave a question made by her favorite teacher unanswered.

"Well, you did it," he said and she felt hope rise up inside her. She held onto it though, not willing to accidentally fool herself. Maybe he meant something else other tha- "You pass, Karin. Be proud," he told her, a smile on his face that told her he was just that.

"Wohooo! Another one!" she heard Meredith celebrate to the side and there were some other voices, but Karin just stood there… Processing that. There was so much happiness, so much pride… but she didn't move from where she was. Instead, she stood there, smiling like an idiot.

"Good job," Professor Davis told her, patting her arm and she almost fell over just with that. Not because it was a strong pat, but because she was suddenly feeling very weak due to the relief and happiness overwhelming her. "Now, anyone else?" he asked, turning towards the rest of the class with a smile. "We have some time. If nobody's got their spells ready yet, we can go over your work and doubts if you want. Otherwise-"

Whatever else he had to say though, was interrupted by the crack of lightning, a flash of light and an explosion going off on one side, at the main building of House of Water. There were some surprised cries as everyone turned in that direction. Smoke came off of the other side from where they were, in an open space in between wings. Something was going on there though and-

And…

And the pressure.

Karin almost fell to the ground for a completely different reason as she felt the heavy, cold aura wash over here, pressing her to the ground. She felt familiar spells make their presence known once more. The machine, the beast and the guardian, all three of them reared their heads in while Professor Davis' kind smile disappeared and was replaced by another one that sent chills down her spine.

"Everyone, go in the other direction, right now," he said, his voice allowing no arguments.

"Professor?" she managed to squeak out.

"Go," he told her. "There's some pests on this side that need to be dealt with," he added, and there was a touch of excitement to his smile that promised no good things for anyone. She'd never known… She knew Professor Davis could be merciless and even harsh. She had heard some of the rumors and even confirmed stories. But this… This was… "Some people need to just die already," she heard him say as he moved away and she only looked at his back, as if her feet were nailed to the ground.

And as she watched, Karin could have sworn she saw black lines appear on her teacher's skin.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

You guys know how it goes. A little fluff, a little more fluff but this time romance oriented, then some more fluff but family oriented, some nice class fluff too – because why not? – and then some touch of people about to die. Wait… One of those is not like the others…

Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any guesses as to what's going on? Shouldn't be too difficult.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 176 others
Adrian King
Aug 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 148 - -Let the Flames Burn Higher-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#535
-Let the Flames Burn Higher-

Morag had already jumped on his back as he moved away from his class.

Joshua's expression was clear, not only because he was focusing on reading his spells around House of Water's place as best he could. Those that remained standing, that is. He was very curious about how they'd found a way to just… take down his spells. If he had to hazard a guess, he'd say Annihilation Maker, somehow. That Sacred Gear could make literally any kind of creature the user thought off… So that was the one he was most wary of. Maybe some tangential use of True Longinus to pierce through his spells?

Either way, there was another reason for his head staying cool and that was because Shed's connection afforded him a calm mind. It was a necessity for a hunter to keep themselves focused, after all. It certainly applied at that moment, because he might not have been chasing his prey, but he was certainly on a hunt.

Shed wasn't the only one around though, even though he was the only one he was channeling at that moment. Everyone else, gods and goddesses that he'd communicated with before and some that he hadn't, he felt all of them peeking over his shoulder. They knew as much as he did, maybe even more, and they were very much interested in what was about to go down.

Not that he blamed them.

Maybe the Egyptians were fine with him just going about his day, making a name for himself as he had been so far. It wasn't the fastest way, but it was a steady and solid way. That was what he assumed at the very least. However, they were also perfectly fine with Joshua making his presence felt in a much more… direct way.

And oh was he about to make a name for himself. Everyone in House of Water would be his witness that day. Because he'd be damned if he didn't show the world what he could do then and there. There was no way he was pulling any punches that day. There was no way he was not doing great things then and there.

He had all the reasons to do so, that was for sure.

He felt Shed and Set surprisingly in sync, both of them eager, excited, for what was coming. They were both certainly going to enjoy themselves too, because Joshua planned to let them go wild on his enemies. If someone had been stupid enough to come for him in such a blatant way, then they deserved nothing else.

Idly, as he walked, he took out Setan Kober and Carnwennan. The dutiful holy dagger and the savage demonic kris were both ready for the battle that was coming. More than that, really, considering how long they'd been waiting for a proper battle where they could enjoy themselves.

"We are all ready, I guess," he commented out loud, getting a click of Morag's jaws in response. Yeah, they were all ready. Except-

"Certainly am, Professor Davis," a voice replied to his side and he turned to see Meredith walking beside him, holy sword in hand courtesy of her Sacred Gear. Her auburn hair was already tied back, out of the way for what she was going to get herself into. There was an excited smile on her face, but there was also nervousness in her blue eyes. "Anything I should know?"

"... I can't tell you to stay out of this, can I?" he asked, Shed's clarity of mind and all the information his Senses gave him telling him that. His apprentice was not going to sit out of that fight, it seemed.

"No, you can not," she answered firmly and he considered his options. He could argue with her, but he would only be so lucky if his prey waited for much longer. It was already odd that they weren't doing much after breaking through the defenses and announcing their presence as they had. However, he didn't have all the time in the world.

"Don't get yourself killed," he told her then, turning back to the path ahead of him. "Do that and consider whatever debt you have with me settled."

"That's not how it works, Professor Davis."

"It's how it works for me," he replied with a half-smile. "The last thing I need is your death in my conscience, because they are definitely here for me. Morag stay with her," he added, and his familiar jumped on the girl who, to her credit, didn't so much as twitch as the giant spider clung to her and simply continued walking by him. "Nobody else was this dumb, were they?"

"Dion gathered everyone else, I think she's looking for someone to cast something with them as part of her Coven Magic," Meredith told him and he nodded. At least that would hopefully keep them out of things until things were over. "Again, anything I should know?"

"Well, there's people weak to holy energies for you to stab, so you are lucky that way," he told her and her backs straightened. "Don't get involved until you have a better idea of what's going on. They probably want me, as I said, so if you stay back, I can buy you some time for you to analyze them. That goes for all three of you."

"I can do that, if you don't get yourself killed or end things before I can-... Wait, three?" Meredith interrupted herself asking, turning her head confusedly at him. He just half-smiled, still facing forward as he walked.

"Got it," a new voice said and he didn't even turn to look at her. "You know, I was afraid this would happen, especially when you officially joined my association," Agnes commented idly, not at all annoyed or angry.

"Regretting things already?" Joshua asked casually. "Maybe you'll feel less indebted to me now."

"There's that, I guess," the Director commented with a thoughtful expression. "Rather considerate of them to wait for us, don't you think?"

"Cocky is the word I'd use," he said, cracking his neck. "That's fine though. That's the best favor they could do me and I don't mind it at all. I'm starting to love their expression when they realize that they've fucked up," he commented with a grin.

"Remind me never to anger you."

"Same, Professor Davis."

"You two are way too smart for that," he told them with a wave of his hand. "Agnes-"

"Báthory is already on the way."

"Nice," he replied with a pleased nod. "Then everything's ready. Let's go greet the guests, shall we?"

"This is my association, you know?" Agnes asked him, humor in her voice.

"And this is my fight," he told her, certainty steeling his voice. Their trek was stopped right before the last door. "Hope you are ready, Meredith," he said, reaching for the double door that led outside to the side the attack had come from and opening it. Morag was more than ready, he knew through his bond and he'd be very disappointed if Agnes wasn't.

So, he stepped outside.

"Took your time, didn't you, you pitiful human?" was the greeting that welcomed him as he stepped out. He felt Set growling through his connection and that was no surprise. Pitiful human, this guy called him, the Egyptian Champion, their Great Column, their Pharaoh. Oh yeah, he'd have plenty of support in this fight, he was sure. He almost wanted to thank him. "You've been a thorn on our side one too many times, I have to say."

"Feeling's mutual," he replied flatly, walking out by himself, he felt Meredith and Agnes stop right out the door as he continued walking. He took his opponents in a moment, even though his Senses had told him plenty, especially boosted by Shed. There weren't many spells still standing, since whatever they had done had taken most of them down, but there were enough to help out a little.

'One fallen, three devils,' he counted in a moment. 'Field day for us, huh?' he asked his daggers and both of them hummed happily. They hadn't gotten to play much lately, even when there was a serious fight like with Walburga. Maybe this time they'd get more to do, considering they'd be extra effective against these. Especially Carnwennan, but he was sure Setan Kober would be just as vicious if not as damaging.

That was just a challenge for the demonic kris.

"All these for little old me? I'm flattered," he commented with a grin on his face. They were already underestimating him. If he could anger them on top of that, then they'd go down so fast it wouldn't even be funny. It'd be pitiful, and that's just what he wanted. "One Cadre and three Satan descendants. Khaos Brigade must really want me dead, or you are just that sad of an organization. Probably both, if I have to bet."

"So bold of someone that's been lurking around the edges of our influence," one of the devils said, stepping forward and glaring at him. "Too cowardly to actually do anything of importance and hiding behind his betters when it matters."

"Yet here you are, so I must have been doing something right, huh?" he shot back easily, grinning widely. They weren't going to win an argument, that much he could swear. Because Joshua knew he'd hit them were it hurt. Walburga and Incinerate Anthem weren't a loss that could be brushed aside.

If he was honest, he'd expected retaliation long before then.

"So, are you the only mooks I left Khaos with or what?" he asked and that definitely struck a nerve with Kokabiel, if the cackling electricity around him was any indication. "Something the matter, Kokabiel? Actually, that's a bit of a mouthful, can I call you Idiot instead?" he asked and a bolt of lightning was shot his way but he was ready for it.

He didn't even have to move, because the fools had been tricked by the illusion he'd cast as soon as he stepped out through the door.

"Well, I guess we could say you fell for that, huh?" he commented with a chuckle, channeling his inner Domino as he regarded the four of them. Fighting them could be troublesome, he acknowledged, so he was buying himself some time by just talking. Kokabiel, he knew, and he had an idea about what Katerea Leviathan could do.

Creuserey Asmodeus and Shalba Beelzebub though? Those were more of an unknown. The latter had appeared a few times, but he didn't remember anything about him, which could be a good thing or a bad thing. The former though? He'd been deleted out of existence by Sirzechs, which didn't really tell him anything at all. Sirzechs could do that to an entirely too big number of people.

"You were less of a pest when you were almost dying under me," Kokabiel commented, clearly less than pleased with his mockery. Which was kind of the point, really, but he probably knew that. He was a warmonger, so he had to, right?

"Should have finished me off then, buddy," Joshua commented.

"I will do that now. Don't you worry," the fallen angel told him, gathering his energy in his hands and preparing for an attack. An attack that would be dangerous, Joshua knew, but Shed raised his reflexes quite a lot with his Hunt domain. Now, if he could get a little better at…

'Ah, thank you,' he said as his hair lengthened and turned black. That was the only change he himself could notice, but there was more to it than that. For one, his magic, which was already his greatest strength, seemed to double and flow even better than ever. 'I appreciate it, Nephthys. I know you guys don't like to share.'

There was a feeling of amusement from the goddess accompanied by determination. Well, it seemed the Egyptians were coming together to his aid in this instance and boy, did it mean bad things for his enemies then and there. Because Shed and Nephthys, both connections together?

"You don't know how screwed you are," he told the four Khaos Brigade members and he saw all of them shift where they stood, clearly noticing the change. They got into their stances, their magic shifting with them and readying for the fight. Good. They'd need all that they could get. "Did you think I'd just die or something? Did you think you were strong enough? You are nothing."

"I've seen gods die, boy. You don't scare me," Kokabiel said and Joshua laughed.

"The only god you should be worried about is right here, right now," he replied, grinning widely. He felt his connection with the Egyptians sing inside him. "Because I've been waiting to get my hands on you, Kokabiel, and the other three will be nice bonuses. You are all dying here."

[}-o-{]​

[Meredith Ordinton]

"Is he crazy?" she breathed out, looking with wide eyes as her teacher taunted a Cadre fallen angel and the descendants of Satans. She hadn't known they were that before Joshua had said it, but Kokabiel was a well known name and if he got that right, then the other three surely were right too.

"There's a fine line between insanity and genius," Director Agnes said from beside her and Meredith almost jumped. She'd almost forgotten she was there, actually, what with the situation going on in front of her. It had been but a moment but-

She definitely jumped when Kokabiel sent his second attack at Joshua. The first time it had been impressive, scary and a number of other things that made Meredith want to run away. Yet, her teacher had just… laughed at it, at the Cadre. He hadn't been there, sure, but there was something very brave or very insane about the fact that Joshua laughed at that.

Even with as strong as he was, even with as much stronger as he seemed to have gotten with whatever the appearance change brought… Her teacher wasn't as strong as those presences. Maybe he'd match one or two of them, but all four? No way. There was just no way. How was her teacher going to do anything against them? How could he be so calm facing that? And without House of Water's defenses to boot.

To make things worse, the second attack was nothing like the first. She'd like to say that she saw it sail, fly towards her teacher and beyond. However, that would be a lie. All she saw was a flash of light appear, a straight white line that went from Kokabiel all the way to a wall on the House of Water building behind Joshua. Taller than a person and so bright and loud that she almost went blind and dead.

"Professor Davis," she whimpered, looking at the spot where Joshua had stood.

"Eyes on the enemy, girl," Agnes told her curtly and she turned to say some not so kind words to her, but she paused midway to that. Because her eyes found something odd where the enemy group was. There was an odd shape… and when she actually looked, she saw the very person she was sure was dead standing right there, behind one of them.

"Thought it'd be that easy?" her favorite teacher, her mentor, asked from where he was while the devil he'd attacked fell to his knees and then to the ground… Except for the head though, because the devil's head fell much quicker, rolling away slightly. "Please. Tell me there's more to you than this. I want to enjoy this fight."

"You-You piece of shit!" the female devil cursed then, her arms twisting and turning as they changed into an incomprehensible mass of tentacles. "You killed Creuserey!"

"I did," her teacher said, appearing in another place entirely before the tentacles could touch him. "What-" he continued, teleporting somewhere else before a magic attack by the remaining male devil could touch him. "are you gonna-" he kept on, disappearing through another lightning attack. "do about it?" he finished then, appearing beside the other devil male and cutting his extended arm off.

"That's it!" the female cried out triumphantly and sure enough. One of her tentacles managed to wrap itself around Joshua's leg. Her victory lasted all of a second before his arm flashed downwards and he cut through it. "How-? Holy. That's holy!"

"Sure is," Joshua confirmed, teleporting again. "And I'm not even finished getting started. I really thought there'd be more to you than this. But oh well."

Strangely, none of them tried to attack this time and that only made Meredith more nervous.

"You are dead," the female said, but she didn't go on the offensive. Instead, she reached for something inside her clothes and pulled out… a vial? A vial with a black substance inside.

"Is that what I think it is?" Joshua asked, sounding more curious than anything, almost like he would when someone did something interesting in his class. It felt very out of place then and there, when monster other humans would have been fighting for their lives and likely losing spectacularly. Instead, her teacher was just… there, standing in front of these monsters and not at all nervous about it.

What did she think she could do in this fight?

And that was before the devils did what they were apparently doing, which was taking out those vials and… breaking them. Whatever they did, Meredith felt the shift instantly. Suddenly, the already impressive magical presences exploded, like she'd gone from standing next to Levi to standing next to Joshua.

"Now, now you are dead," the female devil said and Joshua…

Joshua laughed.

"You wish, you demented fucks. You think you are the only one with tricks up their sleeve? Bitch, please," her teacher said then. Then there was a moment of silence. "Huh, that's interesting."

"You tried to make a call, didn't you?" Kokabiel said then, unchanged, but no less impressive. "I admit that maybe we underestimated you a little, but we are not stupid. You have allies, allies that are much more troublesome than you. They'll get their dues, some sooner than others. You though… you'll die alone, like the dog you are."

"If you say so, Idiot," Joshua replied casually, uncaring about the rather scary implications there. No help would come. They were on their own. Her teacher had taken out one of them quickly, but that was before they had gotten serious.

Now, they'd powered up, the woman was letting tentacles reach everywhere close to her. The man was apparently controlling some sort of insect swarm flying around him and forming a myriad of circles and Kokabiel was there, with lightning cackling all around him. The fight had barely gotten started and Meredith already found herself helpless. She was…

She was a fool.

What was she going to do, when even Joshua seemed tiny in comparison to-?

Another shift washed over the area and she sighed in relief. Because it was so very comforting, to feel those presences grow stronger. The Machine, the Beast and the Guardian, as the students had agreed to call them. Professor Davis' wards, hexes and boons. They'd been weakened when the first attack came. Meredith noticed and she imagined most of her fellow students had too. Maybe it could have taken them a bit, but it had definitely happened.

Now though, they were right back to normal.

"How-?"

"Who said I need help with the likes of you?" Joshua asked, sounding more amused than anything. "I don't know what you did to take down my spells, but it was connected to that explosion and you didn't take everything down… meaning that was a limited one time thing, wasn't it? Now, what are you going to do, trapped here with me as you are?"

"Kill you," the female devil said, the still growing mass of tentacles moving as it charged towards her teacher.

"Meredith, this one's yours. Shouldn't be too difficult, by the looks of it. She wasn't the brightest even before she did whatever it was she did," Joshua commented, reappearing beside him. "Morag, can you help her out?" he added, smiling as the spider still on Meredith's back clicked her mandibles. "Great, Agnes-"

"I'll curse all of them, they won't be able to lift a finger by the time we both are done with them."

"Are you done?" Kokabiel asked, head tilted as he looked at them. "Because there's only so much I'll just stand here, you know?"

"I don't know, I thought you might be too scared to do much," Joshua commented, bringing a shield up to stop the lightning attack that went towards them. It took Meredith a moment to realize that he'd had to do that because Agnes, Morag and her were there. "We've done this before, Idiot! And I wasn't anywhere near as strong as I am right now!"

"So it seems," the fallen commented, not at all bothered that his attack was stopped. Instead he looked… excited. "Oh, I'm going to enjoy this."

"Meredith, snap out of it or go away," Joshua told her firmly and she felt her back straighten. Right. Her mentor was right. Summoning more swords, she regarded the mass of tentacles that was to be her opponent. Well, the strategy was pretty straightforward there. Joshua had been able to cut one tentacle with his allegedly holy dagger. That meant she could do the same too… but she'd be cautious anyway.

'Always expect the worst. That way you'll be prepared when something happens,' Joshua had taught them.

"Well, I expected more attacks and less chatter, not going to lie," Joshua commented, having teleported away from them once more. "Any reason for this, Idiot or are you just feeling charitable?" he commented in between more teleports because the remaining male devil had started sending magic attacks his way. "That's more what I expected, I have to admit."

"I'm just having fun watching the kids struggle," the fallen commented, gesturing towards the devils. "It's also rather refreshing to see that you are not as weak as I thought you were. It makes it slightly less annoying that you've been so incredibly frustrating for us," the Cadred continued explaining calmly. "And I have fun knowing that you are just as trapped here as we are, as you'd say."

"Any reason in particular? Because I think I've made it clear I can take you."

"If you think so?" the fallen commented casually with a shrug. "Even if you were by some miracle right… that'd still be glorious, because I'll get to see your face when you realize."

"Realize what?"

"Too early to tell, I have to say. Wouldn't want to spoil the surprise, you know?" Kokabiel answered his teacher's confused expression with, chuckling. "No, no, I'll let you figure that out on your own. For now. I think we have a fight to get back to."

"Will you attack already?" the male devil shouted, clearly exasperated. It was then that Meredith took a deep breath in and turned towards the mass of tentacles that continued to try and drag itself towards her teacher. It was still growing larger. If it kept that up, it'd grow big enough to cover the whole place, and that couldn't be good.

So, steeling her nerves, Meredith raised the sword in her hand… and sent the others she'd summoned flying towards that devil. There was a wail leaving the monstrosity immediately, but she just smirked and prepared herself. This was what she'd been training herself for. That was what she'd prepared for.

She knew, after all, deep down, that she was a fighter.

Then everything froze, she froze, the screeching abomination froze, the insect commanding devil froze…

And Kokabiel laughed, right in the face of the cripplingly cold sensation of killing intent washing over them all.

"Did you learn about it already?! I have to say that's earlier than I thought! How did you like the surprise, Joshua Davis!" Kokabiel called, laughing loudly.

"You dare," Meredith's teacher said, his voice low and yet still carrying through the place. "You… You will all die, painfully."

"You decided to target us through our acquaintances," Kokabiel declared, mirth still clear in his voice. "So, we thought… Why wouldn't we do the same to you? And there just happened to be an easy target, one we already had our sights on. So, fight us, Joshua Davis. Fight us while everything in your life is taken from you back in your own home."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I feel… Like I'm really messing this up. Maybe it's been too long since I've written a proper action or something. I'm not at all happy with how this turned out. Alas, it's a little too late for me to try and get it to be better. Hell, I don't even know how I'd go about trying to do that anyway.

So… this is it, I guess. Hopefully I'm not doing as bad a job as I think.

(We've officially caught up with the FFN posting, by the way. So, from now on, it'll be a chapter every Tuesday. Always at the same time, which you'll be able to check from the next update forwards.)

Also hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any guesses about what happened?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 181 others
Adrian King
Aug 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 149 - -Walk into the Fire-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#548
-Walk into the Fire-

"We'll hold them off but-" was as far as Yasaka got through his Communication gift.

He'd worked on the thing for a long time. The little trinkets had come a long way since he'd first made them as a Christmas gift. He'd reworked the engraved circles and replaced almost the entire material composition. He didn't even know what version of the things they were at anymore.

After all, if they were to be his communication means with his family, then he needed them to be perfect. It was all for the sake of a situation like that one. A situation in which they needed to call for help, because they were under attack, that's what he'd worked so hard on them for. That was also the only reason his trinkets had been able to pierce through whatever spells Khaos Brigade had put around them.

Even then, it'd been cut off midway through.

Joshua had gotten all the information he needed though. Khaos wasn't just going after him. They had gone after Yasaka, after Kunou. They were attacking Kyoto, with all that they had. There was Cao Cao, for sure, but there were others involved too. Others that sounded suspiciously like Vali's team, minus Kuroka.

He knew all that now.

And he was furious.

He ignored the screens popping up, telling him that his Bloodlust skill had leveled up. There were several, and all of them were unimportant. All that mattered was Khaos and that they were targeting him, targeting his family. All that mattered was that he was going to kill them for the audacity.

They were all going to die.

The Egyptian pantheon had a lot of deities, he knew, and it became clear at that moment, when he felt many them come closer to him through their connection. He felt all of them and their power flow through him, justice, punishment, revenge, fury, even family and parenthood. The gods and goddesses poured their support through his connection, not quite like the connection he was sharing with Shed and Nephthys as he channeled them, but more similar to how it felt when he used the energy of his spells to fuel himself.

However, this was on an entirely different level.

"Are you afraid, human?" Kokabiel asked, clearly very pleased with himself. He either didn't realize or didn't care for what he was unleashing on himself. Joshua would make sure he understood what he'd done, that much he promised.

"It's you that should be afraid," he replied, feeling himself, his energies, the Egyptian link and his spells around House of Water, now recovered. No spell or array is infallible, he'd taught his students. He knew that very well, what with his defenses having been breached several times in the past.

So, he liked to have a back up when he could.

One of the back ups in House of Water was that there was a way for the spells to be re-cast in case anything happened. A secondary defense room had been set up and "trusted" people taught how to cast them. One such person was Elizabeth, who Agnes had confirmed was on her way to casting the thing once more before. Initially he'd tried to communicate with her about that, but it seemed Khaos had something to prevent communications, not only towards the outside but even inside.

Good thing he'd put some extra oomph on the spell to communicate with those important to him. Even so, the extra power hadn't been enough for a full communication, it seemed. He'd have to work on that.

For the moment, he was in the middle of a fight.

"You are, indeed, much more than you were before," Kokabiel commented, grinning widely.

"Can you stop just chatting and do what we came here to do?!" Shalba demanded, and it was so good to see that they didn't get along. He'd worried initially when he saw them, but it seemed that Khaos wasn't very well organized between branches.

Not surprising, considering each of them had drastically different goals, to say the least.

"You are such a kid. The original Beelzebub must be rolling in his shallow grave," Kokabiel replied, his expression turning disinterested before he shook his head. "But I guess you are right. It was good knowing you, Joshua Davis. Maybe you've achieved enough to come back eventually," the fallen added, his energies shifting to a more active stance, something that showed in the way electricity cackled around him.

The time for chatter was over again, it seemed. Such a shame, but also not unexpected, he supposed. Shalba didn't seem to have noticed, but there was no way Kokabiel wasn't aware that his spells were draining their energy to grow stronger. Thus, he'd have to be a particular kind of stupid to let that happen. Not even Kokabiel was overconfident enough for that, evidently.

That suited him just fine.

As it was, he barely could keep himself focused, he felt. Because he wanted them all dead even more than before. Creuserey had gotten off easy – Because Joshua didn't want an unknown factor to screw him over. – and these three would know it. Not only had they made the wrong life choices, but they had also decided to do the absolutely most stupid thing they possibly could.

So, Joshua pulled on his connection with the gods. Shed and Nephthys were great. One helped him focus and fight while the other pushed his teleportation magic that extra notch that he needed for it to be effective in the fight, especially against someone like Kokabiel. That wasn't enough though, he needed more.

He wanted to crush them.

So, the god of Salvation and the goddess of Protection were joined by another god.

The god of Violence.

'The three of us,' Joshua thought, letting his body transform into sand around Shalba's magic attack. 'The first three, we'll show these idiots,' he continued, reforming and feeling the approval of the three deities. 'But first, I need a small favor… Could you lend me your strength, Thoth?'

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

That was her moment, she realized.

Right when the devil and the fallen engaged Joshua and Ordinton continued to rain holy projectiles on the other devil, if the tentacle abomination could even be called that anymore. Everyone seemed busy and they seemed occupied enough. Agnes rather doubted Joshua had forgotten about her, but everyone else seemed to.

It worked for them, because Agnes worked better as support. She could frontline and fight as well, for sure, but her Curse Magic was a debilitating factor that truly shone when she was helping others, for the most part. People would likely scoff at that. Because what's the point of making other weaker when you could be actually doing damage, right?

Those were the same kind of people that would look at a hexer and say they were just a worse version of a warder.

A fitting comparison, considering who she was going to play support for this time. Although, Agnes was pretty sure there was a difference between showing the strengths of an underappreciated magic and just being an absolute monster with it. If she was the former, then Joshua Davis definitely was the latter.

'I can humor idle thoughts some other time,' she thought to herself, her hand already raised and a circle already shining. It was all Joshua's fault, really. He made it seem like her association's base being attacked by a Cadre and Satan descendants was no big deal. There he was, having almost instantly killed one of the latters, injured another and dropped the last one on his apprentice which wasn't much better at making it seem like a big deal. All of that while he kept the fallen busy. Hell, Ordinton was basically dragging the female devil to standstill, the sea of tentacles being pushed back by waves of holy items.

Still, even with that, Agnes had some pride to protect, she supposed.

So, she started casting, because these people dared attack her precious association, the pride and joy of her family, tainted as it had been for years. It was hers, after all, and she'd be damned if she let these… pests as Joshua had called them, try to mess with it. So, her magic started doing its work. She weakened the tentacle one's defenses, she made the bleeding of the injured male devil worse, she made the focus of the fallen waver.

Curse Magic wasn't flashy, no, but there was a reason why the original Agnes Waterhouse was feared by many.

'They aren't paying attention to me at all,' she mused, a grin slowly growing on her face. After all, there was nothing quite like knowing you were the doom of someone and they were none the wiser. Poor fools. They probably felt the very weak power of her magic and thought it irrelevant, in the grand scheme of things. That was fine. Agnes knew she would be the one to cause their downfall, a defeat by a thousand cuts.

So, she cursed away, throwing any and all spells she could think appropriate for the occasion at them.

All the while, she watched holy projectiles rain on the tentacle beast.

More importantly, she watched, intrigued and impressed, how Joshua Davis fought. She knew about his prowess in defense, after all, but this? This was a side of him that she'd known almost nothing about. And oh was it surprising. It was already frightening enough to witness his absolutely crazy achievements in the arts of Wards, Hexes and Boons.

It was another entirely to know that he could go toe to toe with immensely powerful devils and a fallen angel.

Yet there he was, teleporting to avoid attacks, letting them pass through his sand body – that she assumed had something to do with the Egyptians, by the feel of the energies – and outright stopping any attack that he couldn't somehow avoid. He'd killed one of them before they could do anything, he'd injured another and provoked the devils effortlessly. That was before he even got serious about things, for some reason she couldn't quite piece together but could hazard a guess about, from what she'd heard.

Agnes could do little more than watch and cast magic though, and she thought it was enough.

Because what she could see was… anticlimactic.

If someone had told her that Joshua Davis would be fighting these people, with this much power, before? She'd have thought maybe he could stand a chance if he was prepared. A close fight though, probably, but that'd be all she'd dare bet on.

Instead, there she stood.

Joshua was having no trouble avoiding damage. He wasn't attacking much after those starting hits, but he didn't need to. His magic was doing all the offensive for him, draining their enemies of their strength little by little. All he needed to do was continue buying time and that was exactly what he did. He teleported close to them when they tried to do something about their predicament or when he saw an opening. There were a few cuts on the male devil that proved what could happen if they got careless.

Joshua wasn't letting them do anything. They were trapped there with them, with him. It was like… like watching a cat poking at the water of a fish tank. The fish could swim about and struggle, but ultimately there was nothing they could do to fight back or get away.

She knew the man was a monster, she knew that.

And yet, every single time, he found ways to make her even more terrified of him. There was nothing else Agnes could possibly think of what was going on in front of her. Especially when one of the cuts Joshua delivered proved one too many and the remaining male devil fell to the ground. That's when the fight was cut off and she could see it, the way both Joshua and Kokabiel stood in front of each other, looking at each other and taking in the battlefield.

"To think I almost killed you not long ago," she heard the latter say, somehow not sounding bitter or angry. Instead he sounded… darkly amused. "And now here I am, barely stopping you from leaving."

"It's really annoying, I have to say," Joshua replied with a smile and a tone that were anything but friendly. "You could leave and survive, but you chose to get in my way."

"Haha, yeah, I guess so… but I can't, right? You can't leave and neither can I. It's my loss. We really didn't know enough about you, did we?"

"To be fair, nobody knows what I can do," Joshua replied, starting to move towards his opponent. "Now, kindly just die. I have places to be."

"No, I don't think I will," Kokabiel said, his expression and voice turning to the same kind Joshua was using. "Even back in the wars, I was merely an annoyance to the true powers in them," the fallen continued and Agnes tensed up as more lightning poured out of him towards Joshua. Only, the man continued walking towards the Cadre, unconcerned and unstopped, merely bringing up a shield to cover his advance. "All I could do was hinder them for the truly strong to take care of. And here I am, doing the same. Maybe this is the time when I die, but I'll do it knowing that I won anyway."

"You think you'll win here? But you won't," Joshua replied, sounding amused. "You're attacking Kyoto, Yasaka and my daughter."

"True Longinus, the Vanishing Dragon, the Monkey King, Pendragon's descendants. Do you think the nine-tailed fox can stop them all?" Kokabiel told him but Joshua didn't react to his words, even though that was… concerning. The upper echelon of a pantheon might survive that, but Yasaka? She was a Leader, for sure, but she wasn't the leader. She led half a faction and she worked under the Shinto pantheon. She led half of the Shinto version of the Church. She was impressive for such a position, maybe one of the – if not the – best, but still…

"They'll be fine," Joshua said with utmost certainty and Agnes wished she could have that confidence. She shuddered at the thought of facing those opponents. If those had come with Kokabiel and the devils… Then they'd have stood no chance. Had they really underestimated them that much, or had they prioritized the attack on the Youkai?

That latter option couldn't be the case, right? No way they had managed to fool Kokabiel for that. Right? Something was going on. Agnes couldn't let her guard down. They had to be missing something.

"You sound very sure," the fallen commented and it filled Agnes with a sense of finality. The chatter was coming to an end once more and she lamented that fact. Joshua and her benefited quite a lot from their opponents wasting time, after all. It was why, despite how nerve wracking it was, she very much appreciated Joshua's shittalking skills at that very moment.

Maybe there was something to that silly show he was part of with Leviathan.

"I am sure," Joshua said and there was a shift in his voice. Agnes hadn't even noticed, but the changes to his body, the dark circles around his eyes, the long oily black hair, the line patterns on his skin, the fans and the animal eyes… all of those had receded a little through the talking. Now, they were back just as strongly as they had been before. "Just as sure as I am that I can kill you."

"Let's see about that!" the fallen exclaimed.

Then something changed on the battlefield, again. There was a crackle of lightning around Kokabiel, which wasn't precisely something new, really. However, this time, that wasn't followed by an attack. Instead, it was followed by a massive shift in his presence. Where he'd been intimidating, like a storm looming up above, Agnes now felt like she was in the eye of a hurricane.

There was energy everywhere, swirling and circling. The oppressing presence was obvious and overwhelming. Agnes saw Ordinton falter and she couldn't fault the girl. It was a good thing that between her holy element and the curses Agnes had thrown at the female devil, they had more or less taken her out. Not quite fully, since she was still struggling and trying to recover, as opposed to the already done male devil.

Before she knew it, the view from her spot had changed very suddenly…

And it made her face pale.

Right in front of her stood Joshua, his arm extended forward and a shield spell was centered at his palm. Beyond that, there was only a sea of light. No, not light. A sea of lightning was what she could see past the man and his defense. The thunder boomed in her ears and the force made her body shake, even though most of it was stopped by Joshua. Or, maybe, there was no force at all and it was just the fear creeping inside her.

Because how was she supposed not to be afraid when she could feel all that power, practically electrocuting her through her magic sense alone. She'd felt massively powerful presences before, for sure. Nephthys came to mind almost immediately, but there were other deities she'd come across through her years as Director. They might not have been many but they'd been there.

Usually, it was like they were a sun, massive, incomprehensible forces of nature that were just beyond her.

At that moment though, she felt like she was standing right on the surface of one such star.

"Not enough yet, Idiot," she heard Joshua say, his voice carrying even through the noise. "You took too long," the man added.

Agnes felt yet another massive change in the atmosphere and she wondered how much of that she could take. This time, it was a subtler thing, however. She felt Joshua's spells reacting, although that might be a stretch of the word. The truth was that they'd been working throughout the whole encounter.

Now though, the presence of his wards, his hexes and his boons seemed to loom over the entire area. The man himself continued holding back the lightning attack, but there was little beyond that Agnes could feel. Everything else was drowned by Kokabiel.

And yet, there stood those array presences that Agnes had gotten used to, the same way one might get used to mines being in their front yard. Because they were harmless, after all. She couldn't trigger them, so they were safe.

Except, that didn't make them any less dangerous.

And oh were they dangerous, because there was no other way to describe them at that very moment. The three combinations of magic, similar yet unique, loomed over the area. They stared down at the lightning sun that was Kokabiel…

And they found him wanting.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"It'll be fine, Kunou," her mother said calmly, sitting in one of their emergency rooms. "Your father cast many defenses around here. Even if he's not here, he's protecting us."

Except, Kunou knew her mother was trying to reassure her. Mainly because she'd stopped referring to Joshua as "her father" and had just gone back to calling him Joshua some time ago. They were also going through the emergency teleport defenses Joshua had left around and fast. She wasn't sure how many there were, but she didn't think there were many left. It made the distant sound of explosions that much more scary.

Khaos Brigade had come back.

"Where is dad?" she asked, trying and failing to put on a brave front. Instead, all she managed was a slight pout as she looked down at her lap and gripped her clothes tightly. "Mom, where is he?"

"He's fighting Khaos Brigade on his side of things," Yasaka replied and Kunou knew that was the truth. She said it calmly, as one would comment on the weather, something casual, something unimportant. She was trying to make her feel like things were alright.

She was also lying.

Maybe her words weren't lies, but her voice lied. She wasn't calm, she knew that. She wasn't unafraid. She wasn't relaxed and confident. Kunou couldn't quite answer how she knew all that, but she did. So, instead of trying to find the answer, she pulled Cheshire into a hug.

They didn't know how or when, but her dad's familiars had found them in one of the emergency teleports that were the closest to Joshua's place in Kyoto. That was a little worrying, but it was also so very reassuring. Because there was no safer place for Kunou to be than with her mother and father, under her dad's spells, in between Nagini's coils, with Cheshire by her side, Margalo singing songs and Morag hanging from the ceiling.

Her father wasn't around and Morag was with him, but other than that…

Everything was fine.

Now, if she could actually feel safe, as she should be.

The fact that they were teleported once more didn't help.

"Well… it seems things are getting out of hand," she heard her mother say before the woman stood up. Kunou looked at her and saw Yasaka taking a deep breath in. That wasn't the important part though. No, the important part was that she could feel the shift in energies around the place.

Her mother was getting ready and that meant one thing…

"Girls," Yasaka said, turning to look in a particular direction. "I trust that you'll keep Kunou safe?" she asked and there was an immediate response from all three of the familiars. Nagini tightened her body around Kunou, Cheshire shifted into her biggest tiger form and Margalo let out a cry that seemed to pull strings within Kunou.

"Mom?"

"Everything will be fine, Kunou. I promise you that," her mother said.

"You are lying again, mom," she mumbled, drawing into herself.

"... So I am… but what I can promise is that you'll be safe, Kunou. Nobody is getting to you. Not while your father and I draw breath," her mother told her. The previously calm and relaxed voice was gone, however, replaced by a solemn tone.

"Mom…"

"You'll be fine, sweetie. I love you," her mother said, moving closer to her and kissing her forehead. "I love you a lot."

"Mom-" she couldn't get further than that, however, because an explosion broke one of the sides of the room. Kunou couldn't see what happened though. Nagini had moved her body to shield her before the whole thing had even finished happening, in a split second. She heard Cheshire growling from close by-

"Even with Leonardo making all sorts of creatures to break his spells, Joshua Davis proves to be an annoyance of the highest order," a voice said and Kunou recognized him without having to see him, the Man with the Spear. "I almost want to commend the guy."

"My partner is very impressive, indeed," she heard her mother say and Kunou couldn't help the proud twitch on her lips. Because yes… Her dad was the best, the best of the best.

"Dad will kill you all," Kunou said and she could almost imagine Joshua telling her that it wasn't nice to say that, or that it wasn't cute. However, dad also liked when she was honest.

And she was telling nothing but the truth.

"We'll see about that. For what he's reduced me to, working with… half-breeds and monsters, I owe your dad a nice spear through his chest. I almost wish I could see how Kokabiel roasts him alive… completely this time," the Man with the Spear said and Nagini twisted her body as she hissed. It was just enough for Kunou to see the many men and the single woman in the Khaos group. She didn't recognize most of them except the Man with the Spear and the Man with the Sword.

"You will not speak of Joshua like that," her mother said in a voice that Kunou couldn't quite place. She'd heard her mother being stern and even angry, but this was a lot… colder. "And you will not speak to my daughter at all."

"Lady, you don't know how outnumbered you are," the Man with the Spear kept talking and Kunou just wanted him to shup up. More importantly, she wanted her dad to be there. "But that's enough chatter, I feel."

"Finally," a man with white and blue metallic wings said, walking towards them.

And then, Kunou's vision was obscured once more. This time though, it wasn't Nagini or Cheshire's bodies. There were four people between her and the bad people. They looked… familiar.

"Sorry to interrupt~" a female voice was the first to say something. "I can't let you attack these two, especially the cute lil' girl. Joshua would be mad, nya~," she commented, cat ears and twin tails twitching.

"Joshua-sensei's girlfriend is truly a sight to behold," a male voice commented, the man facing Yasaka before he shook his head. "But attacking a place with a kid? You truly are the worst," the armored figure added, a red gauntleted hand punching the palm of the other.

"It's gonna be fine, Kunou," the most familiar of all told her, a kind tone and an even softer smile. "Just leave it all to Auntie, alright? I got this," she added, turning and creating a small curtain of blond hair that shone ever so slightly more with the light of her swords.

"You targeted the wrong family," the last of the four said, her voice reminding Kunou of how her mother had spoken just before. "For that, all of you, vermin…" the woman said, her four black-feathered wings spreading and her hands being brought up. "You will all burn," she finished, purple fire appearing on top of her palms.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I think this is the longest I've had action go on for, chapter-wise. Then again, there's a lot of inner monologue going on in between the action pieces. I apologize for that. I know it kind of… takes away from the action. However, Joshua's fighting – among other things – requires me to explain stuff, if I don't want to have things make no sense at all.

I hope that's not too annoying.

Man, I've been wanting to write a scene like that last one for like, forever ago. I don't know if I did justice to how it looked in my head, and it's certainly not the same as it was originally, but it's… I think it turned out alright, at worst.

Am I being too optimistic?

Either way, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Lots of people are involved in this mess. Which are your favorite characters of the bunch?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 225 others
Adrian King
Aug 6, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 150 - -Burn With Me- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#565
-Burn With Me-

[Joshua Davis]

'Things got a little difficult,' he thought, narrowing his eyes as he kept up the barrier stopping Kokabiel's attack. He was getting a deja vu feeling from the last time he'd had to deal directly with the fallen angel, quite honestly. An unrelenting attack zapping at his energy reserves incessantly and with little to do other than hold on. Indeed, quite a familiar situation.

Except that this time, it was going quite differently from back then. For one, his spells were holding up much better. His arrays were feeding him plenty of energy to protect himself while drawing not only from Kokabiel himself but also his attack. His hexes and wards were taking all the energy from both and his boons were making sure to hold everything together while also powering him up.

Not only that, but he was also receiving a fair amount of support from the Egyptians. The rush of energy from the deities that were in quite a bit of agreement with his current actions was, he suspected, enough to keep him up by themselves, nevermind with extra support that he provided for himself.

He didn't have time to sit there and wait for Kokabiel to get tired though.

Thoth had helped him punch through whatever barrier Khaos had set around House of Water to cut off communications once more, but not even with that had he been able to get a hold of Serafall. His best guess was that they either had decided to err on the side of caution with her or she was involved in a third front of the whole mess. Either way, he'd been forced to call on his Plan B.

Not one that he was a fan of, but needs must.

No way he'd leave Yasaka and Kunou to their luck. Defenses around their place were strong, but they'd been broken through once and he hadn't been able to improve them all that much. Even without knowing who was going there, he'd have made sure to go all out either way. He couldn't and wouldn't hold back when trying to protect his family.

He wasn't going to lose a second one.

So, he pulled on all the contacts he had, which is to say Jeanne, Kuroka, Issei and Raynare. He'd have called for more, like Sairaorg, but even Thoth's help had its limits and he'd called for those that were the closest to respond to the call. It couldn't have taken those he was able to call more than a few minutes, and that was because Jeanne and Issei were in school. Kuroka and Raynare likely were ready much faster, even if they had to go through preparations… and maybe have Kuroka help Raynare out with Incinerate Anthem.

Was it dangerous to give the fallen the Longinus gear?...

Joshua didn't think so. Raynare was reaching ridiculous levels of devotion, for one. For another, no way she'd risk getting on his bad side when he was her key to having more wings. No, he was confident he had her character right. If anything, he felt he might be underestimating her desire for strength and her loyalty to him.

All of them together, with Yasaka and his defenses, should be able to, at least, hold out until he got there.

Not to say that he was going to bet everything on that, no. Joshua was already working on how to get there faster. The fight in front of him was in his favor, he knew. Even with Kokabiel going full power and having powered himself up with Ophis' boost, Joshua still had the upper hand. The power of his constant training, his system, the Egyptian pantheon and his preparation wasn't going to be defeated just like that.

He lived working to be ready for situations such as that, because he knew they were all around the corner. No way he would lose so easily with everything that was on the line. 'Now, how do I cut you down?' he wondered, his thoughts a little affected by the many presences "around" him. Not only were the deities mixing up with him, but Setan Kober and Carnwennan were thoroughly enjoying themselves too.

The daggers most of all seemed to be the ones tugging at his mind. They were very excited, considering they'd seen a lot more action than they usually did. Good for them, but the pull on his mind wasn't appreciated at all. Fortunately, it wasn't bad enough to be more than a mildly annoying mental itch, but still.

Either way, that wasn't the moment to focus on them.

Joshua needed to deal with Kokabiel faster.

Apparently, it was the fallen that got tired of their stalemate first, however. The Cadre added another target to his massive lightning attack, without even letting up the one that all but bound Joshua where he was, in front of Agnes. The second attack was directed at Meredith and Morag, unsurprisingly.

He was kind of expecting that though, so Joshua pulled on all his blessings and skills. Shed improved his reflexes, allowing him to react on time. Nephthys improved his casting, so that he could cast fast enough. And Set, Set gave him that extra push, wishing to see Kokabiel dead already just as much as Joshua himself did.

The shield was up just in time. Joshua was mildly surprised that Kokabiel just went ahead even though Katerea was there, like she wasn't his ally. However, it wasn't like he was shocked by any means. It was unexpected, but not outside of the realm of what he'd have thought the fallen might do.

'Annoying,' he thought, expanding the shield he'd cast to cover the devil too. Not because of any sort of sympathy or pity, but because he wanted test subjects. That woman had Ophis' boost in her. Creseurey probably held an unused one, considering how fast he'd killed him. Shalba probably wouldn't survive long enough for Joshua to help him… And Kokabiel's continued state of living wasn't guaranteed, really.

So, he wanted someone with the boost in themselves so that he could run some tests. He rather doubted he could pull off another Raynare, but Serafall was bound to like it if he handed her the original Leviathan's descendant. It'd probably help in some political move that he couldn't care to think through at that very moment.

Besides, the more he blocked, the more Kokabiel wasted energy.

With two attacks barrelling forward, the fallen was getting tired twice as fast, expectedly. Joshua still could keep up, for sure. At least, longer than Kokabiel could, if his readings on the energies were correct. However, he didn't want to just wait it out. He needed to go to Kyoto to check on Yasaka and Kunou. 'How do I do that…?' he wondered, frown in place.

Then an idea appeared in his mind and a grin did so on his face.

He felt Carnwennan sing through their odd connection.

'Carn first and then you, Kober,' he thought and both the knightly and the berserker presences of his daggers calmed down… sort of. They were both very eager for what was to come, after all. So, Joshua pulled on Shed's connection the smallest bit more.

He felt his body strain in the oddest way possible as he did that.

'Is this what Raynare felt when I gave her the extra wings?' he wondered, because he felt like his self was straining. Not his muscles, nor his bones, nor his nerves or even his mind. There was something in him that Joshua felt like was being pushed a little too much. It was odd and wrong, but he pushed the smallest bit. He didn't need much, just a little…

He needed to reach it, the point where he could keep the shields and also do what he planned to do. It was bound to help a lot. 'Come on,' he urged himself, grabbing both Carnwennan and Setan Kober and preparing himself. His senses sharpened as his connection made him even more of a hunter and then his hands adjusted as he prepared to hunt.

'Look,' he thought, doing just that, not with his eyes but with his other senses. He checked Magic Sense, Life Sense and all his spells. 'There.' It didn't take long to locate Kokabiel in between all the storm of energy that was going on. The fallen was growing more unstable though and that was concerning. Before Joshua could go through with his plan, he had to set up a dome of shields around Kokabiel.

Else, he'd likely have obliterated the entirety of House of Water's base.

That was a little more taxing energy wise and this time things got a little out of hand. After all, Kokabiel just needed to explode outwards in lightning, there was no finesse or control needed, which meant that while he used more energy to cover more ground, he was spending less in terms of proportion.

Joshua, for his part, was the opposite. He needed to conjure shields all over the place to cover all angles, and that required a measure of control that made it more expensive. Suddenly, the long run wasn't so certain. Which made the fact that he had a plan very reassuring.

Zeroing in on Kokabiel, he pulled his arm back.

And then he threw Carnwennan right at the fallen.

The Holy Dagger was at its best when going for unexpected attacks. The blade always found a way to sneak through defenses, go unnoticed and overall stab where it was a surprise. Very sneaky for a weapon that seemed so… noble and dutiful. Alas, that was what Carnwennan was, like a knightly assassin, as it were, sneaking through the night.

Carnwennan did just that at that very moment, flying true by its own path and the power of Joshua's skill, his system, Shed's Hunter domain and even a little of Set's Violence. All of those factors combined together to make the dagger find its target through the storm, embedding itself somewhere in Kokabiel's lower torso. Didn't seem to do much to stop the fallen, by the looks of things, but that was fine. It was a first step and slowly debilitating enemies was Joshua's specialty.

Setan Kober almost rebelled against him in the split second that it took Joshua to go for a second attack, but he needed to make sure the attack was good. Otherwise, he was getting rid of his biggest weapons for no good reason. He needed to make both attacks worth it. He had some of Jeanne's daggers on him, but he knew those wouldn't survive Kokabiel's onslaught once they got past his shields. No, Carnwennan and Setan Kober were the only ones that could manage that.

Still, if he waited too long, Kokabiel would be able to manage taking off the dagger from his body and that was also a no-no. Joshua had no doubt that his Holy weapon would make the fallen work for it in its own way. Even in spars they could cling stubbornly to their victims, eroding away at their energies if whoever had been hit was weak to them.

Kokabiel was ridiculously strong at that very moment though, so Joshua wasn't betting on his weapons holding on for long.

It didn't need to though, because the demonic kris flew not long after the holy dagger. Joshua could feel Setan Kober's hunger even after he'd thrown it and while the weapon moved through the lightning. He couldn't follow it much more than that by himself, but his senses and spells filled in the rest. He knew the exact moment when his weapon stabbed Kokabiel.

He also could pick up the damage his two weapons were doing and it showed in the fallen's unrelenting attack. Lightning kept exploding outwards but it was contained and it kept being like that. The effect of the attacks showed on the energies though, Kokabiel's was going down as both daggers ate away at his life and blood.

'Checkmate.'

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

"Take Incinerate Anthem and protect my family."

Short and simple, those were her orders.

Granted, none of that was anywhere near simple.

Being given a Longinus was no simple matter at all. Raynare was still getting used to the fiery presence in her soul, the way it wanted to consume everything at the same time that it wanted to warm those suffering from the cold. She wondered if that feeling would ever not feel absolutely foreign in a similar yet completely different way to how Davis had changed her very self into something different to give her more wings.

Protecting the man's family wasn't going to be simple either, she knew. Even finding them had been a bit of a struggle, or it would have been if not for Davis' sister. Then there was the fact that there were two Longinus on the other side that they had to fight off, hero descendants and overall very important people. Then again, Raynare had a faction leader and another Longinus by her side so…

Either way, none of that mattered.

Why? Because Davis had given her the orders. Thus, Raynare would see them through if it was the last thing she did. There was no way she was failing without dying in the process. That was the part that was simple, really.

Because Raynare might have gotten a new pair of wings and all that implied. She might even have been given a Longinus, which was about as big a deal as anything could be… But she knew, deep down, that she wouldn't be satisfied with that. Her eyes had been opened to possibilities and now… Now there was no way she could ignore them.

She'd never be able to stray away from Joshua Davis, because he was the only man in existence that could give her what she wanted. Infinite potential, infinite strength, freedom. So, her resolution would hold firm just as infinitely. Her freedom might be a little limited, but what was so bad about being under someone when everyone else was under her anyway?

So… Raynare would follow her orders.

She would follow Davis.

For the sake of her freedom from everyone and everything else.

"Protect my family."

Oh, was she going to protect them.

Incinerate Anthem poured purple flames out of her, almost with a will of its own. Although, knowing what little she did about it, that sounded about right. She'd need every bit of power she had, however, her four wings, Incinerate Anthem and Yasaka of Kyoto herself on her side.

Because in front of her stood Cao Cao's descendant, wielding none other than the True Longinus itself.

With Balance Breaker.

'And he's fucking annoying,' she thought to herself. True Longinus was already the stuff of nightmares for everyone, considering its attack power, being able to pierce through literally anything and doing devastating damage. Raynare's opponent, however, was beyond even that, having reached Balance Breaker.

She'd already forgotten the name of it, some kind of sub-species Balance Breaker, but what she did know was that all seven of the orbs around the bastard did different things. One made things float, another redirected attacks, another teleported things and so on. There was not a single one though – so far, that is – that was more annoying than the one that took away her power and Yasaka's. Fortunately, it didn't last long, but the man could essentially take them out of the fight if he wanted to.

And that was absolute bullshit.

Furthermore, Raynare had just gotten Incinerate Anthem and this guy came and canceled her own Longinus with his own. She wanted to burn him to a crisp just because of that. She could also feel, somehow, the displeasure of her own newly obtained gear. It burned brighter whenever the effect ran out, for one, but she could also feel the way the energies of it shifted when she used it. A complete contrast to how it had felt when she'd first taken it back at Davis' place. From a warm eager puppy to a blazing furious beast, that was the best comparison she could give.

Good thing that most of the other orb powers she'd seen weren't more than an annoyance. Cao Cao didn't hold a candle in front of Davis and his familiars when it came to be tricky to fight though. Raynare was happy with her performance so far, when she wasn't being denied her new Sacred Gear.

'Fuck!' she cursed in her mind as the thrice be damned orb took away her flames once more.

Except… it was different this time.

Raynare paused, feeling a shift in her that confused her greatly. Before, she'd felt herself grow weaker as the thing touched her. This time though, she felt the same as usual… The same she'd been… before Incinerate Anthem. A twitch of her energies told her that her lightning was still with her, even if the flames weren't.

She didn't understand, but she didn't need to.

She'd been training up to that point without the Sacred Gear and she was proud of the strength she held at the moment. So what if she didn't have a Longinus? She extended her hand towards the accursed descendant and unleashed her lighting on him.

"What?!" she heard him exclaim and the surprise in his voice was music to her ears. Sure, maybe the fight would still be a struggle. Maybe she still felt a sliver of fear in her heart at not being full power against such an opponent...

Yet, somehow, Raynare could only find herself excited. Because this was what it was all about. All that grueling training and having her body, mind and soul reshapen, it had all been for the sake of moments like that. So that she could look crazy situations and people like that in the face…

And stand her ground.

This was her freedom.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

Arthur and Le Fay Pendragon – as they had introduced themselves before – were more than a little annoying.

Fighting them, Jeanne was finding out, was just like fighting Joshua, but if he were two people. The physical fighter on one side and the tricky magician on the other, something that made it entirely too bothersome to face them. Good thing Nagini and Margalo were on her side, or Jeanne was sure she'd have lost already.

Something that she couldn't afford to let happen.

One of her swords blocked Arthur's own blade and she grimaced as she heard her weapon crack. Blade Blacksmith's creations were too weak in the face of Excalibur Ruler and Caliburn. Even her best combat sword, Relentless Justice, didn't seem to stand even a semblance of a chance. Jeanne was finding that entirely too annoying.

Holy Swords were her thing.

"Pendragons," the voices whispered to her, annoyance clear in their voices. "Powerful, unfair, their blood holds power and it shows," they warned her. "Rare, for them to be on the side of the unjust, but not unheard of. Fight your best."

'I already know that,' Jeanne thought with a frown. It wasn't like she was holding back. She was giving it her all, making swords that would counter Le Fay's magic and doing her best to keep Arthur away. Thank God for Margalo's enhancement songs, because otherwise she was sure she'd have lost already. Well, that and Nagini keeping the magician entertained often with her relentless assault, her massive body and her energy disturbing gaze.

'I need to do more,' Jeanne thought to herself.

Kunou was behind her, and these people were after Yasaka. Her niece and her sister-in-law – if not officially in either case – were in danger. The sweet girl that looked up to her and the woman that made her brother happy. Two members of her quickly growing family, her true family that she'd finally gotten after so long without.

"Auntie Jeanne!" she remembered Kunou calling to her more than once, adorable and excited as always. A stark contrast to the panicked cries she'd hear from time to time coming from behind her.

"Then do more," the voices told her, as if it were that easy.

However, Jeanne couldn't falter now, she couldn't allow herself to. She needed to put more effort into it, which is exactly what she did. She pushed more power into her swords, more emotion and they came out stronger. Joshua and her had worked so much on them ever since she'd unlocked the Sacred Gear, and she wasn't about to be found lacking when it counted.

Neither of them knew why she couldn't reach Balance Breaker yet, especially after Hyoudou had done so with but a simple nudge of Joshua's spells.

"Sacred Gears are about emotion more than anything else, maybe we are doing something wrong," Joshua had said at the time, but Jeanne knew he meant she was doing something wrong. She didn't want things hard enough, or maybe she wasn't feeling the right emotions, for whatever reason. She didn't know what it was, but it was her fault.

And because of her own mistakes, she was weak.

Because of her own failures, she wasn't strong enough.

"Then do it right," the voices told her, as if it were that simple.

Jeanne gritted her teeth as she blocked another slash, only for her sword to crumble yet again. She was getting nowhere. Hell, she was fighting a losing battle. Nagini and Margalo couldn't make up for her failings. She was the weak link and the Pendragons were noticing, if the way they focused more on her was anything to go by.

She was too weak.

She was useless.

She'd be alone again.

"Sure," Joshua had told her, all the way back at the beginning of things. "You can come."

That had been that. It had been that easy and simple for Jeanne to get all that she'd ever dreamed of. She'd gotten acceptance, a family and a life. She had everything now, after so long. She wasn't going to let things slip through her fingers. She wasn't going to go back to having nothing.

"Do something about it," the voices said and she cried out when Caliburn cut through her sword and nicked her arm. "You are us and we are you. You are more than this. We are more than this. Stand tall and strong, Jeanne Davis. This isn't you nor us."

She knew that. The voices were just saying things she knew, but they were, like usual, not giving her answers. She needed strength, not useless words. She needed power, so that she could do what she needed to do.

"You and us, Jeanne Davis," the voices told her, more firmly, more loudly. She felt the words shake her bones. "All of us, we can do much."

Well, as the fight went on and she kept being pushed around, Jeanne wasn't feeling like she could do anything, let alone much. She was losing and there was nothing she could do. No matter how much she pushed herself, how much she urged herself. She fell short.

Nothing she did was working.

"Jeanne," Joshua's voice said in her mind and she blocked one of Arthur's swords with two of hers, barely standing her ground for a second before the second blade came at her. Her brother needed her, now more than ever. He was in trouble himself, but he could take care of himself. He needed her there, to protect his family, her family.

She couldn't just fail.

She…

Couldn't…

Just…

Fail…

…

Jeanne wouldn't fail.

"We are Jeanne d'Ay de Domrémy," the voices declared, almost like a chant.

So, she reached for her energies, just like she'd practiced with her brother. She thought about what it would be like, if she were to actually fail. She imagined what it could mean for Yasaka and Kunou. She imagined what that could do to Joshua. She imagined herself in that future, where she'd lost.

And she refused to let that happen.

"I am Jeanne Davis," she declared and the voices didn't reply, but she could feel them responding all the same. Her statement seemed to give pause to both Pendragons and even Nagini and Margalo. It took Jeanne a second to realize that it was not because of what she said, but because of the power rolling off of her and the light shining from her body.

"And we are," the voices said and this time she followed immediately after.

"And I am…"

Then, the voices and her, they spoke at the same time, the same words and with the same sentiment, for the first time in her life.

"La Pucelle."

Those two simple words, her name, her self, were punctuated by swords piercing through the floor behind her. In less than a second, those blades were joined by many more, pushing upwards in a particular shape. By the time a full second had gone by, Jeanne felt it, looming behind her.

The swords had formed an armor entity the size of a house, a proportionally gigantic sword in its… in her hands.

She had finally achieved Balance Breaker, Jeanne knew without having to check with anyone. She had the strength, her strength, hers and the voices'. Khaos Brigade would regret everything as they faced it, her…

La Pucelle.

The Maiden.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well well well… I'm actually quite happy with this chapter. I still think I'm not getting the action parts quite right, which should be worrying considering this is an action arc, but everything else? Everything else I'm happy with, so I'll take the silver lining, guys, thank you very much.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: I think I've asked this before, but I'll do so again. Do you exercise? Just today I started doing some exercises at home. Hopefully I'll be able to stick with them because I'm definitely not eating healthy, so I should at least have something to counter that.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 245 others
Adrian King
Aug 13, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
102 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Prev  
1
…
4
5
6
7
8
9
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 151 - -Alright, I’m Waiting on an Answer
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#580
-Alright, I'm Waiting on an Answer

[Issei Hyoudou]

He coughed as a fist hit him right in the gut.

And that was not the worst of it.

[Divide, Divide, Divide,] the white guy's armor exclaimed, just like his would Boost. What the opposite of his power was and felt like hadn't been in his list of things to find out, but it had happened all the same. Issei could very firmly say that he wasn't a fan.

[Boost, Boost, Boost,] his own red armor announced and he relaxed the smallest bit as he felt the lost strength come back to him. The fight was turning out to be very annoying, with the ups and downs. It was also frustrating, because the white bastard was much better than him, he'd reluctantly admit.

"Joshua needs help!" Jeanne had told him and that had been all Issei needed to hear to rush with her. He'd gotten the rest of the story while they got to the place, but most of it had flown over his head. All he knew was that the guy that had quickly become his best friend – although that title didn't quite fit right in his head – needed help, because some bastard had decided that attacking a child was a good idea.

He hadn't personally met Kunou, but he'd heard some whispering here and there, especially from Joshua and some of their clients at the cafe.

"She's the cutest," he remembered hearing entirely too many times, from a beaming Joshua. He'd seen plenty of photos and now he'd seen her in person too. The guy had reason to be that proud… Although, Issei would have personally included the mother, because hot damn.

[Focus, Partner,] Ddraig told him, almost sighing.

Issei was focusing though. If anything, he was just getting his heart pumping… If he were suicidal, that is, which he wasn't. Yasaka was pretty fucking hot, but she was Joshua's girlfriend, and Issei knew first hand that the guy could kick his ass in more ways than he could count. It was a motivating thought though, to remember who he was protecting, who he was fighting for.

Because Joshua truly had changed his life in a number of ways.

He wasn't a pariah anymore. He had friends that were good for him, he had a girlfriend that was about as crazy and perverted as he was and he had a job where people respected and appreciated him. All that had come to be when Joshua had set him straight and taken him under his wing. He'd become as strong as he was because of him too, so it was only right to use that strength to pay him back some.

[Your host is weak, Ddraig,] the white armor said then and Issei gritted his teeth as he tried to dodge or at least block the blows from his opponent. [I guess this generation is my win.]

Issei would admit that the words annoyed him, but he'd always been that guy. His parents didn't expect much from him. His classmates had never expected much from him. Hell, even Issei himself hadn't expected much from himself, really.

Yet…

"Everyone deserves a chance, Hyoudou," Joshua had told him when he'd been trying his best and things were still not getting better. "It's up to you what you do with it."

When nobody thought much of him, Joshua had given him a chance and he'd latched to it like a lifeline. Now, after all that time, Issei could safely say that he was glad he had. 'I'll make that chance count, Joshua,' he thought to himself, getting a punch in through the barrage that the white bastard was throwing at him.

He was fighting a losing battle and he knew it. He'd been on the receiving end of enough beatings that he could see it coming a mile away already. He didn't need to win though, and everyone had said the same thing before they got teleported there. It had been a little hard to pay attention when everyone around seemed to be hot women, but still.

Joshua would be coming any second, so they just needed to hold on until he got there.

Still, Issei would be quite happy if he could get some solid hits in. It was always nice when he lost but at least could do something. Didn't happen too often, but it was so very sweet when it did. He didn't speak, but he could feel Ddraig's determination together with his.

His partner was rather frustrated with the fight, but he guessed that made sense. They were losing a fight against his rival of a long ass time, so that was understandable. So, that gave them some extra motivation, he supposed. The dragon had been pretty patient with his weak ass and plenty encouraging and supporting… in his own way, at least.

'There has to be a way to turn this around, or at least even things a little,' Issei thought to himself. Unfortunately, thinking was more Joshua's thing than his. There had to be something though. He refused to believe that it was all hopeless. If he hadn't been hopeless, then neither was this.

The answer came to him rather literally, as it turned out.

Just when he was about to take yet another punch, Issei was saved by a bolt of lightning hitting the white bastard straight in the chest. It was a very familiar one at that and Issei, for a split second, felt some sympathy for the poor guy. He'd been on the receiving end of quite a few of those. At the end of the day though…

'Ha, fuck you!' Issei thought, grinning widely. Served him right for trying to attack a house with a child in. 'And thank the gods for you, Cheshire.'

[Relying on others, Ddraig. You were always a coward,] the white armor said as the tiger walked next to Issei like the proudful beast she was.

[Power is power, Albion. You shouldn't have been so confident,] Ddraig replied and Issei could hear the matching grin the dragon was sporting wherever he was inside the gear. [Boost, Transfer.]

At that, Cheshire let out the most threatening purr Issei had ever heard.

Once more, he almost felt bad for the white bastard.

Almost.

[}-o-{]​

[Kuroka]

The new Monkey King.

Of course she was saddled with a losing match up. Why would she be surprised about that? Then again, she didn't think she stood a chance against any of the opponents around. Maybe against a single one of the Pendragons, but oh well… It was a complicated battle for everyone, she supposed.

It was a good thing that Joshua had pushed her like she'd never pushed herself before with his training. Furthermore, her accursed Evil Piece was proving useful, even if she'd forever hate it with a burning passion. Both things were more or less the only reasons she hadn't gotten her ass immediately handed to her. No way she'd have stood a chance against the Monkey King.

She had a slight edge in Youjutsu and Senjutsu, but Bikou had a lot more combat prowess than her. Kuroka knew all that from way back when she was still part of Khaos Brigade with Vali. 'How the tables have turned,' she thought to herself. Sure, she knew they weren't all bad, but…

She had to wonder about that now, because there were lines she'd have been wary about crossing and attacking Yasaka with her daughter right there? It reminded Kuroka of entirely too unhappy things. So, her previous allegiances weren't interfering much with her duty of helping Joshua's side.

Still, again, Bikou was much stronger than her.

Fortunately for Kuroka, she didn't need to beat him, really. She just needed to buy time and she could do that. Having the edge over her opponent in Senjutsu and Youjutsu was all that she needed. Maybe she couldn't take him out, but she could be the biggest annoyance in the world.

And she'd do that happily.

That's how Kuroka found herself casting illusions, setting traps and generally making a nuisance of herself. She'd had plenty of practice against stronger opponents than her. It hadn't been a pleasant experience, but it had certainly been a learning one. It was all proven by the fact that Bikou was not having a good time, at all.

That meant she was doing a good job and Kuroka was very pleased. Not to sound selfish, but she hoped that doing a good job would help her with Joshua. Not in seducing him… she didn't think she stood a chance there anymore, sadly. However, if she could ingratiate herself with the man, that was an approach to making Shirone like her more.

Then again, it could also be considered repayment for all that Joshua had already done for her. Sure, saying "for her" might be a bit of a stretch, since it had been more for Shirone's sake than anything. However, the fact stood that it had been the best thing anyone had ever done for her all the same. Kuroka was reluctant not to count it, despite everything.

'So sorry, everyone, but I'm on the other side now,' she thought to herself, taking advantage of the extra second she managed to buy herself and targeting Arthur. The man had his hands full ever since little Jeanne decided that she wanted to be a badass too, but if Kuroka could tilt the scales a little extra, maybe Jeanne could pull a win. If she did, then she'd be able to help the other sides – hopefully hers – and maybe Joshua wouldn't even need to get involved.

There was also the fact that Margalo flew overhead some, since she was the closest to their fight. Kuroka very much appreciated being on the receiving end of the bird's enhancement songs every so often. It made everything easier and gave her frying nerves a break. Something that she sorely needed.

Because sure, she might have things under control with Bikou, but it didn't mean she wasn't extremely on edge. Any mistake could have her smacked and the battle turned on its head. She couldn't afford to mess up, so having a little extra power on her side certainly didn't hurt. 'Now what to do here?' she wondered as she had so far.

So the dance continued and she could tell that Bikou was quickly growing tired of it. She made sure to be extra annoying though, by cutting off any chance he might see to join one of the other fights. Because she knew that things could get messy if the division they'd pulled off was broken. Sure, maybe it'd work in their favor – since Raynare, Jeanne, the familiars and Kuroka herself knew each other fairly well –, but it could just as easily work against them.

It was better to keep things as they were. Someone would come to help them, be it Joshua or Leviathan or someone else. She rather doubted Khaos had anyone to spare for these guys though, since nobody had shown up before then. If worse came to worst, Kuroka could push a little extra hard… but she'd rather not.

That'd be… unpleasant.

Between Yasaka and her though, they could deal with any less than beneficial surprise Khaos might have in store for them.

Then it happened.

In a single moment, the whole battlefield stopped in place.

No, that wasn't quite right. It was more accurate to say that something shook them all where they stood. Because the full weight of a new entity seemed to slam over all of them. The killing intent washed over them and the presence of something beyond them all seemed to stare at them, at her, through their senses.

A god had decided to step between them, mere mortals.

Then she grinned, because something else happened. Not even a handful of seconds after that new arrival made its appearance, a new sensation spread all around. One very familiar for her and one that had once terrified her. Now though, the walls felt like a shield instead of a steel trap, the beasts felt like guardians instead of hunters and the knight felt protective instead of threatening.

'Took your sweet time, Joshua.'

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

She smiled to herself where she sat, hiding in a corner and trying not to get in the way.

Cheshire had stayed by her side when the fight started, but she'd left after pushing her there and Kunou didn't dare move from where she was. What if she got her mom hurt? Or Auntie Jeanne? Or Joshua's familiars? Or the others? She couldn't do that, she just… couldn't.

So, she was good and stayed where she was told…

Even if it had been really scary.

Now though, feeling her father's magic wash over her, it was like the man had draped a warm blanket around her. It felt like when she had a nightmare and he wrapped his arms around her to reassure her. Kunou could almost hear his whispers in her ear, telling her that it would all be ok. So, she relaxed and smiled.

Her dad was there.

"Kunou," she heard and it sounded from far away but she heard it as clear as if he had spoken from right in front of her. "Kunou, are you alright?"

"I'm fine!" she called, peeking out from where she'd been hiding. She would have been more wary if it weren't from the spells and the strengthened feeling of Joshua's familiars, her sisters. "Dad!"

"I see you," he said, and it was only then that she saw him for the first time. He looked scary, with animal eyes and fangs, dark lines drawn around his eyes and painting patterns all over his skin. The dark long hair got to her a lot more too, because it reminded her of a time before he dyed his hair blonde.

But it was still undeniably her dad.

"It'll all be okay now."

"I was scared, dad," she mumbled, losing the battle she'd fought through the whole thing and sniffing as tears escaped her eyes. Because she'd been so scared.

"I know, but it'll be okay now," he repeated reassuringly. "Because I am here," he said and Kunou wondered if he even knew how right those words were at that very moment. "Yasaka, can you take care of Kunou please? Everyone else step back," he added and his expression, already quite scary if soft due to whatever changes he had undergone because of the Egyptian gods, shifted into something much more… mean.

"You are all so dead," the woman from before – the fallen with four wings – said, appearing in front of her almost as fast as her mother did by her side. "And I'm gonna have fun watching."

And Kunou kind of wanted to see that too, because they had been meanies.

So seeing them get what was coming to them would be neat.

"Can I see?" Her mother gave her an exasperated look at that, but she just looked at her pleadingly. Unfortunately for her mom and fortunately for her, things didn't stop just because they were talking. There was a shift in the atmosphere once more, with it growing colder and her dad's spells starting to work, focusing more intently on the trespassers.

"You have no idea how angry I am right now," Joshua said and he did sound, indeed, absolutely furious. It was more than that though. Not even the bloodlust that even Kunou could pick up on compared to the presence her father held at that very moment. Maybe it was because she wasn't as good at sensing, but Kunou thought that he felt…

Like the strongest one around, then and there.

"Everyone," one of the meanies said, Monkey Man, by the looks of it. "I think we might need to… pull a tactical retreat," he said nervously, shifting into a fighting stance. Even Kunou could see the uncertainty there.

"Cute," Joshua commented coldly. "The only way you are leaving here is dead," he sentenced, his body changing yet again as golden feathers seemed to sprout between his now black locks of hair. "I'm not letting any of you bastards get away."

"Alone?" the Man with the Spear asked, but even though he tried to sound confident, he still failed. "Quite overconfident, aren't you?"

"The only one overconfident here is you, fake hero," Joshua told the man, starting to move. He didn't rush though. Instead, he seemed to just start walking towards the group of meanies. For some reason, this seemed to make them even more nervous… Kunou didn't quite get it, but she thought it was awesome all the same.

Her dad was just the coolest, she supposed.

"What did you just-?!" the Man with the Spear started asking, answering differently to Joshua's approach and seemingly getting angry. He stepped forward to meet her dad's stride, weapon pointing threateningly towards her father.

Before he could finish talking though, Joshua teleported and a cloud of sand appeared right between the group. One of his special daggers, the ones he'd never let her play with, for some reason, was thrusted towards the White Armored One, sticking right between the plates and-

"Mom!" she cried out when a hand covered her eyes.

"Let's get out of here, Kunou. Your dad's got this," her mother told her exasperatedly, but Kunou heard a hint of nervousness there too. Why was she nervous? Her dad got this, as she said. Even if he didn't, everyone was still around. Surely they could kick the meanies' asses if they all fought… together…

Except, Kunou chanced a look towards everyone else, and saw them watching the fight that had started with her father in the middle of the Khaos Brigade members. None of them looked away and most of them all stood tall… but she noticed. They all looked tired and injured. There was blood on Jeanne's clothes and the Red One was no longer armored, instead leaving just a panting boy on the ground.

"Kunou, please," her mother said and it was only then that she noticed that her mom looked like a mess.

And she never looked like a mess.

So, Kunou nodded meekly and let her mother take her away.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Setan Kober and Carnwennan were having the time of their weapon lives.

True Longinus, Ruyi Jingu Bang, Divine Dividing and even Caliburn and Excalibur Ruler, who were old friends of Carnwennan in particular, all of them were great adversaries. The demonic and holy daggers couldn't be happier than they were at that moment. Not only were they involved in this fight against such opponents, but they were a huge part of it. Joshua blocked and parried and attacked with them. He needed to, considering his magic couldn't quite keep up with all the enemies without taking too much of a toll on his focus.

Focus that he was barely keeping.

Setan Kober's curse of madness, Carnwennan's blessing of stealth, Shed's domain of hunting, Nephthys' domain of magic and Set's domain of violence… all of them had been tugging at Joshua's soul for a while already. That was before he'd added Horus' domain of protection into the mix. It was a strange sensation, to feel like he was barely there, barely conscious and at the same time sense much more than he ever had. Joshua was more than he'd ever been before and it felt great… but at the same time it felt like he was disappearing.

He needed to hold on though, because Yasaka and Kunou weren't safe yet, despite them moving away. Issei had probably pushed his stamina way past the limit, from what he could pick up. Jeanne was exhausted and injured. Kuroka was standing, but she probably wouldn't be able to do much even if he called for her.

Raynare was in the best condition, together with his familiars, but they were still not doing great. He could have them assist him, but in the state he was? He couldn't be sure he would have the presence of mind to keep them safe. No, he was barely keeping it together enough that he could fight Khaos Brigade as it was.

So, there he continued, blocking attacks with shields, parrying others with his daggers, letting some pass through him as his body turned into sand. The fight went on and he could keep up forever, because he'd set a quick array already as soon as he dropped by. If things were like before, then Khaos didn't have a way to break his defenses a second time. This meant that everyone was under his influence, getting their energy drained and their power weakened by the second.

Energy and power that they didn't have an infinite source of. Maybe the reinforcements Joshua had called for had exhausted themselves, but that didn't mean the enemy hadn't. Vali was injured to boot, with Carnwennan at that. Bikou was sloppy, not tired but clearly frustrated and annoyed. Arthur and Le Fay were barely hanging on with the last of their strength.

And Cao Cao… Cao Cao was the irritating one.

He teleported himself or the others, he redirected attacks away from them and towards Joshua, he flew around and tried to target his weak spots. All in all, he was making a huge nuisance of himself and Joshua couldn't wait to put a dagger through him, preferably Setan Kober. Alas, he wasn't the True Longinus wielder for no reason, he supposed. But even he had his limits and his energy was quickly running out. Balance Breaker would do that by itself and that was without the extra "help" from Joshua's spells.

As for Joshua himself, his spells and his connection to the gods were feeding him all the power he could ever hope to need… Yet, he felt exhausted all the same. His body felt lighter and lighter as the seconds passed by, yet that didn't feel good. His movements were just as fast, his attacks just as strong… and he still felt like something was off.

He could keep going though, and that was what was important. He could outlast them all. He could take them down and make sure that Yasaka and Kunou would be that much safer. He just needed to keep pushing, keep drawing power.

"How is he doing this?!" Bikou cried out when his staff once more went uselessly through the cloud of sand that was Joshua's body. He could damage him just fine if he used Senjutsu, but those attacks were blocked by shields and he couldn't use them every time. Evidently, the Monkey King wasn't doing so well after facing Kuroka.

Joshua could think of a few reasons why.

"It's simple, you are-," Joshua said, turning entirely into a sandstorm that moved around, not only where his body had been, but the entire area. It thinned his presence even more, but he could manage. The gods were supporting him, so he could do it. He could. "-weak," he finished with a mental grin before forming once more and stabbing Bikou in the back with Setan Kober, the demonic dagger relishing the chance to do as much damage as possible, not only with its blade but with its accursed energy.

Obviously, he couldn't keep the sandstorm form for long, but he'd done damage and that was more than the Khaos group could say for themselves. If he could keep the fight going as it was, he'd chip away at them and bring them down. Just like he always did, really. Slowly, the scales would tilt in his favor. It was just a matter of-

He paused, letting True Longinus pierce through him as his body turned to sand and left a hole for the spear to go through. He couldn't risk just turning to sand and calling it a day, else the spear tip might actually damage him anyway. That was the kind of bullshit power such a gear could have.

However, his focus wasn't on that, but on a new presence away from the battlefield.

'So, that's how they did it,' he thought, picking up on the creature that crawled at the edge of his wards. It was a Sacred Gear creation and if it didn't come from Annihilation Maker, then he wasn't Joshua Davis. On top of that, he felt it do its thing, pulling on magic both from itself, from the surroundings and from his wards… And then it blew up, taking his spells with it. 'Suicide anti-spell bomber creature?' he thought, narrowing his eyes.

That wasn't all though, he thought as he blocked one of Vali's attacks and parried Caliburn. There were more creatures, in a very specific number, flying towards them. 'I don't know what you are trying to do, but it's not gonna be that easy,' Joshua thought with a snarl.

There were just as many creatures as there were Khaos Brigade members present and Joshua wasn't about to let them do anything. Or, at least, not without doing something himself. So, pulling all his focus, all his power and all his skills, he moved as fast as he could and struck as decisively as possible.

The gods blessing him poured even more energy into him and Joshua thanked them for it. Carwennan was the first to get a cut in, but that was just the beginning, to distract his target, because Setan Kober found its way into his shoulder before the holy dagger struck again on the other one. 'Fuck you, in particular, you racist piece of shit,' Joshua promised to himself.

His target let out a wet, bloody cough at the same time that the flying creatures reached the area and rushed at the others. All of them disappeared as soon as they were touched, but not his target. No, Cheshire was there to catch that one creature, just fast enough and probably having sensed it through her uncanny ability.

"You thought you could attack this place, the woman I love and my daughter and get away with it?" he hissed, twisting Setan Kober and drawing a pained grunt. "You should have known better… Cao Cao."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Annihilation Maker is turning out to be the bane of Joshua's existence, which makes sense, really. Just like Joshua can make spells for anything, AM can make creatures for anything. A battle of adaptation, if you will, which is kind of interesting. I wonder how things will go from here.

Also, it seems like this action arc is finally done… or is it?

We'll see in the next chapter, I guess.

I hope you enjoyed this one though.

Random Question: Do you have a favorite between the four "allies" PoV? That is, Raynare, Jeanne, Issei and Kuroka.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 234 others
Adrian King
Aug 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 152 - You Had Me Close in Silent Fear
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#591
You Had Me Close in Silent Fear

He felt like he was on a cloud as he stood up.

Under him, Cao Cao coughed blood with Carnwennan and Setan Kober still embedded in his body. The poor bastard would be lucky if the daggers decided to let up on their energy, but Joshua wasn't betting on that. The safe move would be to pull them out so the guy didn't die and they could put him right beside Georg and Walburga. He didn't know where Yasaka had put them or what she'd done with them, but he didn't particularly care so long as they could be useful against Khaos Brigade.

At that moment though, the fight was over. House of Water was being put back together by Agnes and Elizabeth, probably with some help from Dion's Coven Magic. He wasn't particularly sure of the specifics, since he'd rushed out of there as soon as Kokabiel was defeated. 'Speaking off, I gotta pick up that guy and throw him away together with Cao Cao,' he thought absently.

Then there was Yasaka's place, where he was at. Glancing around, there was a lot of damage to nearby buildings and the defensive magics around were now full of holes thanks to whatever creature Annihilation Maker had made to break through. There weren't people… No, there were some dead youkai around, probably Yasaka's guards… and maybe unfortunate servants.

Other than that, the place looked like ruins of war long abandoned though. There was nobody alive around other than Cao Cao, the people Joshua had called for help and himself. Speaking of…

Looking to the side, he saw them looking at him with various expressions on their faces. There was Raynare's awe, Jeanne's concern and Kuroka's curiosity. Beside them, there were his familiars, moving towards him. Cheshire was the first to reach him, rubbing her head against his side and making his hand move almost on its own to pet her head. Margalo landed on his shoulder a moment later and Nagini approached, twisting her body around to check that he was fine. Morag had stayed at House of Water though, having fun spinning webs to contain Kokabiel, Katerea and Shalba.

"Good job," he said simply with a slight smile. The words were simple, but Joshua sent waves of gratitude and love through his bond with his familiars. All of them had done marvelously, considering everything, and he would never not be appreciative of that. Even Morag, far, far away could feel the message clearly thanks to Shed's domain of wild animals taking over for the hunt that he'd been channeling so far.

"You too," Joshua told Raynare, Kuroka, Jeanne and Issei as he walked towards the ruined building they were standing in. As he did, he searched for Yasaka and Kunou, but they had gone away, it seemed. Surprisingly enough, he found them not anywhere in the youkai territory. Instead, they were… at his place.

Idly, he checked that all the defenses were fine and shifted the emergency teleportation spells to cover them too.

"Of course," Raynare replied instantly, standing tall despite her exhaustion. Then again, she'd withstood much worse during training. Looking at her, Joshua noticed that Incinerate Anthem was doing well with her, surprisingly. Considering what he'd seen of the Sacred Gear so far, how nice and childish it acted, he'd expected it to dislike the fallen at least a little. To be honest, he'd been betting on it just helping because of him, but the two seemed to have hit it off, which was interesting.

"What else were we supposed to do?" Jeanne asked with a weary smile.

"What she said," Kuroka agreed with a beaming smile, concealing her own exhaustion rather well. Then again, she wasn't quite as tired as the others. If he was piecing things well enough with what information he'd gathered as soon as he teleported there, then that made some sense. Bikou wasn't someone she could just fight, so she'd probably danced around him until Joshua got there.

"You took your sweet time getting here," Jeanne added, using a sword as a cane to lean on. "Is he dead?" He didn't even need to ask who "he" was supposed to be. Instead, he just gave her a smile.

"No, but he'll wish he were," he answered, receiving a nod from her. "Good job, Issei. Remind me to do something nice for you, yeah?" he said, grinning and approaching the fallen teenager before offering him a hand.

"I'll take you up on that," the boy replied, grasping the limb and using it to pull himself up. He seemed to be the one that had dealt with it all the worst, but that made sense. Even with all the training he'd gone through, Vali was just built different. It was just fortunate that Issei hadn't had to face the half-devil on his own or things might have ended badly.

Still though…

'Are things different now or is Vali still a good guy of sorts? I don't know,' he thought to himself, frowning. Ultimately, he wondered if it was worth it to risk things for possibly faulty information. In that attack, he'd have killed or captured them either way, because fuck them. They'd attacked Yasaka and Kunou, so double agent or not, good guy that had messed up or not, Joshua would deal with them regardless if they dared to do such a thing again.

As it was…

"Let's all go, yeah? I'm done with this," he told the gathering of allies.

More than anything though, Joshua was nervous and wanted to get somewhere safer. His house was much better defended than Yasaka's place after the mess Annihilation Maker had made of her protections. Besides, he could heal everyone and help them recover their energy that way too.

Things weren't over, after all.

He still hadn't gotten a Quest screen, and that could mean only one thing.

The attack wasn't over.

[}-o-{]​

Teleporting everyone was a piece of cake, the flow of energy from the Egyptians was plenty enough to keep him going now that he wasn't spending magic and stamina like crazy. 'I can't wait to rest though,' he thought to himself with a grimace, rubbing his neck. Even then, he felt his heart beating quickly and his body burning up from the effort.

The deities he was still connected to seemed concerned, but hopefully things would be over soon.

"You can all drop wherever," he told the people behind him without turning, waving his hand towards the living room. There were plenty of couches and seats for them to take and rest. His spells were already reaching to them to refill their energy and heal their wounds, and Jeanne could probably call Asia too, if she wanted to speed things up. The Phoenix Array was set up, of course, but that one needed a lot of energy and he'd rather not spend that on things that didn't need the overkill. More than one relieved sigh reached his ears from behind him.

Jeanne said something but Kuroka seemed to interrupt her. He ignored them, instead walking through the halls of his house and soon being unable to hear them speaking anymore. It didn't take him long to reach the door to his room and, as he pushed it open, he came to see Yasaka and Kunou on the bed. Almost a familiar sight, really, with the mother comforting the daughter. He etched the picture of Kunou crying in his mind.

Every time he thought he couldn't be more motivated or hate Khaos Brigade more, they found a way to push him further.

"Joshua," Yasaka was the first to notice him, of course, but her greeting quickly earned her daughter's attention. The child perked up, looking at him with wide teary eyes.

"Dad!" she cried out, rushing out of the bed and throwing herself at him. Considering he was still at full power, it took no effort at all to catch her. Not that it would have normally, but still. "Are the meanies gone?"

"I think so," he replied, unsure but unwilling to let her know that. Nothing was happening. Why was the screen not appearing? What was going on? Was he missing something? Morag was doing fine in House of Water. He could probably start with the post battle arrangements at that very moment.

If only-

"Joshua," Yasaka said, appearing in front of him as he continued to hug a trembling Kunou in his arms. She reached with her hand towards him, running her fingers through his changed hair. "Joshua, you can relax now," she told him and he felt the now familiar sensation of her Senjutsu washing over his being.

Much like she had a number of times in the past, she was soothing his worries, his troubled emotions. He wondered why though. Not to say that he was fine, but he couldn't relax just yet. If he let go of the Egyptians, he might just drop from exhaustion. Or he might even pass out. He didn't know what it'd do to him.

He'd mostly stuck to a single deity so far and they were exhausting. What'd four of them for an extended period of time do to him? He didn't know, and he preferred not to find out until he knew for sure.

"Joshua," Yasaka insisted, giving him a sad smile when he looked at her. "It's fine," she reassured him, closing the distance between them and leaning over Kunou to kiss his cheek. "You can let go now. You can rest," she whispered, her arms wrapping around Kunou and him, warm and soft. "It's over, Joshua. We are safe."

"Is it? Are you?" he asked, but the words escaped his lips too late. Her words had undone him. As soon as she finished speaking, Joshua felt something loosen up inside him. The desperate hold he'd held on the Egyptians' energies and their domains was released and they slunk back quietly. Through the connection that remained, however, a sense of worry and reassurance washed over him.

As soon as they left, he felt the shift.

His limbs, previously light as feathers, felt like they'd been made of lead all along and someone had cut the wires holding them up. His muscles burned and his bones ached. His mind lost its focus and suddenly the world was blurs of color that he could barely make sense of. There were voices around, but the most he could tell was when it was Yasaka and when it was Kunou.

It was already a feat that he didn't drop to the floor like a ragdoll.

"... It's ok," he heard, his brain finally managing to pull itself together the smallest bit. "He's just tired," Yasaka said, probably talking to Kunou. "Why don't you help me move him to the bed?" she asked and he felt soft hands, small and even smaller, hold him and nudge him on his way.

It took a bit, but he finally was dropped on the mattress.

"... What…?" was all he managed to mutter, clinging to consciousness, if barely.

"Divinity isn't a joke, Joshua," Yasaka told him, her slender fingers pushing a lock of his hair away from his eyes. "You are human. Impressive, but a human all the same. You can't withstand that much divinity. Not easily, at the very least," she explained to him and… he knew that. He did know that. Why was it…? "Power has a way of blinding us and you had a reason to be blinded to begin with," Yasaka said, smiling fondly. "We are safe. Everything is fine, Joshua. Rest."

"Khaos… House of Water… Your place…" he mumbled, trying to string together sentences and failing miserably. Evidently, those disconnected pieces were enough for Yasaka, however.

"I'll get started on dealing with all this, alright? Or… I'll reach for Serafall and she will, if she's not busy on her own side," she told him.

"You're… tired too," he pointed out. He couldn't tell then and there, but he knew he'd picked up on that before.

"It was a tough fight, but I have enough left in me," she reassured him with a smile. "Sleep, Josh," she told him, leaning down to kiss his forehead. "Time for us to take care of you, don't you think?" she asked, and before he could answer, someone beat him to it.

"I'll take care of you, dad," Kunou mumbled, snuggling against his side on the bed.

"I love you," he told them both.

"Love you too, dad," his daughter said, hugging his arm.

"Love you," Yasaka replied with a fond smile before pulling away. "I'll leave him in your care, Kunou," she added, but Joshua picked up on the fact that she was actually telling him to look after Kunou. He gave the weakest of nods. He might be feeling weak, but his spells were keeping him conscious and he'd rather not pass out.

Not when the damned screen wasn't showing up yet.

[}-o-{]​

He wasn't sure how much time had passed, but it must have been around an hour.

He didn't have a watch on him or a clock in his room. He could have checked his phone or with a spell, but Kunou was right there, doing her best to "keep him entertained" as a way to take care of him. Joshua felt like checking the time would have hurt her feelings and he couldn't have that. So, he soldiered on, sure that Yasaka or Serafall would contact him if something was going on.

Asia had come at some point trying to heal him, but he didn't really need it. At most he had some small cuts that his boons had healed by then. He had taken that visit to ask how the others were, but everyone seemed to be fine and recovering. The nun would keep an eye on them for him, it seemed, even though he hadn't asked.

She was sweet like that.

"Stop cheating!" Kunou whined and he gave her a slight smile. "Don't look at me like that. You are cheating," she grumbled with a pout.

"Sure am," he replied with a chuckle, looking at the illusion chess board she'd cast to play with him. "You've gotten better though," he added, and that seemed to take some of the wind out of her sails. "Good job," he told her, patting her head and drawing a reluctant pleased sound.

"You are just saying that," she mumbled under her breath. "You are tired."

"I am, but I can still tell," Joshua replied. Try as he might though, his mind wasn't on that. Instead, he was trying to read as much as he could from all the spells connected to him. Surely there was something going on. Where was the screen? 'Maybe…' Was it possible for some kind of status to mess with the system itself? 'Altered Status?' he called.

Then he blinked.

Not at the content of the screen that appeared in front of him though… mainly because he wasn't sure he could call that a screen. It wasn't even only the text that was glitched, but the screen itself. It flickered, half formed at parts, with some others sticking out. The colors were all over the place, both for the screen and the text. It almost gave him a headache just looking at it.

'Of all the times you could break, why now?' Joshua thought, frustrated.

"Dad?" Kunou called and he blinked his frown away, but it was evidently too late. His daughter was now looking at him, worried. He held back a sigh and instead thought of how to salvage things.

"Sorry. I'm still worried," he answered honestly, even if it probably wasn't a good idea. "And not feeling all here," he added, which was also not a lie.

He felt… weird. Tired and heavy, for sure, but he also felt weirdly… light. It was as if his body was made of lead but resting on a cloud. His mind seemed to flow between being fine and crushing emotions and eerie calm, with no discernible pattern or reason. Just speaking the moves for his chess match with Kunou had been a challenge at times and at others he felt like he was at his absolute best.

It was… very concerning.

'Have to be careful channeling the Egyptians like that next time,' he thought to himself. Because there was no way he wouldn't need to do it once more. If it was that bad though, why hadn't the system given him a resistance to that though? It'd given him less important skills before so surely…

'Unless it's too much,' Joshua mused to himself. The system had repeatedly had trouble when things got a little… excessive. Maybe divinity was, on its own, too much for the system to help him with. Was that it? 'I get more and more curious about the system by the day,' he thought.

Alas, after all that time, he still had no answers and didn't seem to be anywhere close to finding some. He'd tried, oh had he tried. Plenty of times he'd tried to get some reading on it through spells, but nothing so far had given him anything. It always came back empty… just like Jeanne's voices, he supposed. He'd never been able to get anything about that.

"Say, how about a show? I have plenty of illusion spells that you can cast for me," he commented, trying to get his mind back to where it should be. The present and his daughter were more important than idly thoughts, especially at that very moment.

Kunou was scared too, so he'd have to let her take care of him while he looked after her himself. Judging by the excited look she had on her face as she perked up, things would be fine. He just needed to keep himself focused and keep an eye out just in case.

Easier said than done, but such was a father's duty, he supposed.

[}-o-{]​

"I'm not made of glass, you know?" Joshua asked, but he had a smile on his face as Serafall held his arm and helped him walk to the table. His words were ignored anyway, but that was hardly surprising. It took them no time at all to get to their destination, where Joshua took his seat.

"Least I can do~" Serafall said, but even with her playful person at full capacity, Joshua was sure she was hiding something. Hardly surprising. As it turned out, comms had been blocked for her and even for a bunch of other people, like Sairaorg, the Church, and the other Satans. He wasn't sure how, but at that point, he was more or less just pointing towards Annihilation Maker in his head and calling it a day.

Was that how others felt about him?

Anyway, Serafall seemed to be feeling a little guilty for not being there when they needed help, both Yasaka and him. He didn't really blame her though, Khaos' plan had been surprisingly good. It could have ended terribly for them if a bunch of things hadn't happened. If he didn't have help at House of Water, if he hadn't been able to punch through the communication block, if, if, if…

So many things could have gone wrong.

He needed to be better. He needed to be stronger. He needed to be more prepared. He needed to work more.

Joshua couldn't let up. He wouldn't… couldn't relax. Not until every single enemy was wiped from the face of Earth and he was prepared for everything, which would never happen. He needed to-

His cheek was poked with a finger.

"You are spacing out again, Josh~" Serafall said from beside him and he gave her an apologetic smile. "It's fine. We are all fine and you did great. Relax," she told him, but she didn't understand. He couldn't relax. Something was going on. His game was literally crashing and he didn't know things were over or not. Was Khaos Brigade really done? Was something else going on?

It was so difficult to tell without a Quest screen.

He hadn't realized how much he'd come to rely on those until that very moment. How nice it was, to know when things were over, when your trial was over and you could relax. Yet there he was at that moment, with no such reassurance. Instead, he was left to worry and overthink.

"Here," Yasaka said, her Senjutsu never letting up as it tried to sooth him. It was mostly ineffective, but Joshua would admit that he'd have likely gone crazy if not for her. As if that weren't enough, the woman placed a plate in front of him with his serving. "Eat something, alright? It'll help you recover."

That's what she said, but he was sure that it was just another way that she was trying to get to him. He appreciated it, he really did. However… Joshua just couldn't shake off the feeling of danger looming behind him. They had all been at risk. Kunou had been at risk. The thought made him glance towards the girl, who was happily eating from her own plate already.

Taking a deep breath in, he glanced towards Yasaka and Serafall. Well, if he wasn't safe with those two around… Then when was he supposed to be safe, right? Granted, Issei had been sent away; he couldn't keep him around forever. Everyone else stayed close by though, from Jeanne to even Raynare. It was a little bit of an odd assortment of people at the dining table, especially for the Fallen, but it did help reassure him.

Slowly, he went to take a bite from the meal he'd been given.

"Amazing as always, Yasaka," he praised, looking down with a small smile. Maybe things were fine and it was just his system acting up once more? That could be it, he supposed. He was just… so used to it, even now that notification screens were rare to come by…

"Hmmm, maybe I should cook sometime. It's always you two that do it," Serafall commented, narrowing her eyes at Yasaka and him before pouting. "I can cook too, you know?"

"... That's news to me," he replied, his smile widening the slightest bit.

"That's mean!" Serafall exclaimed exaggeratedly. "Lies! Lies and slander! I won't stand for this!"

"What are you gonna do about it, magic girl?" he asked, drawing a whine from the woman and a giggle from Kunou, Jeanne and Kuroka. The latter two earned themselves a glare from the Satan, which quickly cowed them. Poor Asia, for her part, seemed unsure of how to react. "I look forward to trying your cooking though."

"That's more like it~!" Serafall exclaimed, doing a one eighty as usual. It made him roll his eyes, if fondly. Between Yasaka's calming presence and Serafall's cheerful attitude, Joshua could almost feel his worries being pushed aside. His… divinity poisoning – or whatever it was called, he didn't know – didn't help matters much, but he was getting better about that too… Even if it was taking some time.

Things were getting better, despite how much Joshua tried to keep worrying.

"Is it really fine?" he asked and he received two soft and warm smiles in response from both of the women in his life. He tried to return the gesture, but the most he probably managed was a weary grimace instead of a reassuring grin. "I guess it is," he mumbled, continuing to eat.

As he did, he watched the people around the table. Everyone was doing fine. Everyone seemed mostly recovered already except for him, understandably. He'd have been fine if not for his overuse of divinity, he supposed. He'd have to research that, maybe there was something he could do about that…

As the minutes passed though, he started calming down and feeling a little better.

And then…

[Quest Complete: Fend off Khaos Brigade's Attack

Rewards:

+ 20 Levels to all Stats

+ 20 Levels to Dagger Mastery

+ 20 Levels to Throwing Weapons Mastery

+ #$%#

+ Hex Magic has been Maxed

+ Boon Magic has been Maxed

#^~

#¿`¡

Further Rewards have been delayed.]

'... Why am I not surprised anymore?'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that was a… tense chapter, for Joshua at the very least. I imagine it might not have been everyone's cup of tea and that last part might be a little odd for some. However, such was what the Muse wanted me to write and I'm just the one that types her whims.

Hopefully you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any ideas as to what the rest of Joshua's rewards will be whenever he gets them?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 233 others
Adrian King
Aug 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 153 - I Will Be Home
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#603
I Will Be Home

A day later, his confusion still remained.

The system seemed to be back, at least… sort of. Joshua had tried to call for the Altered Status screen, but all he'd gotten was more glitches. Everything else seemed to be fine though, with only the odd flickering in certain places. After thoroughly looking through them – mostly because he had nothing to do as he recovered –, he'd narrowed down a list of which particular screens were affected.

Not that it told him much, but it was a nice way to waste some time.

Well, that and spending time with his familiars and Kunou. His rest period was certainly turning out to be a rather enjoyable affair if only just because of that. Normally, Kunou had classes and he was busy with… a lot of things, but then and there? She was free and so was he, so they could spend some more time together.

The same went for his familiars, really. While there was always at least one of them with him everywhere he went, that didn't really equal a lot of actual interactions with each other. He loved their company, of course, but there was a difference between walking next to each other and actually playing and talking.

So, that's how he found himself quite happy, leaning against Nagini while Kunou giggled, riding the top of the giant serpent's head. Margalo had decided to join in her own way, flying around his daughter and singing her most joyful songs. As for Joshua himself, he had Cheshire napping on his lap and Morag to his side, weaving something with her threads. Idly, he wondered if that was his equivalent of him watching the kids play in the backyard.

He guessed it was a fitting enough comparison.

"Couldn't we be training?" a voice asked and he rolled his eyes.

"No," he answered flatly, turning to give Raynare an unimpressed expression. "We were just attacked. I'm still not back to hundred percent, not even close," he said, pausing after that to catch his breath. His body was… not quite in bad shape after his overuse of divine connections, but he found himself tiring easily and the smallest effort ended with his limbs feeling heavy and weak.

"Do you think they'll attack soon?" she asked and she sounded almost excited about the prospect.

"With their track record? No," he answered, because that was the truth. His encounters with Khaos Brigade had never been what one would call frequent. The closest to that was his drawn out stand off with Annihilation Maker back after he'd dealt with Georg. Now though, it seemed that the user – Leonardo? He wasn't sure he remembered it well – had finally found a way to completely break through his defenses.

And Joshua was going to find a way to stop that.

However, he also needed to do more than just that. Because as it stood, he was fairly sure that Khaos would have more tricks under their sleeves by the next time. He needed to be more prepared, try and stop their tricks before they worked instead of reacting to them. 'How do I do that against Annihilation Maker? The guy can make whatever the fuck he wants,' Joshua thought.

Furthermore…

"But I don't want to be overconfident," he added, drawing a click of Raynare's tongue. She didn't argue with him, which was more what he expected. Really, she seemed so eager to listen to everything he said that he was slightly surprised she'd even questioned him, minor as it had been. "I'm weak right now, we are all recovering. It's better to keep our guards up as much as possible and get our feet under us," he explained, taking a deep breath in and starting to pet Cheshire.

Predictably, the fallen wasn't too pleased with that. She was a doer. Sitting and waiting wasn't in her nature. Especially when she couldn't train to get stronger. So, Joshua tilted his head and considered options. It was better to keep her happy with him, even if he doubted she'd betray him. If nothing else, it'd keep her mind clear and prevent any mistakes from restlessness.

"We did get Kokabiel," he made a show of thinking out loud. Immediately, he had Raynare's full attention. Not that it was far from that before, but still. "I guess I can have Yasaka squeezing him for info to help you get better on top of about Khaos Brigade," Joshua commented idly and he didn't need any spells or special senses to see the excitement in Raynare. "For now, I think you pass the time getting used to Incinerate Anthem."

Speaking of, he wondered if the reward for that Quest had been delayed together with the other? He'd expected to get both at the end of things, but instead he'd gotten neither. That was a little frustrating, he'd admit.

"Sparring?" she asked, eyes all but sparkling. She didn't even react when Kuroka giggled at her from where she sat.

"Not quite," Joshua answered, making her shoulders drop. "Don't look so down. I think it's time that you train something other than your power," he commented, stretching his back a little before getting Cheshire off of him and standing up. After that, he paused and stretched some more.

Alas, nothing he did would get rid of the stiffness of his limbs at that moment. Just like nothing would get rid of the weightless feeling that overcame him at times. It was just something that'd go away with time… if slowly.

"Nagini," he said, patting his serpentine familiar on the side and making her lower her head, and Kunou with it, to be in front of him. "Thanks, girl. Now, Kunou. Can you cast some Illusion cards for me?"

"Sure thing! A show or a normal card?" his daughter asked enthusiastically.

"I was thinking we could use some of your originals," he answered, making her eyes widened as she started bouncing on her feet.

"Really?! I'll go look for them!"

And with that off she went.

Meanwhile, Joshua gave a confused Raynare a smile.

"You are going to copy those illusions with Incinerate Anthem, just to let you know," he explained to her. Right off the bat, the fallen didn't look all too excited, but that was before she truly processed that. He'd told her, after all, that this was for her to train something other than power. So this would, hopefully, help her get a better handle of her new Sacred Gear.

He hoped it'd go well.

And if not, then Kunou would at least have some fun.

It was all wins, really. He was a genius.

[}-o-{]​

"Well, this is unexpected," he commented wearily, taking a seat at the island in the kitchen and his hands wrapped around the warm cup of tea set in front of him. "Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the visit, but still."

"I understand," Gabriel told him, smiling her usual friendly, warm and soft smile across from him. She had her own cup of tea too, but she didn't seem to be paying it any mind. "However, I do hope you do see me as a friend more than an ally, Joshua, just like I do you."

"Well, I try not to be presumptuous," he replied with a grin of his own. "And once again, I appreciate this. I imagine you must be more busy than usual."

"Indeed… but things are also slowly starting to get better," she told him with a nod. "Your help has pushed our efforts to finish this inner conflict. Khaos sets us back, of course, but it could have been much worse than it is. Because of that alone, paying you a visit is more than warranted," the Seraph explained to him, making his smile turn a little amused.

"Thus, your real colors are showing, huh?" he asked playfully. "To think a Seraph of all people would lie to me," he added dramatically. He was definitely spending too much time with Serafall. Still though, that got the cutest of reactions from the angel. He'd almost dare to say she was pouting.

His amusement died a quick death when a sharp finger poked his side, making him wince.

"No flirting," Kunou grumbled under her breath, and she was definitely pouting. "I'll tell mom."

For a moment, Joshua considered telling her that no, he wasn't flirting, and that he was just being friendly. However, thinking about it… He guessed he could see how it could be interpreted like that. After another moment, he brought a hand to his face and rubbed it tiredly.

"I must be more out of it than I thought," he mumbled before turning his attention back to Gabriel. "I'm sorry about that."

"Think nothing of it," the angel reassured him with a wave of her hand. "I'm glad to see that you are in good spirits, if – as you said – a little out of it," she added, looking more amused than anything. At least she wasn't insulted or anything of the sort.

Then again, she had called him a friend, so… Maybe he could afford to loosen up a little. 'Am I getting better at socializing? Somehow, that's the most surprising thing that's happened to me so far,' he thought to himself, a little in awe of that fact. He imagined the Joshua of back in his old world would have been a mess in that situation, with a little girl that saw him as her father to his side and a literal angel calling him a friend in front of him.

"Thank you," he replied, smiling a relieved smile. That is, before another sharp poke made his expression twitch and Gabriel giggle. "My daughter is so mean to me," he lamented, only to receive a lighter poke that he barely felt and a huff from the little girl. Doing away with the dramatics, he smiled and planted his hand on top of Kunou's head before addressing Gabriel. "There's no need for you to feel guilty, by the way."

"... What…?" she went to ask, eyes widening. Then she stopped, her expression shifting into a defeated smile. "How…?"

"I'm weak, not blind," he answered before she could even finish and he was sure what he said showed on his weak grin. Still, he wasn't lying. He was weak, but he had eyes, he could still use his Sense skills and he still got the feedback of his spells. Sure, it was all tiring and it scattered his mind even more, so he didn't use the latter two much, but he could if he felt like it.

"I see. You have a way of making everyone underestimate you, has anyone ever told you?" Gabriel asked him, both amused and slightly exasperated. He just grinned wider, because that was truly something that happened a lot. He was almost surprised it wasn't a Perk, quite honestly.

Then again, the DxD world was just wired to underestimate humans, he supposed. They were the lowest of the low. Sacred Gears evened the scales a little, but they were few and far between, in terms of numbers. Furthermore, even Longinus had to be lucky to reach their full potential. So, ultimately, nobody expected anything from humans, even those that stood out. Even if, by some miracle, a human reached far, their lives were so depressingly short that most supernatural beings would outlive them anyway.

Well, that mark in supernatural culture worked in his favor though, so he wasn't complaining.

By all means, he was only human in name, really. That last encounter had cleared it up more than any other. After all, he'd used Appraisal in Cao Cao during it. What he'd seen was a sad C+ Life, the others were around A ranked and then, the last stats: S ranked Speed, Dexterity and Perception.

Now though…

'Status.'

[Joshua Davis

Title: Ward Authority

Race: Human

Gender: Male

Rank: S-

Strength: S-

Speed: S-

Dexterity: S-

Vitality: S

Perception: S-

Magic: SS

Life: A+]

'It's not enough… but I'm getting there all the same,' he thought to himself, determined.

"I can't help it, I guess," Gabriel said, bringing him back to the present. He reigned in his frustration immediately, but his drifting thoughts were something he was getting used to… the smallest bit. He still couldn't wait for things to go back to normal. "With all that my faction and I owe you, to not be there in your time of need…"

"It's not your fault," he waved off, almost rolling his eyes. "You didn't ignore us or anything. Khaos got in the way and made a nuisance of themselves, like usual," he reassured, his expression darkening as he thought of the accursed organization. "They'll get what's coming to them."

"Because they are meanies," Kunou chimed in, immediately dispelling his anger. She was just too adorable, especially with that confident smile and her cute little nod. Seriously.

"Because they are meanies," he agreed, drawing a giggle from Gabriel.

[}-o-{]​

"Actually pretty good," he commented, taking another bite from his meal.

"Don't sound so surprised," Serafall told him with a very insulted pout. "I told you I could cook. What do you take me for? A liar?" she asked, eyes narrowed and expressing the fact that he better choose his words wisely. Which was why he did the exact opposite.

"I thought it'd be edible at best," he replied with a grin, drawing a whine from the woman. "This is great though," he praised again, smiling and looking down at his plate. He was already halfway through it, somehow, and if that wasn't a crying shame, then he didn't know what was. It was always great to eat something homemade and prepared by someone else. It had a different feeling to it, especially when he'd been there while she prepared it. "I definitely want to try this out again."

On top of all that, it was just nice to just sit there with someone he loved and share a homemade meal. They were alone, but that was mostly by choice. He didn't know what had gone on, but Yasaka and Serafall had made some kind of agreement and now he was having a date at home with Serafall… for some reason. He imagined there'd be another the next day with the Youkai leader.

"Kunou's right, you are a meanie sometimes," Serafall said, pouting and making him snort.

Still, his mind was on a bit of a roll there. Maybe it was the condition he was in, or maybe it was the atmosphere… or maybe both. The thing is, he couldn't stop himself from appreciating it.

The point was that it was nice to just… be there, see Serafall cook and chat idly to pass the time. There was something soothing and warm to just sitting across each other with a homemade meal and nice company. It reminded him of eating with his family – which felt like a lifetime away –, if a little more intimate, sort of.

'I could get used to this,' he thought with a soft smile before bringing his fork up to his mouth.

"Something in your mind?" she asked, curiously but still showing off that child-like joy on her expression that seemed almost permanently etched in her features. "You are stariiing~"

"Sorry, it's just that you are beautiful," he replied with a widening grin. Serafall reacted much the same, visibly pleased with the compliment, simple and straightforward as it had been. "And I just… really like this, all this," he added, waving his hand vaguely. Not that he knew very well how to express himself.

"This?" Serafall asked, tilting her head as if she were a confused puppy. It was actually very cute, which must have shown on his face somehow, because she seemed happy all of a sudden. Maybe he was more expressive at the moment too? It was a possibility, he supposed.

"It just feels very… home-ish," he answered, his voice low but not too much, almost as if he were talking to himself instead of to Serafal. "Reminds me of my own home, but different, does that make sense?" he commented, not really waiting for a response to that. "The same but with more… love, I guess. Or maybe it's better to say with a different love. Yeah, that," he mumbled, not sure he was getting what he wanted to say across.

It was something he was sure he'd have struggled to explain in normal circumstances, so maybe he should have just kept his mouth shut, he supposed. Still though, it was a little too late for regrets… Not that he did regret it. He was just worried he might have not made himself very clear. To his own ears, he just sounded like he'd said a bunch of nonsense.

"I'm… so glad to hear that," Serafall said and, when Joshua looked up, his eyes widened. He wasn't sure she'd ever looked that beautiful, or beautiful like that. He'd seen her happy, excited and even moved. There was something different in her soft smile now, her blue eyes seemed to shine brighter than ever and there was a faint dusting of pink on her cheeks. "I love you too," she added, showing an uncharacteristically shy side of herself as she focused on eating her own part, fidgeting with her fork and failing to control her smile.

"You are being unreasonably cute, you know that?" he asked, staring at her, his food long forgotten. That is, before he got a kick to the shin under the table. "Hey!"

"Shut up," Serafall told him, blushing much more noticeably than before.

"You aren't really helping your case. Just to let you know," he pointed out, because she had to know that, right? Then again, despite being who they were, Yasaka, Serafall and even others of similar… situations, hardly acted the part one would expect of them. It made him wonder a lot of things, but that was neither the moment nor the place to go on that tangent.

"I said shut up," she mumbled, pouting.

"Yes, dear."

"That's more like it," she replied, unable or unwilling to hide the happy smile on her face.

[}-o-{]​

"You seem to be doing better," Yasaka commented, bringing her cup of tea to her lips. Joshua was still, sometimes, taken by how… dignified she made the action look. It was a very minor thing, in the grand scheme of things, but she somehow made it look impressive.

Also kind of made him feel bad for being basically a barbarian next to her.

"Am I?" he asked, holding his own cup with one hand and bringing it to his lips. 'Yup, nothing like that,' Joshua thought. Not that he was trying, but it left him self-conscious to do it that way right after noticing Yasaka's technique. Alas, he wasn't affected enough to actually go for a more proper way.

Why bother? Especially when he wasn't feeling all that well.

"Because you aren't really telling me much and it's kind of annoying," he commented with a wry tone and an even more wry expression. Maybe it sounded curt, and even rude, but he really wanted to know what was going on. "I know you are trying to help, but not knowing is killing me here," he added, somewhat apologetic but still firm.

He'd barely been told anything about how things went after the attack. Yasaka and Serafall – Hell, even Gabriel – had seemingly made an agreement to tell him as little as possible. He was almost impressed by how little they actually told him without outright refusing. Mainly though, he was annoyed and worried.

"I guess it can't be helped," Yasaka said, sighing and deflating. "You just can't help but worry, can you?" she asked him, giving him a fond, if exasperated, look. He was kind of used to those, even if that was probably not a good thing. "Cao Cao, Kokabiel, Katerea and Shalba were all captured, as I told you. They are currently enjoying a very good time together with Walburga and Georg," she told him.

There was a very mean and cold tinge to her voice when she said "very good time" and it was paired with a very menacing look on her face. That was very surprising, he'd admit, but also kind of… hot, actually. Maybe because Joshua wholeheartedly agreed with the sentiment and Yasaka had always been a hot woman by default, really.

Tangents aside though, he wished he'd have a shot at those himself. Maybe he wouldn't get there in time to interrogate them, but he could pull some experimentation. Kokabiel had been, after all, the sole reason why what little of his original family was far, far away at the moment. Then there was Cao Cao, who had attacked Yasaka and Kunou. Furthermore, all of the new captures had been involved in that attack, actually, even if those that had gone to House of Water had been sort of only indirectly responsible.

Then again, that was more of a Kalawarna situation, he supposed… Eh, he'd leave those to Yasaka. Kokabiel and Cao Cao were fair game though. It'd be interesting to test some spells on a fallen and a Sacred Gear wielder in a situation where he didn't have to care about… damaging them.

"Azazel has been getting in contact with House of Water, same as Serafall. They were attacked by members of their races, even if they were what we'd call strays. There's also the matter of the Vanishing Dragon," Yasaka continued informing him, pulling him out of his thoughts. "That's as much as we've heard, but Gabriel expressed interest in the True Longinus. Extracting a Longinus isn't quite the same as a normal Gear though. Not even Azazel wants to meddle with that just yet."

Joshua hummed at that. All that she was saying made sense, he supposed. It wasn't quite what he'd wanted to know, but… 'Eh, maybe I can try my hand at that? Would a modified draining spell work? Maybe a spatial one? Maybe a mix?' he wondered curiously. God, as if he didn't have enough projects already…

"Khaos pulled away, but that's hardly surprising. We don't know if they'll try their hand again, but we rather doubt it. They lost very thoroughly. We didn't come out unscathed, but they are definitely the ones that got worse off," Yasaka explained, bringing her cup of tea to her lips. "My people have been working on our defenses, but it'll take time for them to be set up once more. Even longer to return to them to what they were. House of Water seems to be doing fine though."

Well, all that sounded like what he'd expected, really. No surprises anywhere… which he didn't know if that was good or not though. On one side, it meant that he hadn't really been left unaware of any complications and such. On the other, it meant that they didn't know enough to not be worried.

"Do you feel better now?" Yasaka asked, eyebrow raised and he gave her a weak smile.

"Not really."

"And that's why we didn't tell you," she replied with a nod, as if she had just confirmed that she was right all along… Which she kind of had, he supposed. Didn't mean he had to like it though. "We have things well enough in hand at the moment. What you should focus on is your recovery, your health. Kunou is worried."

He knew she just added that last part to really twist the knife, but he had to admit it was effective.

Still, what a ruthless woman.

"Geez, throw salt in the wound while you are at it," he mumbled, taking a sip from his tea. He grimaced, noticing that maybe more time than he'd expected had passed. The drink was getting cold. "My mother would have liked you," he added and he was sort of surprised that the comment wasn't accompanied by pain or sadness… Or, at least, not much. It was more like the slight itch of an old scar than a wound tearing itself open.

"I'm glad to hear that," Yasaka told him, smiling beautifully. "Now, I think that's enough business talk, don't you?"

"Yes, dear."

She didn't deign that with a response, other than a small, smug smile and a raised eyebrow.

He rolled his eyes at her.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

More recovery time and some sweet interactions. I had fun writing this. Fluff is my preferred way to do things, in case it wasn't obvious. So, this kind of calm and warm moments are kind of what I do my best at, I feel.

I'm sure nothing will happen to break this flow.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Not feeling all that good today and brain isn't braining, so… Anything you wanna tell me in regards to the story?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 225 others
Adrian King
Sep 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 154 - Forgive Me My Weakness
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#613
Forgive Me My Weakness

[Ravel Phenex]

She was a little annoyed… but mostly worried.

Joshua was in a bad condition and she wasn't able to do anything. That was the main source of her frustration. Another was that not everyone involved in that mess had been dealt with and they had gotten away. All of it contributed to her foul mood, because how dare they?

Ravel had already asked about it and Joshua had agreed to let her pull some strings in regards to those people. Unfortunately, the rather condescending tone with which he'd said that was… warranted. In hindsight, she should have known that anyone that owed him had already been questioned when it came to that… Khaos Brigade.

The reason for her worries was pretty simple and it was just as related to all that. Joshua had been… not hurt, but he'd certainly been affected by the whole ordeal. He'd been basically resting for a few days already and she'd barely gotten a few visits in. All that she'd been able to do in that time was organize his schedule as best she could so that he could start again once he felt better, which was a little complicated, since she didn't have precise information.

However, she'd do her best anyway.

Joshua had taught her a lot, after all. Maybe he'd done so unknowingly and unintentionally, but he had. Ravel had started applying his "teachings" as it were, and she'd already earned quite a bit of favor with some of Riser's peerage members and the staff of her family. Small, in the grand scheme of things, but she'd learned that just being kind could be greatly useful.

Ravel had a feeling that her "teacher" wouldn't appreciate her looking at it like that.

"You are overthinking again," the aforementioned man told her, a weary smile on his face. All his expressions were like that as of late, she noticed, and that was part of what had her worried. Every time she'd seen Joshua, he'd been this unshakable pillar of strength. He always moved and talked with that quiet, humble confidence of his.

And now, his face was paler than usual. His hair was more of a mess. There were dark bags under his eyes. His expression was weak and his posture slumped. It was like someone had taken the man that had sat across her parents and stood his ground and left him powerless and exhausted.

Ravel didn't like that.

She was yet another victim of the path of kindness, after all.

"And you are underthinking again," she mumbled, checking over her notes. This was going to be a tense moment and she needed to make sure it went smoothly. There was precedent, of course, but things hadn't gone too well that time. Maybe she could help-

"Maybe," Joshua commented with a weak chuckle that just validated her worries. "I guess that is what I have you for," he added, planting his hand on top of her head. It was exceedingly insulting to be treated as a child like that. However, it helped Joshua feel better, so Ravel allowed it, just this once.

She wasn't pouting.

She wasn't enjoying it either.

Ravel had no idea why Cheshire was staring at her like that.

"Ahem, so," she started, coughing behind her fist and looking away from Joshua's smile. "House of Water has recovered surprisingly quickly and Director Waterhouse wants to start operating as quickly as possible. However, I have to insist that Mr. Davis isn't ready to be teaching classes once more in the state-"

"I've told you. I've taught while recovering from magical exhaustion. Arguably a worse situation than right now," the man interrupted, looking both happy and frustrated at the same time. "I can cast magic and move around just fine. I just tire easily and am a bit out of sorts. I should be fine so long as I have people keeping an eye on me and don't push myself too much."

"That's where I come in, I gather?" Ravel asked, putting on her best professional expression. She was, internally, very happy to know that Joshua trusted her with such a duty. She wondered if he realized how much of a big deal it was that he allowed her to look after him in his moment of weakness.

It sounded like the kind of thing he'd have an odd outlook on or otherwise outright not be aware of the significance.

"Indeed," he confirmed with a smile. "You and the Stars," he added, which slightly dampened her excitement, but not too much. It made sense. The Stars were the actual experts in what Joshua taught, or as much of an expert as anyone else could be, really. "Levi should be good enough to cover if I slip up in the theory. It'll be good practice for whenever I have him take over the classes," Joshua finished with.

That made sense. He wanted the student to take over, with his incredible talent when it came to theory. Eliphas Levi would be a great source of power for Joshua too, even if he likely didn't realize that. He'd basically be getting all the favor the classes gave him without actually having to teach them. On top of that, Levi was someone that knew the only reason he'd have any importance and any favor was because Joshua had given him the chance.

Without Joshua, the student would have continued to be disregarded for his lack of talent when it came to practical use of magic.

It was a masterpiece of a plan that Ravel was awed by. Somehow, the fact that Joshua likely hadn't taken into account half of the entire meaning of it all just made the whole thing impressive.

What a scary man she was following, to have people dancing in his palm just because of virtues.

Temperance, Charity, Diligence, Kindness and Humility.

And meanwhile, there Ravel was using the opposite of them all, for the sake of helping him.

Gluttony, Greed, Sloth, Envy and Pride.

"Shall we go in?" Joshua asked her, turning towards the door of his classroom and starting to walk in already. 'Not only are you odd,' Ravel thought to herself as she followed him. 'You also make others odd.'

[}-o-{]​

[Eliphas Levi]

"That's why you have to be careful with hexes," Professor Davis lectured, leaning back on his desk as he stood, like it was any other day of classes and not just a few short days after they were attacked. He looked like a strong breeze would make him topple over, but nobody was fooled and those that were quickly found themselves silenced. Several of them had seen similar things happening before and nobody wanted to poke the weary dragon.

They'd already found out what happened if they fucked around, as it were.

Not that Levi would have ever dared, but the Stars were wary of the rest of their classmates. Even the less… reckless – to avoid saying stupid – of the student body could slip up at times. On top of that, Phenex had talked privately with them and asked them to look out for Professor Davis. His current state didn't only leave him exhausted and weak, but also affected his mind. Thus, they'd be responsible for picking up anything that might need correcting.

It was a duty that especially fit Levi's skillset and he knew it. The devil had actually singled him out from the very beginning. He found it to be an honor, truly, but it was also a huge weight on his shoulders. It was an opportunity as much as it was a threat, in a way.

Still, he wouldn't fail.

"Never try to make a hex play nice. It's just not in their nature, just like a hawk can't be asked to stay on land or a wolf to live in water. Hexes are mean and they'll always be, regardless of how much you try to contain them, so don't. It's better to use wards if you are going to try something like that. They are less… driven, as it were," Professor Davis explained and they all took note of everything, including the displays he made appear over the boards.

"They are unstable," George whispered to them and it took a moment for Levi to notice. Indeed, it was barely noticeable. If it hadn't been pointed out to him, he might have missed it entirely. The edges of the illusions seemed to be less vibrant, like a ghostly sight compared to the rest of it.

"We might need to draw attention away," Meredith whispered back, acting as if nothing were happening. "Can you keep an eye on that, George? We'll take care of the rest if it gets worse."

"Of course," the Recovery Magic user replied instantly with a firm nod, even as he continued taking notes. His eyes kept darting to the illusions though, never faltering.

The entire interaction only fueled Levi to cover for his duty. The others could keep an eye on Professor Davis and the class. He'd look out for any mistakes in the theory. It was his strength and he wouldn't fail, not when he could finally do something.

"So, hexes are better used for ruthless purposes. Targeting trespassers, for example," Professor Davis continued explaining. "Not to say there aren't other uses, but even the most… soft approaches at using it will end up being rough and blunt. As such, it's better if you focus your efforts into applying them in the way they are supposed to be. Otherwise, it's like trying to use fuel to put out a fire. It just doesn't work that way. Now, let's go a little more in depth in regards to this, shall we?" their teacher asked with a smile as he pushed himself to a fully standing position and then paused.

'Is he…?'

"Professor Davis?" Meredith called, hand in the air.

"Yes?" the man replied, visibly gathering his thoughts.

"I was just curious as to what you'd consider a soft approach to hexes," the girl said, putting on an act that was truly impressive. At the same time, Levi noticed most of the Stars were very much paying attention. All but George, who had his eyes glued to the illusory displays.

"In a bit, Meredith. We'll be going over all of this in more detail, as I said," the Professor replied with a smile directed their way that told them he knew exactly what they were doing. Then he gave them a nod, and Levi liked to think that was him telling them that he appreciated it. "Actually, let's do something first," the man said, running his fingers through his hair.

It looked just as natural Meredith's acting, but Levi noticed and judging by their shifting, the other Stars did too. The man dragged on the gesture for just a little longer than usual. There was also half a second where they could see his expression dropping when it was mostly hidden by his arm.

"Levi," Professor Davis called and he sat straighter on his seat. "You are the best at theory and you are likely ahead of everyone else here except me… maybe," the man commented. He didn't seem to be annoyed or anything of the sort as he said that. Was that a joke? Could be, but then why did he look… proud? "Can you tell us your opinion and thoughts? I'll correct you if you mess up, which I rather doubt, and I'll explain further if I think you missed something. As it is… everyone, I'd take notes of anything he says as if it were me. He's much more orthodox than I am, which I hear is easier to learn from for those that aren't used to my more… free approach."

"Of course," he replied, mulling over what the teacher had said for a moment.

That was a bit of an understatement. Few people could follow Professor Davis' positively wild way of magic. Geniuses couldn't really explain their ways to the normal people, after all. It was such a break from the usual paths, that it had taken a while for people to truly get it. However, Levi could safely say that being in his classes was a privilege he'd never take for granted.

For an increasingly higher number of reasons.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"Damnit!" the fallen across from her cursed, unable to get the shape of the flower quite right with her purple flames. To Kunou, it looked like a good enough job, but she'd learned that Raynare was a bit of a perfectionist. Kind of like her dad, she supposed.

"Dad doesn't like it when people curse in front of me," she chimed, making the fallen do a full body flinch instantly. That was another thing she'd learned. Raynare seemed positively terrified about displeasing Joshua or otherwise disappointing him. Kunou could kind of relate.

Her dad had a very strong disappointed look, even if he was a pushover.

"I'm sorry, Miss Kunou," Raynare said, bowing and all. She reminded her of some of her mother's servants… when they were new, at least. Absolutely terrified of messing up and going above and beyond to make up for their "transgressions". It had long since stopped being funny, especially because it made Kunou feel that much more apart from people.

She didn't feel too bad then and there though. Raynare was… odd, but she could be kind of cool when she relaxed a bit. So, it was just a matter of getting her used to things, she supposed. Just like how servants at her mother's place eventually got the gist of it.

However…

"Dad said you were a meanie," she commented, staring right at the fallen. She got more or less the reaction she expected, with full grimace and a flinch, her face paling. Normally, she'd have felt bad about that. That wasn't a normal situation though. "He said you helped take away his family."

"I… did," the woman admitted, still grimacing, if less so than before. At least she was honest. Joshua had also explained more than that, of course. He'd told her that Raynare had been deceived, even if she wasn't quite what one would call good. He'd seemed sad about the fact that he'd been mean to her and the other one that wasn't around anymore, Mitel or something.

Joshua had said he'd made sure to try and make up for that. He'd put on a good word for the other one with the fallen and was now helping Raynare. Still though, what they had done wasn't nice, and Kunou was kind of angry herself. Those were family members she'd never get to meet now.

However…

"You helped us with the meanies at home," she commented, still staring at the fallen. She wanted to understand things better and for that she needed information. Both her mother and her father agreed that one needed as much information as possible when trying to make a decision. "Why?"

"Because…" Raynare started before pausing.

Kunou glanced to the side, towards Cheshire in a corner of the room. She wondered if the fallen knew the familiar was there. Either way, she turned her attention back to Raynare, trying to read her as best she could. She wasn't as good as her mother, or even her father – which was a little frustrating –, at using Senjutsu to feel other's life energy. However, she was good enough to read that woman and Cheshire would help her too, just in case.

"Because I care about Davis," the fallen finally said and Kunou was surprised that she was… actually honest, from what she could tell and from what Cheshire could tell, more importantly. "There's many reasons, but I think that's the one you want to hear about the most," the woman added, further proving that she was being shockingly truthful.

"I see," she replied, more because she didn't know what else to say than anything else.

"He cares a lot about you," Raynare continued and Kunou perked up the smallest bit. It was always nice when someone said something like that regarding her dad and her. "So, helping you is only natural," the woman explained simply, bluntly, as she turned towards her flame construct and continued trying to perfect it. "You are his daughter, so you must be protected."

Kunou hummed, a smile on her face.

"I think I like you," she replied, beaming at the woman. The fallen, for her part, seemed taken aback by her words. So much so that the flames she'd created went out completely, unlike before when she just messed up a little. "The guards and servants always say unnecessary things. But you are direct. I like that."

She giggled, watching a strange expression on the fallen's face.

"I think dad likes that too," she added, which seemed to catch Raynare even more off guard.

"I don't think he cares," she denied. Kunou didn't really disagree with that, but there was something positive about that. Or, at least, she thought so.

"He doesn't care quite as much, no," she agreed with a nod. "But I think that's actually kind of good for you," she added, drawing a confused look from the fallen, which was fair. "When dad cares, he'll try to keep you safe, try not to put pressure on you. But he doesn't care as much about you, so he won't hold back on your account," she explained, making the woman blink.

"... I see," Raynare replied slowly, making a small purple flame appear over her palm absently. "There's something to be said about that, I guess," she mused out loud, but it seemed like she was talking more to herself than to Kunou.

That was fine. She'd said her piece, after all. Dad needed all the help he could get, but he was always reluctant to ask for it. So, if he had someone like Raynare around, Kunou would feel better. At least then he'd have someone to rely on for things he would normally do by himself.

"You are a smart one. As expected of his child," Raynare said, and Kunou's thoughts were derailed by the joy she felt at that comparison. Giving her a smirk, the fallen turned to continue trying to mold her flames to fit Kunou's illusions.

"Thanks, Auntie Raynare," she replied cheerfully, giggling as the woman's fire flickered out.

[}-o-{]​

[Asia Argento]

She hummed softly, her dirt-stained hands working on her plants.

Her garden was a safe place, and Asia found that she needed some peace, after the troubling events that her… friends had gone through. Everyone had been in danger and she hadn't been able to do anything. It was frustrating, but such was the life the Lord had designed for her. She'd wait for them to come back alive, so that she'd help them recover.

That was Asia's fate and she liked it, even if she found it… depressing, at times.

She dared not be ungrateful, least of all complain. After all, she had been given plenty, especially as of late. Some people's design was to be where the danger was and some others, like her, were meant to be there when danger was over and people needed to recover. Everything and everyone had their role and Asia was grateful to have one at all.

"Something the matter?" Joshua asked from behind her and Asia sighed. It was never easy to hide things from the man, especially when he was close by. She didn't know why she tried, other than maybe sparing him worries. Alas, she couldn't manage to do that.

There was no use, just like there was no use trying to steer Joshua away from his question.

"... I just wish I could do more," Asia answered, sighing. "Is that greedy of me? Maybe proudful?"

"I very much doubt it," she heard him say and she turned to see him smiling amusedly at her. "That was kind of a vague statement, but knowing you? You probably wish you could do more to help others, and that's commendable, as far as I'm concerned," he added softly, his smile dimming the smallest bit.

That made sense. He was still recovering, after all. Asia regretted the fact that her Twilight Healing couldn't manage to do anything in regards to that. Instead, there she was, throwing her troubles at him when she should be trying to alleviate the weights on his shoulders.

"Why is your mood getting worse?" Joshua asked her. Before she could answer, or say anything, the man stood up from the stone bench he'd been sitting at, leaving behind the notebook he'd been working on.

"You shouldn't strain yourself, Mr. Joshua," she mumbled, wringing her hands worriedly.

"Standing and walking isn't a strain," he told her, waving off her worries. "So," he continued, reaching her and sitting beside her. "What's the matter?"

"... I should be helping, and instead I'm making you worry," she whispered, turning back to her plants.

"And I should be helping everyone, but instead I'm worrying them too," he told her, making her look at her once more. "Are you saying I should feel guilty about that?"

"You should think about those that care about you before doing dangerous things," she mumbled, not looking at him. "But you are not wrong. I'm being silly."

"You are being kind," he replied and Asia felt his hand being dropped on top of her head before he ruffled her hair. "Too kind, as usual. You are allowed to want things for yourself, Asia. You are allowed to not think about others on occasion. Love others as you love yourself also means you have to love yourself, doesn't it?" he pointed out to her and Asia paused.

She had never considered that line like that. She'd always thought about it in the sense that she should care about others. She had thought it meant for people that were selfish, trying to steer them towards more selfless thoughts. However, could it really be taken the other way around? For people that were too selfless, trying to steer them towards selfishness? It sounded wrong but-

"You are just as important as everyone else, Asia," Joshua told her softly. "Too much of a good thing is still bad," he added for her and she turned to see him smiling at her. "I guess I can try and help you be more selfish."

"You can't corrupt me, Mr. Joshua," she mumbled, turning away and continuing her work. She'd be a liar if she said she wasn't smiling, however.

"I can try," he replied jokingly. "Anything I can tempt you with?"

Plenty of things, Asia knew. She'd had many desires, especially as of late, but they were all selfish, greedy. She shouldn't indulge such thoughts. And yet…

"Have you thought what you'll do once things calm down?" he asked her all of a sudden, making her blink. "You are here for your protection… and for other reasons too. What'll you do once that's over?"

"I… I guess I'll go back to the Church, not sure where, specifically," she answered, and she wondered why it felt like her chest hurt. The Church was her home, after all. They'd given her everything she had…

Except, had they? Because the garden in front of her, the plants that populated it. Those had been given by Joshua, right? He'd had no need to do that, but he had done so anyway. Just like the many delicious meals he'd prepared for her. Or the lavish room where she resided at the moment.

"Do you want to go?" Joshua asked her. "Because you know you are welcome to stay if you want to, right? The Church and Heaven can be convinced and I certainly don't mind."

"Wouldn't that be asking for too much?" she whispered, looking at her plants even while her hands stopped.

"Of course not. You are practically part of the family," the man told her, as if she were silly and that fact obvious.

Her hands trembled.

"Then could I…" she started, but the words got stuck in her throat. There was silence then, where she couldn't say what she wanted and Joshua waited patiently. Eventually, one of those facts turned untrue. "Could I be family… for real?"

"... Asia Davis," Joshua commented and she felt the knot in her throat come back with a vengeance. "Doesn't have a terrible ring to it, right?"

"... No, it does not."

"Then, I guess you are actual family now, huh?"

"... Thank you."

"Don't mention it."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Why did I feel the need to write an entire chapter from other people's PoV? I have absolutely no idea. I just did, so I wrote it. The Muse do be fickle like that, I guess. Sometimes it just wants things and I'm but a slave of her whims.

Such is my fate.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any favorites from this bundle of PoVs?

See you.
Last edited: Sep 10, 2024
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 228 others
Adrian King
Sep 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 155 - A Degradation I Cannot Forget New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#622
A Degradation I Cannot Forget

"Thanks, Fuyuko," he said as a tray with snacks and three cups of tea was set beside him.

The yuki-onna had started working at his home at Kyoto ever since the incident, more because he kind of needed a hand more than anything and Yasaka – and everyone else, really – had insisted. Well, not everyone, but he also didn't want to dump all the things he usually did himself on others. He had spells to help him out most of the time, but Jeanne and Asia, the most stubborn of the bunch, didn't have that benefit.

So, it felt wrong to ask them to take care of that.

He'd actually wanted to do it himself. He wasn't crippled and his magic set ups made most things very trivial. Like the difference in effort between actually cooking a meal and preparing instant noodles, more or less. Alas, nobody had taken his side on that argument.

'I need to work on Project Intelligence,' he thought to himself, idly writing down some things in a notebook. That one project would likely push his already pretty good quality of life arrays to the next level, which would basically be automated. Then again, he didn't need an actual AI sort of thing to do chores. That felt like overkill. Maybe he could do a step down from that.

Were those called VI? He wasn't too sure, really.

"Thank you," Koneko mumbled from behind him.

"Thanks~" Kuroka offered too, further behind, on the other side of the "board" that the sisters were using to play Project Duel on.

"Don't mention it, Joshua-sama, Toujou-san, Kuroka-san," the servant said, bowing and then moving away. He'd long since resigned himself to the honorifics and the formality with Yasaka's servants, but he didn't think he'd ever be completely fine. However, it was by then just one of those smallest of annoyances that one barely reacted to, which was the most he could hope for, Joshua supposed.

"... They are not as good as yours," Koneko mumbled a moment after Fuyuko closed the door behind her. Amusingly, she said that before even trying any of the snacks. As if to prove her point though, after she took one from the tray and bit it, she made a sound that very much didn't mean she had enjoyed it.

"Don't be mean," he told her calmly, because he knew she wasn't trying to insult Fuyuko. She was just expressing that his cooking was better. Probably largely due to system assistance, of course, but it was still nice to hear.

"Sorry," the white-haired reincarnated devil said, leaning her back against his, as if to emphasize how sorry she was. To be honest though, the fact that she kept eating the snacks was more telling, at least in regards to her opinion on the snacks.

"Shirone's been naughty~ She should be punished~" Kuroka joined in playfully. Joshua was more exasperated than annoyed by her words and tone though. Mostly because he was foreseeing something and- "Like having to discard one of her cards~"

"I'm not going to help you cheat, Kuroka," he replied flatly, rolling his eyes even if neither of the sisters could see him. Then again, maybe they could sense it, if they were paying attention.

"But those cards are broken~" the older sister whined.

"They are not. I tested them," Joshua argued just as flatly. Boy, had he tested those. He had nothing but free time those days, so he'd spent plenty of it just playing card games against everyone that wanted to humor him, like Kunou, Koneko and several other people, if less than with those first two.

Granted, playing wasn't the only thing he did through his days, but it was a very big part. His schedule was considerably more free, considering the strict "don't strain yourself" limitation that had been put on him. It was a wonder that he was even allowed to go teach at House of Water. He suspected the only reason people let him do that was because it wasn't really a demanding job and he actually kind of liked it.

"They are more or less even, from what I could see. You shouldn't be losing so consistently, at the very least," he added with a shrug.

"Sore loser," Koneko said and Joshua thought he picked up some smugness bleeding through there. He was fairly sure that she only wanted to say the last word, really. He'd have laughed if he wouldn't rather not get in trouble.

"You are really corrupting my sister, Joshua. I thought you were good~" Kuroka exclaimed dramatically and he imagined she was posing and all. A smile tugged at his lips as he shook his head.

"I know right? I'm so proud of her," he said, just as exaggeratedly. Behind him, he heard Koneko join in with what he thought was a positive hum. The girl was difficult to read on a good day, nevermind with his back turned to her and with something as vague as a hum.

"You are so mean," Kuroka grumbled.

Taking a deep breath in, Joshua focused on the notebook on his lap. He was going over Project Awakening again. He was fairly sure that he was getting to the end of it. Or, at least, the end of the next attempt at curing the Sleep Disease. He could only hope it'd be the end for real this time. It'd be really nice to be able to scratch that from his to-do list.

Or, at least, he was going to do that, but he found himself a little too weary.

He was getting better though, admittedly. He tired less quickly. His mind was starting to work appropriately. His energies were going back to normal recovery rates. Everything was getting back into place. A few more days to a week and Joshua expected he'd be in top shape.

Which was great, because the break was nice, but he'd rather go back to his routine and feeling healthy.

The weightless feeling of his self was something he could do without.

It was very unnerving.

[}-o-{]​

"You weren't kidding when you said this world is dangerous."

"I wasn't," Joshua confirmed with a solemn nod, bringing his can of beer to his lips and not taking his eyes off the TV screen hung on the wall. The bitter drink went surprisingly well with his underdog team being on the losing side of the match and his generally fairly tired body, as it turned out. "I'm a little insulted that you thought I was though."

"Can't blame me for that. You have a very skewed vision of the world, be it mundane or supernatural," Aika all but accused. Joshua almost felt more insulted with that, but… she did have somewhat of a point, he supposed. It wasn't like he was completely unaware of his fairly odd views.

It was just that he didn't see them as odd, he supposed.

"I don't know, Aika," he said either way, because he refused to just give up without a fight. "Issei seems to have understood. Maybe you just aren't as smart as you thought you were."

"Excuse me?!"

"I feel like that's a backhanded compliment at best, Joshua," the aforementioned teenage boy commented dryly, to which Joshua shot him with an amused half-smile. This didn't seem to be nearly as funny for Issei as it was for him though.

"Stop going on tangents," Aika hissed and he turned towards her as he took another gulp from his beer. "Was that kind of thing… normal?" she asked and he didn't need special skills to know that she was worried. It was written all over her face and posture. "Because from what Issei told me… and what I got out of him through a lot of questions, it was…"

"Yeah…" he said bitterly, idly moving the can in his hand in circling motions. "Not quite as bad, usually, but Issei's the kind of guy that'll get dragged into those situations a whole lot. It's the fate of the Red One," he explained, turning to look at the two teenagers. "It's fine if you want to blame me for that mess, but the truth is that all Red Dragon Emperors I've researched have led… interesting lives. They just can't avoid it, it seems."

He had confirmed that more or less since the very moment he took Issei under his wing, back when he'd just been a pervert working at his cafe. It didn't really help him feel less guilty about dragging him into that fight with Khaos Brigade, admittedly. What it did was make him wonder how that worked. Maybe it was one of those strange "dragon" things?

"We don't blame you," Aika said, looking surprisingly honest, while Issei nodded firmly. The girl looked a little more unsure about her statement, even if it didn't look like she thought it was a lie. The boy though? He looked hundred percent sure.

The crazy bastard.

"I guess I'll just be grateful for that," Joshua replied with a weary smile.

"I want to study more," Aika declared, catching him a little off guard. "And I want to take classes at House of Water, if you can arrange that," she added, making his eyebrows rise. "I'm sorry if it's asking too much, but I want to… No, I need to be more if I want to be part of this world. Especially so if I want to stick with this idiot," she explained, jabbing her thumb towards her boyfriend.

Said idiot grinned in a way that very much fit that way of addressing him.

"It's not much at all," he told her, waving off her seriousness and doubts. "I can get you in a class with a call," he added, taking another gulp from his drink. 'Hm, almost done. I'll have to look for another,' he mused idly before blinking as the can seemingly refilled itself. 'Thanks, Neph,' he projected distractedly.

The goddess didn't seem to appreciate the nickname, but the rest of the Egyptian deities found it positively hilarious.

"Anything I can do?" Issei asked, to which Joshua smirked. "That's not getting my ass kicked?"

"No such luck for you, buddy," he answered, making the boy deflate. "Now, don't you two love birds have somewhere to be? I'm sure you have better things to do with your time than keeping me company. Go on a date or something. Don't be cheap, Issei. I know I pay you well."

Aika snorted as Issei gasped as if he'd insulted his entire family line.

"No can do. Your adorable daughter asked us to keep you company and that's what we'll do," the girl argued and he clicked his tongue. He knew it'd been a mistake to bring Kunou there for the afternoon. The little one had needed to go do some stuff with her mother, politics stuff that Joshua wasn't really all that interested in, but not before saying a bunch of unnecessary things.

He was sure Aika and Issei wouldn't shut up about it for quite a while.

"Stubborn," he scoffed, drawing amused reactions from both of them. "I'm sure you just want to rub it in our face that you chose the winning team."

"That's what you get for picking the "underdog". Information should be used appropriately, not on whims," Aika told him and he chuckled.

"No wonder you chose Divination Magic," he commented idly, looking towards the TV once more. Well, at least the team Issei and him had picked was putting up a fight. That was more than they could say for the first half of the match.

"Damn straight," the girl agreed proudly, making him smile a little wider. Idly, he glanced around at the two teens sitting with him, the board full of pictures of his family he'd set up some time ago and the match going on in the screen. It was a nice atmosphere, he mused to himself.

'Very nice,' he thought, bringing his beer to his lips.

[}-o-{]​

"You just can't help yourself, can you?" Jeanne asked and he gave her a guilty smile. "Would it kill you to not tinker for a day or two?"

"At this point?" he asked, rubbing the back of his head. "Probably," he admitted with a chuckle while she sighed. "I like doing this," he defended, even though he knew it was a very weak defense. After all, there was a very easy, very quick way to shut it down.

"It's still effort, Joshua, and you are supposed to be resting," his sister replied, giving him a flat stare. "But I guess it doesn't matter anymore. If Yasaka, Serafall and Kunou weren't able to do anything, I won't either."

"I'm feeling a lot better already," he mumbled, looking at the notebook he held in one hand, even if he didn't get back to work. His mind was kind of distracted at the moment, what with Jeanne nagging.

He wasn't even lying. He felt pretty great. There was some occasional lingering issue from his overuse of divinity, but nowhere near what it had been the day after the attacks. Joshua was making great progress in his recovery.

Besides, there was something he could do only while he recovered and that was trying to find ways to heal better from divinity use. The system didn't seem to agree much with that, considering he hadn't been given any sort of resistance to the stuff, so he'd have to find something to do about it on his own. That was why he was trying to pick up on as much as he could and come up with a spell array that'd help if he needed to recover from such a thing in the future.

He hadn't delved too much in soul stuff, but it had been necessary for Project Ascension and some other things, so he wasn't completely clueless either. Unfortunately, that wasn't quite enough, but he was getting places. There was some irony in the fact that he might recover too quickly for him to get a good look at things with his spells and senses so that he could tinker a spell array for that.

'Might need to do some controlled experiments with this at some point,' he thought with a frown. Wasn't quite all that different from his regular resistance training, he supposed, but it felt more… dangerous. Alas, it was the only thing he could do if he wanted to get anything done on that front.

"Still, you'd probably recover faster if you relaxed, don't you think?" Jeanne asked him and he didn't necessarily disagree with her. However, there was something she wasn't quite getting.

"I'd bore to death," Joshua replied with a wry smile. He was already spending a lot of time playing and just chatting with people, but still. There was only so much he could do that. He wasn't a very people person to begin with, for one. He was also used to a much more… productive routine and one that he enjoyed, so sitting around and doing nothing just didn't work for him.

"... I give up," Jeanne sighed, deflating. "I'm gonna get some snacks, do you want some?"

"Sure. Just don't try to cook, please," he commented, getting a sound that was somewhere between a groan and a huff from his sister before she left. He followed her with his eyes until she stepped out of the living room. After that, Joshua relaxed on his couch, letting some of the exhaustion that he didn't want others to see show. "I know, I know," he mumbled, glancing at the accusing gaze of Nagini, who was curled up outside the window to his side.

Focusing on his body and his breathing, Joshua tried to calm his mind, which was no easy feat. He usually needed something to occupy his thoughts. It was why he always had a project or something else to work on. He didn't do well with idle time. With how tired he was though, it was somewhat easier… and also harder, with his scattered mind.

At that moment though, he found that he was fairly relaxed. Maybe he could take a moment to-

[Quest Complete: Fend off Khaos Brigade's Attack

Delayed Rewards:

+ Perk Update: Territorial Imperative

+ New Perk: Retribution

+ Perk Update: Minor Blessing of Egypt

+ New Perk: Blessing of Egypt

+ Title Update: Ward Authority

+ New Title: Domain Authority

+ Title Update: Great Column]

Joshua blinked, but before he could even begin to process the contents of that screen, a new one appeared. This second one was much brighter than the other. That was to be expected. After all…

[Quest Complete: Find a new wielder for Incinerate Anthem

Rewards:

+ 20 levels to Heat Resistance

+ 20 levels to Light Resistance

+ Perk Updated: Holy Element

+ New Perk: Greater Holy Element

+ Perk Partially Revealed: ######### of God]

'Oh… kay,' he thought, blinking at the two screens as he looked at them side to side. 'Territorial Imperative?' he called first, decidedly deciding to leave that very last thing for some other day because… He didn't have the emotional bandwidth to deal with that at that moment.

[Territorial Imperative

Increases all stats by 200% when inside an area heavily under the user's spells.

Increases all skill effects by 200% when inside an area heavily under the user's spells.]

'Basically better than the previous one and counting anything, not just wards,' he summarized to himself, tilting his head. 'I have to find a way to stop Annihilation Maker, because this would have been great if he couldn't just break my arrays whenever he feels like it. Anyway… Retribution.'

[Retribution

Increases all stats by 100% when acting against someone that slighted the user recently.

Increases all skill effects by 100% when acting against someone that slighted the user recently.]

'This system is getting more and more vague by the day. What counts as recently? The same day? The same week? The same hour? The same month?...' Obviously, he didn't get an answer to any of his questions, but he didn't expect one, really. 'Blessing of Egypt, Great Column.'

[Blessing of Egypt

Increases the potential of the user.

Increases the ability of the user to learn.

The user can access the powers of the Egyptian Gods to an extent.]

[Great Column

The Egyptian Pantheon will back the user in matters they can agree to.

The Egyptian Pantheon might personally help.

The Egyptian Pantheon might not help if they don't agree with what the user does.

#?]

'... Huh?' he thought, blinking repeatedly. He didn't know what he'd expected, considering those were a very weird Perk and a just as weird Title, when it came to his system. However, the fact was that they remained the same, really. Just that Minor Blessing of Egypt had changed to just Blessing of Egypt. Great Column hadn't even changed the name. '... Whatever, Domain Authority?'

[Domain Authority

Increases the growth speed of Magic and magic related Skills by 100%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Spells by 75%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Wards by 125%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Hexes by 125%.

Increases the efficacy and efficiency of Boons by 125%.]

'Well, I'm not complaining about this one, that's for sure,' he thought, eyes a little wider. Yeah, that was going to be a great title to have, no doubt about it. He couldn't see himself changing it, really. What'd he even change it for? The only one that stood half a chance was Great Column whenever he might need to throw his weight around in a way that didn't involve his main magics. 'Now, Greater Holy Element?'

[Greater Holy Element

Allows the use of Holy Artifacts and their effects are enhanced.]

'Pretty nice. Wonder what I'd have to do to get the Demonic equivalent. Not really fair on Setan Kober as it is,' Joshua mused to himself. Something related to the devils, he was sure, but he'd have to check that at some other point, he supposed. 'Now, what el… Wait a second, Light Resistance.'

[Light Resistance - Lvl 101/150

Determines the user's ability to withstand light attacks.

Decreases the effectiveness of light attacks against the user by 101%.]

'What the fuck?'

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

She walked calmly, making her magic staff spin with one hand as she hummed the theme song of her show.

It wasn't often that she got some time to herself those days, but that wasn't something she regretted, really. She was often with the people that mattered to her, after all… When she wasn't working, that is. Still, it did make that moment a little special, she supposed. With nothing but her own thoughts to hear and nobody to look at her, Serafall felt the smallest bit freer, the smallest bit more calm.

Almost like how she felt when she was with her family, or Joshua, or maybe Yasaka and Kunou. Almost, but not quite. It was a different kind of freedom and peace. The one where her mind was quieter and she was able to relax in the silence.

Unfortunately, she couldn't really enjoy that to its fullest. Instead, Serafall was a woman on a mission right then and there. She had places to be, things to do and time not to waste. Even with all that though, there was no real rush. She'd cleared her schedule as best she could and it had turned out that she'd gotten more time than she would need.

Good thing too, since she didn't like to be in a hurry… and she wanted to take her time with this.

It'd be a different kind of enjoyment, she supposed. Nothing like being with her family, hanging out with her friends or going on a date with Joshua. No, instead, this would be more… cathartic, or so she hoped. She really did hope that, because if it wasn't… then someone would have to deal with her annoyance.

Eventually, her feet stopped and she looked at the building in front of her. With her destination in sight, Serafall took a second to look at it. There was nothing that really stood out. Neither mundane nor supernatural people would have given it more than a passing glance. It was an old building, but not old enough to stand out for it. It looked abandoned, but not uncared for enough to catch attention.

Serafall supposed the appearance of the place mattered very little though. She was in the right place and that was what was important. She'd made absolutely sure that she'd get where she needed to, because otherwise people would feel her displeasure and nobody would like that.

Some people thought Serafall was nice and fun all the time.

Those people were wrong.

The cheerful smile of Levia-tan shifted into the sharp grin of Serafall Sitri and she brought her staff up. Then, in one swift motion, she slammed it down on the ground in front of her. It was all dramatics, of course, but she'd found that being dramatic helped channel emotions much better.

And oh did she have emotions to channel.

She stared ahead at the now completely frozen building. People thought something being frozen with magic needed to be covered in ice like it was a glacier. That was amateur work though. What she did though? It made the building look exactly the same, except for some details here and there like the foggy surface of the windows, previously clear if a little dirty.

With a giggle, Serafall walked forward and into the building. There were many people around, all of them stopped right where they were, like time itself had been frozen, their eyes clouded as they stared forward. Their expressions showed nothing, because none of them had had a moment to react to what had happened to them.

Serafall didn't pay them much mind though, because she needed to get somewhere.

Pushing the last door open, she stepped into an office.

"Hello there," she greeted, her voice cold as her magic and the smile on her face sharp like a blade made of ice. Her response was a muffled sound from the half-frozen person. "You are going to tell me everything I want to know and I won't show you the worst possible death that ice magic can give you," she explained simply, none of her cheerful and playfulness.

Because she wasn't feeling very cheerful or playful at that moment.

During their attack, Khaos Brigade kept her out of the loop. They'd disconnected her and left her out of a situation that she very much needed to know about. They'd cut her off from people that she cared about when they'd needed her. Ultimately though, it was her that hadn't been there, their fault or not. It was her that felt absolutely useless when she learned of the fact and had been unable to do anything other than some administrative and support work afterwards to help.

Yasaka had been in danger. Kunou had been in danger. Jeanne had been in danger. Joshua had been in danger and he'd almost strained his mortal soul to the limits to pull through. Many of her new friends and people that she almost considered family already, all of them had been in danger… And she hadn't even known.

And it was all Khaos Brigade's fault.

The terrorist organization had done something that few people had done since the war.

They'd annoyed her.

So, there she was, unleashing some of that annoyance, so that she could keep up her act and not worry people more than they already were. The people closest to her were entirely too perceptive, which was also annoying because those were precisely the people she didn't want to know about her state. Alas, it was not to be, but at least she could do some little things to help herself and thus help them be fine.

One such thing was some therapy via the tried and true method of making annoying people suffer.

"Please, please tell me you aren't going to talk," she said, smiling a little wider. The person's muffled groans and huffs were all the answer she got, considering the semi-frozen state of their being. "Thank you. So kind of you to grant my wish," she told them.

Then she brought up her magical staff and tapped it against their forehead.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ladies and gentlemen, the strongest female devil. Turns out that annoying her isn't a good idea. Who'd have thunk?

Granted, nobody ever accused Khaos Brigade of being smart.

Otherwise this turned out to be a pretty chill chapter in the same being as the last few ones. For some reason, it's very easy and kind of nice to write these kind of recovery chapters. Maybe because I've been feeling a little burned out lately? Before any of you say anything though, I'm planning to take a break at the end of the year/start of 2025.

Long time coming, I'd say. I've not gone a week without posting in around 4 years. I've also been adding more and more writing to the initial amount through the years, which probably didn't help.

Anyway, moving on. We finally got around seeing the rest of Joshua's rewards, so I hope they felt worth the wait for you, guys. The balancing act of rewarding Joshua for the crazy shit he pulls off but not throwing him entirely into the OP category continues. I'm almost thankful for DxD's absolutely insane power levels.

Notes on the long side this time, but that's all for now.

Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you think is up with that Light Resistance?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 212 others
Adrian King
Sep 17, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 156 - Fall to Rise
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#641
Fall to Rise

"Interesting," Joshua mused distractedly, ignoring the annoyed, exasperated and downright angry feelings his familiars were projecting at him. Instead, he focused his attention on the back of his forearm. There, he could see a cut, bleeding the smallest bit and slightly burnt. His spells were quick at work already, so he didn't get their attitude.

"What is?" Raynare asked, standing almost at attention with a light spear in her hand.

"Nothing important," he answered dismissively. She understood that as the "I won't tell you" that it was and let the matter go without hesitation. She was quickly getting on his good side, Joshua found. It was nice to have someone that listened without questioning and who he didn't need to worry about in any way. "How's your control going?" he shot back.

"I'm still practicing. Incinerate Anthem is… odd," Raynare replied, extending one of her hands and trying to make a purple flame version of Margalo, flying and all. It was pretty good, as far as Joshua could see.

"Keep going," he told her and she nodded, doing just that. Joshua was only half paying attention though, more preoccupied with something else. The wound he'd just been inflicted by the fallen, to be specific.

Why had he ordered Raynare to do that? To test his Light Resistance skill. It had over one hundred percent light effectiveness reduction, which didn't really make sense to him. Even then, Raynare had been able to hurt him with a pure light attack, which only left him with more questions.

He had a few theories though and most of them were fairly weird. But then again, the system by itself was all sorts of incomprehensible no matter how one looked at it. There were flaws and oddities all over the place, nevermind the glitches. It was helpful, there was no denying that, but that didn't stop Joshua from wishing it'd make a little more sense.

That wasn't going to happen though, so he imagined it was better to just let go.

'Hmm, other people have buffs too?' he wondered with a tilt of his head, looking at Raynare's fire constructs even though his mind was on his now already healed arm. 'It'd make sense. Raynare might be able to go over 100% because she's a Fallen, probably has at least a Perk for that, like I have Human. Might have something else, some title or some… Actually, Appraisal.'

[Raynare

Title: Pillar of #########

Race: Fallen Angel

Gender: Female

Rank: A+

Strength: -S

Speed: A+

Dexterity: A+

Vitality: -S

Perception: A+

Magic: S

Life: B+]

'I'm not even surprised anymore,' he thought, looking at the blocked – 'or censored?' – text. After a moment though, he called for another screen, this time of his "partially revealed perk" and sure enough, it was the same number of characters. 'Interesting that,' he mused curiously.

There was no way that was a coincidence, was there?

Ultimately, titles were a thing for other people. He'd confirmed as much several times. So, those had to give them something, right? He didn't know how much of that the game took into account though, because it was obvious that the only one greatly affected by the game was himself, with the way the system pushed his skills and his self. For others though, it was more of… gamifying them for his perception only, like with appraisal turning their capabilities into stats.

Light Resistance was part of the game though and something that affected him, so he wouldn't be surprised if it assigned others titles and perks and maybe even skills that'd push their damage "over one hundred percent" so they could bypass the resistance. That was a little shitty, but it made some sense, he supposed.

'This reminds me though…' he thought, almost grimacing.

[######### of God]

'Of fucking God? The guy's dead though, pretty sure,' he thought, frowning. Was it just a god and not the god? Was it just a generalization of a deity instead of meaning one in particular? Joshua would have been much more confident in those theories if not for the odd censorship. There was also the fact that both revelations had come from things related to the Bible faction. Increasing Raynare's wings and finding a new wielder for Incinerate Anthem… No, there was no way it was someone else, right?

What was going on then? God should have been long dead way before he died and got dropped in the DxD world. 'Why can't things make sense when it comes to you, System? Why?' he asked in his mind and got no answer.

Fortunately, he got a nice distraction in the shape of Raynare.

He'd run out of energy to deal with his System as it was.

"It starts acting up at the weirdest times," Raynare commented when the flames started doing just that. She'd been doing great, but the more time passed, the more the fire went out of control, licking away from her objective shape until the structure fell apart and it turned into a vague shape made of purple flames. "I'm not tired and I'm doing exactly what I was doing before, but the Gear just won't do things as it did before."

Sure enough, her energy was fine and there hadn't been a significant shift in anything that he could see or sense. However, there was something that Raynare wasn't taking into account. Not that he could blame her, it was a unique little detail to her specific situation.

"Incinerate Anthem has a will of its own," he told the fallen and he could see her immediately understanding. It was an understandable thing to forget. It was, after all, one thing for one to be told that the Sacred Gear was a little odd and could get out of wielders and choose new ones, but it was another to try and fathom all the implications behind such a thing. "So, I imagine maybe it gets bored or doesn't want to bother with pointless exercise."

"But it's not pointless," Raynare half-hissed and half-growled. Alas, she was taking it too personal, as if the Sacred Gear had insulted her honor or something.

"It's a Sacred Gear, not a person. And everyone has different priorities," he explained calmly. "You'll have to get used to working with Incinerate Anthem, not just treating it like an inanimate tool."

"... I see," the fallen replied, pursing her lips.

"Don't worry too much about it. You've been doing well so far. No pressure," he reassured her with a wave of his hand. Maybe it was careless of him, but now that the "divinity poisoning" was almost completely out of his system, the danger was over and the hit Khaos Brigade had taken started sinking in, he found himself much more relaxed.

Somehow, the determined look on Raynare's face made him think his words had flown over her head.

Oh well.

[}-o-{]​

"What are you working on?" Kunou asked, draped on his back with her head peeking over his shoulder and her arms wrapped around his neck. "Which project is it?"

"New one," he answered with absently, noting some things down. He needed to be quick. He was running out of time. "Project Soul."

"Oh… That's a straightforward name, for once," she commented curiously and a little incredulously. "That's new."

"Is it?"

"Yeah-Wait," Kunou started before interrupting herself, eyes narrowing. "It's a deceiving name, right? I bet it's something that's got nothing to do with souls."

"Is it?"

"Yes, I'm sure. You always give your projects vague names that can mean a dozen things!" she exclaimed, as if accusing him of a crime or something. It was kind of very adorable and amusing, but Joshua held back his laughter and grin. "What is it? Something to do with spirits? maybe youkai? The devils?"

"Hmmm, I wonder," he said in the most bland voice he could muster.

"You are so mean!" she whined in his ear, which just made him want to be more "mean", as it were. There was something very entertaining about annoying brats. "Come on, tell me!"

"You said it was straightforward, didn't you?" he commented, voice just as flat as before.

"You are mean!"

"Am I?"

"Very," she mumbled, and he didn't need to look at her to know that she was pouting. "Stupid dad," she grumbled, poking his cheek as he continued writing. "Is it important?" she asked then, seemingly stopping sulking rather quickly. "You are very focused."

"I'm writing down all that I can about this before the opportunity slips away. I'm not sure I'll be able to get much information after this," he answered. His soul was healing and soon it'd be back to normal, which was great, but it kind of shot his idea to try and learn more for the next time in the foot.

"Am I bothering you?" Kunou asked, her voice changing once more, this time to soft and unsure.

"Not at all," he answered instantly and firmly. "Never," he added, his lips pulling into a smile. "Are you bored?"

"A little," she admitted, her arms hugging him a little tighter. "But I wanna stay here."

"Why? You can go play with Cheshire and the others if you want. Asia's always down to spend time with you too," Joshua told her, ready to tell her that no, he wasn't telling her that for her to go away. She was a child though. She got bored easily and sitting there doing nothing while he worked was probably worse than usual.

"You are here," was all that Kunou answered with and his pencil stopped moving over the page. He felt her small hands grip the front of his shirt as she buried her face on his back. "So… Can I stay here?"

"Of course you can," Joshua reassured her. It seemed that she was still getting over the attack. "You can do whatever you want, Kunou."

"I'll stay… here," she muttered, her voice muffled by his clothes. Even then, he heard the knot in her throat. He sensed the spikes in her magic and the turmoil in her essence.

The pencil in his hand cracked, but he swapped it for a new one with but a thought.

'This can't happen again,' Joshua thought, taking a deep breath in and running through Senjutsu exercises just to hide and keep himself a calm presence for Kunou. 'It just can't.'

Project Soul.

Project Everchanging.

Project Intelligence.

Those and many, many others. He'd work on all of them, for as long and as hard as he needed to. Because if Khaos ever became a concern for Kunou like they had twice already, then he'd have failed. And he'd be damned if he failed. He'd rather burn his soul with divinity until there wasn't even a speck left.

He'd lost too much already. He'd lost too many family members. He'd lost too much joy and wasted too much time. Joshua refused to lose any more.

"I love you."

"I'm proud of you."

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath in.

"Dad?" Kunou asked, bringing him back to the present. He had a lot of work to do. He had preparations to make. Yet… Kunou was scared. She didn't need him to work. She needed him.

"I think this can wait," he decided, relaxing his shoulders and pushing the notebook away. "How about you and I go save your mother from the boring paperwork and people?" he asked, turning and smiling at his daughter.

"You sounded like Auntie Serafall," the girl mumbled, but there was no denying the way her lips quirked up.

Maybe he was letting a chance pass him by, but he could just test divinity's effect on his soul at a later time. Work could be done later, when his daughter wasn't dealing with something that she definitely shouldn't be. Maybe he was making the wrong call, maybe he wasn't. Ultimately, he couldn't just not do something when she was like she was.

He just couldn't.

"She must be rubbing off on me," he replied, grinning at her and standing up. "So, what do you say?"

"She'll be mad," Kunou pointed out, not answering. He just chuckled and picked her up in his arms. She didn't resist. Instead, she hugged his neck and her expression brightened even more.

"She'll probably act mad and maybe she'll pout, but she looks rather pretty when she does, I think," he replied, grinning widely himself. "Don't tell her I said that though."

Kunou giggled at his words.

And Joshua didn't feel like he was making a mistake at all.

[}-o-{]​

"Will this cause trouble?" Asia asked, wringing her hands and unable to meet any of their eyes. Joshua just looked at her with a sad smile before turning to the other person at the table. Unfortunately, he knew they'd give an honest answer and that most likely would be-

"Some," Gabriel admitted, looking like she wanted to do anything but that. "But you shouldn't worry. We have done wrong by you enough. It's about time we evened the scales, Ms. Argento. Or should I say Ms. Davis now?"

Despite the fact that Joshua knew she wanted to argue, especially about the part about the "doing wrong by her" part, he saw her lips pulling into a smile at the last part. It made him smile in turn, but he knew it wouldn't end there. So, he had to step in before the negativity won the battle going on in Asia's head.

"Either way," he started before she could reply. "I'm sure anyone that would take issue with this isn't worth listening to," he said, glancing at Gabriel, who all but beamed at him.

"Indeed. Some people are too… stuck in their unbending beliefs. We are working on that still," the angel joined in, helping Asia relax, if not by much. The allusion to the Church's civil war probably both helped and didn't. It helped assuage her worries, but she didn't like hearing about stuff like that.

Alas, such was the world they lived in.

"Thank you," Asia said in the end, bowing her head to the angel. "And, um… Asia is fine… Or Ms. Davis, if you must," she mumbled, still looking down. Joshua grinned widely at that. He had a feeling that last part wasn't really necessary to say, but he liked to think she wanted to say that.

"Of course, Ms. Davis," Gabriel – observant angel that she was – said, maybe having picked up on the same thing as he did.

"I… I should go," Asia mumbled then, eyes still fixed downwards. However, instead of looking at her lap, she was looking at the document laid before her on the table. She moved to take it with shaky hands.

"It was good seeing you, Ms. Davis," Gabriel told her, watching the girl move gingerly with soft eyes.

"It was an honor," the young nun said, bowing once more before moving towards the door.

"Welcome to the family, Asia," Joshua told her and the girl stopped by the door. She didn't move for a long few seconds before giving a stiff nod and leaving. He didn't miss the way her shoulders had been shaking though.

"You are a very kind and giving man, Joshua," Gabriel praised, which made him smile. It was actually kind of awkward to be complimented by an angel like that, to be honest. How kind and giving could he really look like to a being of pure goodness like her?

"I just find joy in being able to make others happy," he replied, still looking at the door where his new sister had disappeared. "I actually feel a little selfish about that. Is it really all that good when it's done to feel good about myself?"

"I believe you are wrong. There's nothing wrong with taking pleasure doing what's right, doing good," Gabriel answered him with. "You don't believe yourself entitled to things because of what you do. You don't flaunt the good you've done or are doing, nor do you take pride in either. You simply do good for the sake of others and maybe, as you say, for yourself. Nobody is disadvantaged with what you do. I do believe you are being too hard on yourself."

"Well…" he went to reply, finding no words to do so. What was he supposed to say in response to such a speech? "... if you say so," he finished lamely.

"I do," Gabriel told him, looking fairly pleased with herself. "It's good to see you in better health, Joshua," she added then, bringing up her cup of tea for a sip.

"I think you said that when you arrived," he replied with a grin, grabbing his own. "But thank you. I'm not quite there, but it's nice to not be a burden anymore."

Somehow, the angel got an expression very similar to what he'd have expected from a lot of other people. Like Jeanne, or Yasaka, or Serafall. She looked at him with this… fond exasperation mixed with some resignation.

"You wouldn't say your family are burdens if the roles were reversed, would you?" Gabriel asked him mercilessly, making him grimace. He usually didn't get called out quite like that. Wasn't she supposed to be nice?

'Pure goodness my ass.'

"Also, now that I'm feeling better," he started saying, completely ignoring what she'd said. Judging by her expression, the angel seemed to find this fact extremely amusing. "I'll probably be able to start working once more. I'll try and make up for lost time too."

"You don't have to do that, Joshua," she told him and there was an odd firm edge to her voice. "You haven't been recovering for that long and you've done plenty for us. Worry about your health and not our problems, please."

"Your problems are my problems, if you recall," he argued simply with a smile. They'd had this conversation already. If the Church and Heaven could get their house in order, then that was a more solid enemy for Khaos Brigade to face together with everyone else. "Besides, I have something to request from you and I might need more goodwill than I have."

"Oh?" That statement certainly seemed to catch her attention. "I find that hard to believe."

"That's what you say now," he replied, grinning. "I want whatever information your faction has on souls."

[}-o-{]​

[Penemue]

The atmosphere in the room was… tense.

Not that she was particularly surprised, but she had to point it out all the same because it wasn't what one could call inconsequent. The animosity permeating the place was almost palpable and Penemue felt so very small, being one of the targets of such. Beside her, Azazel seemed just as at ease as he normally was, but he was Azazel.

Even a Cadre like her had to admit that for anyone else below his level, this was… a lot.

Once more though, she wasn't surprised. They'd come to the meeting expecting things to go South and to do so quickly. Vali Lucifer had, after all, done something that reflected horribly on Grigori. Saying it like that didn't even do justice to what the Divine Dividing wielder had done.

He'd been part of the attack on Kyoto, turning the Youkai faction instantly into an enemy.

The Youkai, in turn, had been building an alliance of sorts with the Devils and Heaven, weirdly enough, which turned them into their enemies too.

There they were then, at the receiving end of Yasaka's and Serafall's glares. Gabriel wasn't openly showing much, but the indifferent expression and split second side-eye she gave them before actually looking at them every time spoke more than even the other two's expressions and auras. From a pure angel, that might as well have been foaming at the mouth. She didn't know what Azazel had in mind to explain themselves, but she hoped it was good.

She didn't fancy dying, quite honestly.

Fortunately – or unfortunately, depending – things hadn't gotten started yet. There was one person missing from the meeting and the three women across from her had insisted on waiting. Which was odd, because Joshua Davis might have been part of those gatherings, but he hardly participated other than throwing some comments or correcting Leviathan's worst tangents.

Yet they had still wanted to wait for him. They'd even delayed the meeting until that day because of him, she was sure. No way they hadn't held the event before for something other than that. It was the only thing that made any amount of sense and not even that much.

She expected Davis had just recovered from the whole ordeal enough to go there. He'd been affected by the attack, after all, she knew. Word had spread like wildfire through the Magician community about how Joshua Davis had absolutely decimated Kokabiel and a bunch of high level devils at House of Water. There was even proof, through some shaky and less than idea recordings, magical and mundane both.

Furthermore, he'd gone on to Kyoto right afterwards, which couldn't have been easy.

Surely he was out for the count until the-

The door opened and, as if to prove her thoughts wrong, in came Joshua Davis.

Penemue could hardly believe her eyes.

He was fine.

He walked in with his loose dark jeans, black sneakers, white undershirt and open red flannel shirt. There was no weakness, no lasting injuries nor… anything that stood out. He walked in like he would have any other meeting.

'No… Not quite,' she noticed, feeling her already tense and straight back try to become even more so. Usually, the man would arrive with a half-bored expression that said he'd have rather been elsewhere studying and working on his spells. Before, he'd gone to them out of a sense of responsibility and as the person that had basically caused the whole thing.

Then and there though, he walked with his head high, expression firm and eyes that locked on Azazel and Penemue. She gulped, feeling like those blue irises might as well have been spell circles pointed at her. From a man that had defeated Kokabiel – someone stronger than her – and his group – devils that seemed to be at least as strong as her –, it was a very, very worrying sight.

"Sorry for the delay," he said, his voice even, but so very different from his usual low and unassuming voice. After her long life as Chief Secretary, Penemue had no doubt in her mind as to what kind of presence Joshua Davis was at that moment, in that meeting and taking the seat across from Azazel. "Azazel, Penemue," he greeted, eyes narrowing the smallest bit.

He singled them out from the very beginning.

Of course he did.

"Joshua-"

"That's Mr. Davis to you," the human interrupted her leader, expression unchanged. Penemue didn't need to be a genius to know what that meant, coming from that particular man.

"Mr. Davis, of course," Azazel corrected seamlessly, as if nothing had happened. As if it were all business as usual for him. Even after so long working for him, Penemue had to admit that he could still shock her, like he did at that moment. "I'm very sorry to hear about what happened. I had no idea-"

"Don't lie to me, Azazel," Davis interrupted again, firmly this time. "I don't know what kind of fool you think I- No, we are, but I don't recommend doing that," he said.

Then, as if someone had flicked a switch, the man's presence changed. Suddenly, he wasn't just an impressive human in a room with leaders. He was a leader in a room with leaders. Penemue felt smaller than she ever had in that room with those people, realizing that she was the tiniest of them all, and with a humongous difference.

"There's four factions that your pet Longinus pissed off, Azazel. And I don't know how much, but I know you knew something. You won't fool me into thinking that kid got the better of you," Davis continued speaking then, leaning forward and staring even more intently at them. It made Penemue want to inch away. "I hope you have good explanations, because if you don't…"

He didn't say anything after trailing off, but there was a very well implied threat there. It showed not only in his presence being joined by bloodlust, but also in his body. His blonde hair started shifting into golden feathers and his eyes turned into ember falcon eyes.

"I think I got it," Azazel said, keeping some casualness there, but much more serious than he would usually be. It was a rare sight, to be sure, but that didn't improve the atmosphere any.

"I hope you do," Davis replied with a nod. "I have one more thing to tell you before we start this though."

"And that'd be?" her leader asked, eyebrow raised.

"Vali Lucifer will die," Davis declared with the authority of a leader that left no room for arguments and dared others to try and make them anyway. "Every single one of the people directly involved in the attack at Kyoto will die."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

A chill recovery chapter once more and…

I feel like I shouldn't be surprised with that end of chapter after the last one, but here I am. Maybe I'm just dumb and can't predict something to save my life? Is that what's going on? Am I just stupid?

Sad thing to learn on a Monday of all days, but here I am. (I'm editing this on Monday, if it wasn't clear).

Anyway, hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you think Project Soul is?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 231 others
Adrian King
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 157 - To Try to Change and to Search How
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#653
To Try to Change and to Search How

"I shouldn't even bother, should I?" Sairaorg asked him and Joshua just smiled at him. "Figures," his friend said, shaking his head. He might be a muscle brain, but even he knew a lost battle when he saw one. Joshua was only so lucky that his battle maniac tendencies didn't extend to arguing with him, or things might have gotten complicated very quickly and a long time ago.

Instead, Sairaorg just let the matter drop and stayed beside his mother, holding her hand.

"She's pretty," Kunou mumbled, peering at the sleeping woman from the opposite side from Joshua's devil friend. She seemed to have drawn every bit of politeness and tact that she had in her since she tagged along when Sairaorg offered for her to. Apparently, even his friends had a soft spot for his daughter.

Not that he blamed them.

"She is, isn't she?" Sairaorg replied with a sad smile.

Joshua, for his part, didn't quite know what to say. He wanted to apologize for her or say something about her. However, his friend had been the one to invite her. Maybe Sairaorg had wanted someone else there, some brightness in case things didn't go well. Kunou could bring anyone's mood up, after all, and Joshua could attest to that.

"Is she nice?" his daughter asked and he held back a smile. Yeah, she had things well enough in hand without even trying. She definitely didn't get that from him, he was sure.

"The nicest," Sairaorg answered with his own slight grin before the two started talking about the woman in question.

So, instead, Joshua patted her head and moved on to what he was there for. With a deep breath in, he pulled on Nephthys and Osiris to help him through the attempt against the Sleep Disease. From there, it was time to start casting spells and keep a close eye on Misla's energies. He'd had plenty of time to come up with an improved array and he could only hope that things would go better.

He didn't want to be too optimistic, but he was kind of failing at that.

Tuning out the voices of the other two people in the room, Joshua went through the order of spells for him to cast at the space on the corner of the room. It would never not be a little odd to be in such a huge empty room where Misla rested tucked in a corner. Alas, he kind of needed all that open area to lay down his boons, wards and hexes.

Eventually, the very last hex was laid down, which was the last on the order of three magic branches he used there. Boons were the kindest, so they went first, targeting Misla herself and readying to help her. Hexes were the mean ones, going last and attacking the Sleep Disease as best as Joshua could make them do so. Wards were the neutral ones, filling the voids between the two, both in the order and in functionality.

"Everything's ready," he said, mostly to Sairaorg, taking a deep breath in while his friend nodded grimly. Evidently, he was also doing his best not to get his hopes up.

"It'll be fine," Kunou reassured, moving to stand beside the devil and taking his hand. "Dad's awesome."

"... That he is," Sairaorg agreed with a nod, his expression relaxing. 'No pressure,' Joshua thought to himself with a wry smile that seemed to bring some amusement to his friend. Well, so long as he felt better… Now he just needed to not fail miserably.

'Easy,' he thought, gulping to push down his nervousness.

If he failed, at least he was pretty sure he'd get plenty of data for the next attempt. He needed to focus on that. So, that's what he did, triggering the spells into action. Some of them got to work right away, some others laid waiting for the right moment. Like when the energies fluctuated, signaling the condition shifting and the Sleep Disease reacting.

'So far so good,' Joshua thought, keeping his mind as focused as he could on how things were going. Now that he knew about it, he could feel the strain in his soul that channeling two gods was putting it through. However, it was also very minor, compared to what had likely gone on during the Khaos Attack. It was easily ignored, especially in the face of something much more important.

"Sairaorg," Misla said, waking up.

"Mom!"

"I'm awake… again?" the woman asked, apparently a little confused. From her comment the last time, Joshua wondered if she really had some kind of notion of what went on around her. Alas, his curiosity would have to wait until he fully got her out from under the disease's thumb.

"You are, mom," the son answered, evidently a little overwhelmed by his emotions. "You are," he repeated, as if trying to convince himself.

"It's so… good to see… you…" Misla told Sairaorg, mustering the smallest of smiles as she laid on her bed. The healthier devil wasn't deterred by her struggling speech or her weak body, moving forward and taking his mother's hand in his.

More words were exchanged, slowly and with effort, but Joshua focused on other things. Mainly keeping his eyes on the progress of his attempt. The Sleep Disease was still clinging to Misla, proving to be much more troublesome after it had fully taken hold than while it was growing, like with Soren. That was expected though, but no less frustrating.

"So… you and Kuisha… finally together?"

"Wha-No," Sairaorg answered with a teary chuckle. "No, this is Kunou. She's Joshua's daughter. He's the one that woke you up."

"I think… I remember," the woman said, managing to turn her head to follow her son's pointing finger. Joshua gave her a smile, hoping he didn't look too odd because of the deities' appearance influence. He probably did though. Between Nephthys' dark circles and pitch black hair and Osiris' death-like complexion, he probably looked like a goth… sans the clothing. "Thank you," the woman breathed out.

He looked at her with a sad smile.

"You can thank me when you are cured," he replied, feeling her slipping through his fingers once more. Except, there was a very, very important difference this time. It wasn't that she'd been awake longer, more strongly. No, it was that he'd picked up on something that he hadn't so far and something that he suspected hadn't even been there with Soren.

"Thank you, Joshua," Sairaorg told him, but he kept staring at Misla. "Picked something up?"

"Yes," Joshua replied with a firm nod.

"Then…"

"This is huge," he continued at his friend's prodding. "I need to write this down, but-"

"Then go," Sairaog told him, smiling and waving him away. "You've done a lot for me, Joshua. It was… It was overwhelming last time, but this… This is already huge. I couldn't ask for more, truly. I'm a devil though, so I hope you don't mind if I'm greedy."

"I don't, at all."

"Great," his friend replied, beaming before the grin dimmed when he turned to look at his mother. "With that being said, don't push yourself too hard, Joshua. As I said, this is already a lot. I can be patient, so take your time, alright? You can't cure my mother by running yourself ragged."

Joshua had an argument for that at the tip of his tongue, but there was just something in the intent look Sairaorg was giving him that stopped them from being spoken. Instead, he just pursed his lips and nodded stiffly. It wasn't even that he was wrong, really. He was completely right. Joshua just… wanted to push for it. He wanted to get that out of the way, finish helping his friend get his mother back. Alas…

It'd take more time than that and he needed to accept it.

"Thank you," Sairaorg told him and Joshua wasn't even sure what he was being thanked for at that very moment. A number of things came to mind, after all. "Can you go by yourself? I'd like to stay here for a bit longer."

"Sure thing," he replied with a nod, moving to take Kunou's hand.

"Bye, Sairaorg," his daughter called, getting a sad smile and a wave from the devil. "Your mom was nice."

"Bye, Kunou, and thank you," his friend replied with a weak smile and a wave of his hand. "Keep your dad out of trouble, alright?"

"I will!"

With that… sort of cheerful note, Joshua and Kunou left Sairaorg to spend some time with his mother. 'Maybe I should visit my own parents,' he thought to himself. He'd been planning on waiting for the next year anniversary, because there was no need to torture himself by visiting more often.

But then again… it didn't need to be all pain, he supposed.

"Thank you," a new voice said, making Kunou stiffen and hide herself a little behind him. Joshua, for his part, schooled his features and turned to regard the man. He was probably the last person he expected to see, quite honestly.

"Don't mention it," he replied simply, planting his hand on top of Kunou's head and walking past Zekram Bael.

[}-o-{]​

"They are starting~!" Serafall all but squealed, shaking on her seat.

"They are," Joshua replied calmly, smiling at her antics. She'd been a little on edge since the attack herself, despite the fact that – or likely because – she wasn't involved in it. It was nice to see her be fully herself once again, if only temporarily. "I won't even bother asking for predictions."

"So-tan will win!" the woman exclaimed all the same.

"Never would have seen that answer coming," he replied, amused. On the other side of Serafall, Soren and his wife seemed even more entertained, probably both by their daughter and him. "Rias has worked hard though."

"It'll be sad, but she won't stand a chance," Serafall lamented, to which he raised an eyebrow. There was about as much chance of that not being biased as there was of him saying Kunou wasn't cute. Then again, there was a reason why he didn't think it was worth asking her to begin with.

"Rias did get her bishop unsealed," he pointed out, even though he knew it would change nothing for Serafall. If Sona had been pitted against Great Red, the woman would still think her sister would win.

Still, Gasper being out was surprising. Joshua hadn't quite found a good way to approach that, to be honest. Then again, it was also true that he might not have tried as hard as he probably could have.

However, it wasn't his problem to solve all the issues everyone had. He had his hands full balancing enough plates for a restaurant to use. Gasper's situation was sad and all, and he emphasized a lot with the agoraphobic dhampir, but still. He had people looking out for him. Someone else could deal with that.

And they had, evidently.

He didn't know what ripple had caused it and how directly it connected to him, if at all. However, Joshua was pleasantly surprised to see that even without Issei, Gasper had still managed to get out. 'Wonder how well he'll do.'

Perhaps even more surprisingly, the dhampir didn't look as bad as he'd have expected. He actually looked pretty calm. 'Maybe Rias has been able to work with him more?' Joshua wondered. Sirzechs' sister hadn't had to deal with any of the issues that canon had brought her, so maybe that'd allowed her to do things she wouldn't have otherwise?

'Now that I think about it, I've basically messed with all the plots that'd have popped up so far, haven't I?' he thought then, blinking. Raynare, Riser, Kokabiel, the Peace Meeting. 'I've wrecked more canon than I thought…'

Oh well, he wasn't overly fond of canon to begin with and it was all the fault of whoever had decided it was a good idea to take away his memories for so long.

"So what? So-tan has trained a lot and she's super smart!" Serafall argued strongly. She wasn't wrong about that, of course. Her sister had been working tirelessly to improve herself and her peerage, whether during training sessions at his place or on their own time. She also had a mind to behold, really. Playing chess and cards against her was a nightmare… a fun one, but a nightmare all the same.

Still, Joshua refrained from telling his partner that Rias had worked just as hard if not harder and she wasn't necessarily stupid. It was true, of course, that Sona could run circles around the Gremory when it came to strategy. It was also true, however, the Rias' peerage had a lot more power than Sona's, even without Issei, Asia and Xenovia.

Being honest, Joshua thought the Rating Game could go either way.

"We'll see, I guess," he replied noncommittally. Predictably, Serafall poked his side with her finger, punishment for not fervently supporting her little sister. One way or another though, he didn't really care. Sure, he knew the Young Devil Gathering – Now turned Tournament? He wasn't too clear on the specifics, really. – was important for Sona and Rias, but for him? For him, it was almost irrelevant.

He was there because it was important to Serafall – because it was important to Sona – and he thought they might as well use it as an excuse to spend time together. He had more important things to be actually invested on than that, since he wasn't particularly close to either of the devil teenagers. To be honest, the one he cared about the most in that match was Koneko, really. And maybe Kiba, sort of, as Jeanne's boyfriend. Then there was Sona, as the sister of his partner.

Everyone else was a step or two below in the friend scale.

"Sona will be hurt if you don't cheer for her," Serafall told him with a pout, to which he raised an eyebrow at her. "She will!" she added, clearly indignant that he didn't believe her. Behind her, Lady Sitri giggled behind her hand.

"Somehow, I doubt that," he replied flatly, drawing a snort from Soren.

Sona didn't really care for the tournament thing either, he knew. She cared about her dream. Tangentially, it'd help her with that to make a good showing, but she didn't really need to win the thing. Which was good, because there was no way she would. Sairaorg was going to win it, of that Joshua had no doubt. Rias, Seekvaira and Zephyrdor were well within the realm of possibility though. Hell, the latter was an almost guaranteed win.

Ultimately, she didn't need to do well here. It'd help, but it wasn't a necessity. Between Serafall and Joshua, the girl would have all the support and backing she could need, especially once he finally managed to heal the Sleep Disease. Joshua might not be an official part of devil society in any way other than being in a relationship with Serafall, but as "part" of the Phoenix Spell creation and soon to be healer of the Sleep Disease, he'd have a lot of pull. And that was without taking into account all the external power he represented as Egyptian Pharaoh and having close ties with the Youkai, the Church, Heaven and House of Water.

If he decided to throw his weight around, Sona would have no issues setting up her school. The devils might just help her with that, just to avoid what Joshua could do to them. Being a public figure and politics were both a pain in the ass, but he had to admit that they could come in handy at times. And that was without taking into account that he had Ravel to take care of part of the load and Serafall and Yasaka to ask for advice so he wouldn't mess up.

"So-tan's so smart~!" Serafall said enthusiastically as the Rating Game got started. Obviously, there wasn't much going on right off the bat, but what did happen was both Kings getting started with their strategies and commanding their peerages. "Isn't she?"

"She sure is," Joshua agreed, without even having to lie or exaggerate. Sona was smart, and it showed in the way she predicted every move Rias would make. His memories of this match weren't all that clear, but he did remember her having Rias in the palm of her hand through most of it.

However, unfortunately, Sona had the problem of underestimating things when they got a little crazy. That was a fatal mistake in that world. DxD was hardly known for making sense. Maybe he was in some kind of tamer AU or something, but the supernatural world still had its eccentricities. As such, Sona tended not to miscalculate in regards to things that didn't quite fit in her "rational" world.

"Maybe too smart," he commented with a wry smile.

"Maybe," Serafall agreed, surprisingly, as she pursed her lips. Joshua had already found a hole in the Sitri's strategy. Alas, even though he'd tried to help her with that during their training sessions, he couldn't quite get rid of years and years of her doing things her way in such a short amount of time. Just like he hadn't quite managed to make Rias be less… lazy. "Be honest. What do you think?" she asked, her childish, playful persona been left aside the smallest bit.

"... forty-sixty," he answered, hazarding a guess. To be honest, those chances were fairly good to Sona, all things considered. Her peerage was laughably weaker than Rias' even without the members that he'd butterflied away from her. Kiba, Akeno and Koneko were just too strong compared to Sona's mostly normal-ish group. At least Sona had managed to take out Gaster fairly quickly.

"Hm, not bad at all," Serafall mumbled, before slowly putting her mask back on her face. Idly, Joshua noticed that her parents were trying and somewhat failing at hiding their curiosity. Evidently, it was a rare sight even for them to see the woman let up her act even a little. "I'm sure she'll pull through! So-tan is a magical girl at heart, after all!"

Joshua refrained from pointing out the truth, which was that the girl would have rather lost miserably instead of attributing her win to being a "magical girl".

Ultimately, the match went about as well as Joshua would have expected. Sona's plan held itself together very well… right up until one of Rias' group became less rational and more emotional. That's when things started unraveling around the Sitri girl. To her credit, even when her initial plans failed, she pulled pretty solid back up plans.

Alas, it was not enough.

Ultimately, Rias had too much power. The only reason they hadn't won in two seconds flat was because they weren't allowed to cause too much destruction in the Rating Game stage. Joshua suspected that either Serafall or someone else in favor of Sona or against Rias had set up that limitation. It was a bit… specific, after all.

Thus, Sona Sitri lost against Rias Gremory.

"You did great, So-tan! You'll get her next time!" Serafall told her sister once they met after the Rating Game. Unsurprisingly, those words of encouragement weren't really all that helpful. Joshua didn't blame her for that. Even as someone that knew the woman, sometimes it was difficult to take her seriously and Sona was probably not in the right state of mind.

"You did well," he joined in, trying to see if he could get the message across better. "Your strategy was sound and you adapted well when things didn't go as planned," he added, and he saw that he was getting through the girl.

"But?" she asked, shoulders slumping.

"But you lack power," he answered bluntly. There was no way she didn't know that though. So… "Your sister and I can help you with that though."

"We sure can!" Serafall readily agreed, hugging his arm and beaming at her sister.

Both of them took the slight smile on Sona's face as a win.

Especially Joshua though, considering the thank-you he got afterwards courtesy of Serafall.

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"So, this is your other apprentice?" Elizabeth asked as they both looked at the girl besides Joshua.

One Aika Kiryuu, that was who the man had brought. She didn't feel all that much power to her, but then again, this was Joshua they were talking about. The man had gone from nobody to… whatever it was that one wanted to call him those days. Agnes would be hard-pressed to underestimate anything concerning the man. His enemies might consider themselves superior, but she had no such delusions.

"She is," Joshua answered simply with a nod. Agnes wondered if he was deliberately ignoring how nervous the girl looked or if he was just that oblivious. It could be either or, really.

"And you want to learn… divination?" Agnes asked. It wasn't that she was looking down on it but… divination wasn't quite what she'd have expected. She didn't know why though, but she hadn't.

"That's a… tricky branch," Elizabeth commented, with what was probably the least insulting of the thoughts that crossed her mind then and there. Divination was unreliable at best in most cases. Any prediction of the future should be taken with not a grain but a mountain of salt. Any readings of the present were blurry and often up to interpretation. Looking into the past was the most useful thing they could do, which wasn't something to underestimate, but still…

"That's right," Joshua was the one to answer, as the girl drew into herself. She likely realized what they were thinking, even if the man didn't. Agnes wondered if Levi had informed her of what her choice meant for her and her future. "So, can you help her?"

"... We do have some diviners in the association," Agnes answered slowly, taking some time to process that. Maybe she should have dug deeper when she'd heard about Levi's classes with the girl, but she hadn't wanted to stick her nose in business that had nothing to do with her. Surely Joshua had a reason for asking for a private room for that, after all.

This posed a problem now though, because while she wasn't lying, the diviners at her association weren't quite up to the standards she'd have liked to have them teach. Least of all teaching someone that Joshua brought. No, they needed to give this girl the best education they could find her. That, however, couldn't be found in House of Water.

"If you want something up to your standards, however, we'll need to look elsewhere," Elizabeth finished for her and Agnes nodded reluctantly. Joshua regarded both of them for a long moment before nodding himself, slowly.

"That sounds fine, so long as you can guarantee that they'll be good teachers and nothing will happen," the man replied and there was the smallest bit more pressure put on both of them as he spoke. Evidently, he was much more on edge after the attack than they were. That was… to be expected though, she supposed. "I don't care how much of your debt you want to cover with this, but make sure there are no mistakes, alright?"

"Of course," Agnes replied, not even offended. She knew he wasn't trying to doubt her or insult her abilities. He was paranoid and she could understand that, even if it stung her pride.

"You shouldn't say things like that, Mr. Davis," the other girl beside Joshua told him and Agnes almost grimaced. Yeah, negotiating with the Phenex brat around would be a pain.

Not that she planned to scam Joshua, obviously. That'd require her to be a special kind of suicidal that she very much wasn't. However, the devil would make sure to squeeze all the value she could out of her. She might be young and inexperienced, but considering the crippling amounts of debt Agnes was buried in, she'd have welcomed any progress she could have made.

Alas, Phenex was there to ruin that for her.

"I don't mind giving them some incentive," Joshua said, waving off the counsel of the devil. "Just make sure that it's worth it, yeah?"

"Of course, Mr. Davis. Leave that to me."

'Fuck,' Agnes thought, paling a little bit. It seemed that negotiations would be troublesome. Then again, this was Joshua she was talking about, so…

She should have known better, really.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Nobody cares, but I rolled a d20 to see how the Sona-Rias match went and poor Sona rolled a 6. She'd have needed more than 12 to get a win, thus… Well, you saw how it went. Unlucky.

Other than that, we've made some more progress with the Sleep Disease, which is being particularly slippery. I've been thinking we are close to finishing it like three attempts ago. Alas, it just doesn't want to play nice, the meanie.

There's also progress with Aika, which… Let's be honest, I didn't see her being around a lot when I introduced her. Alas, she is, for whatever reason. Characters being characters, people, what can I say?

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How are you doing? Is everything fine? I hope so, and if not, I hope things get better. I've been doing… mostly fine, just not with a lot of energy, quite honestly, but that's almost nothing.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 217 others
Adrian King
Oct 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 158 - Down in the Forest-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#665
Down in the Forest-

Kunou squirmed in place to the side while both Yasaka and Joshua talked. He felt a little bad for her, truly he did, but this was a necessary conversation. If she'd done something to be nervous about, then that was her mistake and she'd have to own up to it and deal with the consequences. He spoiled her a fair bit and he had some real trouble scolding her or punishing her, but that didn't mean he'd just roll over… at least not all the time.

He knew, very well at that, how badly children could develop if one wasn't strict enough. Suddenly, he felt really bad for all the trouble he'd given his parents and he also felt his respect for them growing. Being responsible for the development of someone so… fragile, was very scary.

Yet, he didn't regret becoming Kunou's father, not at all.

"-apparently, she becomes distracted in his class," Yasaka continued, speaking about what Kunou's teachers had told her during a regular meeting. One was held every so often so that she could be informed on how things went and if there was anything she should know, be it good or bad.

A remnant from when she was a little more… detached from Kunou, but one that neither of them minded keeping. It wasn't like the girl herself was a reliable source of intel in that regard and they couldn't be sitting in for the classes. At least, Yasaka couldn't, still being busy as she was, and Joshua didn't feel like getting in the way of a teacher's job.

East Youkai Faction incident notwithstanding, their daughter's education was going fairly well and all the girl could complain was being bored. Such was the nature of classes, however, so neither of them really paid much attention to her whining. Yasaka had likely put up with it, he had to put up with it and now so did Kunou.

That was just life.

"-all in all though," Yasaka said, apparently reaching the end of the report. Maybe Joshua could sit in on those? He didn't think Yasaka would have a problem, but he still felt awkward asking. For as much progress as he seemed to have made, Joshua still got very nervous at times when it came to dealing with people, even those he was close with. "It seems that she's been doing well, despite the troubles," the woman concluded, unaware of his drifting thoughts… Or maybe not so unaware.

She could likely read his energies and pick up that something was going on in his mind.

With all that the woman had said though, Joshua focused once more and turned towards Kunou. He didn't say anything though, instead staring at her and, after a second, raising an eyebrow. This seemed to make the already uncomfortable and nervous girl even more so.

"What?" she mumbled, looking down and away with a slight pout. "Their classes are boring," she grumbled.

"Even so," he told her, making her hunch over, as if trying to make herself smaller. Joshua almost felt like just giving up and reassuring her. Alas, he needed to be strong. "Those classes are important for you. We've been over this already."

"I know," she muttered, still refusing to look up from her lap, where she was fidgeting with her hands. "I'm doing well though, isn't that what's important?"

"A good work ethic is also important," he told her. God knew he'd failed miserably at having one for the longest time. Something that his system seemed to have helped correct with the power of validation through numbers going up. It was a good thing that he didn't need such incentives anymore, because he saw less and less development as time went by when it came to the system.

"I know," Kunou all but whined.

"If you know, then do better," he told her softly, patting her head. "Ok? We're not doing this to be mean. You know that, right?"

"I know," she repeated. She was saying that a lot. It made Joshua wonder if she was just saying that because it was what they wanted to hear, but he didn't pick up anything from his sensing. "Feels like it at times though," she added under her breath.

"Just a little," he told her, trying to lighten the mood. It seemed to sort of work, making the girl look up to glare at her and intensifying her pout. "If I had to suffer through classes, so do you," he added with a grin.

"You're a meanie," she grumbled, huffing and looking away.

"I am," he agreed, ruffling her hair. "Now, I do believe you have homework to do and we don't want any more complaints from your teachers about that," he told her, trying to get her to go away before he caved even more.

'God, I'm a pushover," he lamented to himself as Kunou got up and left the room, grumbling all the way.

"Well, that was handled better than I thought," Yasaka said with an amused smile on her face. "Good job."

"Why did I agree to be her father?" he asked, deflating and grimacing. "I suck at this. All I wanted was to tell her it was fine so she'd be happy."

"Such is the hard life of a parent," Yasaka told him, bringing her cup of tea to her lips. "You'll get used to it, though it'll never be easy."

"Being a parent sucks."

"Them being adorable helps a lot though, doesn't it?" Yasaka commented, leaving his statement alone. Apparently, she didn't disagree with that.

"I guess you aren't wrong about that," he replied, running his fingers through his hair. "So…" he continued, pushing his annoyance and receding nerves away. "You free now?" he asked, being about as subtle as a sledgehammer. He didn't really see the point in being subtle though.

"Did you have something in mind?" Yasaka asked, her placid smile widening a little.

"Well, I found a nice spot a little out of the way to spend an hour or two, if you want."

"Sounds lovely."

[}-o-{]​

In the peaceful silence of Asia's garden, Joshua sat with a notebook on his lap. Not a rare sight at all, to be sure. He liked to use the time where everyone else was busy, some with class, some with work and so on, to just spend time by himself working on magic. Well, by himself with his familiars. It wasn't often when he didn't have things to do himself, after all.

Fortunately for him, he could set up his class schedule however he wanted. It was just a matter of having Ravel talk with Agnes and that'd be that. Did he feel bad about strong-arming House of Water like that? A little bit, but to hear his secretary talk about it, they owed him so much that they should be pleased to accommodate him.

The Director had never seemed to take offense or anything, so Joshua assumed the girl was right.

Either way, it wasn't like he was setting ridiculous schedules or anything. He was just tweaking things a little to have the most time to himself… That he could afford without neglecting his family, his relationships and his friends. The balancing act was kind of difficult, but Ravel was once more a godsent in that regard. Maybe he could do something nice for her? He'd have to check with the girl. There had to be something he could do. Maybe loosen up the hold he had on the Phoenix Spell business a little?

He considered that might have been something they were aiming for, but if he was winning from the situation too, then he didn't mind.

Margalo pecked his ear, making him grimace. She was the one in charge of his attention when he got distracted though, so he just sent her a pained but still grateful feeling. She nodded and chirped something cheerful at him, adorable thing that she was.

He needed to focus on what he was doing.

Joshua was working on important things, after all. Something that wasn't new, but the recent attack had certainly relit a fire under him. He needed to make progress and he needed to deal some more hits to Khaos Brigade. Hexennacht had been a good start, but certainly not enough. The alliance of factions were slowly chipping away at them too, but the leaders… Those were not only the most troublesome, but also the most slippery. So long as one or two of them remained around, they'd continue to be thorn in his side… at the very least.

Attacking those leaders was something he didn't want to risk though. He was a defender, not an attacker. The problem was that his defense had one giant weakness in the shape of Annihilation Maker. All this led to a simple conclusion that he'd reached forever ago.

He needed to find a way to deal with the Longinus Sacred Gear.

So, that was what he was working on.

Project Everchanging.

Project Intelligence.

Maybe even Project Soul.

Morag clung to his back, nudging his mind with ideas about how to weave effects together. Where to lay the trap, how to do so, the effects and order, she gave opinions on anything that crossed his mind as he tried to come up with ideas for the array. Nice and artistic animal that she was, his familiar was also still a spider.

All projects that he could blend together into something that would, hopefully, keep Annihilation Maker from tearing holes through his defenses. Not only because it was very dangerous for everything Joshua wanted to protect, but also because it was so thoroughly galling. He spent hours, days, weeks, months in his defenses and the guy could just imagine a creature into existence that could destroy it all?

No.

Fuck that.

So, Joshua worked, going through old and new projects alike. He went through the information he'd gathered through his time in the supernatural, from books to personal observations, passing through experiments. All of that would help him make an impenetrable defense, or at least one that could only be pierced through with actual effort and/or consequences. He refused to just have it all amount to nothing.

His work, his training and his studying, all of that would be worth something and his enemies would see it, they'd deal with it. Joshua would be damned if he allowed them to just step all over his efforts like that again, especially while they were on their way to hurting and scaring the people most important to him. 'Domain Authority,' he thought, remembering the title he now wore.

He'd make them all see why he had that.

If they wanted to enter his domain, then they better be welcome or they'd pay the price.

Nagini hissed, pleased and in agreement, twisting her neck to look at him from the side from where she'd been almost napping behind him. She couldn't, but Joshua had no doubt that she was mentally grinning at the very idea. Besides that, she fed him the idea of letting her eat at least one of the bastards that dared threaten them and theirs.

She seemed to like that he didn't tell her no.

Back to his defenses though, the only ones he knew could break through without consequences were Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker. It was fortunate that the first had been dealt with rather quickly and easily. The latter was proving to be more troublesome, but Joshua had paths to follow for a solution. The easiest was the "creation Sacred Gear" aspect of it.

For a long time, he'd been able to tell there was a way to recognize Sacred Gear constructs, thanks to Jeanne. From there, he'd also noticed differences with Annihilation Maker's creatures. This last attack had provided even more information, what with all the deity power that had been flowing through him, enhancing his sensing and also the spells that had survived the siege to help out too.

Cheshire shared with him what she herself had sensed with her rather unique ability, developed all the way from when she was barely more than a normal cat. Because his first familiar was feeling rather motivated too, which pushed her to find ways to share even more through their bond. They were all working together, after all.

He had old and new information to consider.

'I can make this,' he thought, working on a spell that would detect Annihilation Maker creations specifically. From there, it was a matter of making something that'd find a way to counter something made specifically to counter his spells. That was shaping up to be a much bigger challenge than what he was working on, but one step at a time.

Nothing was impossible.

And if it was, then Joshua didn't care. He'd done things others considered impossible already. He could make himself the exception to one more thing. Because fuck Annihilation Maker and Khaos Brigade. He wouldn't let them scare Kunou like that again. He wouldn't let them put his loved ones in danger again.

No.

The next time they stepped into his domain, they'd all regret it.

That much Joshua swore.

All around him, his familiars sent their agreement through their bond.

[}-o-{]​

"I can't believe we are winning," Issei commented from beside him with a can of soda in hand while Joshua held one of beer. At the end of the table, between the two of them, Aika seemed very immersed in the divination book she was reading. Apparently, she was really trying to learn the branch like her life depended on it.

Which was a good approach, considering it could.

"I'd say you are being dramatic," he commented, taking a gulp from his bitter drink. "But we do have a tendency to lose, don't we?" he added with a half smile.

"That's because of your underdog love," Aika muttered and Joshua could see her rolling her eyes without even having to turn. Still though… that was fair. "Maybe pick an actually good team next time?"

"What's the point then?" he asked back. "I like being pleasantly surprised, like right now," he explained simply, shrugging.

"Once a year," the girl pointed out.

"Hasn't been a year," was his counterpoint. "But fair," he conceded anyway. He imagined that prediction could be right, after all.

"So, what's the occasion?" Aika asked, changing topics and making him blink and turn away from the football match. "You don't do this unless something happens, and it's never been good," she explained herself, to which he looked up. Well, his little ritual wasn't like that, but she wasn't wrong that he tended to get more into it when he had something to get over.

Like when Kokabiel had almost killed his family, which he'd drained all his magic for.

And when Khaos Brigade had attacked Kyoto and his soul had almost burned.

Still though, he did do it at other times too. It was something nice to keep his mind off of things when the myriad of things he was trying to balance. It really helped distract him and… Well, thinking about it again...

"Just trying to prepare for something," he said, eyes fixed on the screen once more. His expression blank as he took another gulp from his can. Nephthys was really earning herself a spot at the top of his favorite Egyptian deities, what with the infinite and perpetually cold beer can. He didn't know how the others could compare.

None of the gods seemed to appreciate that thought – other than the giggling goddess –, but tough luck.

Skill Issue.

"Do we want to know?" Issei asked, showing his concern much more openly than his girlfriend, even if they were both feeling it the same way. Joshua forced a slight smile to form on his face, even through the thoughts in his mind. It was going to be a long day and one that he wouldn't enjoy.

Alas, his hand was being forced.

"No, you don't," he answered honestly. They grew even more concerned and even a little scared. Thus, they were treated to another part of the supernatural world. Few, so very few people were pure and good. Even the angels had things that would give one pause. After all, they had taken part in one of the most brutal wars the supernatural had seen.

Joshua was just one more case.

Considering some of the things he'd seen, Joshua knew very well how ugly the world they lived in could be. He'd experienced it firsthand and his metaknowledge provided even more proof, even if it wasn't necessary. DxD might have had a very comedic and downright silly vibe, but if one looked further than canon Issei's narrow minded, shallow perspective? Boy, was it dark.

Being part of that wasn't something that Joshua liked, but alas… it seemed to have infected him thoroughly before he even realized. There were many deaths in his hands, for one, which were certainly not something to push aside. However, the first thing that came to mind was his treatment of the fallen trio and some of his experiments.

He'd been downright awful in a way that kept him up at night many times ever since. His anger had gotten the better of him for a long time and then he'd gone even further, a perfect example of sunk cost fallacy. Joshua's mind and emotions had turned him into something he hardly recognized.

It had taken him a long time to change and even longer to recognize how wrong that had been. Some might say he'd been justified and even be disappointed that he hadn't gone through with the things he'd said and planned. However, that wasn't him, not at all.

And now…

Now, he was about to voluntarily step back on that path, this time fully aware of what he was doing. It was much worse, he realized, which was why he was doing what he was. Maybe he was wrong to go through with it anyway, he supposed. It was a possibility and yet… he didn't think he'd regret it as much this time as with the fallen.

The supernatural seemed to be doing its best to wear him down.

"This is about those Chaos guys, right?" Issei asked, uncharacteristically serious, which brought Joshua's attention to the boy. "I almost want to ask to help if that's the case," he said, surprising him a fair bit. "You'd say no though, I'm sure."

"I would," Joshua replied, shaking his head with a weak smile. Truly, sometimes just always stayed the same. One such case was Issei, throwing himself at situations he had no idea abo-

"You'll make them suffer," Issei commented casually and he paused, eyes widening. "And they deserve it. They attacked your family," the boy said, as if that made all the sense in the world.

It was at that moment that Joshua was reminded that the pervert was the Red Dragon Emperor.

The Dragon of Domination.

"Can't say I approve," Aika commented, resolutely staring at the book in front of her. "But I know you. You aren't a monster," she added, sounding very confident.

Joshua kind of wanted to be that confident himself.

"You two are something," he replied, not even knowing what to say to the two. "I'll keep it in mind though. Get yourselves something good, alright? On the house."

"Nice," Issei cheered, instantly losing most of the cool points he'd earned himself.

That was reassuring, in a way, but not much.

Maybe they weren't as far gone as Joshua was, but he doubted that'd remain the case for long.

[}-o-{]​

[Walburga]

It hadn't been long, but she'd already gotten used to tuning out the screeches of one very annoying devil who was situated in the cell to her right… Which, by the way, why? Walburga knew Yasaka thoroughly hated her guts and all, being an enemy of her boy toy and all. Still though, why put the banshee next to her?

That was one cruel and unusual punishment.

She'd spent days thinking over what she could say or do to get some favor and get that woman away from herself. It was almost worse than being interrogated by the Nine-Tailed Fox. Almost, but not quite. Because that was a day she'd never forget for the rest of her life, Walburga knew.

How Katerea – she'd been forced to learn her name, with how much she screamed it for all to hear – continued to make a nuisance of herself after that, she didn't know. It'd have been impressive if it weren't so incredibly grating. Walburga wished she had Incinerate Anthem again just so she could burn her and finally have some peace.

Alas, she'd have to suffer, she supposed.

That is, until a click was heard through the cells and Katerea fell deathly silent. Everyone else had already been, but to Walburga, it seemed almost like there was more quiet than normal as everyone held their breath. Another click followed and then there were steps coming their way.

It wasn't Yasaka, that was the first thing she noticed.

It also wasn't the servants that made sure they didn't die in that hole.

That meant it had to be an unknown and Walburga wasn't looking forward to an unknown. Because, as far as she knew, there was a pretty good chance that whoever it was, it'd be someone that'd interrogate them even harder than Yasaka had. And that was saying a whole fucking lot.

At the same time, chances of them being good for them was almost zero, if not completely so.

"Long time no see," she heard and her face twitched at the same time as Katerea channeled her best – most powerful as of that moment – inner Karen. It made sense, but damn if Walburga didn't wish she'd be silent.

Alas, this was Joshua Davis that had come for a visit.

Apparently, from all the rambling and screeching, she'd gathered that the man had killed the devil woman's lover or something along those lines. Well, that and thoroughly kicked her ass too. On top of that, if some snippets she'd gotten here and there were accurate, he hadn't even deigned to face her himself, instead leaving her for his apprentice to take.

That had been an amusing thing to learn.

To her relief, once the man came within sight, he sent one look towards Katerea before snapping his fingers and making her go silent. 'Thank the gods,' Walburga thought to herself, sighing. She almost felt like thanking the man. Almost.

"So, I hear you've talked a fair bit and about more useful stuff than whatever that was," Davis commented idly, looking at all of their cells, not just the Leviathan. "I think I'll see if there's any more I can get out of you," he added, almost as if he were telling them about a new hobby he'd be trying out.

Even with the casual tone, Walburga felt a chill run down her spine.

"As if we'd tell you anything," Beelzebub growled, like the idiot he was. Walburga almost pitied the Satan descendants. They were so deluded about their self-importance and their power that it wasn't even funny. Even thoroughly defeated as they had been, they still held onto the belief that they were hot stuff.

"Well, you can choose not to. That's fine," Davis told the man with a shrug before a slight smile formed on his face. "You'll be telling me a lot anyway, one way or another."

"Oh, yeah? How?"

"Simple, really. I found this on your dead friend," Davis commented, pulling out a vial full of something… black and twisting. Like someone had trapped a half-liquid half-gaseous shadow inside the glass. Occasionally, there was a glint of yellow in between the dark substance too. "And I know this is what you took to make yourself stronger. So… I'm very curious. As such… I'll be running some tests on you, guys, until I find the answers I'm looking for. Feel free to talk though, that might get you out of it… maybe."

Well…

Sucked to be them, Walburga thought, watching Beelzebub's face pale in the cell across from hers.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that escalated quickly.

Or did it? Now that I've gotten her, I feel like this moment has been a long time coming, somewhat. Joshua always had Khaos Brigade in his sights for several reasons that only piled up as time went by. He also showed that he's far from just the saint he seems to be most of the time.

And now, recent events have brought his worst side out once more… more focused than ever. That sounds kinda scary to me, not gonna lie. Can't wait to see how this develops.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter and see things as I do.

Random Question: Do you see things as I do? Do you have a different read on things? I've made it no secret that I don't even know what my characters will do even in the same scene I'm writing, nevermind future ones, so… yeah.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 216 others
Adrian King
Oct 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 159 - -With the Devil in Me
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#675
-With the Devil in Me

[Shalba Beelzebub]

"I thought you were going to do something," he commented, moving to look at the human that had humiliated him and his peers.

Shalba still couldn't make sense of it.

He was a human. He was also weak. The only reason he had any sort of strength was the Egyptian gods, who would get what was coming to them, he was sure. Khaos Brigade wouldn't let their loss be just like that.

Back to Davis though, Shalba was convinced that something was fishy with the human's win. It didn't make any sense no matter how he looked at it. Thus, he'd been thinking it over… and he realized that something had happened. Kokabiel had been stupidly chatty throughout the whole fight.

He could say he was buying time for their Kyoto attack as much as he wanted, but Shalba didn't believe that one bit. On top of that, they'd been promised that Davis' defenses, the only thing that made him even remotely dangerous, would be taken down. They evidently hadn't been, at most being temporarily dismantled, which was a big difference.

They'd been screwed over and Shalba would make sure that the person responsible paid for it.

Once he got out, of course, but that was a matter of time.

Khaos would come, he was sure.

"I am," Davis replied, not even deigning him with a look, as if Shalba were someone beneath his notice. The damned human would pay the most, that much he swore, as a descendant of the original Beelzebub. "All in due time," the human continued, finally turning to look at him and giving him a lazy smirk. "No need to be impatient."

"I really wouldn't bother the guy in control of the situation, just saying," Shalba heard the human woman, the magician, say. He only gave her a disgusted look though. This had been one of their allies? No wonder the branches were falling apart if she was one of their leaders.

The imposters and their merry band of idiots had to be winning for a reason and Shalba knew it couldn't be competency. They didn't compare to the true leaders of their faction, them, the original Satan's own blood. If people like this… Walburga were the best Khaos had for their branch groups, then things were making a lot more sense.

Maybe they'd been made to make the little alliance lose time?

As good a guess as any, Shalba supposed.

"In control of the situation," Shalba said, not a hint of belief in his voice. "You really think he's in control of anything? He's just making his own situation worse."

"He will realize how much he's messed up eventually," Katerea joined, unable to stay silent any longer.

"The irony is almost funny," Walburga told him, giving him a pitying smile that Shalba swore he wouldn't forget. How dare the lowly bitch look down on him. He'd show them all, he swore. "I had heard rumors about how crazy you were, but damn."

"Why, you-?"

"That's enough," Davis said, which Shalba couldn't have cared less about if he tried. However, the human had the gall to accompany the order with a silencing spell of some kind, snapping his fingers for emphasis. Walburga didn't seem to care much for that, but she didn't matter anyway.

She was a human magician anyway. The only way for her to be of a lower standing was for her to be a mundane human. Shalba was still trying to figure out why she'd been big enough a deal for him to have heard her name, honestly.

So far, he was far from impressed.

Unfortunately, he'd have to stomach the insult that was getting silenced by a filthy human. Shalba could wait, even if he hated it. Everyone would get what was coming to them, Davis, Yasaka and everyone else. Especially the fucking imposters, that was for sure.

"You really don't learn, do you?" the human asked, giving him a curious look as if he found Shalba to be a particularly strange creature. He glared right back, speaking all the words he wanted to as best he could with just his expression and glare. "Well, you will soon… probably. If your time here hasn't taught you that," he continued speaking, making Shalba flinch ever so slightly.

Typical of a human, threatening others with the power of stronger people instead of their own. Yasaka of the West Youkai could scare him, he would admit. How could she not, with the power that she'd been given by her gods, which was also typical of a lesser being, a lesser faction, a lesser panthe-

"Either way," Davis, the human continued speaking and Shalba wanted nothing else than for him to disappear. He was an eyesore and incredibly annoying. "I'm done studying you three," he commented, running his fingers through his hair as he stretched, like he'd been doing much of anything other than sitting on a chair in between their cells and writing down on a notebook.

"No chance of you telling me what you are doing?" Walburga asked, making Shalba's eye twitch. 'She's not silenced?' he wondered, even though the answer was obvious. The human was obviously insulting them, the absolute-

"Just trying to sense them through my spells and such, picking up as much info as I can," Davis answered casually, taking a moment to look around as if remembering that he was in a dungeon and not anywhere else. "Now, it's time to use that info," he commented, turning towards Shalba. "Thanks for offering yourself for this," he added, directing an excited smile his way. "Testing round one of Project Forever Fall."

Was that supposed to mean anything to him?

Because it didn't.

Either way, instead of explaining further in any way, Davis stood up and took a deep breath in. Shalba just looked at him move through slightly narrowed eyes. What was he going to do? He still had no idea and he'd reluctantly admit to being curious. He'd been taught the horrors of not knowing what was coming during his last… interrogation and he wasn't a fan.

Unfortunately, he had no voice and he rather doubted his questions would be answered.

Fortunately – in a certain, very twisted way –, he didn't have to wait long to get his answers in a rather direct, blunt way. This happened after Davis went around, setting down drawn circles and foci on the empty space between cells. 'Wards and hexes?' Shalba hazarded a guess.

Not like it was difficult, what with those being the man's known main magic branches.

Further musings were interrupted as he felt the magic reach for him, surround him, observe him and, eventually, grasp at him. He felt the energies reach for his energies. He felt his demonic power being prodded and then ignored. He felt something touch even deeper, and Shalba could only wonder what the spells had scrapped against, because it made him shiver, feeling cold and a dull ache at the center of his being.

The spells ignored that too, he realized, somewhat gratefully.

This feeling was short lived though, very much so. Because the energies grabbed onto something else and this time they didn't let go. For a long second, that wasn't so bad. Awkward, odd, weird, strange, uncomfortable, it was all those things, but not bad. This lasted just as little as his gratefulness.

More "hands" reached to grab this energy inside Shalba, but that wasn't the worst part. No, the worst part was that they started pulling. It was the return of feeling pain and cold in his core, but even worse than before. It was like someone was pulling him apart, limb by limb, organ by organ, muscles, bones, veins, nerves and everything else. Yet, his body remained intact, which made it all the worse.

Because it told Shalba that he was being torn to pieces, and it had nothing to do with his physical body. Was it his magic? Was it his soul? What was Davis doing to him? Whatever it was, he couldn't even scream about it. No sound came out of his mouth as he thrashed about in his cell to no avail.

Shalba's surroundings disappeared as he was filled with just pain and cold, so much cold, like he was being frozen over despite also being constantly shredded into nothing. He could do nothing other than experiencing that. It was all his mind could focus on. No thoughts came to him, nothing broke through the haze and Shalbe was left alone with his torment.

Until he wasn't.

Somehow, the magic letting go of him felt worse, because Shalba became aware and able to process what had just happened. The pain receded and so did the cold, yet he could remember it so vividly that it was almost like it hadn't stopped. Just low enough for him to realize the hell Davis had unleashed on him.

He wanted to curse the man with all he had.

He wanted to beg him not to do it again.

He wanted to run away.

He wanted to cry.

All Shalba was able to do, however, was breath shakily while his body trembled nonstop. He remained lying on the ground, twitching and turning while sweat ran down his skin. The dark cell around and the rough stone under him that he'd swore at for days and nights felt like a haven all of a sudden, or maybe an anchor. Because if he felt those, if he saw those, then he wasn't relieving the Nightmare.

"What… What did you do to him?" he heard someone say when his mind finally started to become aware of more things. Idly, a part of him noticed that it was a familiar voice. "Shalba?"

He didn't answer. He barely realized that they were calling for him. He didn't have the strength to say anything, nor the wish to. He just wanted to forget. He wanted to just… stop feeling.

"Well… That went about as well as I expected it to," he heard, the voice making him twitch. That was the voice that brought the Nightmare to him, Shalba knew, feeling it in his all.

"That was well?" he heard a voice say harshly, making him twitch even harder. "What did you do to him?!" Another twitch followed the loud voice.

"It's good for me," the Nightmare himself answered casually. "You all… You all I could care less about. You forfeited the right to anything when you attacked what was mine and you did so understanding what you were doing. Nobody told you to do it, nobody lied to you nor forced you. Now, I'll make sure to use you to the best of my ability so that I can properly dismantle the entirety of Khaos. I will leave nothing of your organization, of the Old Satans, of anything that's even remotely related to you all."

"You call us monsters," he heard the female voice snarl. "You think you are any better?"

"It was never about being better than you," the Nightmare replied, just as unconcerned and Shalba recovered enough presence of mind to see the Nightmare shrug. "It was about making sure you aren't a threat to me. If I have to be as bad as you, or worse, then I will be. I'm not a hero, Katerea-" Right, that was her name. "-I'm just a guy that you wouldn't leave well enough alone."

With a wave of the man's hand, Katerea flew towards the cell bars, being left right in front of the human.

"You wanted a war, didn't you?" the Nightmare asked, the coldness of his voice sending a chill down Shalba's spine that was terrifyingly similar to the cold from the Nightmare. "That's what you've been trying to get. War and pain and deaths, for whatever insane reason each of you mad bastards could think up in your twisted, sick minds."

Katerea seemed to go to say something, but a hand wrapping around her throat choked the words before they could come out.

"I hope you are happy," the Nightmare told her. "You've got your war. I'll bring it to every single one of you all until none of you are left, if it's the last thing I do."

"... What… What are you doing?"

"Did you think Shalba would be the only one? Oh no," the Nightmare said.

A second later, only screams could be heard.

Screams that were quickly silenced.

"Say hello to your war, Katerea."

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He looked at the two still half delirious Satan descendants and the surprisingly composed Kokabiel in their cells.

"People whisper about how nice you are," the fallen told him, grinning wearily, with his body sprawled on the stone floor. "They speak about how you give more than you ask for, how you don't make demands or pressure people. They speak of a mild, benevolent man… And yet here you are."

"Didn't you ever hear that you should fear the anger of a gentle man?" Joshua asked, feeling dead inside but keeping himself standing straight and strong. He would give them nothing. He could mourn the little part of him that he felt he'd lost while pulling his experiments on them, one not unlike those he'd lost with his treatment of the fallen and other less than nice experiments.

A loss that he was, for once, fully aware of.

"Is that what you think you are? A gentle man?" Kokabiel asked and Joshua considered the question for a long moment. Ultimately, he guessed he made a fair point. He didn't feel very gentle at that moment. However, he also remembered other times, with Kunou, Asia, Jeanne, Issei, his familiars and many others…

"I am who I am," he decided out loud. "What you or others think doesn't matter."

To that, the fallen barked out a laugh.

"You aren't an idiot," Kokabiel told him. "I'd have been pissed if you were, after you beat us. Well, man of your own, go on with your war."

"Your war," Joshua corrected pointedly. He wanted nothing to do with wars and bloodshed. However, if someone was going to bring both to him, then he'd do his best to end them. With that said, he decided he had enough and turned to leave.

He needed some time to recover anyway and things weren't getting any better while inside that dungeon.

"You look tired," was the greeting he got once he stepped outside. With a weary smile, he turned to face Yasaka, not even trying to keep up appearances like he did inside. Instead, he let her presence be a reassurance, dropping his heavy-feeling shoulders and relaxing his tense body. "You don't look disappointed though."

"I got some data," he replied, his voice all but a sigh. "Didn't go as well as I'd have liked, but it went better than I expected."

"And we should always be happy with such results," Yasaka told him, her smile lifting his spirits just as much as her life energy wrapping around him to help him feel better. "Now, how about we go sit down for a bit and drink some tea? Kunou will be in class for a little longer still."

"Sounds wonderful," Joshua replied with a slightly widening smile. The idea itself was enough to make him feel even better. He was far from well, but he didn't feel like he was drowning anymore, which was great. So, he followed her through the halls until they reached their destination.

"... I've probably done worse things to my enemies," Yasaka told him after Fuyuko had delivered them their drinks and some light snacks. He didn't feel like eating, but the tea sent a very welcome trickling of warmth through him.

"Does it get easier?" he asked her, looking at his cup as he set it down slowly. If she thought that'd make him feel better or change his opinion of her, then she was wrong on both accounts. He hated the world for forcing him and probably her into that position and he wasn't anywhere close to being enough of a hypocrite to think badly about her for doing what he was doing.

"Maybe? You come to accept it, I believe," she answered, sounding unsure of her own words. "It's part of the world we live in. Trying to be upstanding is all well and good, until someone that's not comes along and, in the end, you are forced to stoop to their level if you don't want to suffer."

That made sense, he supposed. One could be good as long as everyone was sort of equal. Once the smallest imbalance was thrown into the mix, however? Things became much more complicated. And there were a lot of imbalances in the supernatural world. The strongest could do whatever they wanted so long as they didn't run across someone above them. It was a very might makes right world, in the end.

"If it helps, I like that you can do what's necessary," Yasaka told him, but the sad smile on her face told him that there was more to her words than just what she said. Sure enough, there was a followup statement for that. "I love that you don't like it though… Because that's infinitely better than doing awful things and enjoying it."

"... It still sucks though," he commented, bringing his cup to his lips.

"It does," she agreed, making him snort, darkly amused by her quick response. "I like to remind myself that everything I do, I do for my people and, more importantly, for Kunou. Because maybe if I stain my hands enough, she won't have to."

"That's one way to look at it," he said, not really feeling all that positive at the idea. He'd still rather not have to. However, there was no denying that it did make it all a little better. Because if there was something he hated more than the idea of keeping doing things he was doing, that was Kunou having to do things like that.

He refused to let that happen.

"So, why don't you tell me what you found out?" Yasaka asked him and he wondered if she was trying to get his mind off of things. If she did, it worked, because that might make him remember what he'd just done, but it also made his mind delve into magic theory and pull away from emotions he'd rather not deal with at that moment.

"Well, whatever it is that powered them up-" 'Ophis,' he thought to himself. He couldn't quite say that though, since he only knew that from whatever scraps of canon knowledge he still retained. "-is a lot more… clingy than I expected. Very interesting though. I'll have to study that more. Confirmed that there's a lot of power there-"

"Which we already knew," Yasaka pointed out, which was fair. If there was one thing Ophis' touch was not, that was inconspicuous. Anyone with any sensing capability could tell the vast well of power that it was. Nevermind what people like Yasaka and him could pick up on, what with her level of life sensing and his many spells.

"Yes," he conceded. Still though… "Not sure if I'll be able to do anything with that, but it's certainly interesting. I'll have to keep at it. I probably shouldn't let them die though, should I?"

"Pretty sure Serafall and her people would appreciate those devils surviving," Yasaka answered, which made him grimace a little. "At least until she can get some value out of them."

"Well, I'll see then," he replied vaguely. He'd have to pull his punches a little, by the sound of it. "Kokabiel is fine though, and a fallen that doesn't really matter if he dies is a pretty good source," he commented, his mind drifting through his several ideas and experiments. "And then there's Cao Cao."

"I have a feeling you have something… else for him," Yasaka commented and he gave her a smile that held no amusement behind.

"You have no idea," he replied darkly. Because, after all, the man was the one that had scared his daughter the most. He was also the one at the very top of the entire thing, or at least the highest ranked member of Khaos Brigade that Joshua had gotten his hands on. With that in mind, there was only one thing to do about the absolute bastard. "No idea at all."

"Glad to hear," Yasaka said, returning his grin with one of her own. A grin that very much reminded him that she was, indeed, a fox youkai, if a mythical kind. Furthermore, foxes were predator animals too, which was worth acknowledging.

"Longinus, hero descendant, True Longinus," he listed, thinking of all the things he could use the piece of shi- 'Calm,' he told himself. Just thinking about him pissed Joshua off, he would admit. There was a reason he hadn't so much as addressed him during his visit. Good thing Cao Cao hadn't decided to open his mouth, either because of unexpected wisdom or for some other reason.

"Tell me more."

Joshua wondered if he should have felt concerned by the amount of enjoyment that Yasaka seemed to take on the possible future suffering of Cao Cao. Then again… he felt more or less the same, really. He'd heard Kunou whimper at night after nightmares, talking about the "Man with the Spear". So, despite how he'd felt about the whole… treatment of their captured enemies thing, Joshua couldn't find any fucks to give regarding the Hero Faction leader.

He knew his anger would fade eventually, just like it had happened with the fallen. Even then, he suspected he'd never really care. Not only had the guy apparently traumatized Kunou, but he'd also spread his racism against non-human species around, apparently. After all, Joshua hadn't forgotten that Jeanne had been part of the group in canon and been just as fanatical as Cao Cao.

Jeanne, who had a devil boyfriend and was friends with a bunch of devils too. Jeanne, who loved spending time with her niece. Jeanne who seemed to have a good time sparring with Raynare at times and talking with Gabriel whenever they met.

Something was fishy there and Joshua had a feeling that it was all Cao Cao's fault. He was fairly sure, after all, that everyone had been recruited by him. Maybe he was jumping to conclusions, but oh well… He'd have time to get to the truth, he supposed.

Either way, he was happy to tell Yasaka all his plans for Cao Cao and even the rest of the Khaos Brigade members… Even those that had escaped. Because oh did he have ideas for those too. All of that was stuff for some other time though, since time had passed and the situation had changed.

"Am I interrupting your date?" Kunou asked, not at all caring about the possibility that she might be right. Instead, humming, she skipped her way to Joshua and then sat on his lap. "Class was boring," she added before any of them could actually ask. "But I did well, that's what the teacher said."

Joshua hummed.

"He did!" his daughter protested, hearing the clear doubt in the sound. "He said he'd tell you that."

"And you didn't threaten the poor man or anyt-"

"Dad!" Kunou whined. Joshua, for his part, just enjoyed her presence, letting her wash away any of the lingering bad feelings. She was really just a gift that kept on giving.

"Maybe if I stain my hands enough, she won't have to."

Yasaka had definitely been onto something with that. Thus, Joshua took a deep breath in and settled down to hear his daughter talk about her classes. He had a nice cup of tea at hand and his family around. The only thing that could make things better would have been having Serafall, Jeanne and Asia there too. 'That's an idea.'

"Say, Kunou, what do you say we go home tonight and have a sleepover with Auntie Serafall?"

"And watch her show?" she asked, big excited eyes staring up at him.

"Yeah."

"Yay~!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that was certainly a chapter.

I thought something like this wouldn't happen again after the fallen trio thing, but here we are. It's kind of interesting to learn more about Joshua's character, because yes, I'm learning together with you all. I mostly have an idea of what characters are like, but then things happen and new aspects of them shine through as I imagine the scene going.

I don't know if I'm making any sense, honestly.

Leaving the matter at that, I hope you all enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What's the last thing you drank? I'm drinking a smoothie right now because there was a power outage and I had to get to a cafe to be able to write. I see it as a win though, smoothies are great.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 216 others
Adrian King
Oct 15, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 160 - Building Castles in an Hourglass
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#682
Building Castles in an Hourglass

Despite being in a situation where he shouldn't be able to concentrate, Joshua did so anyway.

Sometimes, his absentmindedness came in handy, he supposed. Because even then and there, with people talking and moving around, some of them even shouting, he remained where he was. He stood, leaning against a brick wall, with a notebook in hand and ideas in his mind. He ignored the world in favor of his mind, going over projects and writing down anything that seemed worth anything and even things that didn't.

Never knew when some discarded idea could be useful later on.

Back to his work, he was blending Project Soul with a bunch of others, like Project Awakening, at that very moment. His working theory was that the reason why his attempts worked on Soren and not Misla was simple. He thought that, when the disease progressed, it'd latch onto the soul. That was why he'd been able to break its hold on the Sitri. The hold on Soren's soul had either been inexistent or weak – he was leaning on the latter, considering it took a while for the disease to fully go away – while the one on Misla had been fully "realized" as it were.

'Otherwise… maybe some fundamental part? Like a change in the self, similar to the way I add wings to a fallen, but less drastic?' he wondered, once more trying to brainstorm ideas for things to test or try during his next visit. He had information to work on a possible approach to curing Misla, but he'd learned the price of being too optimistic already. It was better to assume it wouldn't work and keep looking forward.

That way, even if he failed, at least he'd have used to attempt to learn more. Sure, it'd be extra work done uselessly if he succeeded, but he'd take that over failing and not learning anything. One was more of a waste of time than the other. Moreover, one left him feeling much more guilty than the other, that was for sure.

'Could go further down the virtual intelligence rabbit hole, probably,' he mused to himself, tapping an empty spot on the notebook thoughtfully. He was already setting up spells that activated, did and focused on determined things depending on the information picked up by sensing spells, which he imagined was sort of like coding. What he had in mind now was pushing that a notch or ten further, making a network of spells that would act differently according to the feedback they got, targeting specific things and better dealing with any unexpected result.

Maybe, even if he failed to fully cure Misla, he could force a stalemate against the Sleep Disease with her awake. That'd probably be very complicated, but then again, curing her was even more so. Finding a makeshift solution was better than no solution at all. So long as he didn't make things worse, then anything was a step up.

Which meant that he had to be extra careful, really.

"Domino!" a voice called, making him blink and look up. Sure enough, the sight of the Levia-tan show set greeted him. He'd almost forgotten he was there for a shot. Good thing the scene was basically planned around what he was doing. Serafall's doing, surely. "Were you even paying attention?"

"Of course I was," Joshua replied, lying through his teeth shamelessly. He was a little bummed to be interrupted in the middle of his tinkering, but it was also sort of… nice. It helped him relax a little and distract himself, which was a welcome thing.

"What was I talking about?" she asked him, raising an unimpressed eyebrow at him.

"Nevermind that," he replied instead of answering. There was no point, after all, and Domino would do anything other than admit being wrong or apologizing. In most cases, at least. "Did you need anything?"

"What are you even doing? I know for a fact that you aren't studying," Serafall commented and Joshua grinned widely. He had to twist that into a smug gesture instead of an amused one. Because that's what would be in character, not him being amused by how contrary to reality the scene was. He'd definitely been studying, after all.

Idly, he noticed the same amusement he was feeling shining in Serafall's eyes.

That is, before Domino's expression changed to a slightly nervous one.

"... Nothing?" he answered in a very uncharacteristic, lame voice.

"... What do you want to steal now?" Serafall asked him, seeing through his character's act and staring at him through narrowed eyes. With that slight slip though, Domino was back at the top of his game.

"I don't know what you are talking about, Levi. I've gone straight already. I told you," he replied, expression calm and confident. It was perfect… or it should have been.

"I don't believe a single word you are saying, spill," Serafall accused and he deflated dramatically.

"Fine," he conceded, because Levi knew Domino entirely too well and vice versa. There was no point trying to fool her, not really. It'd been worth the first shot at it though, but nothing else. "In my defense, this is for a good cause."

"Somehow, I doubt that," Serafall said, looking thoroughly unconvinced.

"You hurt me, Levi, truly."

Yeah, it was nice to take a break from serious thoughts and just be a different character in a different story.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua stepped back and watched his spells at work.

He was testing a very crude, very early prototype version of Project Intelligence, so he didn't need to do much… in theory. This was what one would call the first actual step, if one decided not to count the much more basic conditional spells and such. He was actually pretty sure this didn't even count as actual virtual intelligence, but that wasn't really the important part, he supposed.

The important part was making progress towards a spell array that would work and – most importantly – adapt by itself. That, also, without developing into some monster living spell that'd work against him. He didn't need to be the one to unleash magical Skynet on the world. DxD Earth had enough shit going on for him to make it worse.

Setting it up so that it wouldn't overdevelop would be a hassle, but baby steps. He needed to go through a lot of steps before he was even close to that and he needed to start making progress quickly. Project Everchanging, Intelligence and Soul were all key to dealing with Annihilation Maker, he was sure. Or, at least, they were the only ones that gave him a sense of being able to deal with Leonardo, or whoever the Longinus wielder was.

He needed something that could deal with unpredictable things. Furthermore, he needed something that could counter things that were specifically created to counter that specific something. It sounded like an impossibility, but Joshua was counting on Annihilation Maker being unable to create something that adapted. At least, not right off the bat. Once he revealed the card, it'd complicate matters, but he could cross that bridge when he got to it.

If he could get the upper hand once then maybe he could do something with that.

As it was, Annihilation Maker could just turn his spells to nothing and call it a day. There was nothing Joshua could do about that and he didn't like that fact at all. So, he wanted to do something so that he could give the guy a taste of his own medicine, if only once.

Furthermore, maybe, just maybe, he'd be able to use that one chance for a lot more than he was planning to at the moment. It all depended on how long he had before the next attack, because he was sure there'd be a next one… And if there wasn't, then he'd cause one.

Khaos Brigade had made an enemy out of him and Joshua clearly wasn't doing enough.

Either way, he still needed to make some progress before anything else could be done in regards to those projects. Theorizing didn't cost him anything though and it wasn't like he was doing much other than looking at his spells work and idly checking on things through his senses and other spells.

As it was, things were looking fairly well so far, which was neat.

"Of course you made a tea-making spell," Jeanne commented from beside him, having entered the kitchen and stopped to look at his spells working. Making tea was simple, but it required a bunch of things being done. There were also plenty of variables, if tiny ones. So, Joshua had decided that he might as well kill two birds with one stone.

On the one hand, he took a step in one of his most important projects. He was sure it'd give him some ideas of where to improve, which had been proven sort of right so far. Sure, it wasn't at all related to what he wanted to attempt ultimately, but this was a huge thing that he could take one step at a time instead of going straight for the bigger things. Something that Project Awakening hadn't really allowed and he was grateful to have in this instance.

On the other hand, Joshua thought a tea-making spell would be great. So… might as well make one while testing stuff, right? As good an excuse as any.

"What should I have made? A clothes-sorting spell?" he asked, not turning towards her and keeping his eyes locked on the steps the spells were going through. So far, everything was going smoothly, even if there were some parts that could be improved. The whole thing worked though, which was more than he expected.

"I feel like that's sexist," Jeanne commented and he could imagine the narrow eyes she was looking at him with. "But it does sound nice."

Joshua snorted.

"That'd be plenty useful, Joshua," Asia told him, radiating light and warmth even without him turning towards her. Either his sisters were predictable or Joshua was just very good at guessing what they'd do. Considering his people skills though… Yeah, it was definitely the former.

"Next one then," he replied, yawning. Maybe he should have waited to test the prototype after breakfast?... Well, hindsight and all that, right? He'd been kind of eager.

"Looks like it's done!" Asia said excitedly, clapping and all.

"Time for the true test then," Joshua replied, taking a deep breath in, nodding and moving forward. Taking the cup, he blew on it and then went for a sip… "Could be better," he declared solemnly before taking another sip.

Yeah, there was room for improvement. It was drinkable though, and that was actually more than he'd expected. Wasn't as good as it could be though. The spells would have to wait to be fine tuned, unfortunately.

While finishing that would be nice, ultimately the whole thing was for another purpose. Joshua would focus on the important part for the moment… Although, maybe he could keep working on the tea-making array in his free time when trying to relax?...

Yes, that sounded good.

"Can we have breakfast already?" Jeanne asked, to which he finally turned towards her and stared.

"Someone's bossy today. Maybe you want to prepare your own breakfast?"

"Have I told you that you are my favorite brother, Josh?"

"Your only brother, more like," he replied dryly.

"The point stands, doesn't it?"

To that, he just sighed.

[}-o-{]​

"It's probably rude of me to ignore you like this, isn't it?" Joshua asked, his shyer side shining through stronger than usual as he kept his gaze down, moving only from his notebook to the cup of tea he held on the side. He felt a little bad for ignoring her while he just tinkered away with his spells. He knew she didn't mind, but he still found it rude. It was just… Always a little awkward to spend time with her.

"It's no problem at all. Especially considering what you are working on right now," Gabriel reassured him kindly and a glance presented him with the sight of the angel's soft, warm and kind smile. Sometimes, she could be a little too… much, in general, too bright, too warm, too kind. It left Joshua feeling like he was standing too close to the sun, sort of.

"I know, but still," he commented, an awkward grimace on his face as he tried to explain himself. "It feels wrong to just sit here like you are not sitting there, doing nothing and waiting for me."

"I don't mind," Gabriel told him, which didn't really make things any better. "It's nice to take a moment for myself here and there. I like to think of these moments like a break."

"I'm sure you can do better than this for a break," Joshua replied, glancing around at the tables that had been arranged and the tea and snacks on them. Snacks that were being decimated by Jeanne, Xenovia and Irina while they talked animatedly some distance away. Joshua was grateful not to be there, since it looked draining. Especially then and there when he seemed to be having a bit of a regression in his social anxiety.

That was probably why Gabriel had set their table a little further away, which he was grateful for.

"This is good enough for me," Gabriel waved off with a smile that never seemed to leave her face for long. "I hope things are going well for you after what happened?" she asked, leaning forward as if to give him her undivided attention.

Which only made him feel even more nervous for… reasons.

She couldn't be doing that on purpose, right?

"Doing better. Busy, but better," he answered, taking a deep breath in and letting it out, as if to make the awkwardness and weariness leave his body. "Working to be better prepared next time," he explained simply. It was a very accurate summary though. "And helping Kunou. She's trying to act strong and like she's fine, but she's still shaken," he added, looking down at his notebook.

"I'm sorry to hear that," Gabriel said, sounding genuinely so. "If there's anything I can do to help with anything though, feel free to let me know."

"I think you have your hands full enough, but thank you. I appreciate the offer," he replied, trying to express how grateful he was with a smile. With any luck, even if he didn't do a good job, she'd be good enough at reading people to make up for that. Evidently, he was right, considering the beaming smile she returned at him, especially bright this time. "Things will just get better on their own. Khaos is already being dealt with and I doubt you can do more on that front. And Kunou will get better. She just needs time. Yasaka and I have plenty of help, between Serafall, Jeanne, Asia and others."

Margalo chose that moment to trill something, making him chuckle.

"My familiars included, obviously," he said, but that correction didn't seem to satisfy the bird. This was, after all, evidenced when he got his ear pecked. "Especially Margalo. She's the best," he added, making the bird puff her chest and leave him alone.

Evidently, the whole thing was very amusing for Gabriel, given her giggling.

"Well, I don't mind helping anyway," the angel told him and he almost sighed. She was too nice. He was starting to feel bad turning her down, but then again… if she was that insistent, then maybe she just wanted to help and wasn't forcing herself or anything? He guessed that would be. "Maybe you can bring her on your visits, if she's not in class," Gabriel offered and his eyes widened a little.

"Uh… Would that be fine?" he asked hesitantly, trying not to insult her or her people. However… Joshua looked around at the Church base he was working on at the moment. The Church wasn't known for its welcoming of other faction members. Sure, they could be neutral or friendly with other factions, but there was a huge leap from that to welcoming people into their bases and such.

Especially someone like Kunou. He was pretty sure youkai had been considered almost on par to devils by the Church at one point. Furthermore, politically important people doing literally anything could be troublesome if not handled well.

"Don't worry about it," Gabriel replied, waving off his worries. She was the picture of ease and confidence, which certainly helped assuage some of his fears, but still… "I'll deal with it. She's a sweetheart, so I don't mind at all."

"We'll see then," he told her with a smile of his own. He'd need to check with Yasaka, of course, but he was sure Kunou would have fun visiting new places. Maybe they could walk around the surrounding area after he finished working. Church bases were in some nice places for sightseeing, surprisingly… or maybe not so surprisingly.

"I'll look forward to it anyway," Gabriel told him jokingly.

"How are things on your end though?" he asked, deciding to push aside his notebook. It didn't look like he'd get much done and the break was almost over anyway. He'd continue working on Project Ascension when he got home.

Somehow, Gabriel seemed happier with that than with him working on giving angels extra wings. Maybe she wanted a break from work too? It was true that it wasn't like a few minutes would make a difference with the project, he supposed.

"Well, things seem to be calming down now, which is amazing, I have to say…"

Bringing his cup of tea to his lips as he heard Gabriel start speaking, Joshua decided that yeah, an actual break sounded nice.

[}-o-{]​

"Can I?! Can I?!" Kunou asked, to which Yasaka raised an eyebrow. She looked amused though, but that was hardly surprising.

"Yes, you can," the mother answered, drawing a cheer from her daughter. "You have to stay with Joshua, alright? And listen to him."

"I will, mom! This will be great!" the little girl exclaimed, looking like she was entering super excitement mode. This included loud speech, plenty of quick movement and a hundred words a second or so.

Ok, so maybe Joshua was exaggerating.

Just a little bit.

"Auntie Jeanne! I'm going to visit Europe! Spain!" Kunou called loudly, darting out of the room and looking for his sister. Joshua, for his part, was left with a giggling Serafall and a smiling Yasaka.

"Well, there she goes," he commented, grinning himself. "Thanks for agreeing."

"If she can't be safe with you and Gabriel right there, let alone the rest of whatever base you go to, then I don't know where she'd be," Yasaka replied, waving him off. "Especially with as weak as the defenses were left here. My people are still repairing their side. It's honestly mostly thanks to your defenses being up already that I feel any safety here."

"I'll be updating those at the end of the week, by the way," he informed her, taking a deep breath in and looking up. He had a feeling he would forever be working on better defenses. It wasn't only Annihilation Maker that was a danger, after all. The Longinus Gear was just the most glaring weakness he had, but not the only one.

All defenses had weaknesses that could be exploited, but Joshua would do his best to reduce that number as much as possible.

"On a different note, it's good that the little one went away," Serafall commented and Joshua felt like there was a shift in the atmosphere of the room. Why? Well, the most obvious clue was that the devil didn't go for something overly dramatic and that she shared a very meaningful look with Yasaka.

"Is it?" he asked, glancing between the two of them curiously.

"Mhm," Yasaka hummed with a nod. "There was something we wanted to talk about with you," she answered and Joshua almost felt worried. Neither of them seemed to be sad or upset or anything negative. They just seemed… slightly wary, but that might not have been the best word for it, with how mild it was. Careful, maybe? That still sounded too strong a word.

"So, are you still oblivious or have you realized that there're women interested in you?" Serafall asked, eyes wide like a kid asking an innocuous question instead of… whatever that was. Joshua had already not known what to expect from them, but that had been a multiverse away from any of his guesses.

Thus, his mind drew a blank for a long moment, leaving him blinking dumbly.

"Er… I have low self-esteem and poor social skills, but I'm not completely blind… anymore," he defended himself. It was a poor defense, but it was what he had. He was getting better, alright?... Or so he thought, at least.

Back to the question though. He had noticed. Some of the women that visited the cafe or that he came across when picking up the girls from Kuoh Academy were anything but subtle, after all. There was the odd student at House of Water – which made him incredibly grateful that classes weren't actually divided by age and instead were divided by skill level – too, along with the occasional mage he could cross paths with over at the association.

"Hmm, what do you think?" Serafall mumbled, turning to address the question to Yasaka.

"Definitely oblivious," the youkai said without a shadow of doubt. The devil readily agreeing further drove the dagger in.

He wasn't that bad!... Anymore, at least.

Probably.

Maybe.

"Anyway," Serafall continued, deciding to just ignore what they'd said… even though she was the one to bring it up. "The point is that Yasaka and I do notice-"

He went to say something, but before he could even finish opening his mouth, Yasaka interrupted.

"No, we aren't accusing you of anything nor are we angry nor is this a problem in any way," she told him as if reading his mind. Was he that predictable or was it Senjutsu stuff? "This isn't a bad thing, just something we thought would be better to bring up."

"And, uh… why, exactly?" he asked, even more confused now. He thought it was a problem that he'd have to address. Maybe let the women down or something? That'd have been fine with him. He honestly thought he was entirely too lucky as it was, really. If he could not mess up things with Yasaka and Serafall, then he'd be more than happy.

Somehow, this response caused another shared look between the two of them. Whatever silent conversation the two held went on for a few seconds before Serafall nodded. Then Yasaka turned towards him and started speaking again.

"What we wanted to address was the possibility of other women joining our relationship," she said and Joshua was left, once again, blinking. He was doing that a lot, he felt, but he did need those moments to gather his thoughts with the stuff that was getting thrown at him.

"This is a trap of some kind, isn't it?" he asked with an amused half-smile. "I'm already beyond lucky and happy with you two. I really don't need anyone else," he told them, knowing full well that they'd be reading him like a book and realizing he wasn't lying.

This was proven right when both gave him beaming smiles… even if Yasaka's was a little more controlled than Serafall's.

"Good answer," Yasaka replied.

"Indeed," Serafall followed up, taking over the conversation from their side again. "But still, we aren't so greedy as to keep you off the market… Unless someone decides to barge in where they aren't welcome," she told him, her voice taking a dangerous edge at the end there.

Joshua was focusing on the first half though, actually. Because it stirred something half forgotten that should have been very fucking obvious. With this piece of knowledge dislodged, he pinched the bridge of his nose. 'Fucking DxD logic. Of course.'

"Greedy?" he asked anyway, because what the fuck?

"You are a powerful man, Joshua. A faction of your own, almost, considering how disconnected the Egyptian Pantheon is," Serafall replied, somehow speaking like one would about the weather. "And you are getting more powerful, by the day. I know you'll hate it, but…"

"Politics," he finished, almost spitting out the word.

"Politics," Yasaka confirmed with a calm nod.

It was good that the two of them seemed so relaxed, because he was decidedly not.

"We can at least put this off, right? I'm sure you aren't in any rush to talk about this," he told them, which he thought would at least be something they'd agree with, even with DxD's twisted common sense. He remembered DxD characters being jealous and such, even if the harem thing was still pushed forward… for whatever reason.

"We've actually been putting this off for a while, but something forced our hand," Yasaka told him, taking a sip from her cup of tea while Serafall nodded with the most dramatically serious expression on her face.

"That's right. We can't just push it for later when you are going on dates with someone and even bringing Kunou along," the devil told him.

"What are you even…?" Joshua started before trailing off. "You've got to be kidding me."

Judging by their expressions, no, they were not.

He felt himself pale.

"Gabriel?!"

Both women nodded and Joshua felt a headache coming his way.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Joshua is working towards more bullshit spells and the world is not ready for them. It's most certainly not, guys. I'm kind of looking forward to the next project reveal… Which I don't know why, really. Joshua's so isolated from the rest of the world that we usually don't really get a perspective of the madness he unleashes, not from the world's perspective, either because things are mostly secret or because they aren't really relevant enough to guarantee a PoV…

Still though, I guess I enjoy the success second-hand through Joshua.

As for this latter half… I'm sure everyone and their mothers saw that coming, but there it is. It's happening, guys. I think some people might not be fans of this development, but… Characters will do as they please, as usual. Don't get angry with me, get angry with them… and DxD as a whole for its nonsense logic.

Anyway, hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How's the weather over there? Over here October hasn't even started and the area is already turning into an oven. I wanna die.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 214 others
Adrian King
Oct 23, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 161 - ‘Cause You Are Halfway In New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#690
'Cause You Are Halfway In

"Really taking your time, eh, Josh?" Serafall asked and he leveled her with a weary stare as he continued drinking from his cup of tea.

She wasn't wrong. After they'd dropped the – in their words rather obvious – bomb on him, Joshua had more or less just… shut down for a bit. He'd taken his cup of tea and remained silent, processing those news. Meanwhile, Yasaka and Serafall seemed happy to give him the time he needed up to that point, which he greatly appreciated.

Alas, it seemed that the Satan had decided enough was enough.

"Can you blame me?" he asked, setting down his cup and holding back a sigh. He'd sighed and groaned enough about the whole mess as it was. Time to actually start dealing with it, he supposed. "Don't answer that," he followed with when the devil seemed to be going to reply. "What does this even mean?"

"Well, when a man and a woman love each other very much-"

"What Serafall is trying to say," Yasaka interrupted, rolling her eyes fondly while Joshua gave the devil an unimpressed look. "Is that it's fairly obvious, despite Gabriel's nature as an angel."

'That's not the only concern here,' Joshua wanted to say, but he was pretty sure anything he might want to say about adding someone else to their already rather odd relationship would be ignored. Still though, after pondering that for a moment, he decided to go for it anyway. Call him stupid, but he couldn't wrap his mind around that and he needed to if he wanted to get his mind to let go of it.

"I don't get it. How are you fine with… any of this. As I said, I'm happy with how things are, but it's… odd, or am I the only one that thinks that?" he said, against his better judgment. It wasn't that he wanted to ruin things for himself, but it was all so very… odd. It sounded too good to be true, so he wanted to make sure that it wasn't.

So far, things had seemed mostly fine, but with that?

Something was going on…

Something had to be going on.

"You are the only one," Yasaka answered with no hesitation nor problem whatsoever. "The mundane world works differently from ours, Joshua. Strong people, men and women alike, are coveted, especially those that don't have enough powerful figures by their side. You are a free piece on the board and, as such, factions will want you. No, factions already want you. It's only your rather isolationist nature that's protected you from that."

"You're becoming more and more of a public figure though, so you should start noticing eventually," Serafall followed up with. 'Is this an unexpected side effect of throwing my weight around? Fuck,' Joshua cursed in his mind. Not that he regretted it, considering it'd been kind of necessary so that people would take him seriously and not be problematic about his relationship with Yasaka and Serafall… but he wished someone would have told him he was going overboard, by the sound of things. "So, we have to stake our claim and as strongly as we can."

"Much as it pains us, we aren't enough. Not to fend off the attention of everyone that you will attract," Yasaka continued, her shoulders dropping a bit and as she glanced down towards the cup of tea in her hands. She didn't seem too down about that though, which was honestly baffling. Maybe they were hiding things? "I'm one of two leaders from a lower faction."

"And I'm, admittedly, the second weakest of the four Satans. Arguments are made that I'm the weakest," Serafall added, some bitterness bleeding through her voice. That wasn't a very good comparison to make about her though, when her competition were Sirzechs Gremory and Ajuka Astaroth, both of which were Super Devils.

"That has been good enough for now, but it's quickly not being the case anymore. Especially now that you've publicly displayed your power in an area that's not even your specialty, such as is combat," Yasaka took over once more and Joshua wondered if they'd rehearsed the whole thing. That brought up an… interesting thought. "People are already circling around you like sharks. I imagine if you so much as step out of our areas of influence, someone will approach you."

"We are expecting someone to all but ambush you at House of Water at some point, actually, although Agnes might be trying her best to keep them out. She's a mere association director though, she doesn't have that much pull," Serafall admitted to him.

"... The Egyptians are backing her up," he replied, receiving the message through his connection with those deities. "I'm sure they can back me up, if it comes to that, right?"

"They probably would," Yasaka agreed and Joshua almost relaxed. It was especially reassuring when he received a confirmation from the gods and goddesses peeking through their link. Alas, things weren't that easy, apparently. "But is it worth it to strain your relationship with them? They've remained detached from the world's affairs for a reason, I imagine."

Directing his metaphorical gaze towards the Egyptian Pantheon, Joshua found himself disappointed and slightly betrayed when few deities even tried to deny what she was saying.

What was up with these faction?

"So… no options, huh?" he mumbled, leaning back and feeling defeated.

"Don't act like having several beautiful women that love you in your life is a chore," Serafall told him, poking his side with her magic staff and rolling her eyes. "We know you are worried, but we aren't going anywhere. We are plenty happy with things as they are too, just to let you know," she added, more affectionately.

"Indeed," Yasaka agreed, giving him a soft smile. "We love you, Joshua. And Gabriel might too. She's, at the very least, interested. We also… get along fairly well from what we gather as of late." He wondered about that, Serafall in particular didn't look overly pleased. And yet, she nodded all the same. "So, we talked and decided it wouldn't hurt to give her a chance."

Joshua narrowed his eyes at that, which both of them seemed to catch.

"If you agree, of course," Serafall clarified quickly. "This doesn't affect us nearly as much as you, so you have the final call. We just thought it'd be worth going over beforehand, since you… Well, this isn't something you are comfortable with. We didn't want to bring it up only to be for nothing," she explained, sounding genuinely conflicted about the whole thing. "We might have… meddled more than we should though."

It wasn't often that Joshua got to see not one but both of them look so unsure as they did at that moment. Serafall and Yasaka usually looked in control of any situation. Even in moments when they were caught off guard, they always seemed at least confident, even when they weren't. So, for them to be so open about it…

Joshua sighed.

"Ok, so… anything else I should know?" he asked, making both women share yet another look. Beside him, Cheshire jumped on the table and he promptly started petting her for some comfort… or maybe it was better to say that it was for some stability. No matter what, he knew Cheshire would be his rock, just like she had been since the very beginning.

"Hmm, I think we about summed it up? At least, from our side of things," Serafall answered with a shrug. "You aren't mad, are you?" she added, that uncertain expression returning.

"I don't even know how I'm feeling," he replied truthfully. He really didn't know. He was kind of just… working on autopilot until he had time to go over things. As it was, he barely understood what was going on, really. All that he could feel was weary and confused. "How'd this whole thing even go with Gabriel… an angel?" he asked, running his fingers through his hair.

"We don't know that much more than you on that front, to be honest," Yasaka answered him this time. "Something to talk about with Gabriel, I imagine."

"What we do know is that falling isn't as simple as people think," Serafall told him, which he already knew. Thinking about it, he might know more than the two of them, which was kind of new in regards to anything not related to defenses.

He had studied angels and fallen in depth for Project Ascension, after all.

There wasn't all that much in regards to the actual transition from pure angel to fallen angel, but Joshua gathered that it was probably something angels didn't share with… Well, anyone, really. From what he could piece together, it was all bound to the Seven Sins. However, it wasn't what people thought, in the sense that they could experience the Sins. He had a hard time imagining a sapient being without those, to be honest, especially one that was able to feel them but had to hold them back entirely.

No, what angels had to avoid was being consumed by the Sins. They could experience them, but they couldn't let them affect them. Their battle wasn't to not feel them, but to not succumb to them. Feel them, but remain strong, that was what they needed to do through their lives.

"Jo~sh~" Serafall called, making him blink and looking at him, amusement clear on her expression. "Welcome back. Where did we lose you now?"

"Just thinking over what I know about angels," he answered truthfully.

"So, you are considering it?" Yasaka asked and the only thing he could pick up from her was curiosity. However, it wasn't like he was confident in reading either of them correctly. He wasn't skilled enough to read a normal person with any accuracy, let alone those two.

Which is why the reassurance he got from Cheshire was so relieving.

"For a definition of considering," Joshua answered, still unsure. "I think there's a lot to talk about," he mumbled, deflating where he sat.

[}-o-{]​

"Suffering from success, huh?" Jeanne asked him, clearly very amused by his predicament.

He wondered if it had been a good idea to share what was going on with her but… Well, as annoying as she could be, she was still his sister. She was adopted though. Couldn't she spare him with the infuriating parts of being siblings?

Apparently, no.

"I mean- That is- This must be- I- Lady Gabriel-"

"Calm down, Asia," Joshua said, patting the nun's head. She was probably a little caught off guard by the situation. He'd considered not telling her either, but he'd have felt bad for excluding her. Besides… with the world they lived in, it was probably better to have her informed of how things worked.

After all, ignorance was bliss, right up until it screwed you over.

"I'm just as confused as you," he commented with tired amusement. "Things on this side of the world aren't quite as I expected them to be," he added, bringing his cup of tea to his lips. He was pretty sure he was drinking way more than usual. 'Maybe I should switch to beer,' he thought to himself, mentally shaking his head at Nephthys when the goddess offered him one such drink.

Maybe later though.

"... And over all these virtues put on love, which binds everyone together in perfect unity," Asia mumbled after visibly gathering her wits, very obviously quoting something. That something being the bible, he supposed, or maybe some other teaching she'd received. "Maybe that's what you are doing?" the girl asked him, big innocent eyes firmly on him.

It shone a light on him that left him feeling uncomfortable, not unlike Gabriel's presence often did, if a little differently.

"You make it sound way nicer than it is," Joshua answered. It sucked that he had to reject the compliment, but it was what it was. "I just like Serafall and Yasaka, and I've been lucky enough that they like me too… and that culture seems to agree with… whatever this is. Same with Gabriel, I guess, if things work out."

"That makes it all the better, doesn't it?" Asia argued, rather firmly at that, which was surprising. The nun was often too soft, but it seemed he'd finally found a point she was passionate about. "Love isn't convenient, it just is," she told him and that gave him pause.

"... I think you might be the smartest person in this room, Asia," Joshua commented, making the young nun blush deeply, even if her lips pulled up into a pleased smile. "I can probably learn plenty from you."

"I'm not nearly as smart as you, Joshua," she replied bashfully, fidgeting with her hands. It was quite the adorable sight, to see her try and fail to act like she wasn't happy with the compliment. It just made him want to double down.

"Certainly are in regards to some matters," he settled for.

"You guys remember that I'm here, right?" Jeanne asked them, pouting like a little child.

"And we love you just the way you are, Jeanne," he replied with, plastering a soft, kind smile on his face. It was on purpose that he didn't mention anything in regards to her smarts.

"Very much," Asia added, unaware of the critical damage she delivered, which only made it all the more hilarious, really. It was especially amusing to see Jeanne trying to come up with a response that wasn't either an angry retort or pointing out the issue with their response to the nun.

He was pretty sure that Asia was just still a little distracted by what she'd been told, but that was masterful.

"Why are you being mean to me all of a sudden?" Jeanne whined.

"Because it's fun," Joshua answered instantly. He was very happy to be able to give Jeanne a taste of her own medicine. See how she likes dealing with the annoying sibling, huh?

Poor Asia just tilted her head, uncomprehending.

"See if I care about your love life, Josh," Jeanne huffed, pouting and glaring at him. "That's what you get for being stupid powerful. Thank goodness I'm not."

"And that Yuuto's not either, huh?" Joshua replied, getting a nod. "Then again, you did fight Arthur and Le Fay Pendragon. I think that counts for something, don't you? And Yuuto's showing off in that Young Devil tournament, isn't he? Interesting times ahead…"

"Don't even joke about it," the girl hissed at him. "You can have all the love troubles, Josh."

"You make it sound like I do it on purpose…"

"Jeanne is very strong though, that's true. And so is Mr. Kiba," Asia chimed in innocently, making Jeanne groan. The nun was on fire with the unknowing jabs and Joshua was there for it.

"Maybe it's just a question of time," Joshua commented idly. "You should prepare yourself."

"Shut up," Jeanne grumbled. "We were talking about you? How'd it end up like this?"

"No idea, but I'm glad for it," he replied with a grin that turned wry. "I really don't know what I'm gonna do, honestly."

"Well, things seem to be working out by themselves," Jeanne said, still looking a little miffed, but letting it go momentarily. "So… My advice as a person with no idea on the matter is to stop overthinking it. You might just make it worse. They know what they are doing, so trust them to take care of their side of things and you focus on yours."

"That sounds like… surprisingly good advice."

"What do you mean surprising?" she asked, her glare coming back with a vengeance. "You know what, I think I've been made fun of enough," she decided with a huff, standing straight and going to leave.

"But we didn't make fun of you," Asia said, all innocence and confusion, which took some of the wind out of Jeanne's sails. Alas, the swordswoman seemed to have decided to leave while she was… not as behind as she could be.

"I'm meeting with my friends in a bit anyway. We are gonna spend some time at the cafe," she explained, trying to soften the punch for the nun. "I might go out with Yuuto later."

"Sure. Don't cause trouble for the staff," he told her with a wave of his hand. "And be careful with your boyfriend, yeah? Asia and I aren't ready for nieces or nephe-" he started calling as Jeanne went to leave before getting interrupted.

"Shut up!" she shouted, power walking out of the room… with her grumbling reaching them even after she was gone.

"Never gets old," Joshua commented, an amused grin on his face.

"It's a little funny, yes," Asia said, making him blink and turn towards her. The nun, for her part, gave him a shy smile, her head a little down as she fidgeted with her hands. "I hope we didn't upset Jeanne too much though. Maybe I should apologize."

"You did that on purpose?" he asked, eyes wide. No way. Innocent little Asia, who felt bad when she watered a plant the smallest bit more than another had teased Jeanne on purpose? The world was going to end, but... "I'm so proud," he said, wiping an imaginary tear before patting her head, drawing a pleased giggle from the nun.

"I heard that siblings do this kind of thing a lot," Asia mumbled, as if trying to justify herself. "So, I thought I'd try."

"It's more about being more open and confident with one another, I think," Joshua explained, not quite sure himself, since he'd been an only child for much of his life. "You are family, so, even if you annoy each other, nothing will change that. You're always gonna be part of each other's life, even if you end up being in bad terms. Few things can break a family apart, so there's less worries… or something like that. I'm not sure, honestly. I could be entirely wrong."

"I like that," Asia replied to his little bout of rambling with. "Maybe also because we do it fondly? It's a way to express closeness and also care, if indirectly."

"That could be it too," Joshua commented with a nod that the nun copied.

"Let all that you do be done in love," she said with a beaming smile.

"Can you quote the entire bible?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Just the parts I like," she answered, but Joshua had a feeling that meant either most of it or actually all of it.

[}-o-{]​

[George Pickingill]

"Of course, sir," he replied, softly but not nervously as he would once have spoken to clients. "I'll look over the information you've sent me. After that, I'll have to see if I have access to a spell that can work on this. Shouldn't take me more than a week unless this turns out to be more complicated than I expect it to be," he explained calmly, taking a deep breath in and silencing the voice at the back of his mind telling him that he was screwing up.

Recovery Magic wasn't known for being fast, so asking for more time before even getting started wasn't ideal. It was hard enough to get any jobs, let alone keeping them when people were too impatient to give him a chance. Especially when they could just reach for a normal Healing Magic user and get most jobs done faster.

He understood though, he truly did. George imagined it wasn't easy to have a health problem or have a family member with a health problem and being told to wait. Alas, sometimes it was necessary, especially when Recovery Magic was about the only thing with access to a solution.

That didn't stop people from asking for a lower price and generally being obnoxious about everything. The perils of a less popular magic branch, but George had grown up with those around him. He knew how to put up with it all, but that didn't make them any less hurtful and frustrating.

"O-Of course," he heard his client say and he could see, through the visual and auditory communication spell, how the man wanted to say something much less friendly. Instead, the noble forced a smile on his fat head and nodded to what George said. "Take all the time you need, Mr. Pickingill."

Maybe it shouldn't have been, but it felt like a victory that the guy even got his surname right, nevermind the polite "Mr." being added first. When had been the last time someone had addressed him like he was someone when out on a job? Well, not that far in the past, but that was a very recent change in his life.

Yet another novelty brought to his life by Joshua Davis.

"If that's all, sir," George replied, years of having to be very polite pulling through despite things being much different then. It was difficult to get a big head when he was regularly met with a monster that made him look like an ant though… And being in a friend group with the likes of Meredith Ordinton didn't help either. "I have an appointment in a few minutes, so I should be going."

"Surely you can spare more time for me and my family, can't you, Mr. Pickingill?" the man asked him and George had to hold back a much wider and much less kind smile. That was more like what he was used to, entitlement and impatience. It was almost nostalgic.

"I'm afraid not. This is important," George said, not even trying to be subtle about the fact that this was much more important than the job he was discussing. Once upon a time, this would have been crazy, considering he cherished any and all opportunities to do something, anything at all, with his magic to try and make a name for himself. Now though… "I have classes."

"C-Classes…" the noble repeated after him, whatever courage he'd managed quickly leaving him as his face paled and George almost could see him sweating. "Right. Of course. Nothing but the best for my family, after all, so keep improving yourself, Mr. Pickingill."

'Nice save,' George thought sarcastically.

"I'll contact you once I've cleared everything, sir. Until then…"

"Of course, Mr. Pickingill. I'll await your call," the noble said, in yet another change from what used to be the routine. Because George would have been the one having to adapt to the other's timetable. If they said the next day, the next day it was, or he'd risk losing the job.

Well, dictating anything was still new, really.

So, with that call ended, George stood and stretched, looking around the communication room at House of Water. There were people around, if not many, probably doing more or less the same as him, at least some of them. Idly, from the corner of his eyes, he saw many of them glancing his way.

That's right, George Pickingill was someone now.

He had no doubt that, soon, he'd have a reputation as strong as his namesake.

His family was on the map now, with even his relatives getting more attention. Jobs flowed towards them just like money and resources did. House Pickingill was on the up and up, and it was all because of him. Because it was George that had been in the right place, at the right time and with the right performance.

So, it was with his head up high that he moved through the halls of House of Water towards his class now that business was taken care of. The last thing he wanted was to be late to the one thing that had made everything go right for him. Besides, he was fairly proud of how well he'd done with the homework Davis had assigned them during the last class and he wanted to show off a little.

He might even do better than Levi, pipe dream as that was most of the time.

"George, I hope things are going well?" was the greeting he got once he walked into the classroom, his favorite teacher smiling at him. "You're the first one here."

"Everything's been good, Professor Davis, and you?"

"Complicated, but such is life," the man answered, not letting go of his rather relaxed grin despite his words. "You can take a seat if you want. I'll finish here in a second," Davis added from where he sat behind his deck going over something on a notebook.

"Pickingill," was the second greeting he got and at that one George stiffened a little.

"Miss Phenex," he replied with a nod. "I actually have something to report."

"Oh?"

It was good that he'd managed to extor-haggle some nice pay from that noble from before, on top of some sweet, sweet favors. It'd go well into his debt pay funds… Even if he was unlikely to pay those in a lifetime. At least his descendants might have a chance of paying it off though… probably.

A man could dream.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well… I'm very nervous about that first part.

I'm trying something dangerous in the shape of trying to make sense of the harem culture that DxD has going for it. I know I probably shouldn't, but I don't like to make my characters act oddly for the sake of story and just saying "it's the way it works here" doesn't feel right. So I'm trying to go a little deeper in this rabbit hole without getting in over my dumb head.

Hopefully I didn't mess things up.

Other than that, I feel like the chapter is fine, thankfully.

Hope you guys enjoyed it.

Random Question: Anything in particular that you found neat or interesting in this story? (Is this me fishing for compliments? Yes, yes it is.)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 200 others
Adrian King
Oct 29, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 162 - Like I Can Rise Above It All
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Nov 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#700
Like I Can Rise Above It All

"Dad, look! The garden is so pretty!" Kunou called excitedly as they walked around the Church base he'd worked on last. Little one seemed to be enjoying herself, but Joshua didn't really blame her. Not only did she not get out much due to who she was, but the place was beautiful. One could say whatever they wanted about the Church, but they had some majestic architecture, craft and art.

Like the aforementioned garden, which was beautifully divided in islands of green and other more vibrant colors. All of those were separated by stone paths and sometimes even a bench high edge all around the plants. The flowers, bushes and more were mostly mundane, but the way the entire place was structured, maintained and over all shaped made it all seem more magical than even Asia's garden.

Still though…

"Well, Asia will be sad now," he commented idly, making Kunou freeze.

"Aunt Asia's plants are the best though! It's just… This is…" He interrupted the little one's backpedaling with a hand on top of her head, ruffling her hair. "Dad!"

"It's fine. I know what you meant," he reassured her. She was saying the garden was great, which was true. Asia's care had brought the best of each plant they had, but the placing and all around structure of the garden they had at home left something to be desired, especially when compared to the sight around them. "Maybe we can work on something to improve things on our side," he commented idly.

"Do you think so?"

"If not, we can just get a new place and do a better job," he added with a shrug. It was a little amusing for him to think like that but… 'If you have cash, you can do whatever you want,' he thought, remembering something his family and him used to say all the time. They'd usually applied it to other people though, since they hadn't been that well off.

Now he could really do almost whatever he wanted when it came to money, or so it felt.

"Really?" Kunou asked, eyes wide.

"We'll have to see. Your mother and Serafall have the last word. I feel like that might be too thoughtless," he answered honestly, making the girl deflate a little. "Come on. I'm sure we can visit plenty of places as good as this one. You have a great garden at home too, I remember."

"But I've seen that one since forever ago," Kunou mumbled with a pout. "Mom tries to change it up at times, but it's not the same, you know?" she added, kicking the edge of one of the garden "islands".

"Yeah, I think I get what you mean," he replied, smiling softly. "Well, all the more reason to enjoy this, right? And like I said, we can look for other chances to travel and see new places. Maybe something other than gardens and cathedrals."

"You mean it?" Kunou asked, eyes wide.

"Promise," he answered with a chuckle. If he had to burn the growing favor Ravel loved to comment on, then so be it. Not like he had something better to do with those at the moment or in general. It felt like he couldn't make that "wallet" empty even if he tried.

"Yay~" Kunou cheered , skipping forward to look around the gardens some more.

"She's an energetic one," Gabriel commented from beside him and Joshua stiffened ever so slightly. It would be a lie to say that it wasn't a little awkward to be around her now that he was aware of things. The change from friend/client to possible love interest was a jarring one for his socially awkward ass, evidently. Pushing through though, he chuckled.

"You've got no idea. Even when she's sitting down doing her homework she'll find a way to be like that," he replied with a grin. "I quite envy her that. Wish I had that much energy," he added, pushing away the feeling that he was old. He was in his twenties, damnit.

Alas, his schedule, packed to the brim as it was, didn't really help matters.

"... They finally got around telling you, huh?" Gabriel said, a little out of nowhere. It didn't take a genius to figure out what she meant though. It also wasn't at all surprising that she noticed either. Just like Serafall, the angel was the best in her entire faction when it came to foreign affairs and that meant that she needed to be good at reading people.

He stood no chance and he hadn't even really so much as hoped that he could get away with things.

"Yep," he replied, trying to sound casual and probably sounding awkward as fuck. That worked out though. At least that way Gabriel would know better what she was getting into with him.

Didn't mean he didn't die a little inside, but such was his life.

"I'd tell you that you don't have to worry or change the way you act at all, but that probably won't help, will it?" the angel asked him, and he could almost hear the smile on her face. Alas, he didn't dare look. Instead, he kept his eyes firmly locked on Kunou in the distance.

Otherwise, he didn't know how he'd deal with the conversation.

"Probably not," he admitted with a nervous grin.

"It's fine. You came, so I don't think I'm being rejected. I'm happy with that much," she told him and he blinked. Well, talk about being perceptive, he supposed. He really shouldn't be surprised, but he still somehow was. "We don't have to talk about it if you are uncomfortable. I can be patient."

"I'm sure," he replied. Patience was a Virtue, after all. "I feel like that'd be disrespectful of me," he added, however. "You deserve better than that. I might be out of my depth in this area, but I just need to… think less," he mused out loud, remembering the words Jeanne had for him. She wasn't wrong that he might be in his head too much.

A relationship was less rational and more emotional, or so he imagined.

"I appreciate you trying," Gabriel told him and, after taking a deep breath in, Joshua turned to look at her. He returned her soft smile with a somewhat awkward, stiff one. That was the most he could offer her at that very moment.

Turning off his brain was easier said than done, after all.

"So…"

"So," she repeated when he trailed off. 'Great, she's teasing me already,' he thought wryly. However, it was somewhat reassuring. This was Gabriel, one of the – if not the, period – kindest people he knew. The worst that could happen was that things didn't work out, but he very much doubted she'd hold a grudge against him or anything. She was also one of the smartest people Joshua knew, at least when it involved people.

If she didn't know what she was getting into, then he didn't know what a ward was.

"Make things difficult for me, why don't you?" he fake-grumbled, glancing towards Kunou to check that she was properly entertained. Not that they could keep things hidden from her for long, but still. "Serafall and Yasaka didn't give me many details regarding what you three talked, but I imagined I don't have to concern myself with the how of this… of this," he finished, failing to find the right words and deciding to leave it at that.

"It's unconventional, at least for us, but not unheard of nor a matter of contention," Gabriel mused and Joshua wondered if that was another DxD thing or if he was just very ignorant in matters of the Bible. Hell, it could even be both, really. "If anything, it's more of a problem that you three are part of different factions and… Well, one of you is a devil," the angel said and Joshua had to hold back a snort.

'This world is insane,' he thought, bringing a hand up to massage his eyelids.

"And yet…"

"And yet I'm choosing to go forward," Gabriel finished with a confident nod that he returned. Well, that cleared one of the biggest doubts. It was incredibly weird and his mind kept screaming at him that nothing made sense and that there had to be a problem somewhere. It wasn't wrong. It was just that the problem was in him rather than in anything else. He seemed to be the weird one in the situation.

"I'm almost positive I know the answer to this next question," he started with, just to try and avoid offending Gabriel. The angel wasn't looking very nervous though, or really… anything at all. She kept her calm outward appearance, with a permanently soft smile on her face. It was just making him more nervous, if he was honest. However, it was somewhat reassuring, even if it sounded contradictory. "But this isn't just a political thing, is it?"

"Not at all," the angel replied, her smile widening a little, as if she found the question amusing. Joshua counted himself lucky that she wasn't angry, if he were honest. "Heaven has never lowered itself to such practices. Over all virtues we put on love-"

"-Which binds everyone together in perfect unity," he finished for her with a wry smile. To her slightly widened eyes, he chuckled. "I won't take credit for that one. Asia," he explained simply, to which the angel giggled behind her hand. "... I imagined as much."

"But you had to make sure. I find that commendable, not at all aggravating," Gabriel told him, showing that yeah, he hadn't been nearly as subtle as he would have wanted. No surprises there though. He was no politician. "Any other question?" she encouraged him, to which he gave her a bitter half-smile.

"Way to put me on the spot for my interrogation," he grumbled.

"You said it yourself. You are out of your depth," she said, which didn't really help. "It's somewhat endearing to see you so unsure, so careful. It shows that, above all else, you are kind. Many others would question things a lot less, they would be overjoyed and that would blind them to the problems this might bring to their lovers and, in my case, potential lover. If you weren't this considerate, I wouldn't like you, Joshua." Well, there went most of whatever composure he managed to put together, he supposed.

How was he supposed to take such praise from Gabriel of all people and not feel at least a little bashful?

"So, feel free to ask to your heart's content, Joshua," she finished, making him take a deep breath in and then letting it out in a chuckle. "Did I say something funny?"

"Sort of," he answered, running his fingers through his hair. "It just that you answered my last question rather thoroughly without knowing," he told her, making the angel blink.

"Ah."

"Indeed," he confirmed with a nod, laughter still in his voice. "Thanks for… well, being patient with me," he said, turning to look at Kunou now that most of the heavy conversation was over. He needed to get his mind together once more, it seemed. "I guess that's part of what makes me… How did you put it, overjoyed with this. That kindness, that patience… Those Virtues. I envy you, but I also admire you for them. You are an incredible person, Gabriel, and I think that bears mentioning, despite being obvious."

"I'm glad you think that," she told him, and when he turned he saw her smiling… in a completely different way from most other times. It was soft, yes, but it wasn't that distant kindness that was prevalent in her. This was a more… emotional one, if that made any sense. She looked truly happy instead of just… smiling.

It was a difficult expression to explain, or maybe he was just bad at describing it.

"So…" she urged him, to which he chuckled again.

"So…" he started, turning to look directly at her once more. No other way to say what he was about to, after all. "What I'm getting at is that I'd be happy to be with you, Gabriel, if you'll have me."

"I'd love to," she replied. Her smile didn't change this time, but something else did and that was her cheeks, which gained a slight blush that made her look exceedingly cute-

"Dad!"

"... I love her to bits," he commented, his expression turning flat. "But sometimes her timing is… something."

"Indeed," Gabriel said, giggling behind her hand.

And if the angel walked a little closer to him as they continued on their way behind the excited child, neither of them mentioned it.

[}-o-{]​

[Aika Kiryuu]

"Unfortunately, I can't teach you how to read the visions the spells provide you," her teacher explained, eyes closed, like she almost always did. Aika was half-convinced she only did that to appear cool and mysterious, considering she wasn't blind, but she let her get away with it. Especially because she was a certified master of the branch of magic she was interested in and also because she was good at teaching.

A handful of classes and Aika already felt much more confident in her magic.

Not to say that she was making huge progress, but it was nice to be making progress at all. Despite all the books Joshua had provided and all the general magic tips he gave her, Aika hadn't been doing so well in practice. The spells worked and she somehow understood, but it wasn't often that she got any kind of clear picture from any of her attempts. She played it off well, but it had been frustrating.

It was one of the reasons she'd pushed for more help, selfish and greedy as that made her feel.

"The spells provide you with a vision that you can understand. You and nobody else," her teacher continued, breaking Aika from her musings and she continued taking notes. It was somewhat frustrating to know that nobody would give her the magic equivalent of a dictionary to understand Divination magic better, but alas… No shortcuts in life, it seemed.

At least, no more than she'd already gotten, by the sounds of it.

Because Joshua might not be a Divination magician novice, or master, or any other kind, but he had an outlook on magic in general that just… Opened her eyes, in a way. She hadn't realized until after having Levi and now her teacher speak of things, but Joshua had a radically different view of magic. It was that same view, the one that afforded her an edge, less restricted, less stiff.

Not that she was anywhere close to being the freak of nature that Joshua seemed to be, but Aika seemed to have benefitted quite a lot from having magic introduced to her by the man.

"So, my advice is to approach things little by little. Use spells that are simpler, test the visions and get used to interpreting them. Preferably with spells that you can easily verify, of course," her teacher told her and Aika nodded, noting that down too. Sounded like a logical enough step. "We can go over that for the next few classes while I help you learn some useful spells, from the very basics to some must-haves."

"Of course. Thank you," she said, as always, because she wanted to be properly polite with the magicians she came across. From her teacher to Director Agnes and everyone in between. Aika wouldn't admit it, but she was kind of terrified of them all. They were, after all, people that had been part of that world for years, if not their whole lives.

In comparison, what was she, with barely any time at all learning magic?

There was also the fact that many of them didn't like her, by the looks of it. Whenever she had to move through the halls of the association, be it to get to her classes, the library or one of the practice rooms, she'd see, from the corner of her eyes, how people watched her, some even glaring. Whispers would follow after her when she moved through the place and it was not only worrying her, but also scaring her a little.

She didn't have the power to deal with any of them, she knew.

The only thing keeping her safe was House of Water itself and her association with Joshua, if she had to bet. After all, the staff was always polite to the point where they looked as scared as her, most of the time. She didn't know the specifics, but it was evident that the association was neck deep in debt with Joshua, and she was benefiting from that.

Still though, that wasn't stopping most people that weren't part of the association nor some of the more bitter members of it, evidently.

She was honestly wondering if she should bring it up with House of Water or Joshua. The latter though, she was a little reluctant to involve in that. He was always working on something, to the point that it was a little concerning. And that was coming from her, who didn't get to see the man all that much. On top of that, she'd received entirely too big a blessing as it was, with all that the man had done for her.

Levi had made sure that she understood how the supernatural world worked in broad strokes, after all, and one thing he emphasized was that debts had to be paid. The world seemed to have a weird equivalent exchange culture going, where if you received something, you had to pay it back. That is, unless you didn't mind being seen as ungrateful, a disgrace, a betrayer. How bad you'd look ignoring your debts kind of depended on how big what you owed was, really.

As for House of Water… Well, they were already doing what they could. Short of putting someone at her beck and call and surrounding her with bodyguards, they were treating Aika like she was some kind of royalty. Everytime she said anything, they seemed to bend over backwards to accommodate or provide. It was actually kind of awkward, reassuring and unnerving at the same time, which was certainly an odd combination.

"No idea why the Professor bothers." Aika held back a flinch as one of the harsher, louder whispers reached her ears. "Divination, honestly… Maybe I should show them," the person hissed and she almost stiffened. The chuckles that followed reassured her little, but she decided to get out of there as quickly as-

"Hey there!" a louder, more open voice called from entirely too close for comfort. Before Aika could react though, an arm had been thrown around her shoulders. "Aika Kiryuu, right?" a girl asked her and she turned warily, taking note of the fair complexion, auburn hair and blue eyes. She also seemed about her age, if she had to guess, maybe a little older. None of that was familiar to her, so she prepared herself for something unpleasant.

It had been a while since she'd been bullied and she really wasn't looking forward to it.

"I'm Meredith Ordinton. A fellow Davis apprentice," the girl introduced herself and Aika almost relaxed. Almost, but not quite. She could be lying, after all. "The official one, if you will."

"Official one?" she asked somewhat curtly, warily.

"No need to be so nervous! I'm the one that everyone knows is his apprentice. Gave him a little boost in reputation, which he seemed to need, for whatever reason. Not to brag, but I'm his best student… When you don't count theory alone, at least," Meredith answered happily, although there was a bit of a grumble there at the end. "Among other things, that is, but none of those are important. Where are you going, by the way?"

"... To the practice grounds," Aika answered reluctantly. She pondered on the idea of not telling her, but she didn't know how that would help any. She'd just have to put up with it. She was going to the practice grounds and there was always someone from House of Water there, so she'd be safe.

"Great. I'll take you there," Meredith declared more than asked. "Also, you can look for me if you ever need anything," the girl continued, finally letting go of Aika's shoulder and letting her walk normally. "People around here aren't fans of us, after all, so we gotta stick together. I'll introduce you to the Stars too, they'll help you out if you need it."

"Like Levi?" Aika asked, finally catching something that she actually knew about.

"Like Levi," Meredith answered with a nod. "Although, no offense to him, he can only really help with theory. The best in the field though. If you need help with anything else, like casting or scaring away idiots-" the girl continued, waving her hand to signal their surroundings at the last part. "-then just get anyone else. Most of us have enough power to scare away most students or magicians around the place."

"That so?" Aika replied simply. She wasn't sure how to deal with this new situation and person. Meredith sounded trustworthy enough, but she was too on guard, considering how most others seemed to react to her. Maybe this was a trap of some kind?

"They got to you already, huh?" Meredith asked, a sad smile on her face. "Doesn't matter. We'll just have to help you along. Ask Joshua about us, if you have doubts. I'm sure he can show you an illusion of how we look so that you can be sure. No one that's not a higher up can disguise themselves in House of Water bases."

That was good to know… if it was true. And Aika would definitely ask Joshua about both the students and that feature of the bases. Nothing Meredith was saying would be taken at face value, she decided. If she was actually nice, then it'd leave her feeling a little awkward, but that was better than if she wasn't nice and Aika trusted her.

"Nobody's bothering you, right?" Meredith asked, looking around as if she could find out the answer herself like that. "I know people are jealous of me, so I imagine it's not much better for you. That's why I came looking for you. If someone's causing you trouble, let me know, either now or later, yeah? I might not look it, but I can kick ass."

"I'll take your word for it," Aika replied blandly. She didn't know how else to, really. She didn't want to outright antagonize Meredith, especially if she could "kick ass", but she also didn't want to be too open. It left her in an odd spot, but she'd have to manage. "I appreciate the offer."

"Don't mention it," Meredith said, waving her off. "So, is your magic branch really Divination? There's bets going on around here, but nobody really knows or can find out. House of Water is really keeping a close eye on you."

"... It is," she replied, because she didn't see the point in not doing so. She almost wanted that to be a mistake, if only to reveal if Meredith was someone to stay away from. Her nerves were getting frayed and she wasn't a fan.

"Huh? Well, I don't think anyone actually thought that was it, but it's cool," the girl commented, showing not a care other than some surprise and curiosity. "I use Protection magic, by the way. Well, that and Wards and Hexes, after taking Joshua's classes," she added with a friendly smile.

Aika would be lying if she said she wasn't getting convinced.

If she was acting, then Meredith was good.

"Well, here we are," the auburn-haired girl said. 'When did we walk all the way over here?' Aika wondered, blinking at the entrance ahead of them. "Have fun with your practice, yeah? I'll look for someone to spar against somewhere else. This is more of a chill practice room."

"Have fun too," she replied, barely managing not to make it sound like a question. "And see you around."

"Don't be a stranger!" Meredith called from behind her as she moved in through the door.

Well, it seemed she might not be lying… and Aika was really glad that there were some more people in her corner, she had to admit..

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Is the first part of this chapter as awkward as I think it is? Hopefully not. Then again, I guess it being awkward would work well, considering Joshua should be awkwardly moving through that conversation… Great, now I'm worried it might not be awkward enough…

Fuck my life, I guess.

Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter though.

Random Question: Thinking is hard right now. What are your thoughts about the chapter?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 193 others
Adrian King
Nov 5, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 163 - We Will neither Break nor Bend
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Nov 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#708
We Will neither Break nor Bend

[Joshua Davis]

He looked forward, expression empty of emotions as his mind worked.

The screams were barely heard in favor of processing all the data his spells were feeding him. There was a lot to go over and the painful wails weren't really giving him much other than… Well, that the process was painful, which was both expected and already proven. So, that was useless to think about. Might as well focus on everything else, since it was all new.

Wasn't like Katerea hadn't earned herself this treatment, considering she joined a terrorist organization hell-bent on causing the end of the world for petty pride. Maybe she wasn't aware of that last fact, but she was aware that they were all pieces of shit. Furthermore, she hadn't seen anything wrong with what she did and hadn't spared a single thought to the fact that what Khaos and herself did might be wrong.

At least Kalawarna had been small fry, someone that didn't really have a lot of options when she was recruited. She'd have gotten killed if she decided to say no. She had ultimately been a loyal member and all, but it was a little more forgivable when it was someone that was low on the totem pole.

Katerea was a higher up, she had the power and the options to say no and do something else with her life. Instead, she'd decided that she was a petty bitch and she wanted the world to suffer the consequences. Which was why Joshua was a lot less sympathetic with her, obviously.

So, he didn't feel bad at all for testing things on her, Shalba and Kokabiel. There was a lot of information they could provide on a number of things, after all. Was it wrong of him to experiment on prisoners? Probably. He wasn't too clear on it, but he thought it was a war crime.

Ultimately, things were different in the supernatural world, he guessed. Because nobody had so much as tried to dissuade him of what he was doing, so that had to mean something, right? For once, he was grateful and not really all that awkward about it though. If what he did was wrong, after all, he'd still have wanted to go through with it and that'd have caused a lot of problems.

Joshua needed the information, all the information he could get. He needed it so that he could be better prepared, so that he could grow stronger, so that he could face Khaos Brigade on a better footing. Khaos had some bullshit characters on its side and Joshua couldn't afford to pull any punches.

Not when Trihexa was looming in the distance, the ever approaching threat.

He knew canon had dealt with it ultimately. However, canon had long since been thrown out the window. Furthermore, even if things went according to canon… That wasn't something Joshua could let happen, for a number of reasons. Not only had the entire thing been a shitshow, but a lot of factions had been crippled with the resealing of the Beast, sending some of their strongest people into the seal with it.

People that included Serafall.

So no, Joshua needed to stop that from happening altogether.

For that, he needed more options, more countermeasures, more plans, more wards, more hexes, more boons, more magic, more people, more power…

He needed a lot of things. So, he'd work to get all that he could possibly need. He'd make his familiars stronger. He'd train Raynare and Kuroka. He'd spellcraft as many spells as he could come up with. He'd earn more favor with factions and powerful people. He'd continue to wage war against Khaos Brigade.

"... You… monster," Katerea muttered, half out of it as he stopped his spells from poking, prodding and pulling at the power of Ophis that resided in her body now. Joshua found that fascinating and he couldn't wait to crack its secrets, find a way to emulate or at least use that. It'd take time, but he imagined it'd be great to have as an option for himself or for someone else.

Alas, it'd take time. Not only because he only had a single unused vial of the stuff, but also because the thing was… very much not safe to use. Katerea, Shalba and Kokabiel were affected by their use of the thing. It was consuming them, twisting them, corrupting them.

Joshua actually likened it to the Evil Pieces effect on Stray Devils. Just like those were corrupted by the demonic energies in them, uncontrolled by a devil King, people were just as tainted by the power of Ophis coursing through them. It was something that not just anyone could handle and the fact that two Satan descendants and one Cadre weren't able to handle it without help spoke volumes.

As it was, Joshua actually had to step in and support them against the effects of the thing. For one, because he needed them to remain somewhat intact so that he could continue gathering data undisturbed. For another, dealing with it was something he had to get better at anyway, so he might as well practice with targets he didn't care for.

"Yeah, well," he replied, unconcerned by the out of it glare that the female devil was sending his way. "Again, you should have known better," he commented with a shrug, noting down some new data in a notebook.

Shalba and Katerea could call him a monster all they wanted. The fact of the matter was that he had accepted the fact that he might be one long ago. If being a monster kept his loved ones safe, then so be it. He couldn't afford to be nice and soft, not when his enemies didn't care for how badly they'd hurt everyone for their goals, or as their goals.

If the roles were reversed, they wouldn't care for him.

And for everyone he cared about, Joshua didn't mind stooping to their level.

[}-o-{]​

"You know the drill," Joshua said, glancing around the training grounds he had taken at House of Water for his class that day instead of the usual classroom. "And I'm sure you can feel my spells around already anyway," he added with a lazy smile.

It was kind of interesting. After a while, he'd gotten used to teaching, but it hadn't become boring, somehow. It was just… a part of the routine, something calm, something stable, something he was used to and was confident in. His students learned and he taught, they got better and he felt useful for helping them. It was a nice dynamic, he decided.

He enjoyed it, even if it wasn't the most exciting part of his day.

In a way, it was like Asia's garden. Tending to the plants wasn't fun, but it was fulfilling. Teaching held the same kind of joy for him, he supposed. More directly, since it was also accompanied, occasionally, with interesting ideas brought by students, sometimes unknowingly, sometimes knowingly.

"Those same spells will take care of any mishap, so don't worry about it. Just do your best," he told his students, who all shuffle where they stand. He didn't blame them much. It was different from testing modified spells of their chosen branch or even wards from their secondary magic branch. Hexes were not nice and neither were their failure effects. Spell failures were dangerous on even the most benign branches, but with things like Hexes?

Yeah, he really didn't blame them for being nervous.

Even the guy that actually had Hex Magic as his main branch was nervous and Joshua respected him all the same.

He was probably the one that had the most reason to be afraid, actually.

"Now, we have to get started some day," Joshua commented mercilessly. Because he understood their nerves, but he still had to keep things going. He had a class plan to stick to and he didn't have an abundance of time to waste. "Who wants to go first?"

Predictably, nobody answers.

That's why he brought Plan B.

"Kunou, can you choose someone?" he asked, his smile gaining a bit of an edge. Really, his students should know better than to not engage by then. The only ones exempt from his annoyance were the Stars, which he'd specifically asked not to be the first to offer for stuff. The rest of the classes were starting to take advantage of the buffer effect the Stars gave in regards to classes, since they were always the first to answer or ask questions, which meant that everyone else didn't get to or, more specifically, need to participate as much.

"Her!" his daughter called, as if she were picking her teammate for a game and not sending someone to demonstrate their magic prowess in front of a class with quite the volatile branch of it. The woman in question, a little on the older side of his classes, looking somewhere in her thirties if he had to guess, nodded stiffly, a grim expression on her now pale face. She looked like she was off to a war and not a practical exercise in a class.

Joshua wondered if it was a magician thing to be more dramatic or if maybe it was another case of him being the weird one out…

Idly, as the woman prepares to cast her spell, Joshua glanced at his daughter.

He brought her to the class not only to help him pick randomly people to test their magic first. The actual reason was that the House of Water had some nice places to look at around the association's base. So, he'd brought her on a little trip and she'd insisted on going to his class.

Thus, there they were.

He'd made sure to demand Agnes had the best security she could get, which apparently included actual gods and goddesses from a handful of small local-ish and not-so-local-ish pantheons. He'd gotten a list that he shared with Yasaka and Serafall and they'd approved, so that was good. Had that little whim burned a ridiculous amount of the favor he'd gotten from House of Water?

Definitely.

Kunou had enjoyed walking around and getting a tour from Agnes herself though, so Joshua counted it as a win. Ravel hadn't been a fan of the decision, but she'd gone along with it too, so he appreciated that. Not like he'd gotten rid of all his favor anyway and he was consistently building more with each class he gave anyway – some occasional defense setting jobs he took –, nevermind being an actual part of the association.

To hear his secretary tell it, House of Water couldn't get out from under his thumb even if he wanted them to.

Somehow, the thing Joshua considered himself the most grateful for was that Ravel and Agnes took care of all the politics involved. He just needed to do stuff and leave the people-ing to them. That suited him just fine and made him all that much more grateful for Serafall throwing the Phenex her way.

"Whenever you are ready," he commented, focusing back on the class as the woman triple checked her set up. The hex was fairly simple, but he didn't rush her. So long as she was actually working and not shuffling nervously, then the time was accounted for. He'd made sure to set aside plenty because he expected people wouldn't be very quick about it.

"Dad! Look!" Kunou called excitedly and Joshua turned, raising an eyebrow at the sheepish student in front of her. A girl about Meredith's age, by the looks of it, stood in front of his daughter with a nervous smile on her face. She was casting magic too, and Kunou seemed thoroughly entertained by the earth golem in dog shape that trotted around in front of her. "Isn't it neat?!" his daughter asked and he smiled a little wider.

"Sure is," he replied, glancing towards Ravel, who huffed with an exasperated smile and started noting down something. Was it a good idea to reward a student just for that? No. If there was one thing Joshua loved doing though, that was spoiling his daughter.

Granted, he needed to do that in moderation, but that was only in regards to the bad kind of spoiling.

He was pretty sure Yasaka would approve of something minor – if slightly silly – like that.

[}-o-{]​

Project Life – originally a combination of Everchanging, Intelligence and Soul – was being tested once more.

This time with something more serious than making tea.

On one side, Raynare was working with Incinerate Anthem, shaping the fire into animals and having the Gear help her give them more life instead of just making them fire puppets. It seemed to be entertaining for the Sacred Gear with awareness, which meant that Raynare had an easier time working with it and it worked for Joshua's purposes, so it was kind of a win-win-win. Everyone was happy with the arrangement.

On his other side, Kuroka faced Jeanne. The reincarnated nekoshou was having some fun going all out in her senjutsu and youjutsu practices, which gave him plenty of info in regards to life energy usage and such. 'Been a while since I did more than regular training and sensing in regards to life energy, now that I think about it,' Joshua mused idly.

As for Jeanne, she was still getting used to The Maiden.

Joshua would admit to thinking that the Gear creation was a very impressive piece of summoning. It reminded him of a Susanoo from Naruto, sort of. Except that The Maiden was a solid piece, made – somehow, don't ask him the specifics – of swords. Armor in the shape of a woman's upper chest and head, with a single arm and a giant sword. It floated over and behind her, like a looming presence, a manifestation of her battle spirit…

Or, maybe, a manifestation of Jeanne D'Arc in general.

Joshua didn't delve too much in Sacred Gear bullshit if he didn't need to though. He had entirely too little time for all the things he needed to work on. So, he decided to focus on the aspect of Jeanne's Balance Breaker that he needed at that very moment.

Why was he analyzing all three of them though? Simple. He was trying to create a spell that would think for itself, analyze new variables and apply them to itself. Like at that moment, where he had made a basic energy absorbing array and linked it with the "intelligent" spell to try and have it drain Incinerate Anthem's fire constructs, Kuroka's senjutsu and youjutsu spells and Jeanne's Blade Blacksmith crafts.

And…

'Lots of work needs to be done,' he thought wryly. The spell got confused a lot, but it did manage to adapt at times. Joshua was kind of glad about it though, because he was wary of progressing too quickly when it came to making artificial intelligence. It gave him time to think over possibilities, observe things and make sure that he didn't forget anything.

As it was, he was coming up with a number of ways to avoid producing magical skynet. None of them were guaranteed to work though, so he'd have to be careful and continue working on that. As of that moment, his best bet was magical intent and maybe something else that could give that an extra oomph to more securely lock the goal of the spell array and contain it to only achieving what he allowed it to achieve.

This was where things got troublesome though, since Joshua himself had, several times, overrode the bindings of others and placed himself in control. With Nurarihyon, he'd designated himself as the master of his defenses before turning them on the faction leader. The same had been done when he was attacking Hexennacht too, or even other Khaos bases that he'd targeted.

It was doable, if increasingly difficult depending on how good the bindings were set up. Alas, nothing was infallible, so he was reluctant to place his trust on that when it came to Artificial Intelligence. He had to find something though, because there was no way he could keep going without some sort of failsafe in place.

And without Project Life, there was no way he could counter Annihilation Maker.

Joshua was trying, he really was, but there was nothing that came to mind that could work on literally anything. Because that was what the Longinus Gear basically was. It could make any kind of creature imaginable, and that meant that Joshua needed just as many options to fight back, which he had… just not as quickly at hand. Annihilation Maker could make anything with a thought and energy. Joshua needed to actually put in the work to make adjustments or new spells and there was no way he could out-speed the Longinus without Project Life basically doing the thinking for him.

'This is gonna take a lot of work…'

[}-o-{]​

[Penemue]

Meetings had been tense since the attack on Kyoto.

Not something that was overly surprising, Penemue would admit. It was just something that her mind couldn't help but bring up everytime she found herself in that room, with those people. The atmosphere was nothing like it had once been and it had changed the whole thing from a somewhat calm affair – almost a break from regular work – to something she dreaded being part of.

Azazel had managed to calm down Yasaka, Serafall, Gabriel and Joshua with his explanation that Vali was actually a spy. Evidently though, that hadn't really made things go back to normal. All it had done was ensure that they were still part of the whole alliance that had been set up.

And yet, Penemue found herself more nervous than if they had been kicked out.

Because she'd have found it understandable if the leaders were wary of them. She'd have done the same thing, after all. No, something else was going on though, because they were bordering on hostile throughout all meetings. Even Joshua, who had gone back to mostly just being there and barely speaking, couldn't be bothered to look at them with anything but cool contempt.

"And that's what Vali informed," Azazel finished his report with, all smiles like they weren't in what was now borderline enemy territory. The only reason they kept going was because… Well, Penemue would have stopped going, but Azazel insisted and it wasn't like she didn't see the merit.

Khaos was a menace and they needed to be dealt with.

At the same time, Penemue could do without being a step away from getting killed, quite honestly.

"We'll look through those," Serafall commented, all smiles and cheer, but there were little things that told a different story. Penemue had very much noticed how she no longer addressed either Azazel or her with a nickname or even a name. It was like the devil had to force herself to speak to them at all.

And that was only one of the things.

Another was what she said, like there'd be much more going on in regards to Khaos Brigade and the meeting than they would be aware of. They were no longer core members of the whole thing. No. Now, they were just… underlings, for lack of a better term. It was galling, but then again…

"We can deal with some of them, you know?" Azazel replied, smiling even wider. "No need to do everything yourselves."

"Except there is," Joshua commented, his voice cutting through the whole room. For one, because he hardly spoke. For another, because it was still very jarring to hear him speak so coldly, so curtly. It was a stark contrast from the mild-mannered man she'd come to know. "In case it wasn't clear, none of us trusts you, Azazel. Grigori even less so."

Well, way to be blunt about it.

"That hurts, Joshua, truly," Azazel said, not at all looking actually hurt. "I thought we were reasonable people here, man."

"That's your problem," Joshua pointed out, sitting straighter and locking his gaze on her boss. Penemue, for her part, found herself freezing. Not at the words or anything related to the human in the room, however. No, what gave her pause was the slight, almost unnoticeable shift in Azazel.

She doubted even people as skilled as Yasaka, Gabriel and Serafall couldn't tell, but she did, by virtue of knowing Azazel better than most, if not anyone at all.

He was wary.

Azazel was never wary.

"You think I'm reasonable, Azazel," Joshua continued, unaware of what he'd caused. "But I'm really not," the man said, cracking his neck and looking as at ease as anyone could be. "You seem to think we've forgiven everything because of your little spy project."

If anything, the stiffness on Azazel seemed to grow more pronounced and now Penemue had no doubt that the others must have noticed.

"I don't know about everyone else, but I haven't forgiven anything," Joshua told them with a smile that held no cheer nor warmth.

"Why though? I know you went through a tough time, but now we have more information to-"

"Kunou still gets scared at sudden things," Joshua interrupted Azazel with, the facsimile of a smile he was wearing falling apart. "Maybe you think that's an acceptable price, but I don't. Vali Lucifer contributed to that and that makes him unforgivable, as far as I'm aware."

"He wouldn't-"

"He had no control of the situation, not with Cao Cao, True Longinus and Annihilation Maker involved," Joshua interrupted again. "Because if he had any control of that situation, Khaos Brigade would have been destroyed already."

"Joshua-"

"Don't bother," was what followed before a short, cold chuckle. "I don't care for your lies, or your manipulations, or whatever trick you have in mind."

"Joshua," Azazel said, firmly and just as sharp as Davis had been. A moment of seriousness seldomly seen in Penemue's boss. "I'm trying to be patient, but you are testing me. I'm not one to be pushed around, Joshua."

"Neither am I," the human replied with a slight smile on his face. "You thought you could do whatever you wanted and it'd be fine because it was against Khaos Brigade? You were wrong."

"You won't budge, will you?" Azazel asked, bitterly amused.

"I'm glad that's clear," Joshua answered, his grin widening.

"You know you aren't the only one with allies, right?" Azazel pointed out, making the other three faction leaders around the table stiffen. "And furthermore, much as they might like you," her boss continued, emphasizing the last words. "They still can't favor you too much without getting in trouble with their people."

"You think I need them to deal with you?" Joshua asked back, not missing a single second. "I only need myself to deal with Grigori. Do you want to know why?"

"This, I have to hear. It's been a while since my faction has been looked down on like this," Azazel said, annoyance clear in his expression. "You've grown bolder, Joshua."

"I've grown determined, which is different," the human replied, waving off the comment. "And the thing is simple. You know, I've been working on a little something called Project Ascension. You might remember that," he added.

"Threatening to withhold that from us? I didn't take you for that kind of person," Azazel said, not a single hint of amusement present anymore. "And after we helped you so much?"

"There's nothing in this world that's more important to me than my family," Joshua answered with, just as serious as her boss was. "The moment you put them in danger, you stopped being on good terms with me, no matter what."

Penemue was suddenly very aware that it was difficult to breathe in that room.

"And if you think that's all I can do, it's almost funny," Joshua commented, leaning back where he sat. "Let me make you aware of a little something. You can see it as the only benefit you'll get for whatever goodwill we had before this mess you started. I came up with something recently, a little something I'm calling Project Descension."

Project Ascension.

Project Descension.

Penemue gulped and glanced towards Azazel, who had stiffened.

"Maybe you aren't as smart as I thought you were," Joshua continued talking. "Because you seem to fall for the same thing everyone else does, thinking I'm just a human. I'm not just anything, Azazel. I'm Joshua Davis, Pharaoh of the Egyptian Pantheon. You'd do well to remember that I'm just as much of a pushover as you, which is to say not at all, despite how I usually like to do things."

As if to prove his point, his presence in the room grew bigger, stronger, more oppressing.

Penemue could almost feel the Egyptian Pantheon's might looking down on her.

"Keep that in mind."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Life goes on for our boy, even if confrontation is threatening and looming. Khaos Brigade is in Joshua's sight more than ever. Azazel and Grigori are in deep shit. And lastly… Kunou is still adorable and Joshua's still a teacher.

It's kind of fun to see the contrasts in Joshua's day to day as of right now, don't you guy's think? I thought it was interesting, at least.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you think Project Life will get somewhere or will Joshua have to give up on it?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 238 others
Adrian King
Nov 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 164 - Focused on My Own Way
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Nov 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#726
Focused on My Own Way

[Joshua Davis]

He blocked the punch with his hand, feeling the power behind the small fist sending ripples through his arm and shaking his bones.

"You are getting better," he commented, blocking the second attack with his other palm. He got an absent hum in response but the spar continued without much conversation. There was no need for much talking though, really. He could pick up enough through Life Sense, which was something he was trying to put special emphasis on.

That and Life Strengthening.

Joshua had decided that it had been enough of him ignoring his Senjutsu skills. Might as well use what little time he used for personal training to work on those, really. Dagger Mastery and other such skills took forever to get a single level anyway. Not only that, but getting better with Life Sense could come in handy to get information and he imagined getting better at using life energy skills would help with that.

Helped that he was sparring with Koneko, who had insisted on it after she got tired of Kuroka's lessons on the art.

Idly, breaking him from his musings, he felt the nekoshou growing frustrated. Probably because he was sticking to defense only for the most part, which worked perfectly fine for him. However, he guessed it was fair for her to "complain" about it. They were supposed to be sparring, not just training Senjutsu.

Thus, he started actually fighting back.

Annoyance was replaced with some pain, but it wasn't like Koneko was some kind of fragile girl. She was a very talented nekoshou and she was also a Rook, which meant that her Life Strengthening and overall resistance were both pretty high. Joshua was probably the one receiving the most damage from their fighting, quite honestly.

Which also suited him just fine, but that was something for later.

The spar continued, with them trading blows, for quite a while. Between the fact that they were using life energy to power themselves and that they were using the time to practice more than all out fighting, they could go on for a while, nevermind the fact that his stats were fairly high – if he did say so himself – and that Koneko herself was a great fighter too.

"I think that's enough~" Kuroka called and Joshua stopped where he stood, which prompted Koneko to follow suit. Evidently, the younger nekoshou wasn't all that pleased with this development, judging by the clicking of her tongue and the slight frown on her face. "She looks so adorable, doesn't she~?" the older sister cooed, drawing even more annoyance from the white-haired girl.

Not that it was easy to see, considering how impassive she was most of the time. Alas, Joshua had Life Sense going full power and a bunch of spells around for when he had doubts. He was trying not to rely on those too much though, since the whole point of the training session was to get better at using and sensing life energy.

Back to the present though, he had a feeling that it was better if he defused the situation.

"She is," he said, not at all doing what he was setting out to do. Him planting his hand on top of Koneko's head and ruffling her white hair didn't help either. However, he could afford to do all that because he had a fool-proof plan. "On a different note, snacks?"

He'd barely finished the question when the girl hummed her agreement.

Joshua had to hold back a chuckle. She was a glutton like that, evidently. Not that it was new information, but it was always amusing to notice it when that side of hers was shown. She was already plenty adorable, as Kuroka said, but she got even more so when her more childish side shone through.

"Let's go then," he decided, starting to walk out of the training facility. "You want anything in particular?" he asked, idly going over a list of things he had already made and ready to eat in personalized storage spells. Everything there was kept in stasis, at the best temperature and state.

Joshua might be basic because of it, but the things he enjoyed the most about magic was quality of life like that.

"Salty snacks?" Koneko suggested, making him hum.

"That's new," he replied, eyebrows slightly raised. Usually the nekoshou was more of a sweets kind of girl, but oh well. Maybe she felt like changing things up? "Anything else?"

"Tea? Cards?" the girl answered hesitantly as usual. She wasn't one to be very decisive when it came to that kind of stuff for whatever reason. He was pretty sure it had something to do with her not being used to asking for stuff. Rias probably threw things at her before she got to that point and she didn't interact with many people other than her peerage, really.

"Sure thing," Joshua readily agreed.

As he walked, he looked at his hand and flexed his numb fingers. Idly, he circulated his life energy through it, healing the damage his sparring might have done to his muscles, bones and so on. It was slow, since he'd just gotten started but…

[Life Regeneration has gone up a level.]

'Neat.'

[Life Regeneration - 13/100

Determines the user's ability to heal their body with life energy.

Increases the efficacy of Life Regeneration by 13%.]

With his eyes scanning through the screen as he walked, Joshua wondered if he was making good progress. Thirteen levels sounded like a lot, but the healing effect of the skill wasn't all that great. 'Then again, maybe I've been spoiled by having great healing spells… and the Phoenix Spell.'

Speaking of, maybe he could improve on that once he got better at Life Regeneration and eventually got started on the outright healing aspect of life energy usage. As it was, he was just boosting his own body's healing power, but there was an aspect of senjutsu that would actually use life energy to heal oneself and others… but he hadn't gotten to that point yet.

Something for some other time.

As it was, he had enough stuff on his plate.

"And now the Black Cats got a few new cards."

"The normal cats did too," Koneko mumbled, eyes narrowed.

"And I've added a bunch of spells," Joshua joined in, smiling a little wider when they flinched.

"You cheat," the younger one accused.

"Wanna switch decks?"

"... No, thanks."

"Then just get your snacks and say thank you."

"... Thank you."

Kuroka to the side giggled behind her hand while Joshua grinned a little wider.

[}-o-{]​

"She's doing great," Joshua commented, sitting beside Serafall while they both watched Sona go about her second match in the Young Devil Tournament or whatever they were calling it. He still wasn't too sure how the entire thing was organized, let alone called or anything else. All that he cared about was the little snippets that Sona and Serafall shared with him at times and that involved the younger Sitri.

Everything else was kind of meh.

"She sure is~" Serafall readily agreed, shaking on her seat as she leaned forward, all but standing up. Not that it made much of a difference considering Sona's match against Glasya-Labolas was being streamed directly to them. They weren't watching an arena or anything.

He wasn't too sure how the magic worked, but they could watch whatever they wanted from whatever angle they wanted. It was an interesting piece of spellwork that he was sure had Ajuka written all over it. Maybe whenever Joshua had time to kill, he would work on something like that for some storytelling time with Kunou. Something for future Joshua to consider though.

'Why can't I stop coming up with new projects? Damn it,' he cursed with an outward weary sigh.

"Something the matter?" Serafall asked, turning to look at him intently, which made him smile weakly. "Oh, thinking too much again, huh? You know, a girl could feel ignored with you getting lost in thought so much," she commented with a mock pout.

"And I'd apologize," he replied with a slight smile as he leaned in and gave her a peck on the lips. "But you knew what you were getting into," he added, to which it was her time to sigh, but she had a grin of her own plastered on her face.

"I guess I did," she mumbled, sitting back down on the loveseat that they were at to watch the Rating Game. Then she leaned against his side, resting her head on his shoulder. With a humph, she grabbed his arm and wrapped it around her. "Much better."

"Indeed," Joshua agreed, dropping his head on top of hers as they both watched the stream that she was controlling for both of them. That way, they could watch the same thing and he didn't miss any of Sona's "great moments", Serafall's words. "She really is putting on a great performance," he added, once more turning his attention to the match.

It was true that Sona didn't need to impress the higher ups to set up her Rating Game school, since she had a lot of backing in him and Serafall alone, let alone other people willing to do so. However, another thing entirely were the other people she'd need to convince about the fact that her project was a good idea and those were the people that'd actually go to the school. Low Class and Mid Class devils had to have a reason to believe in her goals other than the fact that it was their only option for such.

Otherwise, would it really be worth their time and potentially antagonizing high class devils and up?

Not that Joshua imagined Sona would let her students be intimidated and such, but they didn't know that. The same way that they wouldn't know the school was good even if Sona didn't win Rating Games herself. He'd discussed that with the girl and it seemed to be a bit of an oversight in her plan.

She thought she only needed to set the place up and they'd flock there, considering it was the only place offering them a chance.

However, there would be people that would look at her and see how she hadn't done great in her own Rating Games. Then they'd decide that they were better off on their own. After all, if she couldn't make her own group win the games, then how could she help them win theirs?

Nevermind the fact that Sona was obviously much more of an academic than a practical performer.

The ability to teach how to do something and actually being able to do it did not always go hand in hand, after all. Sometimes it did, but not always. Masters of their craft could be terrible teachers and great teachers could suck at their subject. Joshua needed only to look at his own Stars, with Levi in particular. He was a terrible caster but had great theory work, to the point that he was always giving others pointers, despite the fact that he struggled a great deal with all his spellcasting work.

The point was that if Sona could get some wins in her Rating Game record, solid ones against decent opponents, then it'd give her credibility. She probably would need to enlist some powerful, reputable people for her school, but much of it would fall on her anyway. So, having some success to back herself up would be great.

'Although, maybe I can help with that too…' he thought, an idea popping in his mind. Alas, it was a bit complicated and it required him to go out of his way to help her… Which he probably would leave for later. Much as he loved Serafall and wanted to help make her little sister happy, Joshua was a very busy person. Khaos Brigade and his immediate family were already keeping him very busy, nevermind a handful of other duties he'd accepted for himself.

Maybe once he cleared his schedule some more, he could set aside some time to help Sona.

As it was, there were more pressing matters to deal with.

"You have something in mind, but you are watching Sona. You aren't thinking of adding her to our relationship, are you?" Serafall asked, to which he rolled his eyes and took the soda by his side to drink some. "What's with that lack of reaction? She not good enough for you, mister?"

"Too young," he commented, citing the same reason he'd rejected Rias with. Not that it was the only reason, but still. "Besides, I think I'm being greedy enough as is, thank you."

"Hmmm," Serafall hummed doubtfully, eyes narrowed.

"I was thinking I could do a little something to help her with her school thing. Let me make a call, yeah?" he admitted, waiting until Serafall beamed and nodded to do so. Joshua remembered his mother always being annoyed when his father made work calls when he was supposed to be out of work hours or even on vacations, so… yeah. He'd endeavor to avoid that. "Thanks."

"No, thank you for caring about her," Serafall told him with a warm, soft smile that was very different from her usual childish and playful one.

"You care, so I do," he replied with a grin of his own, kissing her nose before pulling back to make his call. If he'd turned, he might have noticed the slight blush on her face and how cute it made her look. "Hey, Ravel, do you have a minute? I just want you to note something down for me so I don't forget. Something for the future…"

[}-o-{]​

Standing in the huge yet mostly unoccupied room once more, Joshua couldn't help but feel a little uneasy.

He didn't have the best of memories from his previous visits, after all, plagued by failures. Sure, he'd made things work somewhat as of late, but it didn't take away from the fact that he was failing. Somehow, falling just short made it all the worse. Watching his friend desperately cling to those moments he could afford him left Joshua feeling like he'd almost rather have failed completely.

Almost, of course.

"All ready?" Sairaorg asked him and Joshua glanced once more at the arrays he'd just finished setting up. All the wards, hexes and boons had been cast and the entirety of them was waiting for him to pull the metaphorical trigger. He was mostly double checking that he hadn't forgotten a spell somewhere. He didn't, of course, but he couldn't help but worry at times.

"All ready," he confirmed with a nod, taking a deep breath in.

Then he got the spells started.

Immediately, Misla's Sleep Disease was targeted and pushed back. The boons helped her recover, boosting her natural capabilities as if it were Senjutsu's strengthening and regeneration effects but through magic, as best as Joshua could manage. The hexes, for their part, viciously attacked at the illness' connection to the woman, trying to weaken its hold and make it disappear. The wards, for their part, filled the gaps, helping the boons and the hexes at the same time.

"Sai," he heard, but Joshua focused on his duty instead of the touching reunion of mother and son. It shouldn't have been as moving as the first one, especially since he'd woken her up a handful of times already. However, that was hardly the case in reality.

Sairaorg was always just as moved, with his voice and hands shaking, as that first time.

Misla's eyes filled with the same amount of emotion as they had back then.

One of the reasons why he didn't want to focus on them was because it felt like he was intruding in their moment. He was just a friend of Sairaorg's, nothing more, nothing less. Misla barely knew he existed, since they had better things to talk about, like all the things the woman had missed while she slept. He understood that and he was fine with that, which was why he wanted to give them all the time they might need.

Another reason was because he had something to focus on at that moment and he'd made sure to tell Sairaorg about it. After all, his friend was the kind of guy that might try to pull him into the conversation despite it being better to focus on themselves. Joshua had work to do for the sake of his friend, and he'd be damned if he half-assed it.

So, he kept himself intently reading the feedback of his spells, noticing all the new little things that his changes to the array threw his way. It was then that Joshua finally got information that he wanted to get instead of something that pointed him in yet another new direction. Something finally went as planned, with the previous information leading not to a dead end but to an actual good spot.

'Finally,' he thought, a grin forming on his face.

Turns out that he was right. The Sleep Disease did indeed have something to do with the soul, which was why it was so difficult to get rid of once it settled fully. However, it wasn't as bad as he'd thought either, which was a very big relief. He'd thought the thing intertwined itself with the soul of the victim, making itself part of it, part of them.

However, that wasn't the case, fortunately.

He'd dreaded what he'd have had to do if that was, indeed, what was going on.

Instead, what Joshua figured from the new information coming in was that the disease didn't make itself a part of the person's soul like that. Instead, it was more like an… octopus-like parasyte, metaphorically speaking. It wrapped around the soul of the patient, grabbing onto anything it could and very determinedly refusing to let go. Its hold was strong, to the point that pulling it off was actually quite dangerous…

Which made it very fortunate that it was so difficult to do.

What Joshua had been doing while waking up Misla before was, more than taking away the disease momentarily, offering a moment of strength to the woman to push through the illness' effects. The disease had always been there, he'd just gotten rid of the effects momentarily while the illness fought to bring them back in a battle that it was always going to win. After all, while he treated symptoms, the illness had been securely in place.

Now though, that was about to change.

Because he could see the main "body" of the Sleep Disease. Furthermore, he had the right spells to sever the connection it held with Misla. He didn't go for it immediately though, but that was because the soul was a fragile thing, or so he imagined. He didn't want to inadvertently harm Misla, so he needed to be careful.

"Misla, Sairaorg, I can start proper, actual treatment right now," he said, his focus still mostly on what he was "seeing". He didn't want to rush the process, he really didn't bit… "It's going to get more difficult the more we push it off," he added, wanting them to get the whole picture as best as he could manage to explain it in a constrained amount of time.

With every session, with every time Joshua prodded the disease, it reacted differently, which was why he tried to cover as many bases as he could every single time. He couldn't afford to waste time.

And now…

"We can probably push it off some more sessions, fi you want me to be more sure, but…"

"Do it," Misla said, her voice more firm and strong than he'd ever heard it. Joshua wondered if that was the improvement on his spells or how serious she was. Maybe both? "I've been a prisoner in my own body for long enough. I want to be free."

"... Sairaorg?"

"... She decides," his friend replied and Joshua took a moment to breathe in deeply and then let the air out.

Then he nodded.

So, slowly, carefully, he started prodding the disease as best he could. Continuing with the octopus metaphor, Joshua pulled it off one sucker at a time. It was a nerve wracking process, considering that he expected the disease would lash out much like it did whenever he tried to tone down its effects, but he wanted to get his foot in the door properly before moving onto the next phase. So, one step at a time, he managed to get the hold the illness had on Misla to loosen up the smallest bit.

Pausing at that, Joshua had to wonder if to keep going or trying to make do with the progress he had made.

It felt like taking a gamble, every little bit of progress he'd made so far and going for more. Every single thing he did could cause the disease to go berserk on him and that had great chances of being bad, now that soul stuff was on the line. However, not securing his own hold on things more had the same chances, so Joshua was left standing between a rock and a hard place.

'I can work with this,' he decided, taking a deep breath in and glancing at Misla and Sairaorg. They were talking between themselves once more and he barely caught a few words about the Young Devil Rating Games before nodding and turning back to what he was doing. 'Wish I could be as nonchalant as them,' he mused, but then again. Maybe they were trying to distract themselves from what was going on. 'Better to get started on the next phase.'

Sure, pushing the foot a little further in the door was great, but it was better to have everything ready for the big push rather than be surprised by a lash out. The disease was a dangerous piece of work and Joshua didn't want to give it a chance to catch him with his guard down. If he had to struggle a bit more, it was better than risking it all to make things a little easier. That's why Joshua started preparing for the next step in the process.

Searching for the spots to pull from with all his sensing capabilities, he focused the spells he'd already cast in the right areas, making some minor adaptations and re-castings after adapting to a few new pieces of information. 'Thank God you finally decided to play ball,' he thought with a slight grin. After running into so many complications, he had stopped expecting to finally have the right information and assumptions.

It was bound to happen though, that he'd reach the end of the line.

And now he had.

"You might feel this," he said out loud, drawing the two devils' attention towards him once more. "This might be unpleasant, even painful."

"... Are you confident?" Misla asked, her expression clear of the fond smile she had while talking with Sairaorg. Joshua looked at her and weighed the situation in his mind. Was he confident? Yes. However, it was also true that he was rushing things a little. Then again, there was no telling if things would be easier if he put it off. For all he knew, they could even be harder.

"As confident as I can be," he replied honestly, a grimace of a smile on his face.

Misla stared at him for a long moment before simply nodding, as if she had gotten what she wanted from him.

"Go ahead," she told him and Joshua looked at Sairaorg, who looked about as grim as he felt. Well, it seemed that they were going for it. So, with a deep breath in, he nodded back at the woman, who smiled at him. "You've been a good friend of my son's, it seems. I can't wait to get to know you."

"... Same, Ma'am," he replied and she smiled wider. Nothing else was said, so he decided to take that as his cue. Hesitating for a single second, he triggered the many spells he needed to and got to it. It was going to be a long, difficult process, but Joshua was going to do his best.

It took less than a second for the Sleep Disease to react to what he did, lashing out much like it had before, except this time it also tried to strengthen whatever hold on Misla's soul it still had. Joshua had done a good enough job getting it away though, it seemed, because what he'd managed to do so, had stayed that way. Furthermore, his sudden attack had managed to pull even more of the illness away from her soul too.

Narrowing his eyes, he tried to see if it was enough. He couldn't risk being wrong, not with Misla's soul right there in between his array and the Sleep Disease. So, he looked at everything as quickly as he could, adjusting what he could without needing to spend much time and continuing his assault.

Slowly, he peeled the disease off of her as carefully as possible, trying not to be too slow else he gave the illness time to latch back on.

And, in the end, after what felt like hours and a single second at the same time, he breathed out a weary sigh.

"Did it work?" Sairaorg asked, unknowingly voicing his own question as he desperately tried to read all the information he was getting. Ultimately, there was only one way to know for sure if something had gone wrong and that was checking on Misla herself, no spells and no senses. Considering he was relatively new to souls, he might miss something in that regard, after all.

So, both Joshua and his friend stared at the woman, now laying back on her bed with her eyes closed.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, mostly a chill chapter…

Except that maybe we are witnessing a fairly big magical step for Joshua. In a way, I think it falls just short of giving an angel more wings. Arguably on par with that, considering the Sleep Disease has been known to affect devils no matter who they are, how strong they are or literally anything at all. An incurable, inescapable disease, as far as Devil society is concerned.

Either way, certainly a big step for our boy, regardless.

Let's hope it goes, well, yeah?

Speaking of hopes, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you think Joshua came up with to help Sona? A little disconnected from the main point of this chapter, but this is supposed to be a random question.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, AdamKadamon and 209 others
Adrian King
Nov 19, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 165 - Longing, Looking, Hoping
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Nov 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#732
Longing, Looking, Hoping

The fluttering of Misla Bael's eyes wasn't as reassuring as one would think.

Sometimes being imaginative was awful, after all, just like at that moment. Why? Because his mind apparently couldn't stop conjuring spots where he might have messed up. This was made even worse when what he'd been working with was the soul of his friend's mother. Any small thing could have killed her or irreparably damaged her self, her mind, her body, what she was as a devil and any number of other things that made her who she was. It had been beyond risky and he was very aware of that.

"That was… unpleasant," the woman muttered, her voice weak and rough but otherwise apparently fine. Joshua didn't get his hopes up though, frantically looking through all the information he had for any inconsistencies that he couldn't attribute to the Sleep Disease being gone. Nothing was popping up, but maybe… "I'm… I think I'm fine?" the woman said, moving her fingers a little and looking down at herself. Almost like she knew something could be wrong with her still, besides the illness going away.

It wasn't much, but Joshua didn't expect much either. She'd been left exhausted in a way that seemed to have eaten even at her life energy, nevermind her magic. She was recovering though, slowly but surely. He could probably set up some spells to help her with that, but he didn't want to so much as touch her with anything until he was sure everything was alright.

"Mom?" Sairaorg asked and Joshua held back a flinch. If things hadn't gone well…

"Sai," the woman answered, a soft warm smile on her face as her son took her hand in his. She looked at him, all the right emotions were there and Joshua still didn't pick up anything weird. "It seems we owe the young man plenty."

"We do," Sairaorg replied and just when Joshua was about to say something on the matter, his friend turned to pin him with a look that was almost a glare. It made his mouth click shut, which caused the devil to nod and turn back to Misla. Well, it seemed he wasn't waving away that debt…

Not to say that he wouldn't try to make sure his friend didn't do something stupid because of it.

"So, you brought your daughter with you the other day," Misla commented, looking at him. "How old are you? Sai said you were human and… you don't look old enough to be her father," she continued and he gave a nervous smile, moving a little stiffly to the other side of her bed.

"I adopted her," he answered, relaxing the smallest bit, if only because of how much anything related to Kunou made him feel at ease and happy, calm. "And I'm in a relationship with her mother… It's kind of complicated."

"People often are," Misla said and he chuckled.

"Don't I know it," he replied, already liking the woman. He hadn't exchanged many words with her through their sessions, but he already had a good impression of her. Somehow though, he was getting the picture that it was difficult to dislike her.

"So, you take care of my Sai?"

"We are friends, ma'am. We take care of each other," he said, his hand moving towards his locket. Sairaorg might not have been the one to recover it, but he'd been the one that had looked for all the things that had gone missing after his… After everything related to the accident and what had happened in that world. Or, at least, those things that could be recovered at all.

"That's good to hear," Misla replied, her smile widening. "Sai always struggled to ask for help."

"Mom!" Joshua's devil friend protested, almost whining. "It's been forever since then!"

"This sounds like a particular incident," he commented, making Sairaorg turn towards him with a betrayed expression. That definitely spoke of a story, and one that he just had to learn about now. "I'd like to hear about this."

"And I'd love to tell you, young man. But first, I'm Misla Bael née Vapula," the woman introduced herself.

"And I'm Joshua Davis. It's a pleasure to meet you, ma'am."

"Please, call me Misla. No friend of Sai's needs to be formal with me," she told him and he gave her a grin.

"Then please call me Joshua. I prefer it anyway," he replied, deciding that the woman was precious and should be protected. Which was kind of funny, since that was very similar to how he felt about Kunou at first, but in a different way. It took him a moment to realize that it was somewhat similar to how his own mother made him feel, even if his mother had been more… rough around the edges.

'They'd probably have been friends,' he mused. His mother did have a particular skill to befriend everyone that made him wonder if he was actually related to her, after all.

"So, Joshua, first of all… You wouldn't happen to know if Sai is dating anyone, right?"

"Mom!"

"He doesn't want to tell me, for whatever reason," Misla added, completely ignoring her son's protest. Which, by the way, was definitely a whine this time. "A mother wants to know. Especially if grandkids are a possi-"

"Mom!"

"I'm sorry to tell you, Misla, that as far as I'm aware, he's not dating anyone," Joshua told her with utmost seriousness, like one would inform of someone's passing. "But I promise once I can free my schedule a bit, I'll see if I can do something about that. He does need to do other things other than training, after all."

Maybe he could get some help from more sociable people to set the guy up on some dates or something?

Food for thought.

"J-Joshua?" Sairaorg asked, eyes wide and face pale.

"I appreciate that. He's too focused for his own good at times," Misla replied with a solemn nod. "He always did try too hard to prove himself."

"Mom, I had to," Sairaorg interrupted. This time though, his expression changed from relaxed but dismayed into something completely different, something serious and resolute, something angry. "If I hadn't, if I don't-"

"You've proven yourself enough for me, Sairaorg," Misla interrupted in turn, kind and soft but still firm, patting her son's hand on the bed. "But that's not important right now. No, what's important is that devils have a difficult time conceiving, so the sooner you-"

"Mom!"

[}-o-{]​

Stepping out of Misla Bael's new room, back in the devil hospital where they would keep an eye on her – not that Joshua himself wouldn't be making regular visits –, he cracked his neck wearily.

Nobody was going to know it was his doing until they were sure Misla was fine and until he was able to go over all his information, polishing any edges his spell array might have. That was for the better, really, for a number of reasons. Chief amongst them – for Joshua, at the very least – was that he wouldn't be bothered about the matter and it wouldn't have political consequences. He could do without those entirely, but he'd make do with putting it off for later. It wasn't solely because of that though. He did want some time to check on things.

'After all, I haven't gotten a screen,' he thought to himself. He'd even checked to see if the system was falling apart again. Everything seemed to be in order, as far as he could tell. It was just that the victory wasn't being delivered to him for some reason. It could just be that he'd get it whenever Misla found herself back to hundred percent, or it could be that he wasn't done dealing with the Sleep Disease. One way or another, he wouldn't do anything in regards to announcing things until he got the screen, that was for sure. 'For now though…'

"Hello there," he greeted, his eyes only half open. He was tired and dealing with this one individual didn't bode well for his energy levels. If anything, he felt them drop dramatically by the second even before the conversation started.

"You have better awareness now."

"Fool me once, shame on you," Joshua commented, his lips pulling up into a mockery of a smile. "And I try not to allow a second time."

"A good mindset," Zekram Bael told him from where he stood, off to the side like he'd been when he visited with Kunou that one time. "House of Bael is indebted to you, Joshua Davis. I won't forget this."

Joshua nodded, not even feeling like arguing that. With someone else, maybe, but the Great King wasn't one such case. He couldn't care less for what the devil felt bad about or was inconvenienced by. This was one debt that he didn't mind milking as much as he possibly could. Serafall was going to love getting her hands on this too, which he imagined would make for a nice present, nevermind whenever he could throw Shalba and Katerea at her.

"I'd ask, but I don't think I'd get a straight answer… or any at all," Joshua commented, turning and starting to walk down the hall. Zekram, predictably, followed, walking beside him. "About why you care about them when it was your house that all but exiled them."

""All but" being the operative words there," Zekram replied, not at all bothered by the accusation nor his tone nor him walking away from him without a care. "Once a Bael, always a Bael."

Joshua nodded, despite not at all understanding whatever twisted view Zekram had of the world and of family. The fact was that he'd been trying to do so for a while and hit several dead ends. At the end of the day though, House Bael had allowed Sairaorg to keep their name, despite sending him away when he proved not to have the Power of Destruction. They'd allowed him to attend Rating Game school. They'd allowed him to have a peerage. They'd allowed… a lot of things. He could even find, after much thought and research, cases in which it almost seemed like House Bael had helped Sairaorg without him noticing.

Best he could come up with was that it was some very twisted and extreme version of tough love.

"I guess I can respect that," Joshua said, somehow feeling worse admitting that than torturing the Khaos Brigade members. There was something so wrong with saying that he respected a man that had made his friend's life so much harder than it needed to be. However, there was no denying that he did, because if Zekram Bael was as he thought he was, then the devil did, deep inside, care about his family, even if it was in his own, crazy way.

And if there was one thing Joshua could respect, it was caring about family.

"Interestingly enough, I do believe you do," Zekram told him, finding some kind of dry amusement in this fact judging by his wry smile. "My kind will be indebted to you when you are done with this, when word spreads."

"Probably," Joshua replied, not really caring but not downplaying things. It was much easier to do that when it was someone that he didn't care for at all on the other side of the conversation. "I can't be bothered with your devil politics though, so I'll leave Serafall to deal with you all. Hope that works for you."

If the tightening of his expression was anything to go by, the Bael didn't think it worked for him.

Tough luck.

"And maybe Ravel will have some fun with that too," Joshua continued, somehow making the expression worse. It was kind of fun, actually. "Either way, not my problem."

"It is, when you are related to one of our faction's leaders," the man beside him told him, but Joshua just turned and grinned at him. He made it sound so definitive, as if it were a fact or something. Alas…

"It'd be, if I cared for that kind of thing. I'm just in a relationship with Serafall. She takes care of her side and I try my best to remain isolated. She's the one that knows what she's doing. I'll only step in if I need to," Joshua explained and by then they'd reached the door leading to the outside of the hospital. People had seen them talking, but Joshua didn't much care. It'd all come out eventually when they made the reveal, he supposed.

"And you'll leave it at that, will you?"

"Yes," Joshua answered decisively. "I only step in when I need to, and we had a conversation about the rest before, didn't we? I have better things to do right now, but if you wanna pick a fight, I'll make it as much of a bother for you as it'll be for me."

"You are one brave human, Joshua Davis."

"Arguments could be made that I barely count as human, at this point," he commented idly, drawing a barking laugh from Zekram.

It was an odd accomplishment, admittedly.

"You're not wrong about that."

[}-o-{]​

"We could have left her with Jeanne," Yasaka commented from beside him as they watched Kunou have fun in the playground next to where they were eating. "She's not as fragile as you think."

"I mean, yeah, but there's also no need for her to be tough," he replied, aware that he was being too soft on the girl, coddling her. He just… He just couldn't help it. Seeing her twitchy, or nervous, or weary, made him feel like something was wrong in the world and that he had to fix it. "I don't think it helps, but I'm a little on edge myself still," he admitted, glancing towards Kunou and watching her happily go back and forth on the swings. "Sorry if it ruins the date for you," he added with an apologetic smile.

"Don't be," Yasaka waved off with a very happy wide smile. "I love that about you. First and foremost, it was the way you care about and treat Kunou that got my attention, because she's my main priority. Anyone I even consider being with has to be good with and for her," she explained to him, glancing towards Kunou herself. "So, feel free to care for her as much as you want."

"You say that, but you are also always the first to point out when I spoil her," he commented dryly, but with a smile on his face.

"I am, because you should be mindful of what you do so with," Yasaka replied, sensible person that she was. It was a little frustrating to be unable to win most arguments, but it wasn't like he could complain. She won them because she was right.

"That's what you are here for, isn't it? To be the reasonable one," he commented, and the youkai's expression changed swiftly to a narrow-eyed one. He responded to that with his best innocent expression, which probably didn't help at all. "Either way, she seems to be having fun."

"You're not nearly as smooth at changing topics as you think you are, Joshua," Yasaka told him, to which he replied with a smirk. He knew he sucked, but he also knew she'd go with it anyway. Evidenced by the roll of her eyes and the words that came out of her mouth. "She does though. Sometimes it's… depressing though, how happy she is now."

Well, that was certainly something to hear, but Joshua knew better than to assume anything.

"Makes me wonder how terrible a mother I was before," she continued, her eyes locked on her daughter and a sad smile on her face. "Instead of anywhere near this, my daughter was… a shell of herself."

"Things were different," he said, leaning back. "You told me you didn't have as much power as you do now that you are recovering," he pointed out. It was true that she'd basically burned all her power to get more protection for her base after the first Khaos attack, but she hadn't been that powerful to begin with, hence why she'd needed to burn it all for that, really. Now she was in an alliance of sorts with the entirety of the Bible triad and him, who represented the Egyptian Pantheon. Things were looking up for her and her faction. "And you had no one to help you with your things. Still don't, I guess, but I'm trying to help indirectly."

"Which is for the best," Yasaka told him, a soft, grateful smile on her face that made him feel more awkward than he usually was in social settings, which was saying something. He wasn't sure he deserved such a look for his half-assed efforts. "If you were more direct, it'd likely cause problems, but what you are doing helps plenty enough. I have more time than ever in my hands and I can dedicate it to my daughter, as I've wished to for so long… And you too," she said, finishing with a beaming smile that drew a small one out of him.

"Well, glad to help," he replied, his grin turning a little embarrassed. He still wasn't good at dealing with such direct and pure affection, honestly. It was great, of course, but it was also weird in a way that he couldn't quite explain. Maybe he just wasn't used to it coming from someone that wasn't his parents. "If you need more though-"

"That's not necessary," Yasaka interrupted, rolling her eyes at him. "Unless you have something in mind to help me repay you at least a little bit? Relationship or not, I have some pride as a faction leader."

Now that he thought about it, maybe it was time for him to try and get the upper hand for once?

"Hmm, I'm sure I can think of something," he commented with a grin, leaning forward. Other than that though, he didn't elaborate though, letting his life energy speak for itself while casting a slight illusion for Kunou's sake.

The answering blush on Yasaka's face was plenty adorable, he decided.

"Josh-"

"So, in the meantime, I think we can go play with Kunou a bit more and then go somewhere else?" he commented, interrupting the woman with a smile on his face. "You think it over," he added, standing up and leaving.

"Wait. Joshua!"

"Kunou!" he called, ignoring Yasaka. "Are you having fun? Can we join?"

He could almost feel the glare on the back of his head, but he decided it was worth it.

He might be socially awkward and all, but he could be forward once in a while too.

[}-o-{]​

"Boons are softer, kinder, yes, but they are also firm," he explained to the girl sitting across from him. He wasn't even in a classroom, but his role as a teacher was something that had become part of him, he supposed. He could draw upon it at will at that point and the words came to him much more easily without even needing planning. "That's one aspect that Boon Magic shares with wards and hexes too, actually. They are all about imposing your will onto an area, be it for good, for bad or for anything in between. You should keep it in mind while working on a spell, be it casting or modifying it."

"M-Modifying it?" the girl, Uria Sonthiel, asked, eyes wide and face paling a little. "That-That's…"

"Difficult?" Joshua finished for her as kindly as he could. He'd forgotten people didn't usually go around modifying spells at will. Maybe he'd gotten used to his classes having people that knew at least some of that. Speaking of though… "Well, maybe you can join my Spell Modification class. I'm going to start with a new group soon, after all."

"I-I couldn't possibly… That'd be too much," the girl stammered, wringing her hands together and glancing nervously over his shoulder at Gabriel. "I appreciate what you've taught me, Mr. Davis, but I couldn't ask for that."

"You're not asking though. I'm offering," he pointed out, a little amused. "Anyway, I've barely told you anything. You know what? I'm kind of in a break right now, but stick around over there-," he added, waving his hand to signal the table where Jeanne and the now usual Excalibur wielder duo sat. "-and I can explain some more for you while casting the rest of the spell set I still have left, yeah? You might even get some clues if you are good enough at sensing."

"I'm… not the best, no," she mumbled, her voice barely audible as she looked down.

"No worries. Everyone's got their own strengths and weaknesses. You must be pretty good if the Church let you learn Boon Magic on their own," Joshua praised, which caused the girl to blush. In a moment of unique insight, he wondered if maybe he shouldn't deliver compliments so freely. Especially to a woman and more especially in front of another that he actually was getting into a relationship with, he figured.

'It's not like I'm flirting with her though,' he defended in his own mind. However, he had some doubts about that. Maybe his brain was feeling especially socially savvy that day… or maybe he was a little more crazy than usual. Either or, quite honestly.

"I-I… Yes, of course. Thanks for the opportunity, Mr. Davis!" she squeaked before scurrying away to the other table. Overhead, perched on the edge of the building's roof, Margalo chirped a laugh that wasn't very polite. Better than what the Egyptians were sending through their link though.

Poor girl was lucky she couldn't hear either.

"Sorry about that," Joshua told Gabriel, turning back to her and rubbing the back of his head nervously.

"I was the one that asked you to talk to her," the angel pointed out, to which he blinked. Now that she mentioned it, she had been the one to bring up Uria and how she was a Boon Magic user. Although, how had Joshua ended up teaching her? He didn't remember that part. "You'd forgotten?"

"I guess I overfocused on teaching for a bit," he commented with a nervous chuckle. "That was… Sorry," he apologized again, feeling his soul shrivel up – metaphorically speaking, of course – and wishing for the Earth to swallow him. Alas, no such luck. Instead, he had to deal with the supremely awkward situation on his own.

"I don't mind. I hadn't seen you like this and it was interesting," Gabriel said, saving him from his suffering. "Feels like every time I see a new side of yours, it's just as kind as the others," she added, to which his embarrassed smile fell almost immediately. "Oh, don't make that face. I've seen less kind sides of yours too, Joshua."

"Not quite as bad as sides of me you've yet to see, Gabriel," he admitted and Joshua wasn't sure if he was trying to warn her or change her mind or what. He wasn't too clear what his own thoughts on the relationship thing were, if he were quite honest with himself.

Sure, he was giving it a shot and all, but it was… Maybe it was his stubbornly still cripplingly low self-esteem or something along those lines, but he couldn't understand how all that was happening to him of all people. Sure, intellectually, he knew that he was a big deal for the people around him. Strong magically and politically, and even that somehow women seemed to think he was a catch. He even knew that DxD logic was at play making said women… sort of accept that they wouldn't be the only ones in his life, with a different culture and all that.

His brain just couldn't quite accept all of this, no matter how much he thought about it.

Gabriel, being who she was, just stood out as even more weird, which was why she had made his doubts on the situation come back with a vengeance.

"I could say the same, even as an angel," Gabriel replied, her smile still in place, if sad. "My faction has done things I'm not even remotely proud of, but I like to think it has all built to a brighter present than we would otherwise have. And that anything we might have to do will build towards a brighter future too," she expressed, her smile turning hopeful, even if there were hints of sadness still there.

"Anything in particular you'd like to see?" he asked, deciding he'd ruined the mood enough and might as well try to steer the conversation towards something more positive. If the much more happy smile Gabriel gave her was any indication, that was the right decision to make.

Weird situation aside, he had to admit that he was happy with it all the same.

Then again, how could he not, considering Gabriel's… Well, everything.

He was awkward, probably very dense and a bunch of other things, but he liked to think he wasn't stupid.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

And that's a wrap with the Sleep Disease arc… sort of? Maybe? Probably?

I'm sure it is.

Honest.

And then we have some regular fluff, because it's just the best part of writing, I've come to realize. Writing characters just going about their lives and having fun and such is… It's just nice. I hope you all enjoy reading these parts as much as I enjoy writing them.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter in general, really.

Random Question: Did you know that all of Joshua's named students (or, at least the Stars, plus Uria now, who I'm not sure if she'll be used in the future, but there she is) are either canon characters or based on actual people? You can have fun figuring them out. As a hint, a simple google search should get you almost all the answers, or maybe even all of them.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 197 others
Adrian King
Nov 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 166 - The World Outside Is Calling
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#741
The World Outside Is Calling

Joshua hummed idly, noting things down on the notebook he'd laid on his lap. A desk felt like it'd be more cumbersome than anything, after all, although that might just be his impression. Not like it really mattered and he preferred to be able to get around what little space he had without much issue.

He did wonder why the Youkai's dungeon was so small though.

Considering magic was a thing and they had their own kind in the shape of Youjutsu, Joshua would have imagined they would alter space in some way to have more room or something, if they didn't want to make a bigger place. Maybe there was some other kind of restriction that stopped that from happening? 'I could research Youjutsu… No,' he told himself, interrupting his own train of thought with a frown.

He really needed to get a hold of himself and stop coming up with new projects all the time. He had his hands full just with the projects he could work on while inside that very dungeon, nevermind everything else he was trying to juggle. He really didn't need to add more to the pile.

'Anyway,' he thought, glancing up to look at Cao Cao. The man's blue eyes glared right back at his, but Joshua didn't much care for that. 'Very interesting,' he mused, taking another look at all the information coming at him in regards to True Longinus.

So far, from what he'd learned, all the Longinus Sacred Gears were very different from one another. Which made sense, someone might even say every single Sacred Gear was different… and they'd be sort of right, but also sort of wrong. There was always some parts that looked the same. Like football teams could be called the "same" despite having completely different members between each other, with different strategies and coaches, all Sacred Gears were the same thing at their core despite having drastically different characteristics between each other.

However, following that metaphor, every Longinus was a team for a completely different sport altogether. Which made every single one he got his hands on to research fascinating. He could see why Azazel was obsessed with the things.

"You done staring?" Cao Cao hissed and Joshua tilted his head, continuing to keep his eyes on him. "I'll get out of here eventually. And when I do, you'll be the first to go. You and those Youkai you are so fond of."

"Hm, I'm sure," Joshua replied, outwardly keeping his calm. Inwardly, he decided that his next target would be something more painful for the bastard. Maybe he could try to check the Sacred Gear connection with his soul next. That was bound to be as interesting as the connection between Ophis' power and the devils and Kokabiel in the other cells nearby.

"God's will resides in True Longinus," Cao Cao continued, which was something that Joshua had read once or twice through his research through his now admittedly massive library. It helped that Gabriel was very open to sharing information like that. He was fairly sure that she wanted him to do something about True Longinus.

Which was interesting, considering he expected Heaven would want nothing more than to destroy the thing for what it represented.

Then again, God's will.

Maybe he was missing something, Joshua supposed.

"And nobody can go against God's will," Cao Cao finished, to which he chuckled. First of all, God was dead, which meant that someone had been able to go against him. Second of all, considering what he knew of the power rankings of the world, he could think of a bunch of people that could have stood against God when he was still around. Third of all…

"We'll see about that," Joshua said, almost rolling his eyes as the Egyptians all but cheered through the link. They certainly liked when he stood his ground and became a little more… He wasn't sure boastful was the word, but it worked well enough. It was about posturing, about showing off to the world who their champion was and how good he was.

"Your hubris will be your downfall."

"I don't think so," Joshua replied, shaking his head and chuckling at Cao Cao. "I'm not you, after all," he added with a lazy half-smile. With that said, he decided to cut things off and go away. He had data to go over and new spells to prepare for his next visit to the dungeon.

Especially if he wanted to make the bastard suffer.

Some people were really just out there trying to test his patience, it seemed. How hard was it to just leave him the fuck alone to live his life? But nooo, they had to try and attack his loved ones in some way, be it directly or ruining the world.

Maybe it was just a bad day for him or maybe Cao Cao had somehow brought up his worst emotions. However, Joshua felt especially angry then and there. Not something new for him those days, admittedly. He felt the emotion bubble up any time he saw the effects that last attack had on Kunou. The same happened whenever he worked on defenses to avoid that happening again.

Because it was incredibly frustrating to not be able to do anything other than defend.

However, he couldn't go on the offensive while the people closest to him were vulnerable. The best defense might be a good offense, but not for Joshua. He was a defense kind of guy first and foremost. It was just a shame that the best offense wasn't a good defense, at least in this case. Because Khaos would still be out there being pieces of shit even if he turtled up inside his spell arrays.

'Soon though,' he thought to himself, taking a deep breath in as he stepped outside the dungeon. 'Soon, I'll be able to start making moves again.'

[}-o-{]​

Soft music could be heard around the room as Joshua, once more, found himself going over notes and writing down things.

This time though, he was at home, in the kitchen and sitting at the island in the middle of it. It made for a completely different atmosphere, that was for sure. Especially with Kunou sitting beside him and working on her own spells with her tongue poking out of her mouth as she focused rather intently on what she was doing. Which showed in how good she was getting with Illusion Magic. The music they were listening to was made entirely by her through magic and it was pretty good.

"That's a beautiful song, Kunou," Jeanne praised, serving herself a cup of coffee and then another that she passed to Joshua. It wasn't his thing, being a tea guy, but he could put up with the bitter drink to share with family. He'd done that for his parents too, when he'd started making an effort to connect with them.

'Feels like a lifetime ago even though it's been… what, three years?' he wondered to himself, mentally going over the time and yeah, that sounded about right. Sometimes time flew and sometimes it seemed like it didn't even move. 'Almost two years since…'

"Really?" his daughter asked, looking up from where she'd been working to look at her aunt.

"Really," Jeanne confirmed with a wide smile.

"Can I have the circle? Having this playing while working is nice," Joshua commented, making the already beaming Kunou do so even more brightly. "It's really good, by the way, in case it wasn't clear." To that, the girl giggled to herself, kicking her feet and wiggling happily on top of her tall stool. Eventually though, she did pass him not one but three circles. "Are you working on even more of these?" he asked, looking at the flier sized circle drawings and activated one that was different from the one that had played before.

This one was a little more… subdued than the cheerful melody of the previous one, but it had its own beauty.

"Cheshire loves this one, apparently," he commented as his feline familiar jumped on the table by his coffee and notebook. "Margalo liked the previous one better though, no offense," he added, the bird chirping her confirmation of his words.

"Hmm, now that I think about it, I'll try to make two more for Nagini and Morag," his daughter said, a resolute frown on her face as she turned a few pages in her own notebook and started writing something. He felt very proud of her, even if he also felt a little guilty. That was definitely his influence with his unending stream of new projects.

Maybe he should help her curb that if it got too out of hand though.

Better only one of them suffer through that than both.

"She's too far gone now," Jeanne commented dryly, shaking her head. "You've corrupted her," she accused him. For emphasis, she took a deep breath in and then let it out in a long sigh.

"She's having fun," he replied with, waving her off. "Speaking of fun though. You don't have homework to do, right?" he added as he turned towards his daughter… who immediately froze. "Kuuunoouu-"

"Five more minutes?" she asked with an uneasy smile and he raised an eyebrow at her. "Daaad!" she pleaded.

"Don't "daaad" me. You know your mother won't be happy even if I do let you slack off. So, just do your homework and you can work on illusions later," he told her, giving her an unimpressed look. Sure, he did feel like caving, but that would get neither of them far.

Well, no, he could probably convince Yasaka to let them get off scot-free, but he didn't want to. He reserved that for more important things, like spoiling her when she was feeling under the weather. Or maybe just having some extra fun going outside. If she was going to stay inside tinkering like usual, then she needed to get her homework done first.

'I almost sound like a responsible parent, don't I?' Joshua thought, a little amused. 'Who'd have thunk?'

"You're such a dad," Jeanne commented, almost voicing his own thoughts word for word. "It's very sweet… but also hilarious," she added, her amusement clear for everyone to see through her grin. "Especially when you scold her about things you do."

"I don't have homework," he pointed out, only bothering to answer and not just rolling his eyes because Kunou had heard and was very much paying attention. "What are you looking at?" he asked his daughter with a raised eyebrow once more. She looked back at her notebook, but he could almost see her eyes darting towards them… and she wasn't writing anymore either, so that was more telling.

"Still though, you do push everything aside when a new idea pops up in that head of yours," Jeanne pointed out, tapping his forehead emphatically and making his eye twitch. "Or, at the very least, you get lost in thought for half an hour."

"It's never been that long," he grumbled, purposely ignoring the fact that… Well, he'd been kind of close once or twice. "And besides, I'm trying to work on that," he added, glaring at her.

"I'll believe it when I see it," his sister said, giggling before bringing her cup of coffee to her lips.

"Someone's in a good mood," he pointed out dryly with a just as dry look.

"She has a date later," Kunou offered as explanation, getting a betrayed look from Jeanne that she responded to with her best innocent look… that nobody that knew her believed for a single second. "What?"

"You'll have a boyfriend one day, young lady, and my vengeance will be swift and thorough," Jeanne grumbled.

"No, thanks. The family is enough," his daughter replied with a happy expression.

"Good answer," Joshua praised, patting her head and drawing a pleased hum from the girl. He resolutely ignored the look Jeanne was sending his way. Kunou would stay away from boys for quite a while, if he had any say in the matter… And he did, since he controlled the defenses of basically everywhere she went.

[}-o-{]​

He took a deep breath in and stretched his arms over his head.

He felt absolutely exhausted, not because he'd done much physical work, but because he was working on Project Life. Every day, he felt that little more pressure to get on with that. Why? Because fucking Annihilation Maker. The Longinus Sacred Gear was really worrying him and it didn't matter how many contingency plans he'd come up with, he wouldn't be able to relax until he had a sure-fire way to stop that particular threat.

"Does someone need a massage?" Kuroka asked, apparently slowly but surely returning to her more playful attitude from the beginning. Being appreciative of the help she'd given him so far and considering she was still fairly tame compared to how she'd once been, Joshua had let her do so. He did often hope that she wouldn't get back to how she'd been before he'd… persuaded her off her practices.

He'd rather not have to deal with her… again.

"Pass," he answered dryly and glancing towards Raynare, who was fighting Nagini and Morag… A spar that once would have been pretty one-sided, but was now fairly even. Longinus could make that much of a difference really.

Sure, she wasn't going all out, but neither were his familiars.

"You're so mean~" Kuroka said with her voice contrasting her words quite a bit, to which he turned to give her a flat look.

"Shouldn't you be meditating or something?"

"Different from someone, I do know when to take a break," the nekoshou answered, which… was fair, but it was also an entirely unnecessary remark. "Also, Shirone will be at your cafe in a bit and we'll spend some time together," she added, to which he nodded.

She was a lot more free now that he actually trusted her… although she was still kind of limited to staying inside his warded areas. Not entirely because of a lack of trust in her though, but also because her presence was still more or less "hidden" for a definition of hidden. It was a bit of an open secret where she was and the general situation with her, but it was still better to keep it that way.

The devil nobles would get annoying real quick if it came out properly.

"Have fun," he told her, his expression falling a little before he brought up a hand to massage his tired eyelids. "Can you check on everyone while you are there. It's been a bit since I went."

"I wonder why," she commented sarcastically, which was also a fair but completely unnecessary remark. "Take care of yourself, Joshua."

"I know, I know," he replied, waving her away and moving to take a seat close by. He had half a mind to summon his notebooks once more to get back to work, but even he realized that it was probably a terrible idea to do that. Much as he'd like to work at all hours so that his defenses could be ready, there was only so much he could do on that front.

It was just not being a good day for him, he supposed.

His worries were eating at him more than usual.

However, something would happen to catch his attention and distract him. What was it? A call from Kunou, which was… not as unusual as one would think. The little one liked to call at the oddest times when she was away. Sometimes when he was in class, sometimes when she was in class, sometimes at night when she was supposed to be sleeping, but she'd usually find a moment to ring him with the communication spell he'd gifted her.

"Yeah?" Joshua greeted, a weary smile on his face as he leaned back and prepared himself to hear about how boring her class was.

"Dad?" she greeted back and he instantly sat straight once more, eyes wide awake. She sounded off. "Class finished early and I'm with mom now," she told him, to which he tilted his head. That sounded like a good thing for her, so what was up with the mood? "Can you come?"

"Isn't your mother having meetings?" he asked, blinking. He was pretty sure that was happening. At least, from what he'd been told, Yasaka had some political meetings to get to. Nothing too important even, but necessary for her position to partake in all the same.

"Yes, but…" Kunou answered, trailing off at the end as if struggling to find the right words… or the courage. "She looks sad though. No, not sad. Lonely."

Welp, that changed everything.

"Kunou, is there a meeting going on right now?" he asked, glancing to the side where Cheshire was already moving towards him. Cracking his neck, he started walking himself.

"Not yet, but there's one in a bit," Kunou answered, hope blooming in her voice. No pressure, he supposed. "I don't know with who though."

"See if you can find out, alright?" he asked her, taking a deep breath in. "I'm on my way. Just gotta do some things real quick. For better effect, you know?"

"Gotta make a good entrance, right?" Kunou replied, already sounding happier, which was all that Joshua wanted. Well, that and achieving the same effect with Yasaka, apparently. He didn't know if something had happened or not, but he could find out about that later.

"You know it," Joshua answered with, grinning.

For the moment, he had other things to worry about, like making sure that he wouldn't screw up by being reckless and rushing things. That's why he wasn't just teleporting straight to Yasaka's place. Like a good magician, he needed to have all the information, all the plans and all the preparations before getting into any kind of situation.

"Ok, I asked Fuyuko," Kunou told him after a bit, to which he nodded, even if she couldn't see him. "She's meeting…"

[}-o-{]​

"Thanks, Fuyuko," he said, his expression emotionless as he walked forward. It was a face that he'd had to practice, not quite bored, not quite lazy. According to his advisors – which meant Yasaka, Serafall and Ravel – it gave him an air of being unmovable, not quite scary, but imposing.

He'd taken their word for it.

He didn't remember ever having to use that expression until that moment, but there was a first for everything, he supposed. And at that very moment, he very much needed to do a good job if he didn't want to mess things up. He'd checked with the people that he could reach in such quick notice and yes, he could do it, but he'd need to be careful.

Which was why he was already getting started before getting there and going over what he knew and what he'd do. He wasn't used to dealing with this kind of information and means, but it didn't take a whole lot from him to shift things into a spell-based view. That simplified things a little for him, at least.

"Don't mention it, Joshua-sama," the yuki-onna told him with a warm smile that contrasted her nature quite a bit. "If you'll excuse me, I'll announce your arrival," she added as they reached their destination and bowed to him. He'd have told her off, but his mind had already locked in with the protocols, even if he didn't like them.

So, instead, he just nodded and saw her open the door and step in.

A moment later, she walked out, bowing to him again and leaving. Joshua, for his part, took a deep breath in and walked into the room with Yasaka and Kunou, who were the first that got his attention. Yasaka was difficult to read, either by mundane senses or even supernatural ones. Kunou was much easier to read, even if she was back to her unfeeling princess persona, which he hated.

"Yasaka," he greeted with a nod.

"Joshua," she replied, and he could almost hear the annoyance through her voice, even though it probably wasn't there at all. "I thought you would be busy," she added, which was all that he needed to confirm that she was indeed annoyed. After all, she was ignoring some rules of the setting then and there.

"I was, but I was told the Korean Pantheon would be visiting you and I wanted to meet them," he said, smiling a small, barely there smile to keep his "political" expression on. God was it not for him to do that kind of stuff, but needs must. "Joshua Davis, Pharaoh of the Egyptian Pantheon," he introduced himself, bowing to the three people across the table from Yasaka.

All three of them looked the same, with the same faces, the same light robes, the same pale complexion, the same black hair and eyes that made Joshua feel like he was staring into the infinite darkness of space. All three of them bowed back at him with the same measure of respect he'd offered them, which was quite a bit more than he expected. And then, they spoke.

"Jeseok," all three of them said at the same time. The stereo effectively made them more unnerving than they already were, in Joshua's opinion. "Leaders of the Yogwe Faction."

Good thing he'd done some research on other factions, otherwise he'd never have guessed that meant they were the Korean version of Yasaka. Although, an argument could be made that they were a little above her, if one counted all three of them. Arguments could be made that if the three of them stood against Yasaka and Nurarihyon, they were pretty much even. Unlike those two though, the triplets had the integrity of their faction under their combined command. However, Korea's Pantheon was divided in areas. It was just that the Jeseok were a step above the area leaders and below the godly side of the Pantheon.

Which was a little odd, considering they were actually proper gods themselves.

"A pleasure, truly," Joshua replied, political smile still in place as he walked to a side of the table. A statement that he wasn't there with Yasaka, but on his own. Otherwise, interrupting the meeting wouldn't be taken all that well. Hell, it wouldn't be as it was, but he had a way to smooth things over. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything important?"

He definitely was.

Even during meetings that were done for courtesy, leaders never spoke of "nothing". The pieces on the board were always moving and the leaders were no exception. There was always something going on with their lives. This made Joshua kind of grateful that the Egyptians didn't really push him to live like that, or he might not be nearly as fine with his position.

He dutifully ignored their appreciation, sent through the link.

"Not at all," the trio of deities replied, still in sync and Joshua was getting the impression that that would just be a thing. "Was there a reason you decided to join us other than introducing yourself?" they asked then, their voices giving away nothing. That was added to the eerie presence they had, which wasn't at all helped by the fact that the way they spoke got more and more creepy the more they… well, spoke.

"As a matter of fact, yes," Joshua said, his smile widening the smallest bit. He'd already equipped the Great Column Title, which gave him a presence worthy of the position he held in his Pantheon, of a faction leader. However, he added on top of that some deity channeling with Horus, who was kind enough to help him out.

Not that what he was doing wasn't helping them too, anyway.

"I thought I'd reach out a little and since you seem to have close relations with the Youkai, much as I do, I thought I could start with your faction," Joshua explained calmly, very pleased to see an almost imperceptible glint of interest shining in their expressions. He wondered if he would have noticed without the boost from Horus. "My Pantheon and I would like to offer a gift, of course, as a token of appreciation."

"We are listening," the Jeseok replied and Joshua's smile widened.

Yasaka wasn't happy, but hopefully she'd be…

… After she was done chewing him out for meddling.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I know I repeat myself a lot, but man, I don't know where that came from.

Anyway, Joshua's a busy man these days… or most days, really, but it's either getting to him or he's gotten even busier as of late. Either or, might even be both, quite honestly. And get to see a bit of that. Maybe he'll be done before it can get truly bad, or maybe things will reach a breaking points…

Honestly couldn't tell you.

And for a similar reason, I'm not gonna talk about that last part, because, as I said, no idea where that came from.

Hope you liked the chapter though.

Random Question: What'd your local Pantheon be and who'd be the leader/s? Would it be divided into lower and upper factions like the Shinto and the Youkai or Heaven and the Church?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 188 others
Adrian King
Dec 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 167 - Dear God, Please, Hear Me Out
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#753
Dear God, Please, Hear Me Out

The room was in silence and neither of the three people around seemed in any hurry to break it.

Certainly not Joshua, that much he knew. So, he contented himself with the cup of tea he had in hand. He'd have pulled out a notebook or some tome, but he had a hunch that it'd be a bad idea. Instead, he just took a sip from his drink and let his mind wander as he waited.

Because, again, he wasn't going to be the one to break the silence.

Kunou, for her part, was more free than he was and had actually pulled out her notes. The girl was living the dream, happily spell tinkering away while he suffered. He didn't blame her one bit, but he certainly envied her. She was having a good time though, so that improved his mood quite a bit.

And then there was Yasaka.

The cause of the awkwardness, as it were, what with the way she stared at him like she wanted to burn a hole through his skull. She wasn't glaring, she had too much control over her emotions and expressions. However, Joshua had no doubt that was what was going on, even without being able to read her in any way.

If there was one thing that he'd come to learn about Yasaka, it was that she was independent… Too independent at times. She didn't like asking for help and she didn't like showing weakness in any way. She'd push herself to do things on her own and she'd push her own problems away to keep going. All of it a remnant left from her last serious relationship, a lasting mark that made her not want to depend on anyone but herself.

So, he waited for her to scold him for helping her, like she'd done all the other times he had done that. It was what he expected and he was fine with that. He'd take her anger for a bit if it meant she had an easier time. Helping her hadn't been the goal he'd gone there for, but it had been a nice side-effect and it had been easy too. A promise of a few defense setups here and there and the Jedeok had left with smiles on their faces and very friendly dispositions.

The Egyptians were very happy with him too, which was a plus.

When half an hour went by, his tea cup was emptied and Yasaka kept her silence, Joshua decided that it was enough waiting. With a sigh, he asked Nephthys for a can of beer that she happily gave him and prepared himself. He had a feeling that this would be a long conversation. Considering that, there was a little something he had to do in the meantime.

Staring right back at Yasaka's golden eyes, he started casting a Communication spell mixed with an Illusion one. Good for having a conversation with someone far away and without giving away anything. Fortunately, it wasn't a long conversation and he got the OK fairly quick.

"Kunou, can you go to the cafe, please?" he asked, making the girl look up with wide eyes. To her credit, she didn't ask any questions. She was a smart kid… and the situation was kind of obvious, which helped. "Koneko and Kuroka will be there. They'll look after you. I'll pick you up later and the three of us can go have dinner at that place you like."

"The one with the ice cream?" she asked, eyes almost shining, which made him smile and nod. "Yes!" she cheered, picking up her things and going to leave. He had a feeling that she was plenty happy to leave the awkward atmosphere behind too, even if she'd been remarkably unaffected by it. "See you later, mom, dad!"

"See you later, Kunou."

"Later," he replied after Yasaka, grinning at his daughter and waving before the door closed. "Can we have the conversation now?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at the woman and deflating a little.

To his surprise, she didn't jump at the chance to scold him. Instead, she did much as him, dropping her shoulders and lowering her head. Probably for the first time, Joshua saw Yasaka hesitant, unsure. Now that they were on their own, she grew more and more expressive and he was a little caught off guard by that.

"I apologize," she told him, which was definitely not what he'd been expecting. "I… Kunou picked up on my emotions, didn't she?" Yasaka asked then, visibly trying to gather herself. "She's gotten better as of late, more relaxed. It helps… and I must have slipped quite a bit at some point," she mused, sighing wearily as she finished.

"She said you were lonely… or at least sad," Joshua commented, taking a sip from his beer. Even though he could read things all over Yasaka's expression – for once, that is –, he waited for her to say something. Obviously something was going on, so he wanted to deal with it as well as possible.

"I'm just being silly," Yasaka said, trying to wave away what he said. The problem was that she did so half-heartedly and things were obviously important if they were getting to her like they were. So, he just stared at her until she sighed. "You won't let it go, will you?"

"Now, my people skills suck, but I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to," he answered, drawing a slight smile from the woman. "What's going on, Yasaka?"

"I guess… I'm also having trouble dealing with the attack. Just like Kunou and you," she said and he didn't even bother denying it. Kunou was still twitchy and nervous about the smallest of things or even for nothing at all. As for himself, he was working himself to the bone in order to finish his projects and finally have a cover against Khaos Brigade that he could rely on, or at least something that'd stop Annihilation Maker. "All my years and I'm still just a silly woman," Yasaka mused, and she didn't even seem to be speaking to him anymore.

"And why's that?" he asked, setting down the can in his hand.

"Because I love you," she answered, as if that explained everything. Fortunately, she didn't just leave it at that. "And because of that… I want to keep you close. For the longest time, I only had Kunou. And now you are here too. I guess, with everything, I want to keep the both of you close and safe and... I can't do that though, I know. You have your life, your own duties like I have mine, and then there's Serafall and Gabriel-"

"Do you want me to move here?" Joshua asked, interrupting her and making her blink. "Simple solution, isn't it?"

"Your place-" she started arguing, but he didn't let her gain speed.

"Is just a place. It's not my home or anything. I have been living there for under a year. A lot of things happened there, sure, but it's still just a place and it's not like I'll be throwing it away," he explained, leaning back and taking a sip from his beer while Yasaka stared at him like she didn't understand a word he was saying. "If you need me closer, I can be closer, is what I'm saying. I've told you several times that you only need to ask for things, Yasaka. But I guess you are a silly woman."

"That… That could cause problems with Serafall and Gabriel, if I hog you like that," Yasaka pointed out.

"They weren't attacked like you and Kunou were. I'm sure they'll understand," he said, feeling odd, being the reasonable one between the two of them. He guessed that, in the end, she was still a person, prone to giving in to emotions. He did think that most of the "old" beings he came across tended not to act as such on occasion or even most of the time.

He wondered why that was.

"And if it is a problem, then we'll talk it out, like we are doing right now," Joshua finished with, before chuckling awkwardly. "Although, I guess I've been kind of talking at you, haven't I? Sorry. It's just that you are kind of stubborn at times."

"... I… acknowledge that," Yasaka replied, half resigned and half amused, somehow. "And I think you are right, for the record. I just… I'm stubborn," she said then, chuckling weakly. "... You'll… You'll really just do that?" Yasaka asked and he would have found the question funny if not for how vulnerable she looked.

"With no problem," he answered decisively. It was nice, to be the one with his feet solidly under him for a chance, but he'd have preferred that it weren't in such a situation. "Might need to move everyone here though. I don't want to just ditch them, you know? I can leave Raynare and Kuroka at the house though. Would be a good idea for someone to stay there anyway," he mused out loud. "So, are we doing this?"

For a long moment, Yasaka just stared at him, as if he were some kind of mystery.

In the end though, she smiled, and all was right in the world once more.

For how long, he didn't know, but any victory was good those days.

[}-o-{]​

"A woman could get jealous, you know, Josh?" Serafall asked him and he had to hold back a wince. Sure, those words were worrying, but he liked to think that the people he was in a relationship with were more reasonable than that. And if not… Well, his social skills had always been lacking. It wouldn't be a surprise if he was wrong about something like that, even if it would be disappointed.

"But are you?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow. He wondered if his nerves showed, quite honestly, because no matter how cool he tried to play things, the fact remained that he was not equipped to deal with this kind of stuff. He was doing his best though, and he really hoped it was enough.

"Nah," the Satan answered and he didn't even bother holding back the relieved sigh that escaped him. This seemed to amuse the woman to no end. "Silly Josh. Of course I don't mind. Sure, I might be feeling a little jealous, I'll admit. But Yasaka needs some extra support after everything and so does Kunou," she said, a soft smile on her face. "And I understand how important family is, so don't worry."

"Thank you," he told her, because he was really grateful that she was so understanding. No matter what his thoughts on the matter were, it'd have sucked if it all took a turn for the worse.

"I'll just hog you later, to make up for it," Serafall added, which made him chuckle. "I'm not Gabriel, after all. I'm allowed to be envious and greedy," she commented, to which he rolled his eyes.

Although, that was a good reminder to be wary of that. The angel quite literally couldn't afford to feel those things, so it'd be a real dick move if he didn't at least try and avoid making her feel so. Hmmm, it'd take some juggling with his schedule, but Joshua guessed it was doable to make some more time.

Now that the Sleep Disease matter was semi-finished – he was getting a little nervous because of the lack of screen, but nothing seemed to be wrong – he was probably going to get some more of that. Granted, he'd wanted to use that to push his other projects further, but… Well, all he had to do was remember the arguments his parents had had over his father working more than he needed to and such.

'I mean, if I'm always around, then I don't need those defenses quite as much, right?' he wondered, which was bullshit and he knew it. His defenses were for the times when he wasn't around. No matter how much time he spent at home, there'd always be a moment when he wasn't and an attack at that moment was what worried him. 'Khaos just can't help giving me problems all over the place, can they?' he thought, eye twitching.

"What's going on in that head of yours?" Serafall asked, bonking him lightly with her staff.

"Just thinking that I need more time in my days," he commented with a sigh. "I don't have nearly enough time to spend with my family and all of you."

"Not including us there yet?" she asked, pouting. However, Joshua was pretty sure she was just messing around. And if she was not… Well, time for her to be disappointed, he supposed.

"Not quite yet," he answered, trying not to sound joking despite his guess. "It feels… different, if that makes sense. Like it'll be harder to reach that point like this than… I don't know, how it was with Asia and Jeanne," he said, trying his best to explain his thought process. All kinds of relationships felt incredibly difficult to navigate though, so he hoped she'd cut him some slack if he'd messed up.

"I get what you mean, and I was just joking," Serafall told him, seeming very happy despite everything. He'd expected to bring the mood down a little, even if she hadn't been serious. "That was a good answer though, Josh. It means you are taking this seriously."

"Of course I am," he replied with a chuckle, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. "I suck at socializing… but that just means any kind of connection I manage to get is that much more precious," he explained, a soft smile on his face. It had truly been like that, with any and all instances where he'd managed to get close to someone, even before he'd popped up in that world, rare as it had been back then.

Hell, it was the reason even business partners and such were important for him. He didn't talk all that much with Agnes, for example, but he cared about her, even if they were both doing their jobs every single time they interacted. She was someone that he could talk to without feeling awkward or out of place and someone that had proved to be dependable and a good person… for the most part. That was good enough for him to care, and the same applied to everyone.

"I still can't believe you were such a loner before," Serafall commented, seeming entertained beyond belief. "How'd you go from that to this?" she asked, waving her staff to signal his… everything. "You aren't lying to me, are you, Josh? Are you? That'd be mean."

"Not at all," he answered with an amused grin. "It's just that things kept happening and I kept being forced to meet new people and interact with them. It sucked, but… I guess I'm not complaining, if it got me where I am."

"Good answer," Serafall told him, standing on her tiptoes and giving him a quick kiss. "Now, I'd love to give you a proper kiss for being so precious, but I think we have a scene to shoot."

"And a magical girl's work is never done eh?"

"You know it."

Yeah, he definitely wasn't complaining.

[}-o-{]​

[Adriel]

"You can still back out if you want to," the human said, calmly, patiently, as if fully expecting him to turn back and leave once he realized the severity of what was about to happen. It made sense even, all things considered. Adriel didn't blame him for that. In fact, he appreciated it, because it meant the human cared about his well-being as much as he cared for what was about to be done.

He might not be all that involved with humanity, but he knew well that they were known for their sinful nature, and the situation merited at least a few of those. It spoke of Davis' character that he kept his pride, gula and greed in check for the sake of others. Then again, what did Adriel know? He'd known the human for all of a few minutes pushing on an hour.

However, he was in a relationship with Lady Gabriel and that was all he needed to know.

It was still odd to think about that though. Heaven was still processing those news and they were unlikely to stop anytime soon. Many were concerned for their Great Seraph. Many were doubtful too. There were many theories about why that development had come to be too.

Adriel had seen the two together for, again, almost an hour at most, and he thought most, if not all, the theories were wrong.

And if he couldn't trust a Great Seraph, then who could he?

"I appreciate the concern," Adriel replied after taking a moment to consider the offer even though he knew there was no way he could back down. "But I am resolute."

"So you are," Davis mused, looking at Adriel as if trying to discern something. Not unlike how he'd been when Lord Raphael had ran his tests and assessed Adriel and a few other angels like him, he felt like his entire being was bare to the eyes of another. His soul felt out in the open, for the world to judge, for Davis to judge.

"Adriel," Lady Gabriel said and he turned to give her his undivided attention. "I'll be right here in case anything happens and my brothers are keeping an eye on things from Heaven," the Seraph reassured him, giving him the kind, warm smile that she was so known for. "Our kind and I appreciate your contribution to this project. If it works, and we believe it will, then you'll be the one to bring much needed good news to our kind. We all thank you for this, Adriel."

He smiled at that.

Then he took a deep breath in and nodded firmly where he stood, just like he had with Lord Raphael.

The human nodded back while Lady Gabriel returned his smile, if much kinder, softer, warmer.

"I should have improved the procedure a lot, so it should be much smoother than the last time I did this," Davis explained and Adriel blinked. Last time? "Then again, the last time I did this, it was on a Fallen, so this is still a lot different. Just so you aren't too surprised, as far as I know, you should feel very uncomfortable, very strange and maybe even very afraid. My spells will seize control of your energies, they will twist them and they will strain you in a way that you probably didn't realize was possible."

There was silence in the room after that, the human going back to checking on the many, many circles he'd laid out around Adriel and the angel himself took another moment to process that. Lady Gabriel, for her part, stepped away but never took her eyes away from him. He'd heard similar warnings to those before, as he was informed and prepared for what he'd volunteered for. Never had it been explained to him in so many words, so straightforward and blunt. A little contradictorily, the way the man spoke without concerns or doubts told Adriel, once more, that the human cared.

He wasn't necessarily trying to dissuade him, but he certainly wanted him to know exactly what he was walking into.

"I understand," was all Adriel said with a firm nod.

"Well," Davis said, nodding and looking around once more. "I hope you are ready to get some new wings soon, Adriel."

What a statement to make.

As if the news that Lady Gabriel was in a relationship with a human – one that was also in a relationship with one of the Youkai leaders and one of the Satans of the Underworld – weren't crazy enough, there he was. Joshua Davis wasn't content taking a sledgehammer to Adriel's sense of logic, but he also had to blow it up with dynamite by saying that he could increase angels' wing number. And yet, it couldn't be said that it was all jest, empty words or something equally as inane.

Because Lady Gabriel and Lord Raphael were both backing up the claims.

Things had changed a lot since Heaven had all but turned their heads away from the world, but surely not this much, right? What had the world come to when a human thought he could do what only God himself had been able to up until then? And to convince their leaders of this fact too, which all but meant that he was speaking purely the truth.

Surprise didn't quite encompass how Adriel felt, but it was close enough.

"I'm starting now," Davis said, pulling him from his thoughts. He couldn't help but stiffen a little in preparation for what was to come. Through the corner of his eyes, he saw the human starting to activate spells one after another. No magic touched Adriel, but he knew it was coming.

Like a warning shot, the boons, wards and hexes loomed over him. If before he'd felt like he was being looked at by the Seraphs themselves, now he felt like the entirety of the world looked upon him. Eyes of all kinds turned towards him, peering at him, analyzing him. People, creatures and even mechanisms locked on him, taking in everything he had to show and maybe even more.

It was unnerving, and it was just the start.

The next thing Adriel sensed was the spells reaching towards him and he had to stop himself from reacting. He'd been prepared, of course, but it was one thing to know it'd happen and it was another to have so much magic all around him, watching him, pulling closer to him. It was like he was in the depths of the ocean, with only a measly bubble separating him from the crushing waters… And the bubble was shrinking.

Until the magic touched him.

It was mere caresses for a good, long moment. The spells poked at Adriel's magic and body, little nudges here and there… Until he felt them against something that he didn't even know was there, but felt much more important than either of the previous things. The spells didn't stop there though, because they reached deeper into who Adriel was and went for that.

Nothing had happened yet and Adriel was already on edge.

No wonder so many warnings had been given.

It wasn't until Davis walked in front of him that Adriel realized he'd frozen in place. He'd pulled in and hyperfocused on the spells and their effects, forgetting that there was a world outside. However, meeting those blue eyes unlike those of his kind, Adriel found himself slightly reassured.

"Everything is in place," the human said and Adriel clung to his words like a lifeline. Everything was fine. All was going according to plan. Lady Gabriel was in the room. Surely she would say or do something if anything were to happen. He had nothing to worry about…

And yet he couldn't help it.

"I'm ready," he said all the same. Even speaking felt weird, what with the spells that now permeated the room and even Adriel's own body. "I'm ready," he repeated, almost trying to convince himself.

"I'm here and Gabriel is here," Davis told him and Adriel found himself relaxing the smallest bit. "You'll be fine, Adriel," the human promised, even though he was likely lying. At the very least, he didn't seem certain of his chances before, so that likely hadn't changed. "We are starting."

And with that, he felt the spells start working, start pulling at his energies, at his body, at himself. Adriel felt himself be and stop being all at the same time. He was Adriel, but he was also starting not to be, while remaining the same. He was confused. He felt lost. Was he Adriel? Was he not?

Through his confusion, he felt specific changes, like how his everything seemed to shift a little towards his back. That was the palace where his wings were, but it was changing. Or, at least, something was changing, even if his body remained the same.

In the middle of all that was happening, somehow, that felt like the least important thing.

It seemed that he'd been proven ignorant.

Adriel hadn't understood what he was walking into at all.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that was quite the shift between the start of the chapter and its end, huh? Can't say I saw that coming, I have to admit, but that's just par for the course. Joshua be Joshua-ing… Sometimes socially speaking and sometimes magically speaking.

I don't even know what I'm talking about anymore.

I swear I'm not drunk, guys. Sometimes I just struggle to come up with notes so I might come across as very random… Sorry about that.

Anyway, yeah, Joshua dealing with social situations as best he can. The guy is trying, alright? Cut him some slack like his girlfriends do, yeah? It's the effort that counts, isn't it?

And then we have some of Joshua just casually bending reality over and doing things to her.

And then people wonder why the fic is rated M or posted in the NSFW section.

Random Question: GoM has a lot of things happening all the time and a lot of characters in its cast, to the point where sometimes people or plotlines can get pushed to the side too much. Is there any of those that you feel deserves getting some screen time?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 210 others
Adrian King
Dec 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 168 - The Light That Comes to Me
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#764
The Light That Comes to Me

[Gabriel]

She could only look, wide-eyed, as Joshua worked and Adriel… changed.

She wasn't the best between her siblings at much. Michael was the best, if one spoke on averages, of course. Raphael was the smartest. Uriel was the strongest. However, there was one thing Gabriel had going for her and that was her empathy, her ability to understand, to put herself in others' places and to feel in general. This was helped by the fact that she was the best sensor.

And that moment, what she could feel from Adriel, Joshua's spells and the room in general was… overwhelming.

The intensity of the magic filled the place with the pressure of the ocean depths. Joshua stood amidst it with the calm of one that had all the power and no concerns with the situation, like Poseidon himself would have, if she were to follow her own metaphor. And then there was Adriel, somehow in the midst of the currents, unaffected and part of them at the same time. Her fellow angel was the center of it all, the cause and the consequence, in and out.

It wasn't overwhelming because of the power though, no. Gabriel had seen much stronger, much more complex and much more overall impressive magic. However, what she had never seen was magic that did what Joshua could do. It reached a point where Gabriel couldn't even understand what the magic was doing, despite being able to sense every little thing.

Half the time, if she hadn't known better, she'd have thought he wasn't doing magic at all. It felt like something completely different, foreign and strange, incomprehensible. Gabriel tried to make sense of it and nothing came to mind, nothing she'd ever seen or experienced.

Except maybe one thing.

Because there'd been one time when a human had done things that had seemed unreal. It was odd, how much Joshua reminded her of him at the same time that he seemed so… different. Her brother had been like him, taking the world by storm and doing impossible things. Yet, Joshua and him acted nothing alike, having completely different attitudes and goals.

Two sides of a coin, in a way.

She was prevented from further pondering that when the whole thing was over. The magic slowly receded, disappearing and leaving behind only Adriel, Joshua and spells that seemed minor in comparison to what had been going on before, but were nothing of the sort. Gabriel then looked at her fellow angel… and knew that he was different, much different, but still so familiar. Familiar in a way that had nothing to do with the Adriel he'd been before though.

"It worked," Joshua said, unnecessarily, because there was no way Gabriel wouldn't know that. Adriel could have missed that though, probably. She had no idea how out of it her fellow angel was, but judging by his expression and body language, the answer was plenty. He seemed lost yet focused, weak yet strong, less yet more.

"It worked?" Adriel asked, eyes wide, unfocused as he tried to understand what had happened to him. Gabriel couldn't blame him. She couldn't understand it herself either. She could see the beginning and the end, but everything in between was a mystery despite her having witnessed it all.

Her brothers – Raphael in particular – were likely going crazy in Heaven, keeping track of Adriel in the System. He was also likely to want to be there the next time Joshua did his thing. Not that Gabriel expected he'd find many answers to his questions. Maybe Azazel, Raphael and Ajuka had found their match, maybe even a superior.

She wondered what they'd think about it.

Well, she didn't have to wonder about Azazel all that much, but he wasn't in their good graces… to put it very generously. Had never been, ever since he fell. The war had just made everything worse… and then, just as Gabriel thought things were getting better, he found a way to make a mess.

Her brother truly didn't do himself any favors, ever.

"Sure did," Joshua answered Adriel's question, after taking a moment to assess the situation, breaking Gabriel from her thoughts. "It'll take some time for the wings to grow, but everything seems to be in order, as far as I can tell. Gabriel?" the man explained before turning towards her, probably thinking she could confirm what he said and probably correctly assuming Adriel would trust her more than him.

Maybe she'd need to do something to help Joshua with his image with her people. They had a positive impression of him, after Asia and the help he provided the Church, but there was quite the gap between that and… Well, being in a relationship with her. Maybe she should have tried to work on that before everything was set in motion, but she rather doubted Yasaka and Serafall would have given her as much time as they had if she'd gone down that road.

As it was, she was grateful she'd taken time to work on her own feelings and thoughts.

Everything else would come in time.

Then again, once they assessed things and decided it was time to reveal Joshua's power to give wings, that was likely to do most of the work for them, even if there'd always be those that thought differently.

"It worked, Adriel," she said, smiling at her fellow angel. "You are a four-winged angel now."

Are, not will.

Because maybe Adriel didn't have four wings just yet, but his energy felt like he did, his presence felt like he did. It'd just take some time before he had the physical tells of it, but there was no doubt in Gabriel's mind. Joshua had provided yet another miracle, this time for her own people to profit from and she couldn't be more grateful.

A gift that had once been provided to them by their father was now once more within their reach. A hole in the cracked piece that was her faction had been filled. They would never heal completely, never go back to what they'd once been, but this was enough for them. This was proof that life could keep going, that they could continue on their path even without their father.

If nothing else, Gabriel and her faction were grateful for that.

Because Joshua had now given them hope for the future.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He resolutely ignored the screen that had popped up after he was done with Adriel. The information in it, the things it'd shown him… Those were something better left for a moment when he could process them at his own time. Besides, he was trying to work on not getting so distracted when he was with his… romantic partners.

He didn't even know what to call them, but then again, they were hardly in a conventional relationship, were they?

"I know it's a big deal," he said, picking up his cup of tea and glancing towards the side where Adriel was testing his… Well, his everything, from his body to his magic and everything in between. Joshua couldn't hope to understand what it must be to be him, even with as much as he could sense himself and through his spells. "But sometimes I think I don't quite process how much, I'll admit."

"You're a weird man like that, Joshua," Gabriel replied with an amused smile as she took a sip of her own drink. "It's somehow both amusing and frustrating, how much you can do while having no idea what it means for everyone else."

"Should I apologize? I feel like I should apologize. Sorry," he commented, drawing a giggle from the angel across the table from him. "On a different note, both sides of Project Ascension are done now," he added and the mood of their table was dampened quite a bit.

They couldn't avoid the topic though, much as he'd like to.

"Going back on your side of the deal with Azazel is not a good idea," Gabriel told him and he grimaced. That was what Serafall and Yasaka had told him already. He wasn't sure why he'd expected the angel to say something different. "Much as we'd like to punish him and his faction, this is a… somewhat unrelated matter."

"So I was told," he said almost with a sigh. "Fortunately, there's something I can do though, to punish them anyway," he added. Some might call him vindictive, but he was reluctant to just leave things be with some harsh words and angry looks directed at Azazel. Some of Yasaka's servants had died, the whole place had been wrecked and it was still recovering. His anger was earned for what almost happened to his family, but there was much more happening there.

He knew, thus, that Yasaka had been hurt and slighted and Joshua wasn't going to just let that be.

So, he'd talked with her about what they could do. Her hands were tied, pretty much, which was very annoying. Mainly because Azazel wasn't as stupid as his choices would have one think and had made sure that he had ways of playing things just right. Mainly with the fact that he'd worked the Vali thing almost by himself, separated from his faction. It hit his reputation in and out, but he was unchallenged at the top of Grigori, so he could just not care about it either way. She also needed to play things peacefully as much as possible, since her faction wasn't what one could call the strongest on good days, and even less at that particular time.

She likely would have anyway, but Joshua wouldn't let her when it was much better for him to take care of it.

He was a little freer than Yasaka was, after all. Not only were the Egyptians very detached from everything, including matters involving other factions that were disconnected from him. There was also the fact that he was more or less a free agent. Sure, he had ties with some factions, some bigger than others, but very little of what he did would trickle down to those. Targeting the Youkai or the Devils for what he did was a very sure-fire way of earning a lot of enemies and no support, considering very few people – if anyone at all – would side with Azazel on this matter. Everyone knew what it meant for a faction leader to be attacked, even with the Fallen's reasons.

"Holding onto Ascension?" Gabriel replied with a slight frown, showing that she was a very smart woman. "Not entirely, but giving Grigori less than Heaven? That wouldn't break your agreement."

"Basically," he confirmed with a nod.

"Do you think it's wise to make an enemy out of them?" Gabriel asked him and he saw no hint of what her own thoughts on the matter were. For all that she showed on her face, the angel might as well be asking him what he thought of the tea.

"Not particularly, no. But as I told Azazel, I'm not a reasonable man," he answered, being completely honest. "It might be petty, or vindictive, or downright stupid, but I can't let things be, not after what he did to us."

"If I may," the angel started, very noticeably speaking slower than before, as if she were choosing her words carefully. "I think you want to punish Azazel in particular, but you are targeting his faction. Are you fine with that?"

"He's their leader, his decisions reflect not only on him but them all. Just how the entire Youkai faction suffered for what he helped cause," Joshua answered… but even as he said it, he could see her point. Sure, maybe many would agree it was fine. It was a game of factions and such, but he wasn't a player of that game, not really. Or, at least, he didn't want to be. "I don't like it either, but I don't know how to attack Azazel himself."

"I may have an idea," Gabriel commented, and Joshua blinked at her. That was completely different from how he expected things to go. "You can do what you want, but on a lesser scale. Less ascensions for the Fallen, but then you make Azazel publicly explain why and apologize, which makes you raise the number but not quite to the same numbers as us. That won't hurt his faction as much, but it'll hurt his image, and thus, him."

"Pretty sure Warth is a Sin," he commented, watching as a smile appeared on the angel's face.

"This isn't Wrath," Gabriel replied. "Actions have consequences and bad choices face punishment."

"Justice then," Joshua said, wondering how right that was. Was what he was delivering justice? He'd never had too clear a picture of the difference between justice and vengeance. Or maybe it was justice in Gabriel's opinion and that was enough? Was that how it worked? If it was, was it just because Gabriel was a Seraph or did it work like that for every angel?

He had a lot of questions, but he didn't think he needed the answers.

"I guess that works," he said in the end.

"You doubt," Gabriel pointed out.

"I do, sort of," Joshua acknowledged with a nod. "Most of all, I'm worried."

"Worried about me falling because of something you do or say," she told him, smiling at him in a way that he didn't think the conversation merited. "Or worried about what I'll think of what you do or say," she added after a moment.

"Both. Neither? It's…" Joshua went to reply, but the words failed him then and there. "I don't know. I just feel like this should be more complicated than it is. Does that make me an idiot? I feel like it does."

"You're a smart man, Joshua. And, from what I know, smart people tend to overcomplicate simple matters. They consider more options than most, and the obvious options sometimes feel too obvious, or too good, to be true," Gabriel told him, gazing towards Adriel herself for a moment before smiling a little wider and shaking her head. "There's a lot of complicated things about our relationship simply existing, but the relationship itself doesn't need to be."

"I guess you aren't wrong about that," he replied with a wry smile. "I'm sorry."

"Just the kind of person that you are, Joshua. Nothing to be sorry about," Gabriel told him patiently and he had the distinct – and not very pleasant – realization that all three of the women he was with usually had to be patient with him. It made him feel incredibly guilty. "You worry too much, Joshua," she added, sounding and looking amused and as if she could read his mind. "I… No, none of us three are naive people. If we decided to give you a chance, it's because we believe you are worth it, overthinking mind and all."

"I know that," he said, because that was the truth. However, at the same time-

"But you still wonder. It's a pity that your self-esteem is so low," she commented, almost casually, but there was a tinge of sadness there. "However, that's a conversation for another time."

"I can agree with that," he said, feeling more than a little awkward. "Actually, maybe a change of scenery would help?" he asked, looking around. "Don't get me wrong, these bases are great and all-"

"But they are a bit… crowded?" Gabriel finished for him, and he thought he'd gotten something right for once in that whole conversation when he saw how happy her smile was. True happiness and not the usual warm one she always wore. Nothing wrong with that one, but this one felt more… personal instead of just her general disposition.

Joshua might be pulling an overthinking once more, but he thought he wasn't wrong about this one thing.

"Yeah," he agreed with a smile of his own, if a smaller one. "Also to change the air a little," he continued. "I feel like we keep it a little too professional in places like this," he added, fidgeting with his cup of tea between his hands. "I'd rather try having more normal conversations."

"Anything in particular you had in mind?" Gabriel asked and he thought he saw a hint of something else in her mind and heard it in her voice… Curiosity, sort of, if he had to put a name to it, but much more intense than the usual thing.

"You like to explore, right? Visit places and such, right?" he asked and he was rewarded with yet another beaming smile. He found that he rather liked getting that reaction out of Gabriel and he knew he'd strive to get it as much as possible. "I'm sure we can find a conversation topic while we are at it."

"Any preferences?" she asked and he was pretty sure she already had like ten in mind. She was a sightseer kind of person, apparently, which wasn't a surprise at all. That was more Jeanne's thing, really, but Joshua had humored his sister and he could humor Gabriel.

The angel had humored his magic talks enough to deserve that much, for sure.

"You're the expert, what do you have in mind?" he replied before hesitating for a moment. Was it bad that he didn't answer her directly? Did it make him sound disinterested if he didn't at least try to say something? Sightseeing was more or less all the same to him, but still… "I'm fine with most things, but I usually prefer places with more nature to them," he added after a moment, bringing a hand to rub the back of his neck.

"I like those too," Gabriel said, and Joshua wondered if the face he made when he got excited about spell tinkering was anything similar to hers at that moment. "Although, there's something to be said about historical places or beautiful pieces of architecture or art."

"We can go to one of those if you really want. I don't mind," he told her, but she almost seemed to be in her own little world already.

"There's this park nearby that has some beautiful flower beds and there are sculptures spread around…" she started explaining and off she went, he realized. So, calmly, he started sipping at his tea and hearing her out.

If that was how she – and Yasaka and Serafall, he supposed – felt when he went off on his tangents, Joshua thought it wasn't so bad. There was something nice about hearing someone you care about be so excited, even if you didn't care for the topic in question. He was just happy because she was happy and he guessed that was enough.

"Ah, I… I might have gotten a little carried away," the angel mumbled at some point, which was incredibly amusing and adorable. Especially when she blushed and looked down, evidently embarrassed about her rambling.

"You're cute when you are excited, has anyone told you that? And when you get shy," he commented, because if he'd learned something after some time being in a relationship – Or was it relationships? Whatever –, it was that giving compliments worked wonders. Even more so if what he said was what he honestly thought. "I don't mind hearing you out at all. I liked the sound of that castle you mentioned in particular."

"It's great!" she exclaimed, taking the chance to ramble some more with both hands like it was a lifeline.

Absolutely adorable.

[}-o-{]​

"Mom, why did you and dad choose Joshua for my name?"

"Because you came to us in a time of our lives where nothing seemed to go right… and then we had you and suddenly everything was right. It was like God himself gave you to us, to solve everything and make our lives brighter."

"Aren't children supposed to make life harder?"

"Ha! You'd think so, right? But you made up for all the troubles we had before and after having you."

"Do you still think that?"

"Always, Josh. Always. Your name will always fit you just right, as far as I'm concerned. Because Joshua means…"

[Quest Complete: Give an Angel an extra set of wings.

+ Perk Partially Revealed: Salvation of God

+ New Skill: Light Magic

+ 25 levels to Light Magic

+ 15 levels to Electric Resistance

+ 15 levels to Light Resistance]

'Joshua means "God is salvation", right, mom?' he thought, reading the screen once more, still working on believing what he was seeing. Not only the Perk though, but also the Light Magic, because… it was Light Magic.

As in, the same magic that angels used. Sure, Church members could use Light Magic too… but where they had to go about it in a similarly complicated – if different in methodology – way to his own magic usage, Joshua could use it… just like angels could. What did that mean? Well…

He brought his hand up, flexed his fingers a bit and poured out some magic…

And a ball of light formed over his palm.

'This is a whole new level of bullshit, Game,' he mused, twisting and turning the Light Magic before turning his gaze back to the screen, even though he didn't dispel the shining ball now turned into an arrowhead. 'Salvation of God,' he read for what felt like the hundredth time.

There were no clues as to what the fuck was going on with that either. More of a mystery than the Light Magic, in a way, if only because there was literally nothing to explain to him what was going on there. Sure, the Light Magic made little sense and was a crazy thing to just get, but he could sort of see where it came from, what it did and what it meant. That Perk though? A Perk that had apparently been with him for a while, if not forever?

He had no idea.

The thing had no effect, not listed at least. It was just… there, and it refused to elaborate. No matter what he tried, the system gave him absolutely nothing on it. The lack of any kind of answer just made Joshua's mind go even wilder trying to make sense of it.

In the end though, he had a bunch of ideas and no way to confirm anything.

'Because of course I don't,' Joshua thought, letting out a frustrated sigh before he let the magic over his hand dissipate. As if it weren't enough that the system was being unhelpful – something depressingly usual by then –, the Egyptians were keeping surprisingly quiet despite what they were surely seeing through him. Something that was also depressingly usual, really.

Joshua really wondered what was up with them. It was like they had no interest in anything other than… 'Fucking hell,' he thought, an idea suddenly forming in his head. Surely not though. 'Surely you aren't all just watching how things go for me like I'm some kind of streamer… right?' he asked them.

He really didn't like the fact that they kept very quiet once more.

'... A beer, please?' he asked then, sighing as he grabbed the can that appeared by his side out of the air. 'I'm too sober to deal with all this shit.'

'So, Perk revealed – no idea if that's the end of it or if there's more – and it's "Salvation of God", for whatever reason. I have Light Magic: Angel Edition, for whatever reason. System is annoying again, for whatever reason. And the Egyptians are suddenly mute, for whatever reason… Today was going so well, why did this have to happen?'

Wearily, he took a gulp from his can of beer.

'I should stop thinking about this,' he thought, eye twitching. 'I'm getting nowhere here,' he added. Yet, no matter how much he tried, Joshua couldn't stop. He needed answers.

"Because Joshua means "God is salvation"," he could almost hear his mother telling him what felt like a lifetime ago. That wasn't helping him at all though. Was that a coincidence? It sounded like too much, but then again, crazier things had happened in his life ever since he woke up in that hotel bathroom. Was a mere coincidence like that ridiculous to consider?

Then again…

Cheshire stirred where she'd been lying on his lap since they all got back home. Reaching up a little, the feline patted his chest with her paw. He could almost hear her through their bond, telling him "stop overthinking".

As if agreeing with her, Margalo perched herself on his shoulder and started singing a soothing tune. Soon joined by Morag tugging at his hair and Nagini curling up around and then underneath him like the biggest puff seat.

"I get it, I get it," he mumbled, taking another sip from his beer. "Know what? How about we just spend some time doing whatever? I need a distraction anyway and my brain's not braining a whole lot right now," he mumbled, standing up, still on top of Nagini. "What do you want to do, girls?" he added before smiling a little as Margalo flew off his shoulder and started chirping excitedly. "The forest sounds nice-Woah, Nagini!" he agreed before his snake familiar decided that she was feeling impatient.

Before he knew it, she was already moving, acting as a mount.

"Well, if you don't mind doing all the work, I guess," he mumbled, patting her head. Nagini just hissed, showing him that she was perfectly fine with the arrangement through their bond. "Lead the way then."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, a very angel oriented chapter, more than I expected it to be. Alas, we'll move on to different things next chapter… probably. Hopefully? I don't know, alright? We'll see.

There's also the reveal of the Perk, which I won't be going into detail about.

Hope you guys liked the chapter though.

Random Question: What do you think is up with the Perk?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 214 others
Adrian King
Dec 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 169 - This Is My Life
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#775
This Is My Life

Joshua's lips twitched up as he contained both a smile and a chuckle.

Why? Well, the reason for that was rather simple really. Kunou had, by some miracle against the laws of the universe, decided to become even more adorable than she usually was. It was baffling and Joshua almost wanted to tinker some spells to check if there were some supernatural shenanigans going on to cause that. He really did think Kunou was quite possibly the most adorable thing on the face of the planet, but there had to be a limit, right?

Apparently, the answer was no, there was not.

What was she doing to cause such reality bending incident? She was… sitting on his lap and happily humming a song of her own making, swaying her body this and that way along the tune. She was also occasionally giggling to herself and finding other ways to express her all around happiness, which only added to Joshua's incredibly good mood, really.

Cheshire walked on the table, looked at his daughter and meowed something.

"Of course I'm happy!" Kunou exclaimed, not at all bothered by the questioning. If anything, she seemed to get even happier. "Dad and you all moved in!" she said, as if that were the greatest thing in the world for her.

"That we did," Jeanne agreed, sitting across the table. "I have to say, this place is a lot more fancy than our last place. It'll take some getting used to," his sister commented, taking in the room.

She wasn't wrong about that though.

It had taken them some time to get everything sorted out to move to Yasaka's place, on both sides of things. After all, Yasaka was still recovering from Khaos Brigade's attack. Although, to be fair, that made things both easier and harder, so Joshua guessed it evened out in the end. Regardless, they'd had to prepare everything and he'd had to have some talks with his partners to make sure he wouldn't do or say something that'd make things harder for everyone involved. After all, he was a faction's champion while she was a faction leader herself. They might be in a relationship already, but living together was a different matter entirely, even if he'd been living in a house in her territory before.

Joshua couldn't begin to understand all that political mess and he didn't really care to, quite honestly. He'd just make sure he learned what he could and couldn't do and call it a day. Everyone else could deal with that if they wanted to, but he'd stay as far away as he could get away with.

Something that was getting increasingly harder, but that didn't mean he wouldn't try.

"Shouldn't you be working on that, Jeanne?" Asia asked, playing her best innocent act, even though Joshua was sure she was teasing their sister. She was good at that, he'd found. Even he, with all his extra sensing power, couldn't be absolutely sure at any point if she was genuine or not when she did stuff like that.

"Asia, don't remind me," Jeanne whined, deflating on top of her homework. "This is hard," she added, poking the book in front of her like it was a disgusting creature. "Math is evil."

"Well, I guess Asia will inherit the cafe," Joshua commented.

"I'll do my best," the nun said, a very cute determined look on her face.

"Hey!"

"I might need some help with it though."

"I'll talk with Sona. She owes me and she'll owe me more eventually," Joshua waved off her worries. After all, the Sitri heiress was going to get plenty of help from him to really start off on the right foot with her school, whenever that got off. If he could have her help him manage a simple business, then what good was all that favor, right?

It'd be fun to see her face when he asked her to do that after all the debt she'd likely feel she owed him.

Which was already fun, considering he'd do it anyway, since she was Serafall's sister and somewhat of a friend.

"You two suck," Jeanne grumbled. "Not like I need to study much anyway. I pass anyway."

"And that's how you end up with a terrible work ethic. God knows that happened to me," Joshua said, receiving a bunch of flat stares from all three girls in the room with him and even his familiars. It made him roll his eyes. "Sure, I work a lot, but that's because I found something that barely feels like work and nobody tests me on this shit other than myself. School was the bane of my existence."

"And now you make others suffer," Jeanne pointed out, amused.

"I try to spare them from as much of my suffering as I can. It's why I don't do written exams, just practical ones. If they know enough to make things work, that's all I need," Joshua told her with a roll of his eyes. "And there's no useless trivia like history bits and such. I did so hate those."

"Tell me about it," Jeanne grumbled, glancing at another notebook to the side in a way that made Joshua think she would be dealing with just that kind of situation after she was done with Math. Sucked for her, but he was grateful that he was done with that part of his life.

"Better you than me," Joshua said. "Your sacrifice will be forgotten," he added with a mock salute.

"You suck, Josh."

All he did was turn towards his work and hum to her, getting a huff in response. Not like he could do much of anything, with Kunou wiggling on his lap like the happy lil' fox that she was. He could do something though, and he'd filled his quota of bullying Jeanne for the day… Even if he might take it up again later. For some reason though, Asia joined in on his daughter's giggling, but that was just a plus. A happy family was a happy Joshua, after all.

"Less complaining and more doing homework," he chided. Although, his voice was rather even as he did so, sounding like he was making an idle observation more than scolding her. "You'll set a bad example for Kunou."

"If she doesn't-"

"No," he denied before his daughter could even finish her sentence.

"But-"

"If you don't do your homework, there won't be any ice cream," he told her flatly. Maybe he was getting better at not spoiling her? He wondered that for the whole second it took Kunou to turn her kit fox eyes at him. Immediately, he felt his resolve crumbling.

"Joshua-sama," a voice said and he decided then and there to tell Yasaka that Fuyuko deserved a raise, if only for saving him from that. Maybe they could get the yuki-onna to intervene whenever he was about to fold like a cheap suit? That sounded like a good idea to him.

"Thanks, Fuyuko," he replied. For once though, he wasn't grateful for the tea she brought him… Not entirely, at least. "Back to working, you two," he said, raising an eyebrow at Jeanne and Kunou, both of whom audibly complained.

They did as they were told though and this time there was no pleading look.

Yeah, he was definitely bringing the idea up with Yasaka.

Speaking of…

"Good to see you are all having fun," the aforementioned Youkai leader said eventually, once she was finally done with all her work and was able to join them. Kunou had finished her homework already, thankfully. Joshua didn't want to be on the receiving end of Yasaka's disappointment for failing to have their daughter do that. Jeanne, however, was a different matter, but she was almost done.

And if she didn't finish, she didn't have the benefit of being cute enough to make him cave, unfortunately.

"We are," Asia replied, backed up by Kunou, both of them engaged in a Project Duel match to pass the time. Asia was, predictably, using Church cards. He was surprised that she refused to use Angel cards, but he guessed it'd feel wrong for her?

She wasn't great at the game, but what she lacked in terms of strategy, she made up for with enthusiasm. For lack of a better way to explain it, Joshua guessed she was kind of role playing the game. Everyone liked to play personalized decks and the cards he'd made kind of encouraged that, since that was something he'd always liked in card games. However, Asia seemed to take it a step further and played every card like it was all some kind of story in her head.

Thus, why she'd become Kunou's favorite person to play against other than Joshua.

"Some more than others," Joshua added, grinning at Jeanne, who groaned. In the corner of the room, Nagini hissed a laugh while Margalon sang a comforting trill flying above them, almost touching the ceiling. "So, we leaving already? The kids were getting a little out of hand."

"Not a kid," Kunou grumbled immediately, elbowing him.

"I need to prepare, but we can leave as soon as I'm done," Yasaka said. 'So, a good hour to go then,' Joshua translated in his mind, not that it was unexpected. He wasn't ready himself, but he knew the answer he'd get before he asked. If she had been ready, by some miracle the likes of which he couldn't fathom how to cause even with his best spells, it would have been a matter of minutes for him to be ready himself.

"Got it," he replied with a smile, turning to everyone else in the room. "Remember, kids, behave yourselves and don't cause trouble for Kunou, Asia, Cheshire, Nagini, Morag or Margalo."

"... Wait- You piece of-!" Jeanne started only to freeze under both Yasaka's and Joshua's raised eyebrows. Through his sensing, he even picked up on Kunou giving the girl her best innocent little kid eyes, knowing full well that she was just adding fuel to the fire. "You're all so mean to me. What'd I do to you?"

"Be a great target?" Joshua asked.

"Behave poorly?" Asia tilted her head.

"Set a bad example," Yasaka stated.

Cheshire meowed.

Nagini hissed.

Morag turned away.

Margalo perched on her shoulder and sang a comforting tune again.

"You all suck," Jeanne mumbled, turning her gaze down to her still unfinished homework before groaning. The bird on her shoulder wouldn't take that lying down, offended by the fact that she was included even though she'd been on her side… sort of. Thus… "Hey!" Jeanne squeaked when the bird pecked her.

"Overgrown kid aside," Joshua started, ignoring his sister's grumbling. "I'll just finish this thing and then we can go, I guess," he commented and Yasaka raised an eyebrow as a smile formed on her face. She obviously knew that he had to get ready himself. Even he wouldn't go on a date with the clothes he was wearing. Well, he would, honestly, but he thought his partners deserved better than seeing him in clothes he'd wear any day.

Personally, he'd rather be comfortable, but oh well.

It was worth a few hours of wearing that if his partners were happy.

"I won't take long," Yasaka said, but she didn't leave. Which made sense, since… "Someone's happy," she noticed, her smile widening as she looked at Kunou, understandably. "I take it you all moving here went well?"

"Everything's ready, pretty sure. Unless we managed to forget something. I've set up all the spells we need and Asia's already been checking your garden," he replied. Poor nun was embarrassed… for some reason. He was still working on her being more confident and relaxed.

Progress was being made, of course, but sometimes she'd get all weird about things. Baby steps, he supposed, but it still made him sigh. They'd get there eventually or so he hoped.

"I hope you found it to your liking," Yasaka commented and the nun immediately brightened up, which in turn made Joshua happy. From there, the blonde started rambling on about what she liked about the garden and Yasaka, to her credit, dutifully listened, even asking questions of what the nun thought would be a good idea for the future.

And then there was Joshua, who took advantage of the extra time to go back to tinkering, soon joined by Kunou, since her card partner was taken away by the plant conversation.

[}-o-{]​

"You told me to remind you that this class shouldn't get too long," Ravel told him, walking by his side through the halls of House of Water. "Something about spending more time with the family?"

"Right," he acknowledged with a nod. It'd suck to cut the class short, since that meant he'd have to rush things – and his students – a little. However, he didn't want to neglect his family in favor of his students. Did that make him selfish? Probably, but he was fine with that. "Anything else I should know?"

"I'll be talking to House of Water about the matter regarding Sitri's school," Ravel continued, checking on the notepad she had in her hands. "She said she'd talk with other association leaders and tell me how it went today. I'm sure it must have gone well," the devil informed him, sounding completely sure of what she was saying. Joshua was kind of scared of what she'd do if Agnes failed, but he rather doubted that would happen.

The Director worked well, as far as he knew, so if something did happen, then she probably had her reasons. If that was the case, then Joshua would either deal with it, have someone else do so or switch plans. It wasn't like this was a part that he was particularly attached to, in regards to helping Sona. He had much better ideas for how to help her that didn't involve the magicians.

"Tell me how that goes when I'm done with the class, yeah?" he told Ravel, who quickly nodded. "And maybe you can start working on the other side of this little project if you have free time."

"Yes?" the Phenex girl asked, perking up and looking at him like Kunou would when he said she they were going to get ice cream. He might have to watch out for her a little. She was entirely too young to be a workaholic… not that it was fine at any age, really.

"So, as I understand it, I have plenty of pull in the Rating Game side of devil society now," he commented, leaving it at that. There was no need to try and voice his many, probably wrong thoughts on the matter. After all…

"Indeed. You're the one supplying the Phoenix Spells to help make the entire sport smoother," Ravel replied, going into tutorial mode like she usually did when she thought he might not be aware of something. Entirely appreciated, Joshua wasn't going to lie, since more often than not her assumption was right. "Most of the Rating Game community, or at least those that organize and play, are in your debt in some measure, if only because your creation has made things easier for them and improved the quality of the sport. After all, they have less to worry about with such a spell behind them and that means the Rating Games are much more… exciting for them and for the audience. This last point translates into more profit for the industry too."

It was a little odd to hear her talk about the matter with such ease though. After all, the entire Phoenix Spell situation had involved a lot of strong-arming her family and basically stealing their schtick for profit. Yet, somehow, Ravel seemed completely fine with that. Now, Joshua wasn't one to look a gift horse in the mouth, but he was still allowed to make that observation and admit that it was weird.

"Right," he repeated instead with a nod. "So, what I wanted was for you to pull on those strings to get Raters – go for the best ones you can get – to help out Sona with her school. Maybe she won't have the best reputation regarding Rating Games even if she does well in the tournament she's participating it, I forget the name-"

"Young Devil Rating Game Tournament," she supplied.

"That's a mouthful," he commented flatly. It did get the point across, he supposed, but one would have thought… Eh, it didn't matter. "Anyway, even if she does well, it can't hurt to have actually reputable names in the scene backing her up and even helping her, right?"

"Are you… sure you want to do that, sir?" Ravel asked hesitantly, and he was surprised she even asked. He usually had to get the questions out of her when she didn't agree with him. Thus, he raised his eyebrow and the Phenex took that as her cue to explain. "Raters are important people in devil society, especially the top ones. You could ask for a lot from them if you wanted to, or use this favor for something else."

"I could," he agreed with a nod. "But I don't really see the point. I'm not very involved in devil matters beyond my friends," he commented, shrugging. What did he care for the Raters? They might as well have been football players for all that he cared. The only thing he could think of to ask them for help with was Khaos Brigade and he didn't have that kind of pull on them. His creation was great and all, but with all the limitations he'd put on their use, it wasn't great enough.

Not that he regretted it, since he'd had to share credit with the Phenex and as great as Ravel was, he'd rather not give them that kind of power either.

"Do so anyway. I mean, Sona's going to be Lady Sitri eventually, right?" he commented, not really caring, but he knew Ravel would accept easier if he pointed out things that she could agree with.

"That's true, but still…"

"And her school, if it succeeds, will provide a lot of people that'll owe me, as a backer of the institution. That's Mid Class and High Class devils in the long run," he added and this bit gave her pause. Devils liked to think long term, after all. Probably something to do with the fact that they were biologically immortal.

"That is true," Ravel said then, and he could almost see her doing the mental math to see if it was a profitable endeavor. Maybe the Phenex would get involved too? He'd have to make sure they didn't do so in a bad way, because he'd be damned if he was the reason Sona's dream fell apart.

She'd be sad, after all.

Furthermore, Serafall would be sad.

Neither could happen.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua smiled softly as he brought his beer up to his lips and took a gulp. The room felt very… cozy, homely, at that very moment. It was warm, his daughter was happy, Yasaka wasn't working too hard, Jeanne and Asia talking and his familiars were… being little shits.

Morag thought she was being sneaky with the web she was weaving above him, but she was a sweetheart, so Joshua rather doubted that she'd do something dumb or mean. It was adorable that she thought she could get away with it being a secret though, considering their bond. Maybe she'd hyperfocused on her little piece and forgot to check on that? That just made it all the cuter.

Nagini, for her part, was trying to scare Raynare by staring at her without so much as twitching or blinking. The fallen was valiantly standing her ground… or sitting her ground? Either way, she wasn't budging, but that was a lost battle already. Joshua could feel her mounting unease. Maybe he'd interfere? He was still kind of thinking it over.

His bird familiar was, for the moment, the reason Kunou was in a happy mood. The two of them were sharing ideas for songs that the little fox could try to turn into illusions. That could only end well, as far as Joshua was concerned.

And then there was his first familiar, Cheshire, sitting on his lap and peeking over the edge of the kitchen island and his notebook… and batting away Kuroka's hand when the nekoshou tried to pet her. Because of course she was. His feline familiar didn't like being away from him when she could stay around, which was most of the time, even if she had to deal with annoyances. She also apparently felt like her sisters and her didn't spend enough time with him.

It made him feel bad, it really did, but his days were packed to the brim with things and his life was now full of people. He honestly didn't know how his mother did it, being friends with half the town they lived in. He felt overwhelmed with all the people he knew and they weren't that many… Although, he guessed having entirely too many projects to work on didn't really help.

He was working on clearing his schedule of that though.

"What's going on in that poor overworked head of yours'" Serafall asked and he turned to look at her. She had her head tilted and a curious expression directed his way, spatula in hand and a frilly, pink apron almost hiding her magical girl outfit. She looked…

"You look very cute," he commented, the words coming out of his mouth before he could fully process them. Then again, at that point, he didn't think about that kind of stuff much. After all, if just blurting his thoughts got expressions like the beaming, slightly flushed face that Serafall made then, then Joshua would continue to do so.

"That's cheating," she said, pointing at him with her spatula. "Answer the question, mister."

"I was just thinking that the atmosphere is nice," he replied with a soft smile on his face as his free hand started petting Cheshire. "Feels like home," he added, his expression turning a little sad. Surprisingly though, he was only feeling the slightest bit nostalgic. It hurt, to remember his old home, but only a little, which wasn't something he expected. "I love it," he finished simply, looking around the room once more, because he didn't think he had enough words to describe how he felt well, really.

He really had come a long way from that man, alone in a hotel room.

"You keep saying things like that," Serafall mumbled and when he turned towards her, his eyebrows shot up at the coy look on her face. "What?" she asked with narrowed eyes. The effect was kind of ruined considering her face was all red.

"Nothing," he answered, smiling widely. Obviously, she wasn't happy with that response, but he wasn't too concerned. He probably should have been, of course, considering she was cooking their meal, but she looked entirely too cute to really be scared of her. To think Serafall was one of the most feared women in the Underworld, maybe the world outright…

Joshua really had a skewed perception of the world.

So much so that even he noticed.

"Can't wait for the food to be ready, by the way," he continued, realizing that maybe he was pushing his luck too much. It was time to double down on the compliments, he decided. Sounded like the best course of action. "You're really good, have I told you that?"

Serafall huffed then, turning away and going to check on the food.

"Don't think I don't know what you're doing, Josh," she mumbled, and he could almost hear the pout on her face. Of course he knew she realized. That didn't mean his plan wouldn't work though, and they both knew it.

"Auntie Sera, do I have time for-?"

"No magic tinkering," Serafall interrupted, turning and pointing her spatula at Kunou this time. Joshua empathized with his daughter though, he'd been on the receiving end of that for the same reason some time before. "You two do enough of that as it is," the Satan added, and Joshua could only shrug when the little fox turned a pleading look his way.

'... Maybe we can invite Gabriel next-' he started thinking, only to get interrupted by a dark screen popping up.

[Quest Complete: Cure the Sleep Disease

Rewards:

20 levels to Healing Magic

20 levels to Bloodlust

Perk Updated: Demonic Element

New Perk: Greater Demonic Element

? ? ?]

'Game… It'd be nice to get more screens without confusing shit, you know?'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, that happened. I had a somewhat different plan for this chapter, but we all know that doesn't really matter. Surprisingly though, while things deviated quite a bit, they did so somewhat aligning with what I wanted, just kind of longer than I expected. And I didn't expect that screen at the end, really.

But hey! A little bit going according to plan is better than nothing going according to plan, right? I'll keep telling myself that.

I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter though.

And Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year for you all, of course.

Important Announcement: I'm going on a vacation at the end of this week, as I announced some time ago in the place of patrons and in Discord. Thus, I won't be updating anything for a whole month. Wish me luck, guys, because pre-vacation times have not been kind to me.

Side Note: I've just joined a Discord server where a gathering of mad people talk about nonsense a whole lot. By mad people I mean fanfic readers and by nonsense I mean fics… mostly… maybe… probably? Anyway, I'll be leaving the link to the Discord server… Here? I think?... Be sure to go and check out the community, alright? They seem fun so far and it'd also help me with my world domination plans, so there's that too. Help me out, guys.

Random Question: What are you gonna do after reading this? I just finished editing, so I'll take a nap and then start writing the next chapter. I woke up entirely too early.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 196 others
Adrian King
Dec 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 170 - Don’t You Hesitate
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jan 28, 2025
Add bookmark
#786
Don't You Hesitate

His hand lashed out and blocked a Light Spear from Raynare with Setan Kober.

Not surprising, nor even out of the ordinary. It was a spar like any other he'd had with her. Joshua was in testing mode though, checking the changes that Greater Demonic Element brought to the table, just like how he'd tested Greater Holy Element when it got upgraded. It was less training and more just checking what his weapons and him could do.

All in all, it was about what he'd expected.

That was unexpected in its own way though. After all, the System seemed almost intent on throwing curve balls at him every chance it got, those days. This particular instance wasn't one such case though, at least. Thank God for small mercies, he supposed.

All in all, Holy and Demonic Element did more or less the same even after they got upgraded. Holy boosted Carnwennan's overall capabilities a fair bit while Demonic both boosted Setan Kober's and reduced the side effects. Which was nice, even if he hardly noticed those effects most of the time, considering Mind Resistance. Joshua still found it reassuring that the rage induced by his kris was diminished.

He rather liked having a clear mind, especially in a fight.

"Let's pick up the pace, yeah?" he asked and immediately he felt the shift in energies in Raynare. She didn't increase her power, nor did she start using Incinerate Anthem, but she did use her magic to boost herself. Perks of being an angel, he supposed. Supernatural creatures were more in tune with magic as a whole, so not only were they biologically stronger, but they could increase the gap even more through magic too.

No wonder everyone looked down on humans, Joshua mused. They had none of the advantages that everyone else seemed to have. They might as well be monkeys in a society of humans. They stood out, they were different and they were "lesser".

Be that as it may though…

He pushed a Light Spear away and then swiftly delivered a kick to Raynare's stomach, sending her off and knocking the air out of her lungs. Joshua was no normal human, after all, so he guessed it was fine. Being underestimated was annoying, but it worked in his favor in fights. It even worked against other humans, funnily enough.

"More," he said, Setan Kober and Carnwennan all but singing in his hands. It might be a spar, but it was a spar where they were the center of attention. He wasn't using as much magic or Egyptian abilities as he usually did, which was something they appreciated. He probably should have, but he'd leave that for later.

Boost or not, it was still a change that he had to get used to, after all. Any shift in his regular fighting had to be accounted for. Just because it was an improvement didn't mean that it couldn't negatively affect his fighting. After all, he was used to fighting a certain way and contrary to slow but steady progress, a sudden boost could change everything.

It was part of the reason why he wasn't keen on using Egyptian channeling all that much, since it made everything vary a lot. Then again, those usually came with boosts to his reflexes and perception and such things, which just about evened things out.

Greater Demonic Element and Greater Holy Element came with no such benefits.

So, he'd have to train quite a bit so that he could get used to the new specs, as it were. Good thing that Raynare was eager to train and Kuroka was… Well, she didn't mind sparring, even if she'd rather not. The nekoshou didn't half-ass things when he asked for help, so he'd cut her some slack for the lack of enthusiasm.

Speaking of though…

"You've gotten used to your new body," he commented during one of his standoffs with Raynare, after he blocked her attacks once more. Her violet eyes were slightly narrowed, brows furrowed in frustration despite her good performance. They were much more even if she went all out… if he didn't channel deities or his spells. All in all though, Joshua considered that pretty damn strong. However…

"I'm not strong enough," Raynare hissed. Her aggression wasn't directed at Joshua though. It was just her, projecting her annoyance at the fact that she was "weak". Joshua wondered what she considered "strong enough" though. Beating him? He doubted that, although it could be partially that. Maybe she just wanted to be stronger than everyone?

Maybe not even she knew what she was looking for.

"Well, I can do something about that," he commented, almost casually, making the fallen freeze. She very likely realized what he was talking about. "Too soon for that though. I need to do more preparation and you need to grow into your new self. No telling what'll happen if I give you more wings while you're on the lower side of the four-winged class."

"I understand," Raynare replied stiffly, curtly. She took a deep breath in then and nodded firmly. He grinned at her. If nothing else, she was determined to see his project reach its full potential and it was nice to have that. He rather suspected it probably helped ease the process, that she was more than willing. "Shall we continue?"

He was pretty much done testing the daggers now with both Perks upgraded. However, that didn't mean he had to stop, really. Glancing to the side, he saw Kuroka and Jeanne struggling to keep his familiars entertained. They were going to be at it for a while, so…

"Might as well," he commented with a grin that Raynare mirrored.

'It's never not gonna be weird that I get along with this crazy woman,' he mused, but that thought only amused him further. His life had certainly taken many, many strange turns. It was probably not even close to done with those too, but he was getting used to them. Or so he thought, at least.

Mentally shaking his head, he twirled both of his daggers and took his stance, waiting for the fallen to charge.

And charge she did.

[}-o-{]​

"I have to admit, this isn't what I thought you'd want to see… or even be close to," Joshua commented, looking at the fountain in front of them.

"I respect the artist for making it," Gabriel told him, a drink between her hands that they'd gotten from a nearby stall while Joshua had one for himself. They'd gotten different flavors and swapped them to try both every so often. "It's beautiful, and also… powerful. It has called to me ever since I heard about it but never quite gathered the will to actually come until now. I don't quite know why I like it myself, I'll admit, but I'm impressed by it."

"It is impressive, that's true," he agreed with a nod. There was something about the expression, the pose, the symbolism and meaning of the statue. He couldn't quite put his finger on it, but he did get the general feeling that Gabriel was referring to. "I get it, even if I can't put words to it myself either."

"Art tends to be like that," the angel told him with a slight smile. "I think this is rather sombre for a date though, but I'm glad we came."

"He was your brother," he commented, looking at the Fuente del Ángel Caído, the Fountain of the Fallen Angel. "Were you close?"

"We all were, are, even, even with those that have… fallen from grace, or grown distant. We are a family, dysfunctional as it might be," Gabriel said with a sad smile. "A lot has happened. Our history is anything but simple or nice, but… We are family all the same. Just like he was."

"You can't choose it," he commented, thinking of his own family troubles. Then again, those were nothing in comparison to Gabriel's. Not even in the same multiversal range, he supposed. Literally even. They were better than him – as was expected from angels –, because he definitely wouldn't call himself close to most of his family members.

"I think there's better places for what comes next, yes?" Gabriel asked and he blinked, turning and tilting his head towards her. "Subtle, you are not, Joshua. At least not when it comes to social settings," she added amused and fond.

Well, there went the surprise, he supposed.

Then again…

"You women talk about entirely too many things," he commented, already guessing what had happened. It wasn't even the first time, after all. "Why do you have to ruin things?"

"Ruin? Hardly," the angel told him with a slight giggle as she turned and they walked away from the fountain. She wasn't wrong that it was rather sombre, all things considered. It was important to her to see it and she'd been the one to suggest going there in the first place, but still. Not quite what either of them wanted to stick around during a date, he was sure. "I've been looking forward to this ever since I heard about it."

"And laughing behind my back, I bet," he commented jokingly. A part of him was serious, admittedly, but he was trying not to be too self-deprecating and let his self-esteem issues dictate how he acted and thought. He wasn't too successful, but he was trying.

"Not at all. We all think it's sweet," Gabriel told him as they moved, smiling warmly at him. "We are, admittedly, rather curious about this seeming mystery behind it, but we can wait. I have to say, I'm more curious about what you chose for me."

Joshua rolled his eyes at her, but he was already thinking of how to tell them.

That was something for Future Joshua to deal with.

He had other things to do, like actually getting on with it.

"Well, initially, I was going to go with white," he commented, bringing a hand up to rub the back of his neck. "But that felt… too easy, lazy," he added, and the fact that Gabriel was hanging onto his every word wasn't helping his nerves, quite honestly. He soldiered through though. "I'm somehow less confident with the choice I made in the end, I'll admit, but I hope you won't burn them."

"Never," she said firmly, as if she were exceedingly offended by the joking comment. "Now, please? The suspense is killing me," she all but whined. Despite how composed she was though, Joshua couldn't help but see some tinges of childishness there, like Kunou would when he teased her a lot… but different, somehow. It was very cute and he made a mental note to try and cause that reaction more.

For the moment…

He took a deep breath in and raised his hand, casting a storage spell that produced a handful of flowers. He offered them to Gabriel wordlessly and the angel took them just as silently, gingerly too, as if afraid to damage the small bouquet. Her eyes, previously on him, locked in on the irises as if trying to burn their picture in her brain.

She seemed determined to make him as nervous as possible, apparently.

"Black irises," he started, stumbling over his own words a little as he tried to not focus on how he thought the color might be a mistake. "They mean elegance and sophistication, symbolize power and hidden confidence," he explained, finally finding the words and getting his tongue to work. "A tinge of mystery too, which… is what got me. Because all this… it's all unknown to me, scary almost, but… I'm glad I'll be exploring it with you."

There, he'd said it. Maybe a little rushed and maybe more nervous than he'd intended, but at least he'd managed. Try as he might, confidence hadn't come to him, but that was hardly surprising. He had managed to muster up some of that with Serafall and Yasaka on occasion, but it was going to take a while with Gabriel, just like it had with those two. Somehow though, the angel just brought out the worst of his non-existent social confidence.

It was all part of the experience, he supposed, even if some parts were more enjoyable than others.

"I love them," Gabriel said, still looking at the flowers. Joshua couldn't hope to read her expression nor her tone as she carefully touched some petals with her finger, but he decided to take her words at face value and be happy with the win. "I love the meaning you put in them and I'm sure I'll love whatever makes this a tradition of sorts for you," the angel added, finally turning towards him and smiling more warmly than ever, which was saying something.

He went to say something in return, but the words never quite formed

Instead, he felt her soft lips stopping his with a just as soft touch… until it wasn't so soft anymore, a chaste gesture deepening after a second or two… or an eternity, as far as he was concerned. Surprised as he might have been though, Joshua didn't hesitate too long to lean into the kiss himself.

"Don't look so surprised," Gabriel told him eventually, pulling back with a giggle. "I might be an angel, but that doesn't mean I have to be boring."

"You couldn't be boring if you tried," he replied, somewhat breathless, with an ease that felt almost alien to him. He couldn't say he didn't prefer that to his previously nervous self though. Especially with the exceedingly cute blush he got from the angel.

Maybe his mother had been onto something with her advice, he decided.

He was three for three, after all, shockingly enough.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua was once more in Misla Bael's room, this time back at her – Sairaorg's? – place instead of at the hospital. She was doing better, there was no doubt of that. However, he didn't really need to check on her to be able to tell that much. The screen he'd gotten had confirmed that she was fine, well on her way to recovery.

However, he couldn't very well just tell Sairaorg that his mother was fine and call it a day. Besides, Joshua could always use some more information. So, he'd just taken to going for a visit, checking up on the woman just as thoroughly as he would have even without the screen and seeing the steady improvement. All in all, he couldn't say he was complaining about the fact that he already knew things were going well.

"Everything's in order," he commented, a slight smile on his face that widened a bit when he saw Sairaorg let out a breath he'd been holding and Misla beam at him. "Your soul's recovering still, of course, but it's doing better and better every day. You should be fine in about a week or so. No sign of the Sleep Disease coming back or even any other remnants left of its presence in you. I don't like giving absolute statements, but I believe you're cured, Misla, completely."

If anything, the responses he'd just gotten repeated, twice as strong as before.

"Thank you, Joshua. You have no idea how grateful I am," Sairaorg told him and Joshua just waved him off. Sure, he knew it was a big deal, but the devil was a friend. He didn't have many of those and he didn't mind helping at all. Besides, if it was a matter of payment, the fact that Zekram Bael was in his debt now more than made it all worth it. Sairaorg should just enjoy the results.

"Don't mention it," Joshua said, rolling his eyes. "I've told you it's fine. Always happy to help and besides, I'll get paid anyway, if that's what worries you," he added, much to the confusion of his friend. Misla seemed to know what he was talking about though, if the sudden change of her smile into a somewhat sad one was any indication.

"Yes, other patients will pay well, but still," Sairaorg said, clearly not knowing what he'd really been talking about. Joshua didn't mind letting him think that though. It wasn't quite the time to have that conversation, he supposed. Especially if everyone involved seemed content to let the situation be. Especially when Sairaorg was getting some of his happiness back. He could tackle the exceedingly weird family dynamics at some other time.

"Well, I did need to do a lot of experimentation for this to work. I'd call it even. I got a lot of data and practice and you got your mother back. There were no guarantees, after all," he said with a shrug. "Could have just as well gone badly, man," he reminded Sairaorg, but the devil seemed intent on arguing.

Fortunately, there was someone on Joshua's side.

"Sai, could you get me something to drink?" Misla said and it was like a switch had been turned in his friend's head. Immediately, anything else had been pushed aside and his whole attention was on his mother. Joshua couldn't blame him for that. His parents would have been his world if he could have them back for even a second.

"Of course, mom," Sairaorg said before excusing himself and going away.

"You won't convince him," Misla commented once her son left through the door and Joshua sighed. "Although, to be fair, I do believe he wouldn't change his mind even if he knew. He'd never allow his father and grandfather to pay a debt he considers his own," the woman added with a sad smile. "To a degree, I think the same, but I have a feeling that you wouldn't appreciate that."

"I did all this because I know what it's like to want a parent back and because he's my friend. I could do something about it and I did. Consider this a gift of sorts, if you will," he explained, getting a smile from Misla once more.

"You're a rare sight in the supernatural world then, maybe even the world," the woman told him, and he'd more or less already gathered as much. He wasn't sure where the whole debt and favors game came from, but he had a feeling that it was some twisted equivalent exchange perception of things. If you received something, then you needed to pay the price, as simple as that and no matter what.

"I'd consider your debt paid if you could help me with Sairaorg," he tried, because why not? If it worked, it worked, right? If nothing else, it got a laugh out of the woman, so that was a win.

"Deal," she replied, much to his surprise. "If only because that's going to be very difficult, so it might even be a high enough price to pay," she added and he almost felt like she was teasing him without even realizing. Was he really asking for so much?

He would never understand DxD people, he realized, not for the first time.

Any further conversation or pondering on the matter was interrupted by Sairaorg coming back, but Joshua wasn't sure if he minded. He was fairly sure that the only thing waiting for him at the end of that topic was a headache. He'd rather not deal with that, especially then.

[}-o-{]​

"Seven out of ten," Joshua commented, entirely expecting the outraged reaction of his student. He was one of the problem ones, after all, those that had once had trouble respecting him. One of those that would grumble behind his back, about his classes, his methods, the Stars and many other things. He wasn't too clear on why they were in his courses at all, but they weren't troublesome enough for him to do something about it.

At least, not anymore.

"But it works! It's perfect!"

"First of all, just because it works doesn't mean it's perfect," Joshua told the student, holding back a roll of his eyes. "A seven is a passing grade. Hell, you only need a six to pass. You did well enough."

"What's the problem with it then?!" the student demanded and he didn't even bother stopping himself from sighing. It was going to be one of those days, he could already guess. He had a date with Serafall after class, so he'd rather not be delayed.

Thus…

"Good question and I'll direct that towards the students that are more sense capable," he said, glancing towards the rest of the class. Immediately, he saw almost all of them look away from him. There were some notable ones though, that instead stared at the hex foci, likely already focusing on the energies.

"Too weak?" one of them asked rather than asked.

"That your final answer?" Joshua asked and the man grimaced while he grinned. He liked to throw "trap" questions like that at times. Sometimes it'd mean that they were wrong, sometimes it'd be to test how sure they were even when they were right.

"Too chaotic?"

"Not chaotic enough?"

He raised an eyebrow at the pair that gave those hesitant answers. Friends, maybe? Maybe even a couple, for all he knew. It was amusing that they came to opposite answers almost at the same time and each was looking at the other like they were dumb. They were both wrong though.

"Too passive?" another voice commented and she sounded a little more sure than everyone else. "Hexes are wild, aggressive. This one feels too… tame?" she added hesitantly.

Joshua grinned at her.

"Exactly. It's not wrong for you guys to try and tame hexes, but the more you do so, the less effective they'll be. If you want a completely tame magic, you're better off just using wards instead. They are the perfectly tame version of hexes, sort of, so that's a better option if that's what you want," Joshua explained and several of the students were taking notes already. "Hexes are better at what they do when you allow them to be wild. It's more difficult to control them that way, but they'll work better the more free they are. So, yes, your hex work, but it's too tame for the purposes of this exercise," he said, turning towards the caster of the spell at the end.

Waving for him to return to his seat, Joshua continued with the class. Having some other students cast their own hexes and grading them. Not the whole class, since he didn't have the whole day, but also because he liked to have them try their casting in smaller groups. It gave him more time to address each attempt and also it meant that the students usually had more time to prepare in between attempts.

"And with that awesome piece of casting-," he praised, making the man that had just showed off his own spellwork beam at him. He'd gotten a nine out of ten; Very high for someone that wasn't a Star. "-we are done for today. You know what to do for next class already, so, I'll see you then. Do prepare well, those of you that need to cast, alright?"

"Yes, Professor Davis," many voices replied before the usual noise of everyone leaving filled the room.

"Mr. Davis?" Ravel called for his attention then, making him blink and turn towards her.

"Yes?" he asked.

"I just wanted to share with you my progress in regards to the Sitri situation," the Phenex told him, passing him a few sheets of paper with notes on them. Reading through, it seemed that she'd succeed in getting Raters interested in Sona's school. She hadn't even needed all that much persuasion with some of them too, which was a nice surprise. Either that, or she'd used the Phenex side to push for them to join in instead of pulling on his own strings in the matter.

Both options worked for him, really.

"Great work," he praised and the girl looked entirely too happy. It reminded him of Kunou quite a bit, really. Maybe he could cut her some slack for a bit, considering she was doing wonders at keeping his schedule somewhat functional despite the many things in it.

It was as good a time for that as any too, since he'd finished some things and opened some space in said schedule. He was done with the Sleep Disease, sort of. He'd finished Project Ascension's first step. He was done repairing Yasaka's defenses and was now just occasionally adding some new spells here and there.

"You've been doing really great work," he clarified, if only to be able to follow that up with his next words. "You can take a break from all this if you want. You've earned that much, for sure. If there's anything I can do for you, just say the word too. You've gone above and beyond what I expected when you started working for me," he told her, making the girl's eyes widen.

"Hm, I'll… I'll keep that in mind, sir," she replied hesitantly and he rolled his eyes.

"For now, how about some ice cream? My treat," he offered and the doubt was replaced with excitement.

She was a great secretary, but Ravel was evidently still a child at heart, it seemed.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Training Joshua, Dating Joshua, Helping Joshua, Teaching Joshua, we had all kinds of Joshuas in this chapter, huh? All of them fun, even if Dating Joshua will never not be a headache and incredibly awkward to write. At least you guys seem to think it's decent, so I'll take your word for it.

Some plans were derailed, but overall the chapter seems to be fine, so long as I didn't ruin the romance in it.

Here's hoping, and here's also hoping that you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: F1 season is over. What do I even do with my life now?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 198 others
Adrian King
Jan 28, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 171 - Hello, Monster
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Feb 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#793
Hello, Monster

"Please… Please, stop."

"Hm, I wonder how many people said that to you," Joshua replied, face clear of emotions as he continued analyzing the data he was getting. It was so very interesting, to see the effects of whatever Ophis was handing Khaos Brigade elites to boost themselves up. That little sliver of infinity was fascinating.

Not only for the baffling pool of energy that it was and gave, but also for what it did to its hosts. All of the samples Joshua had to test and analyze were being twisted, consumed, by the thing. Their souls were fraying at the seams, only held together by his spells and their admittedly superior physiques. If Cao Cao were one such case, then he'd surely have died already, despite Joshua's best efforts, just because of the relative frailty of his human body.

Although, he liked to think it'd be different if he got his hands on humans affected by the thing then and there. After all, with some time to study Ophis' curse, Joshua had a better understanding of it and its effects. At the very least, he thought he was getting better at dealing with the thing and what it did. Nowhere near where he wanted to be, but few of the things that interested him were things he could understand quickly.

He was picky that way, he supposed.

"Please," Katerea whimpered, but he ignored her. He was way past giving a fuck about Khaos Brigade. If the Ophis Curse – which was what he was calling the thing, whatever it might actually be – could be the key, the tool, that could help him deal with the organization once and for all, he'd happily torture her and the others to death slowly. Alas, he wasn't sure, so there was no glee, just disgust and reluctance.

Not enough of either to stop him though.

"You should give up," Kokabiel commented from his cell. He'd been the target of his studying just a few minutes ago – or had it been an hour already? –, but he seemed to be a lot more… composed every single time. If Joshua had to guess, it was because he'd been a front line fighter in the Great War. He'd probably suffered a lot and very varied kinds of pain through his life. Or maybe he was just built different – in a way that had nothing to do with him being a different species – and that was that. Both seemed just as likely to Joshua, to be honest.

"Really should, because I'm not going to stop," he added onto the Fallen's statement. "At least, not until I've wrung every little bit of data that I can from you. That boost in power is my focus right now, but you're perfect for me to study devil bloodlines and devils as a whole. Much better than random devils, at least, considering I don't have to care what happens to you."

"Sitri… Sitri needs me alive," Katerea breathed out, crawling on the floor towards the bars of her cell. "She needs me."

"Hm, true, but you're useful even if you're dead. Your head on a spike is good enough for her, to hear her say it. The info I'm getting from you is much more useful than whatever she'd get politically from you being kept alive," Joshua explained flatly. He wasn't even bluffing or anything. Serafall herself had told him to go wild if he thought he might get something useful from the bunch, same as Yasaka had and later Gabriel. Sure, getting Katerea alive would be a bonus, but not enough of one to hinder his research. Not only that… "Besides, this way Serafall gets to make nice with the Youkai and some other powers, which is always nice," he commented with a slight grin.

"You… You…" she struggled to start, either not finding the words to say what she wanted, not finding something to say at all or with her mind too addled by the pain to string a thought together.

"Me," Joshua said with a shrug. He was becoming more and more detached to the horrors he was unleashing on his subjects, he realized. He didn't see it as a bad thing though. After all, he'd had to do it anyway, so he'd rather not have to feel horrible about it. It wasn't like he didn't think it was wrong and messed up. He was just less burdened by those facts, able to look at it more pragmatically…

Or maybe he was becoming a monster.

Either way, that was what he needed to be to survive in the world he was in, he supposed. If he was soft, not only would he be eaten alive, but so would the people he cared for. So, if he needed to be one more monster that messed up world, he'd be just that.

He remembered very well what it was like to lose everything and he'd rather do what he was doing, go down the path he was going, than to let that happen again. He'd barely survived that. Hadn't survived that, depending on how one looked at it, considering he was pretty sure DxD Joshua had been basically the same as him. If it happened again…

It couldn't happen again.

"Don't worry too much," he commented indifferently, looking at Katerea. "It's Shalba's turn now. You can wait for the next visit now," he added, aware that the woman probably could barely count that as a good thing. He didn't much care though. He wasn't really trying to reassure her.

Then he turned towards the male devil on the next cell over.

The man was clearly hearing their conversation and was remaining silent even at that point. Joshua looked into those terrified eyes and wondered if he was hoping remaining quiet would buy him more time. He probably did deeply appreciate the fact that Joshua had spent some of his time down there just talking with Katerea and getting a little lost in thought.

Joshua would have to put him first next visit, to make up for the lost time, he supposed.

If he was to become a monster, at least he could try to be a fair one.

[}-o-{]​

"Ok, so we are in a bit of a pickle," Joshua commented flippantly, leaning back and balancing his chair on two legs as he looked up at the ceiling. Idly, he moved his right index fingers in circles pointing up, following Margalo's flight above him. "I think there's an easy solution to this though. We just have to-"

"If you say something about stealing, Domino, I swear I'll smack you," Serafall hissed at him, pointing at him with her magic staff. They were once more on the set of her show and having fun. It was interesting how her secondary job that she'd dragged him into had turned into a pseudo-date arrangement for them. Neither of them was complaining though. Serafall loved it and Joshua found it very relaxing, so they were fine with that.

"Well, way to unnecessarily complicate the situation for us, Levi," Joshua replied, dramatically lamenting his idea being rejected. "How do you propose we help the damsel in distress of the day then?" he asked then, gesturing towards Ravel, who was having a cameo in the show and acting like his words were some personal insult. It was the payment for working exceedingly well that she'd chosen. He found it a little odd and it didn't sound like enough, but if that's what she wanted… "By the way, is it weird when it's not you, or is it just me?"

"I'm not a damsel in distress," Serafall hissed at him.

"You sure? My track record of saving your pretty little a-" he started, stopping as Serafall's glare intensified. "-self-," he corrected quickly, faking slight nerves. "-says differently. I've had to help you out of a situation more than anyone else," he commented, going back to grinning and then doing so even wider when Serafall's character was unable to come up with a response. He was right, after all. "I think that's the real reason you keep me around, but it's fine. I'll keep saving you anyway," he joked, winking at Serafall.

"If you could shut up for once," Serafall all but growled. "We have a girl to help."

"Right… How do we do that though? Because you left me out of ideas," he commented with a shrug.

"Well, I have an idea, but we'll have to ask for help, I think," Serafall replied, acting her part like the pro she was and visibly seeming hesitant. "It'll be troublesome though."

"Who do you even know that can help with this, because the only person remotely related to this kind of bullsh-..." he started saying before stopping and trailing off. "No way," he said incredulously, snapping forward and sitting properly and straight while Margalo landed on his shoulder and squawked to emphasize his acted disbelief.

"Do you have a better idea?"

"Yeah, we could not go to one of your enemies that kidnapped me and almost killed you a bunch of times?" he asked, eyebrows raised and gesturing like he was stating the obvious. "How in the world do you expect this to go well?"

"The Eternal Orbs are far away from her reach?" Serafall asked, an unsure smile on her face. "She also doesn't want the end of the world anymore… probably?" she tried then and he just raised an eyebrow. "I have a good feeling about this idea?"

"... You're so lucky I'm involved in this," he said towards Ravel, who'd been following the conversation like one would a tennis match. "Now, off we go to visit Miss Raven Way."

"You're gonna have to call her by her name if we want her to work with us, you know?"

"Make me," Joshua replied flatly while Margalo trilled a laugh.

"And cut!" the director said and Joshua leaned back on his chair, once more balancing it on two legs.

"That felt good, but Ravel didn't get to say much after the start," he commented, frowning. He resolutely ignored the little girl's protests that it was fine. This was payment for her, after all. He didn't want to half-ass it. "Can we shoot that again with more lines for her?"

"Sure can!" Serafall replied instantly, almost excited. "I think she's less of an improviser though, so we'll have to have things ready beforehand. Never you worry though!" she added, that last part interrupting the Phenex before she could get started on an argument. "Some people improvise well, some work better with a script. You might just be the latter. I've worked with both and had no problems. I'm a pro, after all!"

"Let her do her thing," Joshua told Ravel with a smile. "She'll have her fun and you'll get what you want. Everyone wins."

"... If you say so…" she mumbled, to which he rolled his eyes. "Thank you, Mr. Davis."

"Don't mention it. You earned it," he dismissed, rolling his eyes. "Now, how do we add a few lines of dialogue for you? Ideas?" He almost laughed at the excited looks on both Serafall and Ravel. Yeah, he wasn't going to do a lot of talking in that conversation, he could already tell. Still though, it was nice to just look at both of them having fun.

So, with a content smile, he waved one of the helpers around that already knew to bring him a cup of tea. And another for a snack for Margalo, after the bird pecked his ear. Both of them would take a break and continue to have fun after the discussion between the excited children was over.

He had no doubt that Margalo would have been excited child number three if she could actually talk to the other two though. Then again, she seemed just as happy just sitting there and spending some time with him. Besides, she'd get to participate at least a little through their bond – meaning through him voicing her opinions – whenever she actually wanted to say something.

All in all though, it was shaping up to be a nice afternoon, Joshua decided.

Not very productive, but a nice afternoon all the same.

Not everything needed to be work, after all.

[}-o-{]​

"Daaad! Koneko's cheating!" Kunou whined, only a meager pair of cards in her hands and her side of the board almost empty. She was losing really badly, worse than she had the last few matches. She was getting more and more frustrated and that clearly wasn't helping.

"Am not," the white-haired nekoshou denied, a frown on her usually impassive face and there was even a hint of a pout there. It was adorable, but she was also upset. One of them being upset was one thing, but both? That couldn't happen. The fact that Kunou was the reason Koneko was upset was that little bit more unacceptable too.

"Kunou. Apologize to Koneko," he said, raising an unimpressed eyebrow at his daughter. Sure, he spoiled her a lot with a lot of things, but when she got actually problematic, he didn't hesitate. He didn't want to push her onto the worst side of the spoiled scale, after all.

"But-!…" she almost started before seeing the almost glare that the nekoshou was directing at her. It was less angry and more hurt. Apparently, Koneko was feeling emotional that day, since she didn't usually get affected that much. Maybe he should talk to her? "... I'm sorry."

"... It's fine," the white-haired girl mumbled, looking down at her cards, the board and absolutely avoiding their gazes. Joshua looked at Kuroka, who was sitting across from him. He could definitely notice that she wanted to tell him something with her gaze.

A little nudging from Cheshire helped him along.

"Kunou," he said and he immediately had to give his daughter a soft smile, just to let her know that no, he wasn't angry or anything. Apparently, she realized that things had gotten serious all of a sudden and she didn't want to mess up. "Can you go with Kuroka to get some ice cream for everyone? I want to talk with Koneko for a bit."

"Sure," Kunou all but whispered, setting down her cards and standing up. "... I'm really sorry."

"She knows, don't worry," Joshua told her when the nekoshou didn't look inclined to speak. Then he watched the two of them go, not before Kuroka directed a smile and a thumbs up his way though. "Now, I said that, but do you want to talk?"

"... I'm fine," Koneko told him in that tone that anyone not feeling fine would use. He'd know, he used that a lot throughout his life. Thus, he just stared at her and raised an eyebrow while Cheshire jumped on top of the table beside him to stare at her too. "Really, I'm fine."

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to," Joshua told her softly with a sad smile. "But don't lie to me, okay?"

"... Sorry," she mumbled, looking down even more, as if trying to make herself look smaller than she already was. "I just… I got jealous, and that's stupid."

"Why is it stupid?" he asked, mostly trying to keep the conversation going now that it seemed like it was happening at all. And also to buy himself some time, because that was certainly a statement. He'd talked about adopting her once or twice, sure. She'd asked herself once, he kind of remembered. However, it had never sounded like an actual possibility for either of them.

It was all hypotheticals and such, and he'd even checked with Cheshire to make sure he wasn't being dumb.

He hadn't been, but maybe Koneko had changed her mind?

"It's stupid because I didn't really mind, you being her dad, her being your daughter," Koneko said, her frown growing more pronounced and her grip on her cards bending them. Slowly, he reached for her hands and pushed them down a little, making her set the cards down. "I don't know why it got to me today."

"Everyone has their ups and downs, days when small things feel bigger or when big things feel smaller," Joshua commented to her with a reassuring smile. "It's fine to feel a little more or a little less from time to time," he added.

"Hm… I just…" Koneko hummed, visibly struggling to pick the words to communicate what was in her mind. "It's not like I want you to adopt me or anything. I just… wish I had something like that."

"You'll get there, Kuroka and you," he reassured her as best he could and grabbed her hand and squeezed it a little when he saw her choking up a little. "It'll take time, but you both obviously care for one another. It'll be fine."

"You sure?" she mumbled, so low he almost missed it.

"Yep. Mostly because I'll be here to stop your sister from messing up again," he told her with a grin that she returned with the smallest of smiles. It might as well have been a giggle, considering this Koneko of all people.

"You promise?" she asked shyly.

"Pinky promise," he answered with a wider grin as he offered the aforementioned finger to her.

"I'm not a child," Koneko grumbled then, her smile vanishing and being replaced with a pout. In response though, he wiggled his finger at her, making her huff. She did take him up on it though, which was all that he needed to consider the whole thing a win. "Idiot."

"Yep, that's me," he replied, not bothered at all. "If it helps though," he continued, drawing her yellow eyes towards him. "You're already unofficially part of the Davis family. You're stuck with us now."

"Hm… I guess I can live with that," she said, but her expression betrayed her, what with the smile on her face. He'd seen a bunch of those on her by that point, despite how impassive she was most of the time. At that moment though, it was easily one of the widest ones, if not outright the widest.

Yeah, he'd done well.

"Good. Welcome to the family. We have lots of idiots and blondes, sometimes both in one," he told her, drawing a giggle.

Wow, he was on a roll.

"Most of the time, you mean?"

"Et tu?"

[}-o-{]​

To say he was nervous would have been wrong.

To say he was not would have been… also wrong, somewhat.

If Joshua had to put it into words, he'd say that he was some strange mix between nervous and expectant. A lot could go wrong, but he was confident that he'd given it the proper thought and that the solution he'd come up with was the right one. He couldn't think of a single thing that could go wrong. At least, not irreparably so. Furthermore, the only bad scenarios that came to mind were ones where his aim failed and he'd just have to start over.

The worst case scenario had been neutralized and all that remained were minor inconveniences, as far as he was aware.

"Ended up being simpler than I thought," he commented out loud as he continued setting up the new spell room he'd needed to prepare for this one experiment/project. Not to say that he didn't sometimes speak to himself – the least of his oddities, really, he was pretty sure –, but at that moment he was speaking out loud because he had an audience, really. Serafall, Yasaka, Gabriel and his familiars, all had gathered around, in the spaces that weren't covered in circles and foci.

"So you say," Gabriel mused, not necessarily doubting him, but he didn't fault her for not being absolutely sure like he was. "Your theory is sound at the very least, and despite the many risks of failure, nothing bad should happen."

"That's kind of what I'm going for, really," Joshua said with a shrug. "Trial and error is the way to progress. I needed to make sure nothing terrible would happen if things went wrong though."

"And we appreciate it, Josh~" Serafall told him, waving at him before taking one of the snacks on the table they were sitting at. It all looked fairly laid back, really, considering what Joshua was about to attempt, but that was Serafall for you. "So, you done?" she added then, noticing that he wasn't casting anymore.

"Yep," Joshua replied, taking a few deep breaths in and going through the process that'd follow in his head. It wouldn't be long, but it'd be complex, so he needed to have it very clear in his head.

"We're ready when you are," Yasaka told him calmly, taking a sip from her cup of tea before setting it back on the table and standing up. Serafall and Gabriel weren't too far behind themselves. It would be nice to have back up just in case, but Joshua was almost positive that it wouldn't be necessary.

"Okay then. Let's get started."

And with that said, he started pulling the strings on his spells. First, it was a matter of gathering magic and shaping it. Nothing new nor complex, at least for him at that point. Magic manipulation through spells had been a staple of his spellcasting since almost the very beginning, after all.

The network of spells was fed, everything was powered and then came the amalgam that'd help with the next step. It was a new concept for Joshua – probably for human magic too, if not magic in general –, but he was walking into uncharted territory, as far as he was concerned. There might be a few people that'd touched on it before, but he didn't have any info on the matter, so the point stood.

'Step One: Foundation. Done,' he thought, taking a deep breath in. Then he reached into himself, through the bond with the egyptians and pulled on them. He didn't go for any specific deity though. Instead, he called and let the deities most fitting answer. He needed life deities, all of them, if he could get away with that.

As it turned out, he could.

Osiris, Amun, Anuket and many more reached through the bond, giving him the power he was asking for. He'd been practicing with this new channeling approach just for this and he had to say that it was effective. Maybe he could try to apply it to other things in the future. For the moment though, he needed to get to the next phase.

'Step Two, Blood,' Joshua thought, taking a portion of his own life energy, through spells and senjutsu usage both, and feeding it into the amalgam of spellwork and magic. Once that was done, he sent that mix through the array, this time with both magic and life.

'Step Three,' he thought, diving into what was probably the most complex part of the whole thing. 'Conception,' he finished, letting out a long sigh through his nose before he got to it. No matter how much research he made, after all, it wasn't easy to do what he was trying to.

It wasn't easy to create a soul.

Joshua had studied the souls of everything he could get his hands on, humans, devils, angels, youkai, fallen, Sacred Gears, animals and even plants, some more in depth than others. Everything had its own essence that gave them life, that made them different from every other member of their species. That's what he was trying to replicate, to form and shape.

The circles and foci were the body.

The magic and life were the blood.

And now, he needed a soul.

So, that's what he shaped as best he could. He'd touched souls when he'd burned his through deity channeling. He'd done so again – almost entirely unknowingly at first – when he increased angel's wing number. He'd done so again to cure the Sleep Disease. He knew how to manipulate it to a certain extent, but this was new, very much so.

He was taking disconnected energy and life to shape an entirely new soul.

Despite all the preparation and the fact that it was the aim at all, Joshua was still shocked when he felt something stir in the spell array. 'It worked?' he thought, incredulously. That had been the step he was sure would fail, after all. 'Holy shit, it actually worked,' he exclaimed in his mind, eyes wide.

He wasn't done though.

It was time for the fourth step already. Some amusement cut through the focus and the surprise at that very moment, drawing a smile from Joshua. Because that one had been named by Kunou, actually, with the full approval of the rest of the family.

He reached forward, touching the spell more gingerly when he'd usually just pull and make it do whatever he wanted. Spell arrays were always tools though, except this one time, because he'd given life to this one. So, he touched it, more of an attempt at a greeting than anything else.

It touched back to his consciousness through the connection he shared with all his spells. It was confused, but curious. It was disoriented, sort of, but also strangely focused. Not entirely an unexpected development though, but he needed to keep things going.

So, once he was there, he "spoke" to it through the connection and nudged it in a certain direction. He'd thought it was manipulative of him, to basically force a new being into what he planned, but it was the only way to keep things under control. However, at that moment, he felt more like he was helping it, because the thing felt so lost…

He took its metaphorical hand and guided it then, through every step of the way. Thus, the living spell array swore an Oath to him and him to it. Through it, both communicated their intent. Joshua would help it and the spell would help him in turn, simple, but effective, and considering Oaths were entirely based on intent, there wouldn't be any loopholes nor plays on words to abuse. Both parties had to agree and both of them had to communicate all parts of the deal. He rather liked that straightforwardness.

Initially he'd thought about incorporating the Oath to the spellcasting, but that had been dumb, and overcomplicating things. Instead, why not just make the living being take the Oath and call it a day? That's what he'd decided to go with in the end.

Although, he'd thought the entire thing would fail at a bunch of spots already by then… but he'd been wrong apparently.

'And the name is more fitting than I thought,' he mused, feeling the spell looking around and communicating many things through their connection, which felt so much deeper than with any other spell. It curiously looked around, prodding and looking at everything. Meanwhile, Joshua did his best to explain everything to it through their connection too. 'Step Four: Adoption.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

The multifaceted nature of Joshua's life is shown once more. Lots of very different things going on. From fluff to torture to spellcrafting and everything in between.

Now, I'm happy with most of this chapter – I know, a rarity –, but the thing that has me a little unsure is the end of the chapter. Now, I'm almost sure it'll be a case like we've had many others before. There'll be people that think it took way longer than necessary for this to get done and there'll be some reassuring me that it's fine and all that. For the former, I'll remind you that I don't care if this slowed down the story or whatever. I'm writing things as I think they should be and this feels like something that'd take a while.

As it is, I feel like I've unreasonably sped up many of Joshua's projects for the sake of not taking years and years of in-story time.

For the people that think this is good, I wish I could see what you see. I guess it's true that you're your worst critic. Thanks for putting up with my self-deprecating ass, alright? I appreciate it.

Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What do you think Joshua, the serial adopter, will adopt next? Let's be real, it's only a matter of time before it happens again.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 199 others
Adrian King
Feb 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 172 - Friends With the Noise in My Head New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Feb 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#806
Friends With the Noise in My Head

[Yasaka]

Well, Joshua had been wrong.

Why?

Because the man had convinced all three of them that his chances of succeeding this attempt were low. They'd believed him too, because… Why wouldn't they? What he was trying to do was hard. Not the first time he'd tried to do something difficult, crazy and previously thought impossible, for sure, but still. To hear him say it, he'd need several attempts to iron out all the details about his living spell creation.

That had sounded reasonable enough, even when considering it was him.

In hindsight, the three of them should have known better. Joshua didn't do reasonable when it came to his projects, apparently not even by his own standards. He seemed to have made it his life mission to just go above and beyond the expectations of people. Just when they thought they knew what he could do, he'd do something else to prove them wrong. No matter how much they tried not to underestimate him, he'd still make them look like fools.

"He did it," Gabriel breathed out, probably the most affected of the three of them. Not that Yasaka blamed her. It probably hit a little more for her, seeing Joshua create life. Especially so relatively soon after he gave an angel more wings.

Truly, how did Joshua expect women not to come his way. With some luck, some of his feats would remain secret, otherwise the three of them would have their hands full trying to keep pantheons and their women away from their man. He really wasn't doing them any favors in that regard, honestly.

Serafall, for her part, just hummed her agreement with the observation, looking with wide eyes as Joshua did whatever he wanted with no concern for what should be possible or not. Yasaka didn't expect more from her though, considering she was fairly good at keeping her focus calm and laid back, sort of. If anything, Yasaka expected her to be the most collected of the three, at least when it came to the madness that Joshua could bring.

Yasaka guessed it was her time to be the unflappable one for once though. Not because she wasn't surprised or shocked or whatever else, but because she was kind of getting used to Joshua's antics. Serafall had arguably been around for longer, but her power level was, admittedly, higher than Yasaka's. That meant that she'd been less surprised before and thus had less time to get used to what Joshua could do.

For her part, Yasaka had been plenty surprised in the past already. It was becoming the usual, even though she doubted she'd ever get completely used to it. At least she didn't give an unsightly display while witnessing Joshua's prowess.

Thus, she happily sat back down and took her cup of tea before-

"Does that count as his child?" Serafall asked, turning innocently towards them and almost making her choke on her drink. "What?" the devil had the gall to say when both Yasaka and Gabriel turned to stare at her. "Does it?"

That…

All three of them turned to look at Joshua, who was absorbed… interacting with the spell, Yasaka guessed. She wasn't too sure, to be perfectly honest. Serafall made a good point though. Did it count as the spell being his child? Hadn't God made the "first generation" Angels in a similar way – if with a completely different process and outcome, obviously –, after all?

"I guess it does?" Gabriel mused, tilting her head, more curious than anything else. That was one way to look at it indeed.

"I suddenly wonder if I should be annoyed I didn't think to offer my energy for this," Yasaka commented and both women beside her turned wide-eyed towards her. Apparently, they hadn't thought about that until she mentioned it. She didn't blame them. It was probably because she'd spent maybe a little too much time considering-

They were all distracted again when Joshua's familiars started moving towards the man. This wasn't all though, because Joshua had extended his hand in front of him, palm up. A second later, she saw energy coalesce over it like a floating light with some of it drifting off like wispy, colorful smoke.

"Say hi," they heard Joshua say and even though he had his back to them, Yasaka could almost hear the smile on his voice. Idly, she wondered if he was talking to his familiars or the spell… or both. The latter option seemed more likely, considering the way the energy flared the smallest bit and the creatures around the man replied right back, all in their own way. "Well… welcome to the family," the man said, sounding even more happy and…

"Ugh, he's so unfair," Serafall groaned.

"He is," Gabriel agreed, shoulders dropping.

The only one unaffected was Yasaka, because she had good reason. She was kind of immune to Joshua's parental side. Kunou helped with that, after all, if not completely. She imagined there'd be conversations about solving this "issue" for all of them at some point. Yasaka wasn't too concerned.

She was ahead of them before and she was ahead of them with this too.

"Joshua can probably tinker a spell or two that'd help me, right?" Serafall asked and Yasaka paused, considered the idea and then took back her previous thought. Maybe she didn't have as much advantage as she thought. The Davis family could grow as fast as Joshua wanted it to, when the time came.

Oh well…

"Cute, right?" they heard Joshua asked, turning towards them with a grin on his face. A second later, they felt the spell turn its attention towards them. There was no unfeeling stare like with his wards. There was no aggressive glare like with his hexes. There was no soft gaze like with his boons.

Instead… it just felt like someone else sensing her.

"I shouldn't be surprised anymore at this point," they heard Joshua say as he chuckled and shook his head. Whatever he'd learned at that very moment would remain a mystery, because the man didn't seem inclined to answer the unasked questions. Instead, he moved on to something else, arguably just as weird. "Everyone, meet Friday."

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

'I really shouldn't be surprised anymore,' he thought to himself, glancing at the screen to his side wryly. Or, at least, one of them. He'd check the Quest rewards and such later. For the moment, he had something much more pressing to look at.

[Friday

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Living Spell

Gender: Female

Strength: -

Speed: -

Dexterity: -

Vitality: B

Perception: A

Magic: A

Life: B]

'What's up with my familiars being all female?' he wondered, half resigned already. It had been weird when Margalo joined, but this was just something else. 'Is it a me thing? She probably shouldn't even have a gender. What the fuck? Hell, I even used my own energy, so shouldn't it be male?' he thought, absolutely baffled by the turn of events. Then he glanced towards his familiars and pondered their connection to him and to his soul. 'Did that influence it more than me being male? I don't even know…'

All in all though, his mind was more occupied keeping a metaphorical eye on the newly born Friday, if born was even the right way to use in that situation. Not only did Joshua have to make sure the amalgamation of living magic wasn't going off the rails, but he also… Well, it was a little endearing to see her glance around with his- her sensing spells. It reminded him of Margalo when she was but a fledgling.

She was difficult to read, considering how strange her whole being was, but he could sense her child-like curiosity plain as day all the same. It showed in the way she focused on anything and everything. Him, his familiars, Serafall, Yasaka, Gabriel, the room, the circles that had given her life, their clothes, the table, the cups, the tea, the snacks, everything was inspected with the same intensity.

It was kind of adorable that every other option that she could check out, she'd come back to look at him. It would have been a little worrying, but Cheshire seemed fine with things and so did everyone else. So, he was not a biased opinion… or, at least, his biased opinion wasn't a problem.

There was also a very simple set of facts that backed up his now very relaxed outlook on this new… addition.

[Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis]

[Bond: Friday - 20/100]

'Somehow, the fact that she's my familiar too isn't even the most unbelievable thing that's happened today. Not by a long shot,' Joshua thought to himself wryly. 'The reassurance is appreciated though,' he added, nudging the curious baby spell when she came back to look at him once more. She "poked" back at him and he nudged her again.

And then it became a little game of poking each other through the familiar bond. He'd almost not realized that it was one. She felt very different from his familiars, after all, but that was because of her very different nature and not – as he'd initially suspected – because she was very different from the usual spell or spell array. Same principle but different interpretation, he supposed.

"Joshua?" a voice called him and he was snapped out of his distracted state by Serafall. Immediately, he grinned wryly when he felt Friday turn to look at the devil rather intently. "Sorry for interrupting?" the woman said, evidently noticing the shift.

Quietly, Joshua reached through the bond and tried his best to explain to Friday who Serafall was and what she meant. It was difficult, considering the newborn didn't have the concept of… pretty much anything in her mind. However, he'd be teaching her all that she needed to know. A job that her sister familiars would probably help with. Friday was in good hands, so long as she didn't listen to Nagini too much.

"Don't worry," he reassured Serafall, resolutely ignoring the scandalized reaction of his snake familiar at his thought. "Friday is getting used to… existing, and I'm kind of holding her hand in the meantime," he explained, feeling how Morag tugged at the bond connections he shared with Friday and took over before the spell could get restless.

She was going to be even more of a hassle than Margalo, he could already tell. The bird squawked in outrage, but she didn't have much of a leg to stand on when they'd had to do basically everything for her when she was a hatchling and a nestling. He only had to shoot some of his memories of that time at her to embarrass her and have her quiet down.

"Something the matter?" he asked Serafall, focusing on her once more. As if he didn't have enough of a drifting mind, Friday was going to be eating at what little focus he had, it seemed.

"We just wanted to make sure everything was fine. It feels fine on our end, but…" Gabriel said, taking over for the devil. He just smiled at them, because yeah, it seemed like everything was, indeed, fine.

"Yeah. She's fine. The Oath took hold perfectly, Cheshire seems to think everything is fine with her too," he said, both statements reassuring the women in the room plenty. "And she's my familiar now too, apparently, by the feel of things."

"I did think there was something going on," Yasaka said while the other two paused. He didn't know why Serafall suddenly looked so intently curious, but he didn't have much time to wonder about that. "I can feel your connection differently than with your spells. It's not quite the same as with your familiars yet, but it's probably getting there."

"Nice," he said, smiling. Then he blinked and turned to look to the side. Friday had apparently latched onto the warm feelings in him even more intently than she did everything else. No surprises there though. No reason she shouldn't be interested in what was basically feeling happy and just… good. "There's a world for you to see, Friday. How about I start showing you a little of it?" he asked, grinning even wider when the spell seemingly jumped on the feeling.

"Oh, oh! Can we show her our show?!" Serafall asked excitedly and Joshua really should have seen that coming.

"Maybe after she has a better idea of what the regular world is like, yeah?" he asked, taking the wind out of the devil's sails.

[}-o-{]​

Off to the side, he saw Jeanne with her kendo friends and she seemed to be having a good time. It was a common sight at the cafe, really, whenever he dropped by. There was always a fifty-fifty chance that she'd be there with them.

Then there was a smaller chance of her being with Kiba – they didn't always go to the cafe when they spent time together, after all –, especially when Joshua wasn't around to tease them, but at that moment the devil was there with his peerage. Somehow, his cafe had become a place frequented by devils, not only the Gremory but also the Sitri, even though those latter ones weren't around that day. Then again, he guessed it made some sense when Jeanne had made the place somewhat popular for Kuoh students. She might suck at studying, but she was surprisingly good with people.

He was proud of her, especially for having come so far from the girl he'd picked up from the street.

"Everything alright, Joshua?" Issei asked him, arriving at his table to give him a cup of tea. "You seem more…" the boy started before trailing off, failing to find the right words for what he wanted to say.

"Off than usual," Aika finished for her boyfriend absently. She was more focused on the book she was reading on a table close to Joshua's. He'd offered to have her sit with him so that he could answer questions and such but…

"Yeah, that," Issei confirmed. "Nothing wrong, right?"

"Not at all," Joshua answered, shaking his head and taking a cup of tea. "Just distracted. One of my projects ended… giving me more work right after I finished it."

"How does that even work?" Aika asked, looking up from the book and frowning at him.

"I don't have normal projects," he said as way of an answer, smiling. He felt Friday grow a little agitated, which was why he sent through their connection his best calm, content feeling. It worked, which gave him the time to explain to her that no, he wasn't insulting her.

It wasn't even that she understood their words, really. It was more that she was reading the emotions coming from him and from Aika. She felt that they were talking about her, Aika's confusion and other things and then felt Joshua agreeing, so she was affected. That was… not frustrating nor worrying, but it was certainly a bit of an inconvenience. It was also why Joshua was so distracted all the time those days.

He found himself needing to take a moment every so often just to explain things to her as best he could. For the moment, it was mostly through emotions and perceptions, but he was working towards words. Friday didn't seem to have much of a problem learning, absorbing everything like a sponge. She stumbled a little from time to time, but it was what came with the territory of knowing literally nothing. It was like Joshua had to input every little thing that made a person… Well, a person at all, and he had to do it manually, like making an artificial beach one grain of sand at a time.

"Evidently," Aika mumbled, looking like she was debating whether she wanted to know more or not. Ultimately, she decided on the latter. "On a different note… I wanted to ask for advice."

"Go ahead then," he said, leaning back against his chair and waiting. Idly, he had a short exchange with Friday to help her be a little patient and also continue to feed her knowledge. Then he pulled back and allowed Cheshire to take over Friday duty for a moment, like he did everytime he needed to focus on something else. His familiars were really helping him with that.

"Meredith and the rest of your Stars have been helping me a lot while I'm in House of Water," Aika told him, sighing before standing up and moving to sit with him. "I wanted to do something for them."

"They are likely to be doing this to repay me, so I wouldn't think too much about it," Joshua reassured her, but she didn't seem very convinced with that, expectedly. More and more, he was getting the hang of the unreasonable mentality of DxD people. Thus, he knew that she likely wouldn't see that as sufficient. She also likely felt indebted to him too, so it was kind of whatever in that aspect anyway. Fortunately, he had a Plan B. "If that's not enough for you, you can just get better with your magic. Divination can do a lot for practically anyone. Information is one of the most important things in life. God knows how much favor I've traded for knowledge."

"Hm… There's probably a ton of better diviners all around the world," she mumbled, clearly dejected.

"You'd be surprised," he told her, taking a sip from his cup of tea. The action seemed to exasperate the impatient girl, but that only amused him. "As I said, I almost always look for information, and I haven't found all that much about them if that's the case. Besides, just because you aren't the best now doesn't mean you can't be in the future. I wasn't always the best warder or hexer or booner in the world."

Arguably, he might not even be the best at that moment, although he was kind of getting swayed by the opinion of people around him… And the fact that he'd maxed those skills way above the norm for a human, considering the boosts he'd gotten to the level cap, nevermind the perks and such that he possessed. It might be his self-esteem issues speaking when he thought he wasn't the best.

"I've been teaching you and you're getting the best education you possibly can. I believe you can be that good in your own area," he told her and smiled when the girl blushed.

"Are you trying to steal my girlfriend, Joshua? Because that would not be cool," Issei said, half joking and making him roll his eyes. "Speaking of, I owe you plenty too, don't I?"

"Not at all. You helped protect my family. As far as I'm concerned, we are even. I might even be in your debt," he said and the boy straightened and looked like he was about to argue for a moment. Joshua was pleasantly surprised when it didn't happen though. Maybe, for once, the DxD debt culture wouldn't be annoying?

That was more miraculous than anything he might have done, in his opinion.

"I guess," Issei said and Joshua could have cheered.

"And I guess I'll work on things on my end for now," Aika mumbled, clearly far from pleased.

Joshua still counted the whole thing as a victory though, happily going back to explaining things to Friday. The boyfriend and girlfriend duo, for their part, returned to their respective things too. It was a fairly chill afternoon and that was great, because Friday was kind of demanding most of his brain power those days.

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"Is everything okay?" she asked, glancing at Joshua and feeling a little concerned.

She wasn't asking just because the man seemed more distracted than usual, which was saying something. He usually could at least focus on professional settings unless something was going on, like when he was dealing with magical exhaustion. That day though, his mind seemed to be half elsewhere at all times, if not more.

There was also the fact that the defenses he'd placed around the base were acting oddly. Not malfunctioning, of course, but the presences of the wards and hexes would flare and fade at random. It worried Agnes plenty, if she were honest. One of those things would be concerning, but both of them together? She felt pretty justified in being a bit cautious.

"He's fine, Director," the Phenex girl reassured her in her employer's stead, looking professional as ever even while Joshua stared off over Agnes' shoulder with vacant eyes. "Mr. Davis is dealing with the finishing touches of one of his projects. Nothing for you or your organization to worry about. I'll make sure his classes proceed as they were scheduled and his Stars will help me do that effectively. Besides-"

"I'm not in a coma, just distracted," Joshua finished for her, wry smile on his face as his eyes regained their usual focus. "I do need to… address this when it comes up, I'm afraid. I hope that won't be a problem."

"Not at all," Agnes replied almost instantly. She was still processing those news though, considering one of Joshua's projects sounded like it'd be big. What could do that to the magician that could casually make up an entirely new spell on the fly, off the top of his head for a class example? "I just wanted to make sure this wasn't something I should be concerned about."

"Not at all," Phenex told her, proud as if they were talking about her and not her employer. There was a certain edge there too though, as if she were daring Agnes to contradict her. Which was just stupid, honestly. She had more self-preservation than that. Who did the little devil take her for? "As I said, I'll make sure the quality of his classes doesn't drop and he should be back to normal before the Stars and I can't handle the classes anymore."

"Good to know," Agnes said with a nod. And boy were they good news to hear, because Joshua had moved up in the world once more, not only in House of Water, but also in the magician community and the supernatural world as a whole. Hard not to, when he'd casually beaten a Cadre and two Satan descendants like they were his red-headed step children before going off to save his Youkai leader girlfriend.

And then he'd gone back to teaching classes a few days after like nothing had happened. Granted, dealing with magical exhaustion, but everyone in the magician community would say that they were envious of that. And anyone that said otherwise was a liar, and a bad one at that.

Joshua had cemented House of Water's standing as a new, major magician association, maybe even the true top one. Before, they'd stood on even footing by virtue of favors and political power. Now, they stood there by magical power too, just with Joshua alone, nevermind the rest of the organization. Joshua could vanish into some other dimension that very day and people would be too afraid of him coming back to take House of Water lightly.

Joshua had brought them up with the carrot that were his classes.

And afterwards he'd made sure they stayed there by becoming the stick to threaten others with too.

Agnes had kind of completely resigned herself to having her entire association so indebted to the man that they were basically slaves without the actual label. He could ask for literally anything and they would just nod their heads and do whatever it was he wanted. It was that simple and the Phenex knew it. Agnes could see it in the way the devil looked at them.

They were just lucky that Joshua wasn't likely to let her do too much, considering the kind of person he was.

"Speaking of classes, I should get going for the next one, right?" Joshua asked, blinking as he turned towards the Phenex. The devil, for her part, nodded and smiled at her employer. "I'll see you guys later then," the man said, standing up and leaving just like that.

"... Did he forget what he came here for?" Báthory from her spot to the side of the room, watching Joshua leaving through the door without even appearing to hear her. Apparently, that had happened.

"Probably," the Phenex commented as she drew their attention back to her and towards the fact that she hadn't left with Joshua. "But I did not. I happen to know what Mr. Davis wanted from you two, so I'll negotiate in his stead."

Agnes almost wanted to groan.

She was not going to like this, she could already tell.

"Now, there's a matter which you both have helped Mr. Davis with, but he wants even more information. So, he's reaching out once more. He really wants to be informed on this matter, so I'll be using his power here liberally."

Well that was both good and terrible at the same time. Good because even if they could never get out of the debt hole, they still needed to try or their reputation would be ruined. It was also bad, however, because the devil liberally using such a massive amount of power could only mean stress in Agnes' future.

Joshua was going to be the cause of her having gray hairs sooner rather than later, she was sure.

And that was with magic to help her.

"He wants to know everything he can about vampires and the vampire factions."

Well, that didn't sound so bad.

Somehow though, Agnes wasn't reassured by this fact.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

The familiar gender coin strikes again!

… You know how it goes, guys. I don't even have it in me to make a comment on the matter. I'll just do as House of Water, nod and go with it. Much easier on me.

The initial ideas to name the living spell Glados, actually. However, I decided to go with one that was less… antagonistic a reference. Maybe surprisingly, I didn't find that many good AI characters to try and use here. There was Cortana, of course, but I didn't like it, considering there's also the virtual assistant thing.

Anyway, yeah, a bit of an aftermath chapter and a teaser for a future plot line.

Because Joshua just can't make things easy for me, no. He has to juggle twenty things at once or he's just not comfortable anymore. Workaholic piece of sh-

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What's the closest thing to you that's not the computer/phone/tablet/smart microwave you're reading this on? I have an empty mug at hand from the tea I drank some time ago.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 210 others
Adrian King
Feb 11, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 173 - Chasing Power, but I Ain’t Evil
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Feb 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#819
Chasing Power, but I Ain't Evil

[Joshua Davis]

Eventually, Friday showed signs of calming down.

She was nowhere near ready for almost anything in a lot of aspects though, of course. She still got confused just as much for just as inane things. She couldn't communicate well. The living spell was still growing into herself just as much as when she had first come to be.

However, she was calmer, and that was a very nice development.

What did he mean by this? Well, she was less likely to grow uneasy or react strongly to things when she got confused a little more than usual. She wasn't distressed whenever he talked about her and someone brought up how distracted he was and if it was inconvenient. In general, she had progressed from a baby that got fussy at the smallest thing to… a toddler, probably. Maybe that was an optimistic view of it, but a little optimism never hurt anyone… probably.

Baby steps, almost literally.

"You can't ignore me forever, Joshua," an entirely too serious voice told him and he resolved to prove her wrong by continuing what he was doing. His eyes remained fixed on Raynare and her spar against Kuroka. The Fallen had a lot more power, expectedly, but the Nekoshou was a lot trickier, using illusions and other little senjutsu and youjutsu tricks to avoid most of the force her opponent was unleashing on her.

He felt his eyebrow twitch when Friday seemed extra curious about the fact that someone was trying to get his attention and he was ignoring them. Apparently, that was a new enough experience that she took note of it. He didn't blame her, he didn't often do that, at least not when he wasn't directly distracted by Friday herself. At most, he'd be teasing someone for a bit, but he wouldn't normally go for this long.

His emotions were also different from the usual. After all, if he were teasing, then he'd feel mostly amusement. Now though, while there was some of that at that moment, there was also some annoyance and frustration. Not really directed at the person trying to get his attention, but also not really not related to her, he supposed.

"Joshua," she hissed, moving to stand in front of him and blocking his view. Friday took some offense to that, but he felt Nagini taking away her focus with a mental roll of her eyes. Confused, the living spell turned towards the snake and Morag, both venomous creatures taking a moment to entertain her.

"Sona," he replied blandly as he looked into the devil's violet eyes.

"Finally acknowledging my existence?" the girl asked, raising an unimpressed eyebrow. She seemed extra annoyed by the fact that he didn't react nor did his flat expression change. He kind of understood why Serafall was a little extra over the top when it came to Sona. She had cute reactions.

"I kind of needed to, don't I? You couldn't have gotten here otherwise," he pointed out, which was extra effective considering it was true. Nobody got inside his place without him noticing and giving permission. Especially now that Friday was around, pulling his attention to anything and everything that happened.

Before, he might even have let people like Sona and such – people that he knew were good – through almost without conscious thought. The kind of action that you performed and immediately afterwards forgot about, like locking the door or leaving something on a table. No such thing had happened that day, however, he was just…

"Then why are you ignoring me?" the little sister of his devil partner asked him, eyes narrowed and he could have sworn there was the slightest pout on her face. Surely not though, not from no-nonsense Sona, right?

"Because I know what you want to talk about and I don't feel like dealing with that conversation," Joshua said with a half bored and half tired expression. Sometimes he wondered why he was the way he was. It would be much simpler if he could just deal with things in a more normal DxD way. And by that he didn't mean lewdly, but-

"You can't ignore my debt like it's not there, Joshua," Sona all but growled at him. "Furthermore, I can't ignore it, not after what you did with the Raters," she added. If he hadn't known any better, he'd have thought there was a hint of a whine in her voice. "I have to do something to repay you for these favors. Let me."

Joshua stared at her for a long moment before sighing.

"You know, when you're in someone's debt, I don't think it's nice to bother them," he pointed out, making the girl grimace. Flawless logic against DxD culture that they couldn't even argue, he loved it and he loved that it worked like a charm. Granted, something like that wouldn't work for long, since they'd still be almost compelled to repay debts, but it worked just fine to buy him some time and get rid of immediate annoyances. "Besides, I made an investment."

"Investment?" Sona asked, clearly interested in what he had to say.

"Yup," Joshua answered and he could see – and sense – how the informality of his answer grated on her nerves. "You're going to be the head of a school of devil combat-"

"Rating Ga-"

"Same thing," he interrupted her interruption with, making her eye twitch. "The point is, you're going to be helping and training powerhouses, I'm sure. Even if you don't, that's a lot of mid and high class devils that'll be in your debt, that you'll have strings attached to. If you owe me, then-"

"My power is your power," Sona finished, smart cookie that she was. "I see," she added, now thoughtful. It wasn't quite like he cared about that kind of thing, but oh well. "Same principle as what you did with House of Water," she added, grudging respect written all over her face and her half-smile. "You're a devious man, Joshua. Either that, or an irritatingly simple man that somehow wins anyway."

"It's the latter, I assure you," he told her with a grin that only widened when her annoyance grew.

[}-o-{]​

[Cheshire]

Their new sister was interesting.

Granted, they were all very different, becoming even more so as time passed. Morag had entirely too many legs and eyes, nevermind the web thing. Nagini didn't have legs. Margalo had wings and could fly. Kunou was… more like Joshua, which felt to Cheshire like a major leap even from the usual differences her sisters and her had between each other.

Then again, Kunou felt like a different kind of sister entirely, so there was that.

Friday though? She was a normal kind of sister, but she was also the most abnormal of them all. She didn't have a body for one. She was everywhere and nowhere at the same time. She saw everything but understood nothing. Even in the past, when Cheshire had been almost a normal cat, she hadn't been that… clueless, and she meant that in the kindest way. It was odd. Endearing, but odd.

"It's nice having a new sister," Kunou commented from where she sat. Joshua and Yasaka were talking about something entirely too complicated for their liking, so Cheshire and the rest of her sisters had gathered on the other end of the room.

She still kept an eye on Joshua, just in case he needed her special sense for something, but otherwise she remained focused on his daughter, her special sister. In a way though, Cheshire guessed Friday was a special sister too, in a completely different way. Not only because she was ridiculously different from them, but also because she actually had some of Joshua in her, something that not even Kunou had.

"I'm glad you're happy too," Kunou added, a wide smile on her face, when Friday did her wispy-energy body trick that Joshua had taught her and performed a little "dance". She was tiny, but then again, that wasn't really Friday. That was her sister's way of showing herself in a way that people could actually look at. Sensing wasn't any of their primary ways to perceive the world, after all, so she liked to use the wispy form in order to better interact with others.

Especially since Joshua and the "normal" sisters were the only ones that could truly interact with Friday otherwise. Sensing was all well and good, but communication was difficult for people that didn't share their connection. Not that any of them really cared, since Joshua and each other was the only thing they truly needed, but it could be annoying sometimes.

"It's nice to have another little sister too," she added and all four of them froze, even Cheshire. "What?" Kunou asked then, playing the innocent as if she didn't know what she'd said. "I meant Margalo… and Morag," she explained, making Nagini and her relax. The bird and the spider though, well they had completely different reactions, with the former squawking in outrage while the spider clicked her mandibles angrily.

It was fun to watch, having confirmed that she wasn't the target of the teasing, Cheshire decided.

Kunou wasn't necessarily wrong either, she guessed. Morag and Margalo were definitely the most childish of the bunch. Especially the latter, that was for sure. She'd been a baby not so long ago, after all. No matter how much she developed, she would always be that lonely, hopeless little bird she'd found, without a home and without a family.

"Oh, come on, I love you," Kunou grumbled, poking Margalo right back when the bird pecked her with her beak. "What does it matter if you're the little sister?" she asked hypocritically, as if she weren't absolutely appalled by the idea of being considered the youngest. Cheshire would know.

It wasn't the first time they have had this "conversation".

Then, almost like a swipe of her claws, Cheshire's attention was grabbed and pulled towards Joshua. Gone was the calm man that lives in his own head more than in the real world. Gone was the warm man that cared for his family as fiercely as anyone possibly could. In their stead, appeared a rare sight, the cold predator that stalked his way out sometimes, ready to tear apart threats.

That Joshua coming out almost definitely meant one thing and one thing only. Yasaka and him were talking about the group of idiots that insisted on making an enemy of them. Cheshire felt a growl climb inside her throat. She almost wanted to turn into her biggest form and let it out. She felt the urge to claw at something, cutting and tearing.

Through their connection, she felt Nagini picking up on things while the other three continued being distracted. Or, at least, for a few seconds they were. Friday picked up on Joshua's change of mood almost instantly. Margalo and Morag followed suit a second later, but they decided to pull their new sister's attention back to Kunou and away from the coldness and the wrath.

Joshua didn't want her to be tainted by the world just yet, so they'd do their best to keep her that way. She'd learn about that side of things in time, but for now, she was innocent, childish and warm. They wanted to protect that almost as much as Joshua did without any prompting anyway.

Turning, Cheshire stalked towards Joshua.

"Are you sure?" she heard Yasaka ask. "We're doing plenty."

"Plenty, but not enough," Joshua replied, his voice sharp as the edge of his blades. "I'll throw as many wrenches as I can into their plans," he added, taking a deep breath in as he tried to keep his most ruthless side under control, like always. "Khaos Brigade will see success over my dead body."

They already knew, Cheshire already knew, but hearing it simply reinforced an old resolution, every time. Someone had dared come for her family, for their family, and they'd make them pay. Only Nagini and herself were paying attention at that moment, but that was enough. The two of them were the strongest of the sisters, the most ready to do what they'd have to do.

Morag had it in her if she needed to, but she was an artist first and a fighter second. Margalo would support them to the best of her ability, but she was too nice. Kunou was never going to see a battlefield if they had any say in the matter. And last – but not least, of course – was Friday, who wasn't anywhere ready to face the world on her own, nevermind their enemies.

No, Cheshire and Nagini would take care of this Khaos Brigade that was intent on making an enemy of them. They saw Joshua and saw only the calm man and the warm man, but they were wrong. The predator was there and Cheshire and Nagini would follow right behind.

Both sisters hissed, through their connection and outwardly too.

[}-o-{]​

[Nagini]

Joshua didn't speak to them.

At least, not with his mouth and while they were on the hunt. Instead, he reached through their connection and "spoke" to them that way. Like at that moment, when he allowed them to jump into it and start hunting. Nagini preferred communicating like that, quite honestly. It felt closer. There was something more to the feeling of Joshua and her sisters and the reminder that they were linked in such a deep, personal way.

Her sisters charged in, determined and almost excited, and she could feel it.

None of them were even close to feeling like Nagini though, because this was what she did, this was her thing. Cheshire was just as great when it came to fights and hunts, she'd admit, but Nagini enjoyed those things. There was nothing for her quite like slithering towards prey, especially prey that had earned to be hunted and hurt, to suffer for what they did.

Nothing quite like unleashing the darkest parts of her being on those that deserved them.

Nagini slithered inside the building that Joshua had pointed them towards through a window instead of the entrances. Morag helped her get inside undetected with some webbing and tricks, her specialty. The glass gave way almost without sound and then the two of them were inside.

Some unfortunate man was in the room though and it didn't take him long to notice their entrance despite their stealth. It made no difference, however, as Nagini froze him with a glare. She reached through her eyes, formed a perverted connection, similar but at the same time entirely different from the one she shared with her family. With that in place, it was child's play to push further, to grasp the man's energies with her own and twist, turn, squeeze, stretch and tear.

Nagini had come a long way from the snake that could barely disturb energies or freeze targets.

She was more than that, and she had become that because of Joshua, her sisters and her own twisted desires. Her family's enemies would learn to fear that snake and her eyes. Either they would do so in time to try and escape her, or they would learn it once she had them.

Either was fine by her.

'There's many more,' Morag told her through their connection with Joshua, but Nagini didn't let go of her first prey. Instead, she continued to stare, and then she stared harder. She disturbed his energies as much as she could, seeing how much damage she could do without so much as touching him.

As it turned out, she could do a lot.

She sensed, through the energies, how the organs started to give, how he battled to get everything in his grasp as it had been before and failed, how his efforts only made things worse. The pull from both sides only stretched the energies, far beyond what was normal or healthy. Then she felt the force give, the energy surrendering to her as he lost his strength. Nagini didn't stop, continuing her onslaught without a care.

If anything, she was gleeful, because anyone that did what these people did to her family deserved nothing but suffering and to be destroyed.

'Sister,' Morag urged her and she nodded. There were plenty more prey and if she didn't get a move on, then Cheshire would ruin the fun that much faster. Nagini liked to open things up with a little extra though, get a good taste of things before having to rush it.

'Let's go,' she replied, following the spider through the door towards the rest of the prey. She could sense the battles going on all over the place, but at least Joshua had left things to her and her sisters. The now four winged Eager and the human cat, Tricky, were being held back together with Jeanne. Apparently, Joshua wanted to give her and her sisters a chance to show off and spend some quality time with him on the attack.

He was great like that.

Nagini knew that it was mostly for her benefit too, which made it all the better. After all, Cheshire might enjoy a good hunt, but she was fine without one too. Nagini was the only one that really looked forward to hunts and Joshua knew that. So, he could say whatever he wanted, but they all knew it was for her.

'Enjoy yourself,' she felt, almost freezing her as she grabbed the energies of yet another prey. 'Cheshire is holding back,' Joshua told her, the "voice" in her head feeling even closer than her sisters. It was warm and nice, reminding her of when she'd been a normal snake, barely aware of much of anything. It reminded her of times when she'd been small enough to wrap around him, sharing his warmth and enjoying the company.

Through their connection, Nagini poured her gratitude for the gift and her appreciation of Joshua and her sisters.

'Don't mention it,' Joshua replied as best he could, intentions and emotions instead of words like any connection message. What he wanted to say was clear all the same. That was followed by his own appreciation of Nagini and his love for her and her sisters.

Feeling almost like she was once more wrapped around him, warm and content, Nagini continued her hunt.

It wouldn't do to ignore the magnificent gift she'd been given.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He had to juggle entirely too many things.

That wasn't new, not at all. It was a thought that crossed his mind a bunch of times every single day. He had projects and duties and things he just wanted to do, and not at all enough time in his days to do all of them to the degree that he'd have liked. If he even had time to do them at all, that is.

Why did this thought cross his mind this particular time?

Well, because it wasn't rare for him to have to push a thing or two to the side in favor of others. Such was the case of Project Spring, for example. The other three projects had been used, tested already but he'd never quite gotten around testing the one that was probably the most interesting of them all, funnily enough. He wasn't too surprised that this happened, however. Joshua had taken on a bunch of other, much more pressing, more important projects.

Now though, he finally got around going for a test run of the spell project.

Khaos Brigade raids had been something that he'd tried to go through as efficiently as possible before. He didn't want to be overconfident or anything of the sort when he started. Then he'd been flooded with things to do and he didn't feel like wasting time in attacks such as those. However, now?

Now he'd closed off a bunch of projects. Even when new ones had made an appearance, Joshua had found them much less time consuming, at least for the moment. Thus, he found himself with some extra time in his hands. Time that he'd rather use with friends and family – he never did feel like he spent enough time with those latter ones, nevermind the formers –, for sure, but also time that he could spend on going through the finishing touches of smaller projects.

Such as Project Spring.

Thus, he found himself there, standing at an open area outside the Khaos Brigade base they'd raided. That his familiars had raided, to be precise. The whole thing had been wrapped up already, a little slower than usual, but that was mainly because Nagini had taken her time and her fellow familiars had indulged her.

"Thanks, girl," he said, a soft smile on his face as he scratched his snake familiar under her jaw, right at the spot that she loved. She hissed something, a pleased feeling bleeding to him through their bond. "Remind me to spoil you a little extra later, yeah?" he added, his grin widening when she hissed again. "In the meantime," he finished with, turning away and fixing his attention to the man that Nagini had frozen in place.

He didn't move, his energies hijacked by the power of his snake familiar's gaze. Not quite like Project Winter, of course. What she did wasn't stopping their energy, but she ruined their control of it and wrestled it for herself, making them unable to move. It'd been an interesting bit of energy control to study, along with Project Winter.

"Now, let's see," he mused idly, activating Project Spring and focusing all his sensing power on his test subject. Immediately, magic energy started being injected in him. The man's reserves weren't full, but it was a close enough thing. It didn't take long before they were anyway, and then the energy started piling up all the same even though there was no more space.

It was interesting to see how it worked. His primary theory was that it'd overflow, kind of like with Divine Dividing, letting the energy out before it became too much. Evidently, humans didn't have that kind of mechanism to deal with the issue, perhaps understandably. Instead though, it was like the energy started being compressed, pressurized. More magic in less space, similar to the way spells that absorbed magic into their foci worked, but different, somehow.

Joshua took note of all those differences, even if they seemed to lead to the same results. It was the kind of thing that could mean the world in spell crafting. Sometimes one needed to do the same thing in a different way in order not to disturb one of the spell's parts, after all. Or two things that were basically the same would still cause a massive change for a spell.

More differences started popping up as time passed, even in the end result.

Foci collected magic like they were… a game inventory, for example. They collected magic but they were "bigger on the inside", in a way. A wardstone could be very small, but it had a lot of space to store magic. Maybe a different analogy could be a pendrive. They all were roughly the same size but could store varying amounts of data, just like foci. All of them reacted the same way to an overload though.

If the spell collected too much energy into itself, then the spell failed, with all the randomness that spell failure could mean.

If the energy was collected too much into some outside place like a wardstone, then the container would most likely blow up, but the effect could be a little different each time depending on the container.

If the energy was collected into a person… That's what Project Spring was supposed to test.

Thus, Joshua watched.

Magic continued gathering inside the man despite his reserves being full. Like all containers, there was a little give there, despite there being a clear limit. Energy started gathering slower despite the spells' best efforts. The energy in the container became more erratic. Interestingly though, a human container seemed more flexible. It was only when it reached the 125% point that the cracks started appearing.

Metaphorically and literally.

The skin of the man started splitting, cuts appearing here and there and light flashed from within. His eyes started shining too, Joshua noted to himself, going over all the things that were happening as the container collapsed. Organs started breaking apart, same with bones and muscle and skin and so on. Blood came out of the man's mouth, nose, ears and… other places. Not all the cracks in his skin bled though, because in some of those the magic burned the blood before it could get out.

Eventually, the process started getting progressively more out of control.

It was roughly at the 140% point that the body's collapse got to the last stage and the man just… disintegrated, like a mix of his body getting blown up and a fictional vampire – maybe even a real one, Joshua didn't know for sure – burning in the sunlight.

"Hm, interesting," was all he said, turning towards some other, now very cowed, Khaos Brigade members that had been left alive. "I still need some more testing, so…"

It was going to be a productive hour or so, he could bet.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, first note after coming back from my vacation (I know for you guys I've been back for a while, but… yeah) and I'm feeling… pretty great, actually. I'm more relaxed and such and it's very much appreciated. Things were getting tense for me before I took a break.

Now I have to deal with the part that worried me, which was getting back to things. Despite what you guys likely think of me after years of constant updating, I don't have great discipline. I've always been worried that if I stopped posting, then I'd have trouble getting back to it.

I guess we'll have to see.

About the actual chapter though, well, it's a chapter alright. Not much happened, but you guys should be used to that. Just building on things with Sona – a character that doesn't get to shine much in this fic, but it's always fun to bring extras and such to the forefront from time to time –, the familiars – which really should get more screentime, but there's so much going on… – and a magic project of Joshua's that got pushed to the side both in story and in my head.

I got a few people asking about Project Spring and how it was the only one that never got to actually happen… So, here you are, guys. Hope it lives up to your expectations.

I also hope you enjoyed the chapter, as usual.

Random Question: Did you miss me, guys? Even if you didn't, please say you did. My non-existent confidence and self-esteem can't take the hit of you saying no, alright?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Maelstrom183, VividLearner744, demonmonkey89 and 200 others
Adrian King
Feb 18, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 174 - If I Didn’t Have You-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Feb 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#828
If I Didn't Have You-

"Dad?" Kunou asked one morning while he walked in, yawning and blinking blearily. It was one of those mornings. Mornings in which he was more tired than when he went to bed and he felt like he'd gone through a workout… The best kind of workout though, of course, which was why even with how he felt, he had a slight smile on his face.

"Yeah?" he replied, watching Friday prepare him a cup of tea and he didn't even need to tell her to do it, or correct her… much. The spell was, much like Margalo, a very kind… creature? He still wasn't sure if she counted as such, but it felt bad to call even his other familiars that. She was very kind, that was the gist of it. She liked to help, which was why she often topped up his magic reserves from the ward arrays' own reservoir, or she'd hand him stuff when he needed them, like pencils or notebooks.

She was adorable, like a kid trying to help her father at work.

"Why are you more tired in the mornings sometimes?" Kunou asked and he was grateful that his tea wasn't ready or he'd have spat it out mid sip, he was sure. Yasaka, sitting beside the girl, wasn't quite that lucky. Even though she did choke on her own tea, she didn't let it show. She was impressive that way at keeping appearances.

"Well… your mother kicks in her sleep sometimes," he decided to go with, thinking fast. He could have said something else, he supposed, but seeing the Youkai leader's scandalized face let him know he'd made the right choice. "So, sometimes it's a little hard to sleep well. And Serafall can be a little too clingy while asleep," he added, and by then Jeanne was snickering like a little shit.

He didn't blame her much for that though.

Joshua was doing the same, although he had the decency to do so in the privacy of his own mind.

"I do not!" Yasaka protested when she finally recovered, half glaring and half pouting, with her face turning a little red. It was always a huge victory in Joshua's books when he could get reactions like that from her. Or from Serafall or Gabriel, for that matter.

"Sure do, the proof is written all over my face, apparently," he commented with a grin. Because, what was she going to do? Give the actual answer? Yeah, he didn't think so.

Thus, he grinned wider when he saw her realize this and turn even more red.

Whether that was in embarrassment or in anger or both, Joshua wasn't sure, but what he was sure about was that he'd pay for that later. He thought it was very much worth it though, if he did say so himself. The fact that his familiars and Jeanne were all laughing at them probably only added to his future punishment and that was a little less appreciated, but oh well…

It wasn't even like he was lying. Yasaka did kick in her sleep occasionally and Serafall was clingy. It was just that neither of those things were the reason for his morning weariness.

"Mom! Dad's tired enough already!" Kunou exclaimed, adorably angry on his behalf and concerned for him. He smiled warmly, now much more awake and off to a great start of his day.

"Don't worry about it, kiddo. I happen to think it's cute," he said with a grin, ruffling the girl's hair and drawing a protesting whine from her. Tellingly though, she didn't actually try to stop him. "So, anything of note in your day?" he asked, taking the tea cup that Friday floated in front of him and sitting next to Kunou.

Resolutely, he ignored the pointed stare that Yasaka was sending his way and the giggling of Jeanne. Asia, for her part, seemed a little unsure of what to do or say. The rest of the family seemed to be having fun, which was great. An already good day would start even better, by the looks of-

He blinked when thunder reached his ears and he looked out the window to see that a storm was overhead. 'It'll rain? Nice,' he thought with a slight smile. He'd always been a fan of the rain, actually. Somehow, it always worked wonders to quiet his ever working brain. Not very good for getting stuff done, but he liked it all the same.

"Classes," Kunou mumbled, suddenly whatever good mood she had evaporated as she deflated on her chair. He rolled his eyes at her, a gesture that he'd normally share with Yasaka but… Yeah… "But maybe we can do something afterwards? Or are you busy?"

"For you? Never," he told her, but apparently that wasn't a good answer. Why? Because Kunou narrowed her eyes at him, very much showing that she was her mother's daughter. "What's the matter?"

"Are you busy or not?" she asked, suspicion coloring her voice.

"Not really. I'd have to check with Ravel, but I'm pretty sure I have nothing but spell tinkering after I'm done teaching my classes," he said, blinking and looking off to the side as he wondered if he was remembering well. Either he was worse at keeping track of his schedule than he thought or he was coming to rely on the Phenex girl more than he'd thought when she'd initially been "hired", if it could be called that.

"That's great," Kunou replied, finally showing that happy reaction he'd expected from the very beginning. "I don't… I don't want to make you miss stuff if you need to go somewhere," she added in a mumble, looking down at a pastry that she'd been eating with her breakfast. Adorable as it was that she was concerned, considering her previous history with Yasaka, he was a little concerned.

"If I have something important to do, then I'll try to reschedule, alright?" he told her with a smile. "Most things I have to do can be moved around anyway. If it can't-" he continued when she went to protest. "-then I'll make it up to you, alright?"

"Promise?"

"Promise," he answered with a smile that Kunou returned with a beaming one of her own. Then he went to continue with his breakfast… and caught the look in Yasaka's face. Apparently, he might have escaped his punishment for later… or at least lessened it.

The day just kept getting better and better.

[}-o-{]​

"Mr. Davis," Ravel insisted and Joshua had to hold back the urge to sigh.

The devil girl was great, truly going above and beyond what was expected of her role. She was also great at what she did. She was, by all means, a great employee. The problem was that she was too good, if that made any sense.

Which he was sure it didn't to anyone that wasn't him.

"Going to this event will mean a lot to you-" Ravel continued and he stopped what he was doing to look up at her and raise an eyebrow. "-and to your allies," she added, realizing her mistake. After all, he really couldn't care less for whatever this meeting or party or whatever was supposed to do for his reputation. "You won't even have to do much, Elizabeth and Agnes would take care of most of the talking. At most, you'll have to indulge a few magicians' questions and you seem to like that, right?" she continued, gaining some steam as she went on.

Joshua got the impression that he was being talked to like one would try to hype up a child to do something they really would rather not. He had to admit though, what Ravel was saying was rather appealing. Much as he'd rather stay at home and spend time with his family and such, gaining stuff for free or while having a good time was nice. It was just that "favor" or "reputation" was… rather meaningless for him, really.

He didn't much care to appeal to strangers when he could be having a good time with one of his partners or with Kunou or with his sisters or with his familiars. However, he did have plans that hinged on some things being pushed forward and for that he'd need more favor, the right kind of favor. So far, most of what he gained wasn't quite as much as he'd need or he got too much of useless "resources". Now, if he could get what he actually wanted…

"Fine, I'll go," he said, deflating where he sat and running his fingers through his hair. Despite his very unenthusiastic response, Ravel beamed at him all the same. "But," he continued and the Phenex tamped down on her excitement to hear him out. She couldn't quite contain herself though, which was odd, considering this wasn't that big a deal, from what he knew. "I have a mission for you," he added and that only seemed to please her further.

"Leave it to me," she said determinedly, even though he hadn't even told her what it was. Joshua rolled his eyes at her. "Before that though, maybe you'd like to prepare for going to House of Water? You'll have to arrive early if you want more time with Kunou, Mr. Davis," she told him, suddenly going back to checking stuff with her trusty notepad.

Joshua sighed and had Friday store all his stuff in spells. The living piece of magic really liked when he had stuff for her to do, so he tried to have her do as much as possible. Besides, it seemed to help her learning progress too, to actually be able to interact with stuff instead of just being told what things were. Besides, it wasn't like it was bad to have a hand or ten available for help.

"Right," he muttered, standing up and stretching a little. "Speaking of, you wanna stick around for that? I think I'll do an illusion show for Kunou," he commented, chancing a glance at the girl and seeing her perk up before her extra cheer disappeared together with some of her previous one. "Something the matter?"

"I don't think Kunou will appreciate me interrupting her father-daughter bonding, sir," she mumbled, fidgeting with her notepad and not looking at him. The fact that she called him "sir" instead of "Mr. Davis" was just as telling as her body language too. "But I appreciate the offer all the sa-"

"Hm, I guess inviting you without telling her would be bad," he agreed with a tilt of his head while she looked down even further. "I'll check with her and let you know what she says. Might as well invite Koneko too," he added, the last part making the Phenex's eye twitch. He wasn't sure what was up with that dislike of the reincarnated nekoshou, but oh well. He was likely to already have to deal with that attitude from Kunou towards her, might as well make it a three for three.

Maybe he could help them bond a little so that they'd stop being at each other's throats.

"A show should have an audience and that makes me think of several people. Wouldn't you agree?" he asked, knowing that she'd either give him a non-answer or what she thought was the correct answer.

"An audience can be of just one person, sir," Ravel said, just as he'd predicted.

"Sure it can. Doesn't mean I can't make it be more people," he replied with a grin on his face. "I'm gonna call Kunou now, we can discuss your mission for the House of Water event thingy afterwards," he told her then, cracking his neck.

She didn't appreciate the careless way in which he was talking about that, but the excitement for her assignment seemed to help smooth over her annoyance. That and she was still a little hung up on the Kunou thing. Silly Ravel, Kunou would enthusiastically agree to it, he was sure… after Joshua bribed her with ice cream.

Sometimes it wasn't necessary to focus on such small details though.

[}-o-{]​

"I hate that guy," Kunou declared with all the loathing that her young self could muster, pout in full force and scowl in place. It was a shame that the whole effort was ruined by how cute she was, but Joshua wasn't going to be the one to tell her that. "He's a meanie."

"He is," Koneko agreed, succinct as usual.

"He makes most Wrath devils that I know look the picture of Patience," Ravel said, looking deeply offended. Joshua wondered if that was in some part due to the fact that… Well, the character of his new illusion display was showing up her species, somewhat… Although, it was probably because he was a nightmare for someone as neat and… political as her. Even more so than someone like Joshua himself.

"Pomeranian," Koneko announced intently and both of the other girls snorted before giggling while the nekoshou's lip twitched up into a smile. Joshua himself had to hold back a stronger reaction to that coincidence.

"The main character isn't much better, to be honest," Ravel commented, somehow looking even more upset about that. "Who gets that much power handed to them and continue to be… like that. And it's almost like he's supposed to be smart but he's… not."

"You're not wrong, I guess," Joshua replied. He didn't necessarily disagree with her on that, after all. On the contrary, really.

It was a relief that he never really showed Kunou – or anyone else that might be there for his shows – stuff that was fully original. Sure, he took some creative liberties here and there, but… Well, he didn't think he could take the kind of criticism that his latest show was getting.

"Well, I think we can take a break before continuing, yeah?" he said, cracking his knuckles and wondering if he should start making some serious changes to the story already. It wasn't a bad story, even if he wasn't a great fan. That's why he'd decided he might as well share it and see how it was received. He wasn't keen on forcing Kunou through a show she didn't like just on the off chance she might change her mind though, so…

'Well, editing a little might not be enough for this…' Something to think about, he supposed. And for that he needed time. Time that he could easily buy, even if it'd take some help to make sure it went smoothly. 'Margalo, can you…?' he started asking before his bird familiar interrupted him with a chirp, flying and settling on Kunou's shoulder. 'Thanks.'

"I'm gonna make some snacks while I consider our options, yeah? You girls can play with the cards in the meantime," he told them and immediately the mood changed to something much more… competitive. Expected, but that was why he had asked Margalo for help.

She was great at keeping the peace. Her songs were just that calming, after all. Worse came to worst, she could get them under control as an extension of his authority… And failing that, she could get her fellow familiars to help her wrestle the girls into behaving.

Not that he expected it to come to that. The three girls might not be fans of each other, but they were all relatively well behaved for the most part. He expected it to be an odd day when they escalated a situation in such a fashion, especially after it was pointed out to them that they were doing it.

The heat of the moment could be strong, but they wouldn't be that blind, he was sure.

So, Joshua moved confidently to the kitchen and started working. Idly, and to give Friday something to do other than watch him and the girls, he sent her to check on his cafe. Asia was having a nice night out with friends, Jeanne included. Shy as she still was, the nun was getting better and he was pleased to see that.

Issei was working a shift once more and he was… still Issei, of course, but it still baffled Joshua whenever he took a moment to consider how different the boy was from his canon self. He was really hoping that he hadn't screwed everyone over by changing the protagonist and the story so much, but he thought the entire thing was turning out a lot better. He wondered what the boy himself would think though.

On the one hand, he'd gotten a girlfriend much faster, so there was that, but he wasn't getting his harem… so far. It might still happen, considering the whole dragon thing. Hell, it might be happening for all Joshua knew. It wasn't like he paid special attention to Kuoh beyond checking on the people he knew and that nothing was wrong.

"Dad! Tell Ravel to stop cheating!" he heard Kunou cry out, her voice muffled by the distance, the walls and such. Taking a deep breath in, he held the air in before letting it out. Of course. On a good day, Kunou wasn't a good sport. Against Koneko and Ravel? If she didn't win at least one game relatively early…

Well, case in point, he supposed.

"Kunou, stop lying," he said, using some magic to help his voice carry over without needing to shout. He could almost see his daughter pouting in the other room, but it was what it was. It helped that he couldn't literally see her, or he might have caved somehow. At least he wouldn't have taken it out on Ravel though, he knew that much.

He wasn't that much of a pushover.

With a sigh, he moved as fast as he could to prevent more troubles after that.

"Can you change the story, dad?" Kunou asked him when he got back and she was still pouting. At least she wasn't playing anymore to continue making the issue worse, he supposed. Instead, it was Ravel against Koneko when he got there. "I don't like it," Kunou said and he grimaced. But he'd come up with an idea in his time away, so it wasn't all that bad.

He was already plagiarizing original stories from his old world, right?

Why not… plagiarize fanfics too?

"Okay, same world but I'll be adding a different character to the mix and changing some things. First of all, we're following this new character instead of the old protagonist," he explained, waving his hands and making the new set up appear, much to the shared interest of the three girls.

So, he set it up, the almost empty room, dull table with two metal chairs and a boy, sitting, waiting.

A pale boy with white hair and red eyes with black sclera.

[}-o-{]​

The house was quiet already, late in the night.

Everyone had either gone home or gone to sleep or both. Joshua was the only one left, even Yasaka had said goodnight a while before then. It wasn't her night though, so she'd take the chance to sleep a little extra – her words, not his, but he was glad that she was taking care of herself – and he'd stayed back with a cup of tea and his trusty notes. Being home meant that there was literally no way for him to get bored too, so that was great, because someone was making him wait a whole lot.

Alas, at that moment, he was doing something very different. His tea had probably gotten cold already – which wasn't really a problem for him, he liked it cold too – and his notes had been forgotten for long enough that he didn't even know what they were about. He hadn't actually touched them since taking them out. It was a miracle that Yasaka hadn't noticed something was off and confronted him about it…

Although, she probably had gone off so that Kunou would go to sleep without issues. The girl had been with him the longest after his mind acted up, so she had definitely started to suspect something. Thus, if he wasn't overestimating Yasaka – unlikely – then the youkai probably planned to let someone else help him and make it easier for the two of them by taking everyone else away.

'I have to remember to thank her,' he decided, taking a sip from his already – now confirmed – cold tea.

"Sorryyyy~! I'm late!" Serafall cried out as she teleported in. Normally, one wouldn't be so loud in a house so full of people so late and with children sleeping… but the great thing about magic was that it could take care of a great deal of small little annoyances like that. "I'm so sorry~"

"It's fine," he told her with a smile. Immediately, the woman stopped and stared at him for a solid few seconds. Yeah, he was definitely that obvious, which confirmed his suspicions that Yasaka knew. "The stuffy people were more annoying than usual?"

"Yes," was the simple answer he got instead of a long, drawn out and dramatic narration of events. Serafall was all business, evidently. "Did something happen?" she asked, concerned, but not overly so. If something truly bad had happened, then she'd have been called or something else would be going on and she knew it.

"Just… thinking."

"So it's a day that ends in Y?" she asked with some humor in her voice as she moved to take the seat next to him. She was far from her usual self though, so he wasn't going to be getting off the hook just ignoring the issue, he supposed. Not that he wanted to, but… he'd have appreciated it. "Joshua?"

"The year is ending," he commented, leaning back on his chair and taking another sip from his cup. When nothing else was said, he continued, a sad smile on his face. "I was casting the show for Kunou, Koneko and Ravel and I just… reminded myself of something and it went from there."

"Do you need a hug, or a kiss, or…?" Serafall asked, her voice all softness and understanding despite her words and the smile on her face. "Anything I can do? Anything we can do?"

"I'm fine," Joshua told her, but he knew he couldn't leave it at that. "I'm sad and it… hurts, but… Well, I guess it'll always hurt. But I'm fine anyway. Does that make any sense?"

"It's weird, but yes, I do think it makes sense," Serafall told him, leaning on him and resting her head on his shoulder. "Do you want to talk about it or do you want to talk about anything else? I know I'm late, but I'm sure we can still go out and have that date."

"It's probably not that late somewhere in the world," he commented with a slight smile.

"That's the spirit," she told him and he could hear the smile on her face. The thought of it alone helped him feel better. "So…"

"A date sounds nice."

"Say no more. Do you want regular Levia-tan or do you want a special edition?" she asked him, all cheer once more as she hopped off her seat and twirled around like she was Kunou's age and not several… Better not to even think about it. "You were thinking something mean," she accused with narrowed eyes.

"I was almost thinking something mean," he clarified, which didn't really help, but oh well. Thankfully, he imagined what he wanted to say would get that attention away from him. Not that it was why he was doing it, but it was a welcome side-effect. "Would you go with me?"

Once more, Serafall stood there instead of Levia-tan.

"Of course, Joshua… We are all going, I assume?" she asked, moving to lean on the table and looking at him curiously.

"Yeah, we are," he confirmed with a slight smile. Because he couldn't think of any other way to go about it this time. And besides… "My mother would come all the way from wherever she is to have my head if I didn't introduce you all," he added with a chuckle, weak and low, but honest.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, somewhat of a calm day, huh? A bit of good fluffy fun, then some business with good fluffy fun, then regular fluffy fun and we finish off with some… sad fluff? Is that a thing? I don't think this counts as angst or anything like that, but I don't know.

What do you think?

Also, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: What's the last thing you ate? I ate some barbecued chicken breast that was left over from yesterday. My dad always prepares a lot of barbecued something on Sundays so there's less cooking to do during the week.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 187 others
Adrian King
Feb 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 175 - -To Share Moments Like This
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#845
-To Share Moments Like This

It didn't take a genius to notice that Joshua's partners were difficult to read. It came with the territory of being with important politicians, he supposed. Yasaka had always held this unmovable aura around her, like nothing could ever disturb her calm. Serafall seemed similarly collected, if in an erratic, somewhat childish way. Gabriel, for her part, was also similar – he was starting to think he might have a bit of a type –, but in the sense that she always seemed at peace with things, content.

All the same though, he was also noticing that they were getting more and more expressive around him as time passed.

Why was he thinking about that?

Because Yasaka was brooding.

Joshua would almost go as far as saying she was pouting. She'd been sitting there, a slight wrinkle between her eyebrows as she frowned and her lips barely noticeably pursed. There was also a stiffness to her that showed even more when she moved her arm to reach for the cup of tea by her side. She also took much longer than usual to go through the paperwork arranged in front of her at the kitchen island.

It wasn't a good thing for her to be like that, but Joshua would always be the smallest bit happy when he realized that his partners were more open with him. Because he couldn't fathom another setting in which Yasaka would be so open with her emotions. So, he took it as a personal compliment.

Now, if only she weren't upset. It wasn't that he didn't understand though, he did. It was probably part of the reason why he was struggling to find the words to comfort her. Not only was he not really feeling all that good himself, but he was also looking for the right words to say, which was proving to be a bit of a struggle.

'Might need to get on with it though,' he thought when Yasaka looked down and closed her eyes, her expression twisting even more.

"I'm really sorry, Joshua," the woman told him, letting go of some of the tension in her body with a sigh. Then she opened her eyes again and looked up at him. She looked miserable and, despite feeling much the same himself – if for different reasons –, he couldn't let that be.

"It's not your fault," he reassured, waving her off weakly. "I know you'd come if you could. That's enough for me," he told her, but he knew it wouldn't help. After all…

"It's not enough for me," she said, clearly upset with herself. "Everyone else is going."

"I can tell them to stay, we've talked about this. I wouldn't have invited-"

"No. I'm not selfish enough to make everyone wait for me. Especially since…" Yasaka interrupted, letting out a frustrated breath that sounded like it wanted to be a whine or a groan. "I'm just… sorry."

"You shouldn't be," he told her, softly but also firmly. "Yasaka," he called, because she was doing her best to appear as if she were looking at him but not doing so. When she finally properly met his eyes, he smiled at her. "You're probably the main reason I'm dealing as well with… this as I am. You're the one that helped me get on the path to recovering."

"... Thank you," she said, smiling softly, and he almost laughed. How was it that she was the one thanking him for saying that? He was the one that should be grateful. He was, actually, and he'd told her as much several times already. It wasn't the time to get into that discussion though. She was feeling better and that's what mattered. "It's just…"

"I know," he replied before she even finished, reaching for her hand and giving it a slight squeeze. "I know, alright? And for what it's worth, I'm really sad that you can't come too."

"That just makes me feel worse," she told him, but she was smiling a wet smile and squeezing his fingers back, so he took that as a minor victory. "Tell them I'm sorry too, alright?"

"You got it," he answered, grinning at her, even if there was still a touch of sadness to it. "Don't sit here moping all day, alright?"

"I'm not moping!" she protested weakly, glaring at him in what almost looked like a pout to him. He didn't point that out though. He had a feeling she wouldn't appreciate that. "Shut up."

"I didn't say anything," he replied, holding back a chuckle.

"You were thinking something dumb," she muttered under her breath. If there ever was a moment where she was just like Kunou, it was then. She looked so adorable he almost could forget what was going on. "I'll be waiting here, Joshua," she added then, her expression dropping once more and squeezing his hand a little extra. "I've cleared my schedule for the whole day."

"You didn't have to do that," he told her, but he knew it was no use. He could almost hear what she'd say before the words left her lips. After all, he was sure she'd-

"I did."

-say that.

"We're not going to be here for a while. You could have done something else in that time, you know?" he said, smiling fondly at her all the same. "I wouldn't have minded."

"But I would have. You think I could just have a normal day while you're there?" Yasaka asked him and the look on her face told him that he'd better not give the answer he'd been going to. Instead, he took a deep breath in and chuckled.

"You're amazing, have I ever told you that?" was what came out of his mouth in the end.

"You could stand to say it more often," she replied playfully.

"I know," was his response, grinning widely, and being incredibly thankful to her yet again. He'd started off feeling just as bad as her and now… Well, he wasn't feeling great, but he was feeling better. He wondered if he'd helped her the same way or if she'd just done that for herself. He hoped it was the former. It'd be nice if he could do that. All the same… "Next year, Yasaka," he told her then and she squeezed his hand much harder this time, her eyes widening noticeably. "I promise."

"... Thank you."

"No, thank you."

[}-o-{]​

"Do you think she'll be here again, Josh?" Jeanne asked as they walked. Interestingly, the teen was looking very awkward for some reason, as if she didn't know what to do with herself. Maybe that's why she wanted to talk about something, he supposed.

At her words though, there were a few reactions before he could answer. Cheshire shifted into a bigger form and growled. Nagini pulled back as if shocked and hissed. Morag clicked her mandibles to herself noticeably fast. Then there was Kunou and Gabriel, who seemed like they were trying to figure out what Jeanne was talking about that earned such responses.

"Aunt Sarah? Probably not," he replied and Serafall, who had been hanging onto his arm, grabbed his hand in silent support. "It's been two years now. She can get away with excuses by now, so I expect she won't ever come here again."

"Not a great loss," Jeanne commented, to which he nodded in agreement. It wasn't a cheerful thing to talk about, but there was no way to have a cheerful conversation then and there anyway, he supposed. "I almost want to pay her a visit."

"She probably would close the door on your face," he told her with a chuckle.

"I bet it'd annoy her though," Jeanne grumbled. "How much did Sairaorg do to her, by the way?"

"Not that much. I was angry at the moment but… Well, I didn't want that in my conscience. She's not worth even that much," he answered, before a smile that held no joy appeared on his face. "Although, the shit job that she has now is probably a lot worse than other things we could have done. She always loved lording her money over everyone else. I very much doubt that her friends are ever going to let her forget that."

"Sounds like she didn't have very good friends," Jeanne pointed out.

"Birds of a feather…" he commented, drawing a snort from his sister.

"What are you talking about, dad? Aunt Sarah?" Kunou asked, clearly trying to understand what was going on and failing. He didn't blame her. He probably had never mentioned the woman to her, with good reason too though. That was one relative he couldn't care less about.

"My aunt, to be specific," he said, taking a deep breath in. "We didn't get along very well. Jeanne met her, somewhat, the last time we were here. It was… something."

"That's the polite way of saying she was a bitch," Jeanne added, uncaring of her language in front of Kunou. He didn't appreciate that much, but Joshua could see that his sister's mind had gone off a tangent. She was angry. Perhaps understandably so, but it was a bad enough day already without adding anger to the mix.

"She was never very nice, no," he agreed tentatively before deciding to shift the conversation topic. "Most of my family wasn't very nice, admittedly. That's why I don't ever visit… or talk about them," he confessed with a slight, bitter smile. 'Except Phil and the twins,' he thought, holding back a grimace.

"But you're awesome!" Kunou said, as if that meant that his whole family should be "awesome" too. He chuckled a little, reaching for her and ruffling her hair. "Daaad!"

"You could say we were the white sheep in a family of black sheeps," he replied, fixing her hair a little as he looked at her. His mind wasn't quite on it though, even though he did his best. All he could think about was…

"We're here," Gabriel announced and he turned to look forward. Margalo had gotten ahead, it seemed, and she'd perched herself near their destination. The rest of his familiars – sans Friday, who was connected to and following him – separated from them a little to join her.

Slowing down, Joshua watched as Jeanne, Asia and Kunou continued walking at the same pace. The sight of them all, with Serafall on his arm and Gabriel taking the spot that Kunou had before at his other side, helped soothe the hurt inside him the smallest bit. No offense to his familiars and Jeanne, but it felt very different than how his last visit had.

He saw Gabriel step forward when they got closer, setting down the flowers she'd brought. He heard her whisper something too, but it was too low for him to understand the words. It might have been a greeting as well as it could have been a prayer or maybe even something else entirely. He didn't feel like asking her though. If she'd wanted to tell him, she'd have spoken louder, he guessed. Not that he expected she would refuse to tell him, but he could respect that wish of hers.

Serafall, by his side, gave his arm a last squeeze before letting go and shuffling forward. With a deep breath in, he followed, trying to stand straight as his father always told him to. Then he smiled his best smile, for his mother.

"Hey mom, dad," he greeted, stepping in between the gathering of his new family and sitting in front of the graves. "It's been a bit, huh?" he added, looking at the engraved words like they were his parent's faces. "A lot has happened, as you can probably tell," he told them, chuckling weakly and glancing to look at everyone around and then back at the graves. He felt strength that he didn't have at that moment course through him anyway at the sight of their faces, supportive, empathetic. "I have some people I want to introduce you to."

He could almost picture his father blinking at him, glancing between him and the absolutely gorgeous women that he'd brought with him this time. Joshua wondered if the man would have commented something in regards to that or if he'd just congratulate him or both. Then there was his mother, who would have probably been giggling without control, or squealing, or talking a mile a minute… or all of the above, somehow.

"First of all," he said and somehow joy overpowered sadness for a moment. His lips pulled up into a smile as he extended his arm to wave one of them closer. "This is Kunou," he introduced, beaming at his parents as the girl stood beside him. "She's my daughter."

"It's nice to meet you both," the girl said, her voice soft and her expression serene… But Joshua wasn't fooled. She was tense, uneasy and not because of where they were and why. At least, for the reasons one might expect.

"Do you want to sit here or on my lap?" he asked her, smile still in place as he patted the ground beside him. She didn't move though, her body stiffening even further. "Kunou, they'd love you," he reassured softly, reaching to take her hand and help her sit down. "I can see it. Mom would pull you into a hug and never let go if it wasn't to spoil you. And dad… Dad would be more discreet, but you'd have him wrapped around your little finger even more than mom in no time."

"Like you then?" she mumbled, a shy smile pulling at her lips.

"Isn't she nice?" he asked sarcastically, turning towards the gravestones. Suddenly though, he wasn't feeling quite so somber, so cold. It hurt, a small part inside him ached with the hole the loss of his parents had left in him, but… Somehow, he felt things were alright despite that. "I can let her talk your ears off later though-"

"Hey!"

"-, but for now, how about I introduce you to a few more people," he continued, closing his eyes and communicating with Friday what was happening, what the gravestones symbolized and what it meant for him. It didn't take more than a second or two, but it felt like an entire conversation all the same.

And then, strangely, the spell went silent. She was there and she was looking, but she didn't seem to communicate much for some reason. He wondered about that, for a moment, before deciding that maybe it was better to leave her to it. If anything was wrong, he'd be right there and so would his other familiars.

"There's Asia, the kindest girl in the world," he said, ignoring Kunou's "what about me?" and looking at the blushing nun. "Hope you didn't want just the one daughter, because I kind of adopted her as a sister too," he commented, but he knew they'd love her. It was impossible not to love Asia, after all.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Davis, Mrs. Davis," the girl mumbled, her hands clasped together and she looked like she'd start praying any second. "Your son is a gift from the Lord, you should know that," she added and Joshua's expression softened, imagining his parents agreeing with her.

"It was like God himself had given you to us, to solve everything and make our lives brighter," he remembered his mother saying once more. He pushed that to the side though. It brought thoughts to his mind that weren't at all necessary at that moment.

"And then… it might be… unconventional, but these are Serafall and Gabriel," he said then, feeling as awkward as he imagined he'd be if his parents were alive for him to talk to. "They are… I guess my girlfriends would be the simplest way to say it. Doesn't feel right though. And there's Yasaka too, but she can't come, because… Well, she can't come. She wishes she could though and she told me to tell you-"

"Josh," Serafall told him, stepping behind him and placing a hand on his shoulder. She squeezed the smallest bit and he felt his muscles relax. "You're rambling."

"I… Yeah…" he mumbled, taking a deep breath in and smiling nervously. "I'm dating all three of them. Somehow, I managed to pull that off, believe it or not. Don't ask me how," he said half-joking. He could almost hear the two women behind him rolling their eyes, but he kept going.

Idly, he wondered if DxD logic would extend to the DxD version of his parents. It was a very odd thought to entertain. Everything he'd checked in regards to his alternate life had been exactly the same as he remembered up to the accident. But then again, would that kind of thing have appeared in his information gathering efforts?

"They… They make my life so much better, you should know," he continued, smiling at the pieces of rock laid before him. "I've been doing great in general and… Yeah, things are going well."

Idly, for a moment, he thought about how things might be going for his real parents. What had changed in those years? Were things different from how they'd been the last time he visited? He had no way of knowing, but he couldn't help pondering that all the same. Maybe one day, he'd be able to tinker something about that.

It sounded like something incomprehensibly hard to do, even when compared to the things he'd already done, but maybe…

It was useless to dwell on that, he decided, at least at that moment.

"And yes, mom, before you ask," he said, pretending once more that he was talking to his parents. "I did let them know. Followed dad's example to the letter, just like you said," he added with a wide smile. That was when he heard the rustling of clothes and then saw Gabriel sit primly beside him.

"If you'd let us in on this, Joshua?" she half-asked and half-urged.

"Someone is going to love you and they'll change your life," he said, paraphrasing a little to get the point across better as he looked at his mother's gravestone. "You're not the best with words or gestures, but let them know. Maybe you can do as your father did. He gave me iris flowers, red ones."

"So, that's where that came from, huh?" Serafall whispered behind him, still with her hand on his shoulder, squeezing a little. "Thank you."

"Not sure what you're thanking me for. I feel like I should thank you," Joshua commented, not looking away from his parents.

"No, it's definitely us that should be thanking you," Gabriel disagreed.

[}-o-{]​

Eventually, much like it had happened the previous year, he'd more or less been done talking. He had also needed a moment to get his shit together, so there was that. Thus, he'd stood up and walked away to gather his thoughts and get rid of the knot in his throat.

His familiars had accompanied him, together with Kunou. Jeanne, Asia, Gabriel and Serafall had stayed there though and he could see and hear them talking, much like he had before. He didn't try to eavesdrop though, but he was tempted, he'd admit.

Instead, he focused his hearing on Margalo and the soft tune she was trilling. It wasn't quite what he'd call sad or somber, but it was something close. It felt to him similarly to the rain that had hit them not so long before, or the sound of wind through leaves, or the coolness of an air conditioned room in the summer, or a nice cup of tea in the winter. It was soothing, for lack of better words, peaceful, and it allowed him to focus his mind in something other than memories of a life that was no more and what-ifs.

"Are you feeling better, dad?" Kunou – sweet, wonderful Kunou – asked him, looking up at him with her bright eyes. He could only smile down at her, not quite feeling great, but nevertheless comforted by the concern alone.

"I'm fine," he told her, pushing a lock of blond hair off her face gingerly. "You don't need to worry about me. I just needed a moment," he reassured her, leaning down to kiss her forehead.

"Hm, I'm glad," she mumbled, looking down. She shuffled on her feet and seemed to try and glance at him, failing to manage every time. She wanted to ask something and she was hesitating. He knew her too well not to pick up on it. "Do you mind if I…?" she started, trailing off as she glanced towards the graves. "I want to tell them… something."

"Go for it. I'll survive a few minutes with just this lot," he told her, smiling a little wider as he looked around at his familiars. Idly, he noticed that Friday was fussing, trying to find a way to make him feel better, so he sent some reassuring thoughts her way too. The rest of his familiars though, didn't appreciate being talked about like that.

"I'll be right back then," Kunou said quickly, pulling away and running off, as if trying to be quicker so she could get back to him as fast as possible. It was adorable.

Looking at her, he chuckled weakly to himself before turning and reaching to scratch Nagini under her jaw. That seemed to calm down the snake a little, at least. Morag, for her part, took the opening she was offered and jumped on his chest, but she didn't stay still for long. Instead, she started crawling around him, poking his body as if she were trying to find something.

"You don't have anything to tell them?" he asked none of them in particular. Through the bond though, the most vocal was Cheshire, who had simply sat, in her biggest form for some reason, in front of him and stared straight at him. All of them told him that they were there for him and everything else came second. It was… very moving, truly. Especially to him, who had had no one until he had them. Now, he had so much more, but if all else failed, he knew he could count on this group of four- five, he corrected, smiling as Friday did the magic equivalent of poking him and pouting. "You are all the best," he commented, and both Cheshire and Nagini huffed, as if telling him that was obvious.

He guessed they weren't wrong.

Their sort of one-sided conversation was interrupted when Cheshire turned sharply and she was flooded with fondness directed at Kunou. Evidently, his daughter had done something adorable and deserving of ice cream, he supposed. It'd be a terrible sacrifice to accompany her to get that, but Joshua had a feeling that he'd manage.

He resolutely ignored the way his familiars – with the exception of Friday – rolled their eyes at him.

'You're my new favorite, Friday,' he thought to the living spell, smiling a little at the way she seemed to do the magic presence equivalent of a happy wiggle. She could be oddly expressive even though she didn't even have a body. She was also getting even more so as time passed. Pondering that, he did his best to ignore the way his familiars were glaring at him.

"Something to share with the rest of us?" Gabriel asked and he turned to see that all five of the people that had accompanied him there were apparently done. The angel in question seemed a little happy for some reason, but he'd save the questions for later. "We said what we needed to," she added, smiling a little wider at him, which caused him to smile right back at her.

"Okay," he replied simply, glancing past them all towards the gravestones. "Do you guys mind if I-?"

"Go ahead," Serafall interrupted, moving beside him and giving him the nudge he needed.

In a moment, he was already standing right there, reading his parent's names as if the engravings were their faces. He didn't say anything for a long few seconds though, instead just… thinking. He mused, like he did every so often, about what life could have been like if he were different before, or if the accident hadn't happened.

Like it happened often those days though, he felt conflicted. Because he'd give almost anything to have his parents back, but… He also wouldn't give up the family that he'd formed for himself in that world ever since waking up in that hotel. It was a difficult thought to have, really.

However, then and there…

"I miss you a lot," he said, crouching and reaching to caress the top of the gravestones. "I hope you're happy, wherever you are right now," he mumbled, taking a deep breath in and smiling. "Because I'm happy over here too, even if I wish you were here to share all this with me," he added, taking his hand back and pushing himself to a standing position again. "See you next year. I love you both."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

A bit of a sad chapter, even a bit of an angsty one, I guess, for some people. Personally, I don't see it that way, but I could be wrong. For this reason, I can almost see some people complaining about the chapter. I think there was – very recently – a comment in FFN about how they couldn't stand the angst over the parents and such.

I don't agree, and I believe there'll be people that are of the same opinion as much. However, I'm sure there'll be more than just one person with this reviewer's opinion. Alas, at this point you know I'll just write whatever I – and the Muse, of course – feel like writing.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you visit the cemetery often? I don't. I don't like doing it, I really don't. But I do take time to myself often to mourn the death of my grandfather still. He was a second father for me growing up and, even almost two decades afterwards, I miss him a lot.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VividLearner744, demonmonkey89, kenlon and 179 others
Adrian King
Mar 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 176 - For Once in My Life
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#857
For Once in My Life

Joshua found himself staring at Yasaka.

That, by itself, wasn't what he'd call new, really. He stared at her a lot, whether because she was beautiful, impressive or something along those lines. The youkai leader was someone that drew attention effortlessly, much like his other partners. This time though, it was for a different reason that he couldn't keep his eyes off of her.

It was because she was being adorable.

It wasn't unheard of for that to happen, admittedly, but it did happen a lot less often. That was why it hit so hard when it did though, Joshua guessed. Although, on the other side of things, it happened more often as she became more comfortable and open around him. The same as it did with all his partners.

In this particular instance though, there was a little extra effect to things.

Why?

Because Yasaka was fidgeting with a flower in her hands, a brown iris to be exact, and humming happily. Beyond how extra cute she looked like that, smiling an unreserved smile, Joshua was left wondering something. Because that was a very specific flower to just be admiring. And while he'd told her – as he'd told Serafall and Gabriel – about the significance of it, he thought it was a little odd that she'd picked up one just because of that.

On the other hand, he had an idea in his mind that sounded kind of crazy.

And yet…

"That's not the one I gave you, right?" he asked, unable to keep his curiosity in check even if it made him sound dumb. Or was it arrogant? Self-important? Wait, wasn't that the same thing? The point stood though.

"It is," Yasaka answered, much to his disbelief, beaming at him like she hardly ever had to his knowledge. "Why so surprised? I thought it was a very nice gesture, especially because I could tell it meant something for you. It's an even greater gesture now that I know it means something and what that something is," she told him, turning to gaze at the flower once more. "You also gave me this on our first date and that's… a lot."

A first date that had been quite a while before.

Had she kept the flower in perfect condition with Senjutsu all that time?

Although, that was the part that really got his attention.

There was something much more concerning about what she said.

"Contrary to what someone might believe seeing the state of my love life now… I don't date just anyone," Joshua told her, feeling very awkward and like he needed to justify himself. He didn't want her to think he'd give one of those to just anyone, which he was now realizing might be an assumption someone could make, considering he'd done the same thing with Serafall and Gabriel. On the first date to boot, as she'd said herself. "I just… I guess I go into a relationship expecting it to last, to go well, to… lead to what the flower means to me. The iris does mean new beginnings, faith and hope. So, what I'm trying to say is-"

"Joshua," Yasaka told him and he stopped himself from rambling even more, giving her a sheepish look. "I love you," she said meaningfully.

"I love you too," was his simple response, the words coming out almost like a whisper. He hated that it sounded so weak coming from him, but she'd caught him off guard somewhat. He was already awkward on good days, but she'd managed to find a moment in which he was extra awkward to throw that at him so strongly.

And there was also the fact that he was still… kind of off from the time of the year it was.

"You haven't managed to awkwardly stumble your way into a disaster yet, Joshua," Yasaka told him, apparently reading his cringing inner self all over his face or something. Maybe all over his life energy? His control over that might have slipped a little and he was already not that good at it. "We love you as you are, awkwardness and all. I know it won't help or fix things, but you should know we really don't mind."

She was right. It wouldn't help or fix it. He wouldn't suddenly stop feeling awkward just because she – or they, whatever – told him that it was fine and he couldn't mess up. Hell, at times words like that would just put pressure on him. He'd be left worrying that he might somehow reach new levels of awkwardness that'd be too much or that he was messing everything up by doubting them or some other thing in the same vein. Such was his fate, he supposed.

However, he did appreciate the words for the spirit in which they were delivered. It might have helped that Yasaka was wrapping him up in the warm sensation of her life energy. Whichever of the two – or maybe it was both? – was the case, Joshua still smiled at her the best smile he could at that moment. It wasn't much, but she seemed to appreciate it all the same.

"Thank you," he mumbled, looking down and pretending like his attention was back on his notes and his spells. If the giggle that reached his ears was any indication, he wasn't successful at all. He hadn't expected differently though, really.

The giggles in the back of his mind were a lot less appreciated.

'You've been awfully quiet as of late,' he thought to himself, his expression changing as he sighed and sat straighter. At least this was something that he could deal with and not feel exceedingly out of his depth. Although, that was its own shape of humor, he supposed.

What did it say about him that he was more comfortable dealing with a pantheon of deities than he was with the people he loved?

Love and love-adjacent deities seemed to be finding his current situation very entertaining though, by the feel of things. Joshua did notice though – and appreciate – the fact that there were other presences communicating with him. The deities of death and the departed, he noticed, even without the somber feel of them. All of them were at least mindful enough to send their regards and their well wishes.

'At least some of you are polite,' he commented, receiving more than a few annoyed feelings. 'Nephthys, if you could be a dear once more… thanks,' he thought, grabbing the beer the goddess offered. He wasn't nearly drunk enough to deal with them now.

"Anything I should know?" Yasaka asked her but he just shook his head. "The usual then," she added, drawing a snort from him. "They really should mind their own business."

Then he settled and patted Cheshire – who had just jumped on the seat beside his – along with communicating a bit with Friday to help her understand. She hadn't had much time to get used to the gods and goddesses of Egypt yet, considering how little they had involved themselves in his life. However, she definitely needed to learn about that.

Especially with how fascinated some of the aforementioned deities were with her.

[}-o-{]​

"Everything alright, Professor Davis?" one of his students asked as he stood, leaning on his desk in the classroom. "You seem… off."

"Thanks for the concern, Marissa, but I'm fine. I've just been in a mood these days, is all," he answered with, giving the woman a slight smile that she shyly returned. Then he took a deep breath in and prepared himself to continue with the class. He'd allowed himself to delve in his melancholy a little too much while waiting for everyone to take notes, evidently.

"Not magical exhaustion again?" another student asked before he could say anything, however, and Joshua pretended not to notice the slight mocking tone in the words. In fairness, he had shown up magically exhausted much more than other teachers… who never did.

"Not this time, no," he replied calmly, wishing his better students weren't so quick to glare and project general hostility at anyone that mocked him or otherwise insulted him. He was pretty sure that was the reason why half his worst students were the way they were. The other half were probably that contrarian or stupid. "Now… Where were we?" he asked, turning to his own illusion boards and considering where to pick up the lesson.

Although, as he did, he felt the need to liven things up a little. Giving regular lectures was all well and good, but maybe doing something more dynamic would maybe help him not be so… off, as Marissa had put it. 'Yes, that sounds like as good an idea as any to me,' he decided, tilting his head and then spinning around to face the class once more.

"Change of plans," he announced, and either there was a shift in him or the class was just really interested in this change, because they all perked up immediately. "Stars aside, how many of you have learned a Hex that I didn't teach you and that wasn't a project for this class?" he asked and he saw many of his students freeze. On top of that, he saw the Stars deflated, but… Well, they were overqualified for most of the ideas he often had for class.

Honestly, he had half a mind to ask Agnes to set them up in a separate class entirely. Would that make them pseudo-apprentices? He was sure they'd like that idea. Maybe a little too much, but oh well. He was beyond caring for what other people perceived as debts towards him. If they wanted to repay him at some point, so be it. He'd just try and not let them worry too much about it, he supposed.

Back to his idea though, there were a disappointingly – but not surprisingly – low amount of hands being raised as an answer. To that, he held back a sigh. He did guess that'd be the case, but did they really have to be like his highschool self and perform the bare minimum that a class required? The magical world rewarded overachievers, he specifically rewarded those too, even those that weren't Stars.

They didn't even have the excuse of being average, considering they had to be solid magicians to get the chance to be in his class at all. Either that or have some serious pull or spent a good amount of money and/or favor, but if you were going to go that far to get there, why not at least put some effort in, right? Or was he missing something logical or "logical" once again?

"Too few, it seems, but oh well," he commented, shrugging and taking note of the students that had raised their hands. "We're going to hold a competition between you, guys. The one that casts the non-curriculum hex that impresses me the most will get to ask me for an appropriately good favor. Ravel will take care of it. If you don't mind, Ravel?" he explained, turning towards his secretary at the last part.

"Not at all, Mr. Davis," the devil answered immediately, without hesitation. She was great like that. He decided to do something nice for her. She'd been extra helpful those days, and that was saying something considering how much she did on a normal day. "Leave it to me," she added, looking up from her notepad and at his students.

Several of them shuddered – even those that wouldn't participate – and Joshua didn't blame them. He'd leave it in her hands because Ravel would deal appropriately with them, and she would also deal appropriately with anyone that tried to be too smart for their own good. If someone was stupid about cashing in his favor, she'd be the one to put them in their place.

At that point, Joshua wouldn't even feel bad for whatever happened to them.

He wasn't the smartest when it came to those kinds of things, but even he knew not to throw a blank favor at anyone, especially these people. Magicians were some of the most absolutely ravenous people in the world. They did whatever they could to climb up the ladder. It was why so many of them were kind of assholes, he supposed.

Not like he didn't understand why though.

Humans were the lowest of the low when it came to the supernatural, and magicians were lower than most Sacred Gear holders and magical artifact users. Mostly because those tended to learn magic too, so that immediately put them above most regular magicians. They were also more interesting too, which meant that they got more opportunities to shine too.

"Now, who wants to go first?" he asked, focusing back in the class and he almost laughed when everyone remained firmly where they were, unmoving, silent.

Because of course they did.

[}-o-{]​

"Dad?"

"Yeah?" he asked absently, almost groaning as he realized that he needed to change one of the parts he'd written. He didn't scratch it nor erase it though. Instead, he just wrote it all, the right way this time, on another page. After all, he never knew when he might need to backtrack to a piece that he thought was wrong only to not have the previous information.

"Why is Rias pouting?" Kunou asked and he almost rolled his eyes.

"Because she wanted me to train them personally," he answered, just as plainly as he had before. Exasperated as he was, it wasn't bad enough for him to take it out on the devil heiress. She was just… a little conceited, he supposed. She wasn't bad.

"Weren't you training with them until a bit ago?" Kunou asked next and he nodded with an "I don't know either" expression on his face. "So, she's just dumb then."

"Kunou, that's not nice," Joshua told her, even if he didn't think she was wrong. What did Rias expect? That he'd spent all the time with her and her peerage? He got along with them, sure, especially Koneko and a little less with Kiba. But Rias herself? They hadn't interacted that much, especially after the Phenex situation was solved. And Akeno? She had gotten a little better with her glares since it came out that his relationship with Grigori had been shot, but she still had her hang ups, like Raynare.

"I'm not wrong though, am I?"

"Even if you're not wrong, that's no reason not to be polite, especially to friends," he said, turning to look at her to make sure she was listening. Which she was, fortunately.

"You call people dumb all the time," Kunou pointed out and he had to concede her point. However, there was a key difference that might help him win this argument. He had a feeling Yasaka wouldn't like it if he lost it, so he hoped it'd work.

"Yes, but that's when them being dumb is bad for someone," he explained, poking her nose. "Everyone does dumb stuff all the time. I do, you do and Rias does. It's when that dumb stuff is bad for someone that you need to point it out. Preferably without being mean, but some people do deserve a verbal smack once in a while," he said and Kunou listened attentively, giggling at the end.

Was it good to teach her that? Not really, but he tried not to tell her to do stuff that he didn't practice himself. Do as I say and not as I do wasn't something he liked participating. He'd always hated it as a kid. Sure, he knew why it went that way now that he'd grown and matured some, and he did fall for the safety of that net sometimes. For the most part though, he tried not to, even though he was only human.

"I'll keep that in mind," Kunou replied, an adorable smile on her face. "Say… do you think I can convince Raynare to make a flame show?" she added then, her brain apparently having enough of that conversation and jumping onto something more fun. "If I keep looking at Rias's pouting, then I'll have to tell her that she's silly."

And wasn't it kind of ironic, that Kunou, who used pouting to get her way a whole lot those days, said that?

All the same though…

"I think you can manage that," Joshua told her and she beamed at him before leaving. Raynare listened to Kunou like she was Joshua himself, after all. Well, with anything that wasn't too dubious. He could only be grateful that she wasn't that unreasonable with her devotion. He could easily imagine her being so and that'd have been a nightmare to manage.

"Joshua?" a voice said and someone had clearly been waiting for him to be alone, he guessed. It made sense though, he supposed, considering…

"Asia," he replied with a smile, setting his notebook down in the end and turning to check on the web Morag had been working on. She was making a "drawing" of… It didn't look like much to him, but considering how intently Friday was looking at the strange, incomprehensible design, Joshua could take a guess. "Did you need something?" he asked, turning towards the nun and smiling invitingly at her. That always helped her voice things that she'd otherwise hesitate to.

He had a feeling she'd be a work in progress for a while.

"I just… Some friends wanted to have a sleepover, but we didn't have anywhere to go. So, I thought…" Asia started, her voice growing more and more unsure with every word. He knew where she was going, but he thought it might be a good moment to try and get her to speak up for herself. If he saw her struggling too much, he'd help her though. "I thought… maybe we could come… here?" she finished asking and Joshua found himself exceedingly proud of her.

"Well, not here, considering we're in Kyoto," he commented with an amused smile that he quickly got rid of when he noticed Asia's face falling. Right, get on with it. "But you can use our place at Kuoh, yeah. Just gotta make sure it's all fine and in place for visitors. Leave that to me… and maybe Jeanne. She loves using the place for her own friends, so she'll help me make sure she didn't finish something from our supplies there."

"I can help," Asia offered instantly and expectedly.

"Nope. You almost never ask for stuff. Let us do this for you," he reassured her, giving her a wide smile. "Gotta make sure you feel like you can do it, after all."

"One thing has nothing to do with the other though," she pointed out, recovering some of her scarce confidence and smiling shyly at him.

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about."

"... Thanks, Joshua."

"Don't mention it."

[}-o-{]​

"I almost want to tell you to stay," Serafall commented, adjusting his tie and making him raise an eyebrow at her. "What? You look great in a suit. You look great in general, but you look extra dashing in formal clothes, I gotta say. No wonder devils are falling over themselves to get autographs from Domino Mask," she commented and he had a hard time telling if she was joking or not.

"Are you sure you're ready?" Gabriel asked from where she was. She seemed – much like Yasaka and Serafall – confused as to why he was doing what he was doing. He'd had to plant some information here and there to connect what little intelligence he'd gotten, and he'd still barely managed to convince them that it was a good idea at all.

He guessed that was the price for using metaknowledge.

"Ready as I'll ever be, and I have a feeling that waiting will just make things harder," he said and Cheshire backed him up instantly. He could never be grateful enough that his feline familiar had developed in the way she had, with that sixth sense that helped her know more than she should reasonably do. At that moment though, it was for a whole different reason that he appreciated it.

Because if he said he had a feeling, it was dubious, but if Cheshire had a feeling? Then everyone listened.

Even his cautious girlfriends.

"You know we can help, right?"

"It's better if you don't though, right? As I understand it, at least," Joshua answered Yasaka with.

"Mr. Davis's political power will never be properly consolidated if he always relies on you three, I'm sorry," Ravel spoke up, if hesitantly. He gave her an encouraging smile and she returned it nervously before continuing. "He's strong and so are you, but there'll always be people that won't respect him politically if he's always hiding behind you."

"Damn, I did too good a job putting you in charge of his stuff," Serafall grumbled, biting her thumb. "You'll let us do our magic if things go South though, right?"

"Of course," he replied instantly, drawing a pout from Ravel. The Phenex clearly thought it was insulting that failure was even taken into consideration. "I don't care enough about politics to risk this. I just think it might be useful to have a little more pull… or for Ravel to have more pull. Never know when I might need it."

"Mr. Davis, none of this power is mine," the young devil protested.

"Could have fooled me," he replied with a half-smile and no hesitation. "Just remember to use it for good, yeah?" he asked, patting her head and drawing a half-groan, half-whine from the girl.

"Mr. Davis!"

"Stop teasing the poor girl, Joshua," Gabriel told him, highly amused by their exchange, it seemed. If anything, however, the fact that an angel was speaking up in her favor seemed to conflict Ravel a great deal. To her credit though, she didn't make a big deal of it. "I think you're both ready," she added, moving to fix a stray hair from Ravel's head and then smiling at him.

"Are you doing that on purpose?" he asked her, glancing between the angel and the young devil. "Because if you are, it's working."

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about," Gabriel told him, smile firmly in place.

Yeah, she was definitely teasing Ravel.

"But yeah, I think we're ready," he said, taking a deep breath in and then letting it out slowly. As he did, he called a few screens up and then set up his Title as Great Column. Immediately, the Egyptian Pantheon's presence made itself evident on him and he was no longer a magician, if a great one. He was now a Pharaoh, and that changed everything, as far as the supernatural was concerned. "Let's go, Ravel."

"Yes, sir," the girl replied, standing straight and stiffly. He was a little amused, but also a little annoyed. He barely managed to make her relax on a good day; he didn't need her in extra-serious mode. He knew what they were doing was important and all that, but still. He'd have liked not to regress what little progress he'd made.

"Relaaax~" Serafall said, skipping her way to Ravel and patting her cheek. "Josh will be the scary one from the two of you for once. The only thing you have to worry about is making sure everything goes to plan and he doesn't forget anything, alright? Keep an eye on him for us. Just be your usual self and Joshua won't have to worry about you and will be able to focus on what he has to do," the Satan explained and Joshua could have kissed her then and there.

Alas, they needed to get going and they wouldn't if he did that how he wanted. The look Serafall shared with him promised it'd happen afterwards though, and he was already looking forward to that. For the moment…

"Let's go," he said, moving to stand on the teleportation circle with Ravel right behind him. Without any fanfare, the two of them vanished and appeared somewhere else. Taking a deep breath in, he started walking towards the mansion in the distance. He could have appeared closer, but it was a matter of common courtesy not to teleport too close to someone's property in the supernatural world unless you specifically got offered to do so, even if you were an invited guest.

"Mr. Davis," a servant greeted them at the entrance, bowing deeply, respectfully. It seemed negotiations wouldn't be nearly as difficult as he thought. Or maybe he was being too optimistic. Time would tell, but he could hope. "Queen Carmilla is waiting for you."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Some fluff, some teaching, more fluff and… Well, I guess plot advancement had to happen at some point, right?

I've been dropping things regarding the vampires since… feels like it's been forever since I started, to be honest. However, as I've kind of stated in this chapter, Joshua couldn't really make a move without seeming suspicious as fuck, since I'm pretty sure non-metaknowledge possessing people don't really know what the deal is over there. I could be wrong though, and then all this mess and delay was for nothing…

God, I know that's not the case.

Anyway, yeah, there's also the fact that Joshua seems incapable of not having fifty things to do at any given time, so the vampires always kind of got pushed back for one thing or the other. Their time has come though, and it's… Gonna be something. Good something? Bad something? I don't know, but it's gonna be something, that's for sure.

With all that said, I hope you all enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How do you think this is gonna go with the vampires?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, kenlon, Panicbox13 and 187 others
Adrian King
Mar 11, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 177 - Would You Be Scared?
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#866
Would You Be Scared?

[Carmilla Karnstein]

She found herself doing her absolute best to keep her hands – which rested on her lap as was proper – from shaking. Her back hurt from trying to keep her posture from breaking. Her breathing was slow and deliberate as she tried to keep from panicking.

'This meeting hasn't even started and it's already not what we were expecting,' she thought, and she didn't know if she wanted to curse, scream or cry. There was one thing Carmilla knew she couldn't do though and that was avoid this. Not only would it be a grave breach of etiquette that she'd never allow herself to go through, but it also wouldn't help the situation any.

Where was all this coming from?

Joshua Davis.

A magician, if admittedly an extraordinary one, but that was all he was supposed to be.

Carmilla had asked her people to pull all the information they could about the man when they got a rather strong petition for a meeting. For a definition of the word petition, that is, because almost all their contacts with the outside world had said the same thing. They had to meet the man or things would get very, very ugly for everyone involved, especially for her faction and her.

So, when that happened, Carmilla had pulled strings of her own. Granted, much of her influence was gone those days, but she was still one of the strongest vampires in the world, arguments could be made about her being the strongest. If only the Tepes… That wasn't the point. If she wanted something, she got it… Except this one time, apparently, because the information she'd gotten had evidently fallen short.

All her sources had the same thing to say about Joshua Davis and that was that he was a magician, first and foremost. Admittedly a very skilled one, maybe even the most skilled in his field, but a magician all the same. His list of accomplishments was nothing to scoff at and his skills were commendable… but he was supposed to be a magician.

So, why was it that a faction leader was walking towards her?

'He was supposed to have the backing of the Egyptians, not be their champion! How did we not know about this?!' she exclaimed internally, while keeping her expression firmly under control. Carmilla had felt him appear immediately and his presence had bombarded them without stopping ever since. It wasn't even the sensation of just any faction leader. He was no High Deity the likes of Zeus, Odin or Indra, but he was also firmly above the lesser leaders like magician association directors and normal species leaders such as herself.

She'd thought she wasn't underestimating him like she'd heard many had done before, but she'd evidently been wrong. He wasn't just a shooting star the likes of which the supernatural hadn't seen in quite some time. No, he was far more than that. He was a monster, she decided, her mind adjusting to this new development as best it could.

Nobody got from where Davis had supposedly started to where he was in that short a time being anything short of a freak of nature.

Now though, she also had to decipher how she was going to navigate this meeting. Because suddenly this was no longer a matter of interacting with someone slightly below her or even an equal, as she'd been prepared to before. She was the one on the backfoot here and that was without even considering the fact that he might know about her rather precarious current situation. If he did know then…

Worrisome, very worrisome.

"Welcome, Lord Davis," she greeted, showing none of her inner turmoil as she regarded the man that walked in. Immaculate and strong, that's the first impression she got as she saw him. Then, Carmilla quickly added dangerous to that list when those icy blue eyes regarded her, almost apathetically. Not an unknown tactic in political meetings, to reveal nothing, but it was the fact that he did reveal something that got to her.

The annoyance that flickered behind those sharp, ice shard-like, eyes frightened her more than she'd like to admit.

"Lady Karnstein," he returned the greeting with a nod and she almost flinched.

Not Queen Carmilla, but Lady Karnstein.

He knew.

Was that his way of showing his displeasure? Was that the annoyance she'd seen bleeding through? If so, what had she done to the man? Was this meeting to be something even more worrisome than she'd even realized moments before?

How bad were things going to get?

She was very afraid, considering the rate at which the day was progressing so far.

"I hope you don't mind that I brought company," the man commented calmly, turning and gesturing towards the girl beside him. She looked young, but Carmilla could recognize a devil when she saw one. Although, she could be anyone as far as she was concerned. "Ravel Phenex, my secretary."

"It's not a problem at all, Lord Davis. I'm happy to be your host, to both of you," she replied, because what was she supposed to say other than that? That the girl wasn't welcome? She could imagine how that'd fly with someone this powerful that seemed to already be cross with her and that had pulled a great deal of strings just to talk to her.

Carmilla might be immortal, but she wasn't in the habit of testing just how immortal.

"Please, do take a seat. May I offer you something to drink, something to eat?" she asked, giving the man across from her an inviting look as she gestured towards the sofa in front of her. With no hesitation, Davis moved to take her up on her offer, sitting, leaning back and crossing his legs. He was relaxed, in control.

He knew he was the one with the power in the room.

Carmilla almost wanted to gnash her teeth together.

As if she didn't get enough of that as it was.

"Tea would be alright. Ravel?" the man easily agreed, a polite smile much like her own appearing on his face. Carmilla couldn't tell if it was faked or not and her sensing capabilities were giving her next to nothing to work with.

"The same, please," the devil answered, but it was obvious that she was just as Davis said, his secretary. She didn't seem to have an ounce of power in that relationship. Nothing new, considering the information Carmilla had on Davis' relationship with House Phenex and there'd even been a thing or two about this supposed secretary. Looking at the man now, she could read between a few more lines than she had before.

However, it was a different thing entirely to see a human with such a powerful being just… serving him.

"I have to say, your request came as a surprise," Carmilla commented, appearing casual as she waved for one of her servants to go look for the drinks. And some blood for herself, because she really needed something to get her through that meeting, she could already tell. With that done though, it was only her and Davis once more, figuratively speaking.

"I'm sure," the man replied, his smile turning a little amused. Was he mocking her? "I've been looking into your race's factions for a while. Sorry, faction," he corrected, but if that wasn't intentional, Carmilla would eat human food.

"And why is that?"

"Curiosity, for one," the man answered freely, uncaring and relaxed still. "The youkai are very interesting, just like angels, fallen, devils… And I thought I'd look into other factions. I hope you don't mind or take offense, but vampires are fascinating." Did he have to sound like such a mad tinkerer?

"I'm sure we can humor your curiosity no problem, Lord Davis," she said and there it was again, the flicker of annoyance. Was she using the wrong title? She was very sure that she wasn't, but then what was the problem? "Was that all, however? You needn't have used so much influence for such a small thing, I have to say."

"Hm, I'm not so sure about that myself," Davis told her and Carmilla felt herself grow more nervous, if that were possible. He didn't change the way he spoke, nor did he shift his stance or his expression, but there was something hidden behind that smile. She hadn't gotten as old as she had without learning a few things about reading people, after all. "That aside though, I'm here for another reason."

"... And that would be?" she asked when it became obvious that Davis was in no hurry to continue. Although, that might have been because of the arrival of their drinks. Speaking of, if the man was at all disturbed by the blood on her wine glass, he didn't show it.

"Your situation, of course," Davis answered, as if that were in any way, shape or form an acceptable response. "For one, I have to say, your defenses are so… lacking. I can definitely put up something that'll actually keep enemies away, besides some… you know, quality of life spells here and there," the man said and Carmilla wanted to be insulted by the "offer".

She wasn't though, because if there was one thing that her research had stressed, it was that Davis was quite possibly the best magician in his field. Although, being fair, maybe the word "fields" applied better. Defense magic was his thing, wards, hexes and even boons. If it could defend a place, then Davis knew it inside out. Adaptive spellcrafting, power, skill and knowledge, the man had it all to make a name for himself and he'd done so in record time.

Truly, record time was understating it.

And if her research had missed something as glaringly big as him being Egypt's new Pharaoh, then she imagined there was much more that she didn't know either.

"And how much would these defense upgrades cost us?" she asked, raising an eyebrow and with a denial at the tip of her tongue. Another bit that her research had stressed was that Davis seemed to relish making people indebted to him. He would do things for people and then deny them the chance to repay him, thus having them owe him for the future and amassing amounts of favor that left even her pitying the sad little humans of the magician associations.

"Ravel here has the specifics of it," the man answered smoothly, leaving her blinking. Carmilla didn't have time to say anything, however, before Davis continued. "Money is a given, of course, but I'm much more interested in knowledge, so any unique or rare book, tome or scroll you might have on hand, I'll be more than interested in. That can be discussed. Same with artifacts. I'm sure we can come to an agreement that will suit everyone, Lady Karnstein."

"I do have some ideas of what we can bargain for and with, from what we've gathered about your faction," the Phenex girl commented, but her voice held no strength in comparison to Davis. Carmilla almost ignored what she said completely. Not only because of that, but also because…

Well, that was all very… surprising.

"Truly," she commented blandly, all but narrowing her eyes as she tried to analyze the situation. Something wasn't quite fitting in her mind and that bothered her. There was definitely something she was missing. "I find it hard to believe that you did all this and came all the way here to offer to increase our defenses and ask questions about our race."

"Nobody said anything about just asking questions," he pointed out while taking a sip from his cup of tea, a smirk poorly hidden by the container, and this time she did narrow her eyes. What was the man even-? "But you're right. Neither of those were the reason why I came here to talk to you. You see, I'm the representative of a pantheon that has been disconnected from the rest of the supernatural for entirely too long. I'm trying to make the Egyptian a power worth considering, worth respecting."

"And we fit in this… how?" Carmilla asked, wary but intrigued all the same.

"How would you like to be a power worth considering and respecting yourself? Again, that is," Davis asked and she pursed her lips, her eyes twitching as her anger threatened to break through her mask. "The Tepes have had you under their thumb for a while, haven't they? That's why you're not actually Queen Carmilla anymore. You're just Lady Karnstein now and barely of noble standing at that, considering how you and your faction were… subjugated."

"You're well informed," she said, keeping her temper under control. She was still the inferior one, much as she was loath to admit. "Not many know what's been going on in our little slice of the world."

"I am and I do," Davis said, putting down the cup in his hand back on the table. He kept his expression just as it was, in placid apathy, as he shifted his seating position. Instead of leaning back, relaxed and in control, he straightened, serious and almost looming. "There's something going on here and I'll benefit a great deal from getting involved, I'm sure. So, this is the part you were expecting before, Lady Karnstein."

"I'm sure I don't know-"

"The part where I do something for you and you are left owing me," Davis said, lips pulling up into a smile that sent shivers down her spine. "And unlike before, you won't be able to say no, I'm afraid, but I'm reasonably sure you'll be happy in the end."

She had words of doubt almost out of her mouth in an instant, with words of denial right behind. However, somehow, someway, she didn't find it in her to let them out. Instead, Carmilla looked at Davis and tried, once more, to get a read on him.

He was sure of what he was saying and that grated on her a great deal.

Almost as much as the amused smile that the Phenex was trying and failing to hide.

Were they mocking her, both of them, right in her own home? The gall of this magician, but she needed to be smart about this. She wasn't a faction leader for nothing and she was used to being on the losing side and having to swallow all her issues with things. Tepes had made sure she learned what "her place" was and as much as she despised the whole situation, she'd only make it all worse if she acted up.

So, she needed to be smart, she needed to think.

"And what, pray tell, is this miraculous solution you have to offer me?" she asked, knowing that rejecting outright would only risk insulting this powerful man. She couldn't afford more enemies, so she'd have to see how she managed to wiggle herself out of this… situation she found herself in, preferably without costing either herself or her people much.

Beggars couldn't be choosers though.

"How'd you like for things to return to what they were, Lady Karnstein? How'd you like for things to be reversed even?" Davis asked and, for a second, Carmilla wondered if he was the devil in the room. He sounded so sure and if he was saying what she thought he was saying… "How'd you like me to take care of your Tepes problem for you, Carmilla?"

'... A devil indeed.'

[}-o-{]​

[Ravel Phenex]

"Those terms are… agreeable," Queen Carmilla – Ravel didn't think she had it in her to call her Lady Karnstein like Joshua did – said, sounding like she was pulling her own teeth out rather than speaking. To be fair, it wasn't like she didn't understand though. Few people were happy to get a leash put around their necks, after all, and Joshua was all but forcing the vampire to put the metaphorical collar on herself.

"I'm glad you think so," the human in the room replied, pleased as he could be, if still keeping his political face on. A face that was very… impressive. Ravel would have used other words, but those felt awkward for some reason. She also didn't fancy her chances against three faction leaders, admittedly. "Now, with that out of the way, I think I have some things to prepare to get started and I'm sure you'll need some time on your end too."

"That would be appreciated," Queen Carmilla replied, her voice clipped, but she was doing a remarkable job at keeping her composure for someone in such a situation. Ravel knew many people that'd have cracked already. Shame that though, since they had plans in place to make the leash that much more tight if she did. Alas, they'd have to content themselves suffocating the woman with kindness as Joshua preferred to do.

Ravel wasn't sure that was actually a better choice for his "victims", if she was entirely honest.

"Well, I do believe this has been a productive meeting, wouldn't you say?" Joshua asked, but for once he wasn't oblivious. He couldn't be, considering how much they'd planned for this one meeting. All the information he'd gathered through a long time and all the time he'd thought things over, nevermind how he'd asked for advice from everyone dependable that he knew.

Joshua couldn't not be aware of something. At least, not of anything that Ravel herself could pick up on. There was always a chance of a surprise, after all, but none of that had happened. Ravel did love when things went according to plan.

"You're sure you can deal with them by yourself?" Carmilla said instead of answering Joshua's question, breaking character more than she had through the whole thing. It was still a very small, subtle shift, but Ravel picked up on it all the same. The vampire's calm and confidence crumbled just a tiny bit and instead Ravel saw doubt, nerves, fear.

"Carmilla," Joshua said, really driving home that point. Ravel would admit – in the privacy of her own mind and maybe away from the woman herself – to enjoying the diminutive twitches Joshua's way of addressing her caused on the vampire, be it calling her Lady Karnstein or later just Carmilla. "I've done much, much more difficult things. If the Tepes somehow turn out to be a problem, it'll be nice. I always do like a challenge."

It also helped that Joshua didn't much care for the vampire faction, really. He just wanted to follow the leads he'd found regarding Khaos Brigade and that was that. If the other faction turned out to be troublesome, then nobody would suffer other than the Carmilla side. Ravel rather doubted Joshua would just let something happen to them, but it was also true that he'd be less torn up if something did happen than if it were, say, Yasaka's youkai faction.

They weren't going to tell Carmilla that though, of course.

"Now, I believe all has been said. Ravel and I should be on our way now," Joshua said, standing up without their host saying anything. "If you need me, feel free to call," he added, waving a hand towards the small charm that he'd leave for Carmilla to contact him if she so wished. "We'll see ourselves out, but don't be a stranger, Carmilla."

And with that, in a move that would have appalled her parents, Joshua left without being dismissed. And Ravel followed right after him, calm as she could be. The disrespect was on purpose, after all. Not only did it drive home Joshua's current standing above the likes of Queen Carmilla, but it also did so with the fact that the vampire's situation was far from what it had once been. That way, she'd be even more desperate to deal with her enemies, to recover some of her power.

Joshua could win her over with his excessive amounts of kindness once Khaos Brigade was dealt with.

"I think that went well," Joshua commented, walking through the halls towards the outside of the mansion like he owned the place. He looked very pleased with himself, which Ravel imagined was genuine, even though that was part of the plan too. They were being observed by the servants, after all.

Still though, that meeting had gone very well indeed. Joshua had addressed all the points he'd needed to and he hadn't broken character at any point. There were some parts that Ravel would have done a little differently, but considering how much Joshua loathed anything remotely related to politics, she counted the whole thing as a massive victory. Although, to be entirely honest, she was a little disappointed that she hadn't gotten to do much during it.

She knew she was just back up, but she'd still kind of hoped she'd get to do something.

Well, another time, hopefully.

"That it did," she replied, plastering a smile that she didn't even have to fake on her face. "Should we leave properly from further or-"

"Nah," Joshua answered before she even finished and she giggled as the teleportation circle formed under them right outside the main door. That wasn't very polite either, but then again, they'd done the bare minimum they should before the meeting and at the start of it. Then, progressively, they'd gotten more and more disrespectful as they revealed why they were there.

By then, it was all an effort to mess with Queen Carmilla's mind so that she'd be more inclined to deal with her Tepes problem. It might alienate them a little too, but the risk was worth the chance. And if all else failed, then Joshua was sure that Queen Carmilla herself would give him an excuse to get involved if she snapped at them.

Win-win situation if there ever was one.

"I take it things went well?" Gabriel was the first to ask when they got back and Ravel refrained from negatively reacting to her. She'd have to get used to the angel and, truly, she didn't really mind. It was just… very awkward and a little unnerving for her. Ravel was getting there though.

"I really wish there comes a day when I don't have to deal with this nonsense. No wonder the Egyptians are playing homebody," Joshua said, letting go of his political persona as she slumped and dragged his feet to the closest free seat. A can of beer appeared beside him and the man grabbed it out of the air. "Ravel, if you don't get tired of me, I hope you can take care of all these things for me in the future."

"I would never, Mr. Davis," she replied, beaming at the man. Being the spokeswoman for a faction leader with as much influence as Joshua was likely to be? She could only hope she'd be so lucky. Alas, it was unlikely that Joshua would need her by then. At that point, he likely would be able to pull away from the world and be a hermit while the women in his life took care of what little might come his way.

It hurt a little, but maybe she'd be lucky. Joshua wasn't the kind of person that'd just discard her once she was no longer useful. So, maybe he'd keep her around even when he didn't need her and have her do some things here and there for him. That'd be enough for her, really.

Better than going back to being the fourth child and the only daughter in a noble family of immortals of a race of people that already had trouble dying.

At least, with Joshua, it felt like what she did mattered.

"Someone's being dramatic~"

"I don't want to hear that from you, Sera," Joshua replied wryly, taking a sip from his beer.

"She's not wrong," Yasaka pointed out, making the man deflate even more. "Now, tell us how it went. Maybe we can point out where you could have done better for future reference."

"Do we have to?"

"We should," Gabriel answered with a nod and Joshua groaned.

"... If we must," the man grumbled, standing a little straighter as if it was a great effort. However, instead of addressing the three women around the table, he turned towards Ravel, who had prepared herself to stand there and take notes. "Ravel, you were working on the list of things to ask Carmilla for payment, right?"

"Yes, Mr. Davis. Did you have something new in mind?" she asked, a little surprised and she wasn't the only one, judging by the looks on the three women around Joshua.

"Yeah, make a note of looking for something that'd be good for the Stars, alright? One item each. Maybe we can get something generic to use as a prize for a class competition too, one for each class?" the man commented, as if that were a normal thing to do. Ravel did as she was told though, because she was slowly getting used to her employer's antics.

Those poor students though…

Oh well, their problem.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ugh, politics.

Why do they always worm their way into my stories? Why?

Every single time, man.

And then I get to look like a fool because I don't know how politics work, so I always try to keep it simple and it probably looks dumb as fuck. But oh well, such is the sadistic nature of the Muse, I guess. I just gotta deal with it.

All in all though, I guess I did a good enough job with this, probably. A good job by my estimation, which probably doesn't mean much. I'll take that though, if you guys don't mind.

I hope you agree with me that this is at least passable.

Random Question: Do you like politics in stories? I don't mind them, but I'm not a great fan either. If the storytelling is good, then great. I just don't like writing them myself because… ugh…

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, kenlon, Panicbox13 and 190 others
Adrian King
Mar 18, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 178 - Just Like a Tidal Wave
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#880
Just Like a Tidal Wave

"Whispers are starting to spread about us," Gabriel told him and Joshua turned towards her and raised an eyebrow. It was expected that would happen, after all. "I guess I just wanted to keep things private and you a little lower profile for a little longer," she said, smiling a little sadly towards the angel he'd given an extra pair of wings that day.

They weren't going overboard with that just yet, slowly testing the waters, as it were. Even though he was sure he had things well enough in hand, he didn't see the damage in keeping the project under testing phase for a little longer. Besides, as Gabriel said, it allowed him to keep under the radar a little, as it were.

Not that it was possible to do that overly much anymore, considering how quickly he was building a reputation for himself. More and more people were becoming aware of things involving him and the true scope of his character. Inevitable, he supposed, but he took some solace in the fact that some things would still remain outside public knowledge.

Sadly, that didn't seem to include his love life, apparently. Again, it wasn't surprising, considering they were going on public dates. Unavoidable, if anyone asked him. Neither his partners nor him wanted to try and go the secret dating route. For once, everyone was in agreement on something that he considered annoying enough not to bother with.

"At least they don't know I'm the one giving you wings," Joshua commented, to which the angel hummed in agreement. Angels were actually great secret keepers. Betrayal was a bit of a no-no for them, who'd have thought? It was anathema to them on a number of levels. So, when they were made to promise not to reveal who gave them extra wings, they kept their word.

"Speaking of, when are you going to start with Azazel's side?" Gabriel asked and he pursed his lips. "You'll have to do so soon," the angel pointed out and he nodded, acknowledging her point.

So far, he'd put things off as much as he could. That was partly the reason why he'd given as few extra wings to the angels too and Gabriel knew it. If he wasn't giving Heaven more wings, then Grigori couldn't reasonably get pissed at him for not doing the same with them. And while he did want to put preference treatment towards the former to get back at the latter, he also didn't want to go back on his word.

So… He'd have to, he supposed.

"There's the fact that I don't trust the Fallen to keep their mouths shut though," he replied. It was an excuse and both of them knew it, but it wasn't untrue. Fallen were much more likely to spill the secret of who was giving more wings to angels on both sides – after all, people would put two and two together – and that was just not something he wanted to deal with.

He'd already been told that other factions would very much take an interest in him if he was openly making factions stronger. He'd already drawn a fair bit of attention with the stunt with the Phoenix Spell, really, but he'd gotten away with that because he set up new arrays for other factions and such and they weren't all that common. Giving wings to both angel factions though? That was bound to stir things up a lot more.

The only reason they didn't expect the devils to raise much of a fuss was because he'd also been going around curing Sleep Disease patients. That and because while the Phoenix Spell wasn't exclusive, the devils certainly had more of it, even in its relatively limited nature. That and because Serafall was the most open of his partners, so the devils were still fairly sure that he was in their pockets more than anyone else's.

They were wrong, of course, but nobody was going to point that out to them just yet.

"You're not wrong about that, but that doesn't change things," Gabriel told him and he nodded, getting back on the conversation track. "It's going to be hectic for a while when things get out of hand though," she added, sighing. It was telling that she said "when" and not "if" too, because there was no way things would be kept under wraps forever. Joshua was doing things that were too big to be hidden for an extended period of time, after all.

Things would get out. The real extent of his involvement in the Phoenix Spell and the Sleep Disease cure, Project Ascension's effects and even his relation with Gabriel, all those things and more would just lead to his political presence being all the bigger. That'd bring headaches for everyone involved.

"Politics suck," he said, letting out a sigh himself.

"At least you have someone else deal with those for you almost completely," Gabriel pointed out wryly and he smiled. Ravel really was a Godsent… or a Satansent, considering Serafall had been the one to send her his way? Either way, he really appreciated the fact that she enjoyed managing his business, political or otherwise.

"Delegation is the best thing ever," he commented, drawing a snort from the angel. "You should try it."

"Believe me, I would, but I have an image to maintain. I can't afford to besmirch my reputation even a little." He almost wanted to point out that her dating him probably did that, but either it did and she'd decided that was the important thing to do so in or she'd tell him – again – that it wasn't quite as big a deal as he thought it was. "You're just lucky you're basically representing yourself for your Pantheon, considering the Egyptian deities don't really care how you go about it so long as you actually do spread your influence and thus theirs," she pointed out and he didn't need her to. He really appreciated that, even if the aforementioned gathering of gods and goddesses made him feel like he was barely more than entertainment.

At least he had way more freedom than he'd expected when he agreed to represent them and they helped when he asked, so he wasn't complaining too much.

"They are nice like that, yeah," he commented, rolling his eyes fondly when he felt a few appreciative hums come through the Charm connection at him. "On a different note though. I think we're done here right," he mused, turning to look at the now four-winged angel, who was still testing her new power and what it meant for her. "Wanna go somewhere for a drink and something to eat?"

"Hm, I like the sound of that," Gabriel replied instantly, beaming at him, which immediately made him smile back at her.

Sometimes it was the simplest things that caused the most impact.

[}-o-{]​

"Don't you think you're been too passive in your approach to magic?" Joshua asked, leaning back and taking a sip from his cup of tea as he looked over the circles his student had presented to him. "A fair bit of nature is passive, of course, what with plants and all, but animals can be fairly active, even herbivores and such. I feel like being assertive in certain spell designs could work well, don't you?" he mused out loud.

Then again, Nature Magic was Karin's thing, not his.

However, he'd long since given up explaining that kind of thing to his Stars. They hung on to his every word like they were the truth of existence and they urged him to speak his mind as much as possible. At one point, Joshua had just given up and started giving voice to whatever came to his mind. If he was wrong about something, then he'd just take that from his Star's favor debt.

It actually worked well for him, really, or so he'd thought at first.

In Ravel's words though – and slightly disappointingly to him actually –, they wouldn't be getting rid of what they owed him anytime soon even with that idea. A shame really, since Joshua could really do with some people around him not feeling like they had to bend over backwards for his every whim. Alas, that was more difficult to accomplish than one would think.

It also probably didn't help that his magic insights were not often wrong. He wasn't always right, but what he came up with was usually at least useful. Never had he thought he'd wish for failure, but it was a close thing in that case.

"You think so?" his student asked, frowning at her own notes and spell circles as if trying to see what he saw and how she could apply what he'd said. "Maybe for things that are more aggressive, more… predator-like," she mumbled, picking up an empty sheet and starting to scribble something on it.

"As I said, even herbivores can be assertive, defensive spells could work that way too. Even plants can be big and imposing or thorny, or poisonous, right? Not really what one would call active, but not passive either. Does that make sense?" Joshua explained as best he could. Magic was about calculations, sure, but there was a lot of vagueness, meanings, relativity, mythos and more involved in it too. "Maybe you can look at the spells and see what part of nature better fits with it, is it a flower, a hawk, a fish, an elephant, a tree? And then you go from there, how would you represent that into a spell design?"

"Yes, I think I see it," Karin said, her voice barely above a whisper as she continued writing. "Thank you, Professor Davis. You've given me a lot to think about."

"Don't mention it. Let me know if what I said helped, yeah? And don't be shy to ask me to set up a testing ground for you if you decide to try this out," he told her with a grin. It was always interesting to see new magic and his Stars never failed to impress, on top of that. So, Joshua was actually looking forward to Karin – and any of the others around, really – asking for him to check on their experiments.

"Will do, Professor Davis," Karin dutifully agreed, nodding, picking her stuff up and moving back to the desk in the small classroom Joshua had gotten.

As it turned out, Agnes had less than zero issues with him making a more exclusive class for his Stars. If anything, it was the Stars themselves that had put up some resistance – token resistance, but resistance all the same – to the idea. In Ravel's words, they didn't want to owe him more, but then again, they didn't want to reject the opportunity to further their careers.

Joshua had just sighed at the whole thing and waited to see if they'd agree or not.

As it turned out, they did.

"Am I still the official apprentice or are we all apprentices now?" Meredith asked him, peering closely at him from where she sat at her own desk. Immediately, all of the Stars stopped whatever they were doing to look at him. Joshua just raised an eyebrow at them, but they were far from deterred.

"Is that kind of thing done? Having more than one apprentice?" he asked, taking another sip from his tea before leaning forward on his own desk.

"It's been known to happen, with two or three apprentices in exceptional cases," Levi answered, because of course he did. If someone could have answers for a trivia question, that'd be him. It was honestly great, as far as Joshua was concerned. He was glad to hear that more and more people were recognizing the value of just straight knowledge. Levi was like having a Magical Wikipedia available, and one that fact-checked itself to boot.

It was amazing.

For some reason though, his words caused the rest of the Stars – sans Meredith – to deflate. Was it because they didn't think they were exceptional? Or because they thought he'd choose one or two of the others and leave some of them out? Was it something else?

Ultimately, did it matter?

"Hm, I guess I'll tell Agnes and see when she wants to announce it," he commented idly, drawing intent stares from all the students. Why did they look so surprised? When had he done things the normal way anyway?

"I'll start working on that, Mr. Davis. Should I set time aside to manage them more directly?" Ravel asked him then and he knew it was more of a request than anything. Not only was it rare for her to volunteer to do work unrelated to him – if it had ever happened at all –, but he also saw it in the way her calculating gaze was directed at the Stars.

"Go for it," he answered with a slight smile.

Why the Stars looked so nervous, he didn't know, but he was sure it'd be fine.

[}-o-{]​

[Carmilla Karnstein]

Joshua Davis' presence was completely different during his second visit.

Where before he'd been imposing and unshakable, the pressure of his standing flooding the space around him, he was now a relaxed, borderline laid-back, and she'd have thought he was a regular magician if she hadn't known better, not even an outstanding one at that. He had a complete control of his presence, evidently, over who he was and who he was perceived as. He wasn't there as the Pharaoh any longer, instead being just a magician performing his trade, and as such he'd had the Egyptians pull back.

"Nice room, nice location," Davis commented, looking around appraisingly. He seemed more curious than judging though, as if he didn't care if the place was appropriate for someone at Carmilla's station and was only checking that it was fitting for his job. It was almost enough to make her feel better about her rather… subpar living arrangement. The Tepes hadn't been content with stripping her of her position as leader and ruining her political standing, after all. "Very nice, actually. Strong ley lines, that'll come in handy. I think I'll be able to do more than I thought," the man commented, seemingly pleased with this new information. "Nice," he repeated, cracking his neck.

"I'm glad it is to your satisfaction, Lord Davis," she replied, twitching at the same time he did, her out of concern and him out of annoyance. She was still not sure what the matter was, but everytime she called him by his title, he reacted the same. She was almost tempted to ask if she should call him something else, but he hadn't brought it up, so she assumed it was the best she'd get.

It wasn't like he was in her position, stuck with a title that she despised for what it reminded her of. He was in a position of power over her. If he wanted her to call him something, he had to mention it and it'd be done. Not like she could afford to disrespect him, even if he wanted her to call him a title that wasn't properly earned.

Maybe he was too stubborn to do so?

"Right, I should get started, I think," Davis replied, keeping whatever had crossed his mind to himself. "This will take a while, so if you want, you can go over the details of the exchange with Ravel, Carmilla," he told her and she had to hold back a scowl. She couldn't tell if he'd made that sound almost like an order on purpose or not.

She was fairly sure that he was trying to anger her, or at the very least annoy her. Because even if the man was as ignorant of how politics and even common etiquette worked, there was no way his pet devil was too. So, either the Phenex wanted to make an enemy of Carmilla by misinforming her superior, or Davis was doing things on purpose. She was inclined to believe the latter was the case, considering how deferentially the devil acted. The girl wasn't that good an actor, Carmilla was certain.

"That sounds… reasonable," she replied, but she could tell Davis no longer was paying attention to her. Instead, he summoned a myriad of pieces of paper and various materials right on top of those. She could see the many magical circles drawn on the sheets and the varied foci Davis had brought. Wardstones, leaves, branches, flowers, fruits, fur, bones, fangs and many other things were now littering almost the entirety of the room. At least, those parts not currently occupied by Davis, his familiars, the Phenex and Carmilla herself.

"Should we stay here or should we move away?" the aforementioned devil asked, breaking her from her observation and making her turn towards her. "There's plenty to go over in terms of specifics," the girl pointed out to her, her voice neutral, bordering on deferential too. Carmilla barely was able to take a small measure of pride in the fact that at least in that conversation she'd be the strong one.

Not that it meant much, considering the Phenex represented Davis, but it was something.

"What is it that your employer is looking… for?" Carmilla asked, pausing and feeling a shiver run down her spine when magic washed over her. Her eyes darted to the side, to look at Davis, and she almost gulped when she sensed the spell now looming over her. She could feel it so clearly, the giant, watchful presence, staring at her with no emotions, only scrutiny, like a gigantic lens pointed straight at her.

"First of all, anything you might have in these fields of magic will be of great interest to Mr. Davis," the Phenex girl answered her calmly, professionally, as if the man she represented weren't burning a hole in Carmilla's skull with the spell he'd just cast. And that was far from the end, because another spell joined the first a second later, just as the Phenex passed her a sheet of paper with magic branches written as a list.

This time, there was no emotionless presence though, because the new spell felt like a snarling werewolf standing right behind her. Carmilla resisted the urge to bring a hand up to her neck, almost able to feel fangs closing in on her. She could sense it, the presence of the spell, waiting for her to give it an excuse to jump and destroy.

"Artifacts related to those fields of magic would be appreciated too, especially the ones underlined at the end," the Phenex continued and Carmilla noticed immediately that the devil knew what she was going through and she was enjoying her suffering very much. The gall of the-

Evidently, Davis was just getting started, because another spell cut through Carmilla's thoughts. And then another, and another. Soon, she was completely surrounded by spell presences, and none of them was reassuring. All of them watched, all of them threatened, all of them promised and Carmilla could only stand there, barely able to follow what the Phenex said and almost breaking her composure as each piece of magic was cast.

Davis had certainly earned his reputation as a master of his craft.

Now, if he could be less terrifying while applying his expertise…

Carmilla would have appreciated that.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"You're getting antsy," he commented idly.

"I can wait," Raynare argued, her voice clipped and cold. It kind of belied what she was trying to tell him. The fact was that he was right. "I don't like it, but I can wait. You'll have use for me yet, won't you? And you'll give me more wings, more power."

"Probably, on both accounts," he replied. His eyes weren't on her, but he was paying attention. It was just that it kind of lifted his mood to see Kuroka training with Koneko. He didn't interact much with the older Nekoshou those days, despite basically living with her, but it wasn't necessary. Their connection was Koneko and neither cared to expand on that, he guessed.

He kind of gathered that Kuroka had given up on him, which he was grateful for.

"Then everything's fine," Raynare told him, all but shrugging. "You've given me more than Grigori did in all my years of service. Weeks, months, years, decades? I can wait that long," the fallen explained and this did make him turn towards her.

Maybe his perception of things was skewed. Supernatural beings were used to things taking years and years. Him? Things happened within months when it came to him. Perks of having a System, he supposed, but also Perks of being motivated as fuck on top of that, really.

He needed to get shit done fast or Trihexa would end it all.

So, on that note…

"You're kind of a power maniac," he said, smiling a smile that was not at all kind at Raynare. "That's good," he commented, apparently catching her off guard a little if the slightly widened eyes were any indication. "Train, Raynare. Train more. Reach the limit of your four wings and I'll give you two more. Then train to reach that limit and I'll give you two more. I won't stop until I can't push your limit anymore or you can't handle more," he told her and that'd have been a threat for any sane person, Joshua was pretty sure. Raynare wasn't quite what he'd call sane though.

"You promise?" she asked, her lips pulling up into the kind of crazy grin that he'd expected. He could almost see the purple shine of Incinerate Anthem burning somewhere within her eyes too. His already cold smile turned even more so, weary eyes half-opened.

"I'm strong, but I'm not the strongest," Joshua said, not quite answering, but Raynare didn't seem impatient. Instead, she hung to his every word like they were a lifeline. "My familiars are strong, but not the strongest. Everyone on my side is like that. I need the strongest. Maybe it'll be me, eventually. Maybe it'll be Cheshire. Maybe it'll be Kuroka."

"Maybe it'll be me," Raynare added, and if her grin widened any more, he'd worry her cheeks would tear open. The mad glint in her gaze grew worse. Funnily enough, he found that comforting.

"Maybe it'll be you," he repeated with a nod. "Whoever it is, I'll be fine with it, so long as my enemies are dead and my family safe," he said with a shrug.

"You know this already, Davis," the fallen told him, staring intently into his eyes. "But give me power and I'll be whatever you want me to be. I'll be the attack dog you need. Your enemies will burn to less than ash. Anyone that so much as gets in your way will disappear with but a word. I'll be your flame, your sword."

He wondered if she did that, chose those words, on purpose. Who knew though? Maybe she had meant it exactly like it sounded, or maybe she was making the same connections he was from her speech and the situation. Was it fate, that she was like that, that he'd given her Incinerate Anthem?

Was she to be his Uriel, the Flame of God? Some kind of connection to his Salvation of God? What did any of that mean anyway? He didn't know and he hated that he didn't know.

Not for the first time, he checked her status screen.

[Title: Pillar of Salvation]

"Hm, I think we might test that soon," he commented idly, not quite relieved to hear that. "For now-"

"I'll be waiting, training," Raynare interrupted with a firm nod and, when he nodded back at her, she floated up with her wings and moved to an empty spot in the training facility. He just watched her, calm as he could be on the outside, with emotions burning inside him.

It was one of those days, after all.

It was one of those days in which Trihexa loomed over him, more dark and frightening than ever. He didn't remember what the Beast was supposed to look like, but he didn't need to. If anything, that made it more terrifying. Khaos Brigade, what was left of it, was more of a mystery than anything else he knew and they were lurking in the shadows, getting ready to unleash his worst nightmares on the Earth.

And Joshua didn't know what to do.

Once he dealt with the vampire factions and hopefully got to Valerie before shit hit the fan, he'd be out of ideas. He didn't remember anything else he could use to try and cripple Khaos Brigade after that. It'd be just a game of attrition like it had been for much of their "war" and Joshua hated that, because it meant the crazy bastards could do something unexpected and get to him, to his family.

He didn't like that, not at all.

Friday pulled closer to his conscious, concerned and fearful and angry, but mostly confused. So, Joshua took a deep breath in, focused his mind and did his best to calm her down. He'd brooded enough, he supposed and it was better to knock it off before Yasaka, Serafall or Gabriel dropped by. Or even worse, Kunou could decide to skip one of her classes and appear any second and he would not drag her into his shit mood.

So, Joshua sighed, stood up and moved towards where his familiars had gathered. Better to get some training done and blow off steam while he was at it. He didn't train his physical skills nearly enough anyway, so he might as well.

What he wouldn't give to have some Khaos Brigade idiots around to just…

Oh well, something for another time.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, some pieces moved a little… I think? Maybe? Or maybe they are prefacing some movement, at least. I can tell you guys that much.

And then there's the Carmilla section, which stands out to me. Not only because it's the plot line that's moving the most, but also because it was fun. Don't ask me why, but I find it extremely entertaining to write her parts, especially from her PoV. I don't know why, I just do. So I'll be happy with that and move on.

I hope you enjoyed the chapter. Maybe even liked the Carmilla part like I did?

Random Question: Favorite DnD class? (I might be in a bit of a DnD mood, for those not aware of what goes on in my Discord server) Mine's Beastmaster Ranger which… is unfortunate. I hear it's one of the worst subclasses, but my love for classes that use minions to fight is absolute. I think some of that showed in this series, actually, what with all the familiars.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 179 others
Adrian King
Mar 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 179 - I Am Not a Saint-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#891
I Am Not a Saint-

He worked in silence, aware of the eyes fixed on his back but not giving them any importance.

Not that there was much else for him to do, but it paid to keep an eye on the process all the same. Most of it was in his spell's metaphorical hands, and he didn't mean Friday's. The magic had been laid out and now it was just the array and the patient, slowly going through the process of cutting off the connection between the devil and the Sleep Disease. Still though, one never knew when something unexpected could happen, so Joshua kept an close eye on how things were going.

Every devil was different, after all, and not just in the same way every human was different. There was an extra layer to that due to the fact that bloodlines made devils significantly different from one to the other. Magic that worked one way with one of them could work entirely different in another, like they were completely different species except for the very, very tiny detail that they were devils. This wasn't a trait specific to them though, of course, because youkai were significantly different from one line to the other, even more so than devils, really, but still.

It made the delicate process of curing the Sleep Disease all the more tense.

So far, he'd treated a bunch of devils and he'd had to step in through the process to make adjustments here and there a few times. Most of those had been with pureblood devils, which made sense since those were the ones most likely to have some bloodline interfering, but there had been a few reincarnated devils too, and it was unsurprising that those had been from species that weren't quite what one would call "basic", such as humans.

Thankfully, this one time, Joshua didn't have to do much of anything other than sitting there and being prepared just in case. He was tense through the whole thing, but it was otherwise easy to do. So, when the whole thing was done, he leaned back from where he'd been, slightly hunched forward to be closer to the patient. Relaxing his shoulders, he cracked his neck and stretched a little. He could feel the family of the devil behind him as they waited for him to tell them something. To their credit, they didn't rush him or anything even when he changed posture and moved.

Some of his other patients' families could be rather… well, impatient.

Taking a deep breath in, he glanced at the devil and checked everything his spells and him could sense.

Then he nodded to himself.

"He's fine," he announced, standing up and stretching a little more. He'd been there for a while already, after all. "He's been under the effects of the disease for a while, so it might take him a bit to wake up and even more to recover, but he'll get there. I imagine he'll be opening his eyes sometime in the next day, and he might speak sometime in the next two days. It might happen when there's no one around though, but it'll all progress from there," he explained, speaking slowly and clearly to the family who were looking at him even more intently than how they had when he was curing the man.

"Anything we should do?" the wife asked him hesitantly, almost as if she were afraid to say or do anything.

"Be there for him. He'll need time to recover in a number of ways, but the hardest part is done. He should be back to hundred percent relatively soon, so long as you all help him," he said and he smiled a little at how concerned they were. He'd treated the one woman that only had her son caring about her. The rest of the family seemed as if they'd prefer her to keep sleeping. And that was only one example, not even the worst one either.

Despicable.

"That doesn't mean you have to coddle him. He'll need to put in effort to recover his musculature, magic power and more abstract tolls the disease takes. Progress should be steady, so if it seems like he's stuck without getting better anymore, that's when you need to call someone to check on him. Make sure he doesn't try to do too much and set himself back though," he told them, aware that he was being a little contradictory there. That's how it was though. "If you're not sure how much to let him push himself, I'm sure there are more capable people in this field that can help him. If you think the disease is coming back though, don't hesitate to call me, but so far that hasn't happened, no matter how many scares people go through, so don't be worried about that."

The annoying thing about the Sleep Disease was that it had the relatively mundane symptom of being tired and sleepy. So, whenever one of his patients got a little tired or sleepy, the families and the patients themselves would panic. So far, every single call had been a false alarm, but he didn't want to discourage people from calling him too much.

He was earning favor in the Underworld, after all, so that'd come in handy in the future. Especially considering Project Ascension's fast approaching consequences. Joshua found himself, for once, properly thankful for the opportunity to have people in his debt.

That aside, Joshua talked a bit more with the family, going over things as best he could before saying his goodbyes and leaving them with the now cured patient.

"Good work as usual, Mr. Davis," Ravel commented, dutifully walking beside him with her trusty notepad in hand. "There's plenty of people with Sleep Disease out there, but you've been progressing very well. Soon, we'll have healed all the influential people in the… list," she informed him, wilting a little when he turned to give her a look at the last part. "Sorry," she mumbled.

She knew he didn't care for the influential part.

Much as he was happy to have some more pull on devil society to help him deal with annoying things like politics, it still wasn't Joshua's main focus. If it were up to him, he'd have healed people at random, but… Well, it was necessary, sort of. It wouldn't do for some of those people to think they'd been put aside for "lesser devils", much as Joshua despised that kind of thought process.

"It's fine," he said, sighing and rolling his eyes. "Now, what's next on our day?"

"Hopefully not much," a voice answered and it wasn't Ravel. Pausing, Joshua turned and raised an eyebrow even as his secretary froze in place. "Do you have time to talk, perhaps?" the devil asked him and he found himself even more confused. Alas, he didn't think he had many options to answer that with.

Still though…

"Is it worth anything to ask how you're here?" he asked, taking a deep breath in and straightening his back. He wasn't too worried, but this was not a person he wanted to underestimate. Just because they had reached some strange kind of truce didn't mean he wasn't wary of the guy.

"Is that really what you want to ask? Or is it why?"

"I want to ask both, but I thought I'd start with something simple," Joshua answered with a wry smile. "Push the headache for later."

"If you say so," Zekram Bael told him, giving him a strange smile. "We can walk and talk, if you have somewhere to be," the devil added, glancing towards Ravel, who'd more or less frozen where she stood.

"Ravel," Joshua said and the girl snapped out of her surprise immediately. "Do we have somewhere to be?"

"Ah, no, sir," she answered nervously, falling into her "sir" instead of the usual "Mr. Davis". Very telling, that, but Joshua couldn't really address that at the moment. "You were going to go back home, work on your projects and, hm, other than that-"

"Meaning I'm free," he said, not wanting her to mention Kunou. His daughter had even met Zekram before, but Joshua didn't want to involve his family with the man more than he needed to. Maybe it was paranoid of him, but he'd prefer to err on the side of caution. 'I'll have to make it up to Kunou later though,' he thought, holding back a sigh. "So, we can go somewhere in this city, if you wanted to talk, Great King."

"Zekram is fine, Lord Davis," the devil said and it almost sounded friendly. To Joshua though, the words might as well have been wrapped in razor wire. Alas…

"Call me Joshua then," he replied with a smile on his face. Neither of them liked each other, so he didn't know what kind of game the Bael wanted to play. Alas, he'd have to roll with the punches as best he could and hope that'd be enough, by the look of things.

God did he wish he could have prepared for that meeting like he had his meetings with Carmilla, but alas, no such luck for him.

"Joshua then," Zekram agreed easily with a nod. "Truth is, I know a great many people, as you might guess. It wasn't hard to convince some people to inform me when you started doing your rounds so that I could meet you again," the devil explained as they walked side by side through the halls of the mansion. Ravel, meanwhile, was a good few steps behind with Cheshire and Morag keeping her company, the latter of which was even hanging from her back. "As for the next natural question, I'm here because you've been a busy man. A rising figure in my own society is worth a little scheming for a meeting, wouldn't you say?"

Joshua almost wanted to ask Nephthys for a beer, because he was clearly not drunk enough for the conversation at hand. Alas, even if the goddess had been amenable to that, he couldn't afford to. He'd just have to be happy getting the beverage as a reward after everything was said and done.

"Was that all, meeting me for the sake of meeting me?" he asked, raising an eyebrow and not at all buying what the devil was trying to sell him. There had to be some kind of play going on, he was sure. "You don't expect me to believe that, do you?"

"Not really, no," Zekram answered, looking amused of all things. "But it's mostly the reason all the same. The only other reason is that I thought it might be worth interacting with you to get a measure of your character, of the person that's making waves in the world, including my own faction."

"And how's that going for you so far?" Joshua asked, turning forward for a moment, not really all that interested in the conversation now that he figured what it was all about.

Could the Bael have some third or fourth reason? Probably, but he wasn't going to get it out of the man and none of his senses picked up a lie so far. Cheshire was also silent, so there was that. With all that in mind, he decided that it wasn't worth worrying and stressing over.

Thus, he was able to relax.

"I do believe I have nothing to worry about with you," Zekram said, as if that were some kind of fascinating realization. Sometimes Joshua thought supernatural people wished for conflict. "At least, for as long as Khaos Brigade exists. Afterwards, things might change and that makes you a dangerous man, if a future one."

"But you're not going to deal with me anyway," Joshua replied, somewhat surprised by that fact. Because Zekram didn't seem at all confrontational or aggressive and Cheshire was still not picking up on anything worth telling him about. He guessed he now understood how Zekram felt about things a little better.

"No, I won't, because of your relationship with Sairaorg," the Bael told him, making him tilt his head. "You're pushing him. I already was starting to suspect he'd go far, but now? Now I'm certain, just like I'm certain I can prevent you from becoming an enemy. And just like I'm certain that you can be a great ally. So, you could say I'm very happy with what I see in you, Joshua Davis."

"Glad to hear that," he said dryly, not at all meaning what he said nor impressed with what Zekram said. "Do make it worth my while though, will you?"

"I'm sure that can be arranged," Bael answered, waving him off with a smile. However, a second later, his expression – borderline friendly as it had been, disturbingly enough – turned into something much colder, much more dangerous. "The same goes for you, however, Joshua."

"I'm sure that can be arranged, Zekram," he replied with his own glacial smile.

[}-o-{]​

"You've been giving wings to the angels already," Azazel said, not quite accusing him, but Joshua knew he was, because he was even more certain that it hadn't been a question of any kind. Ravel certainly thought so too, if the spike in her emotions was anything to go by. The little devil was smart enough to keep her thoughts to herself though, because she was capable like that.

"Have I?" Joshua asked distractedly as he worked to set up the array that would give one of Azazel's people an extra pair of wings. He knew, after all, that the fallen governor didn't have any proof of what he was saying. The angels hadn't babbled and the process was highly private for the moment.

So, Azazel was guessing.

Guessing right, of course, but guessing all the same.

"Don't play dumb, Davis. It doesn't suit you," Azazel told him and while his tone remained friendly, he knew it was anything but that on the inside. The fallen was not happy with Joshua, evidently, but that was too bad for him. He was beyond caring for his feelings at that point.

It was kind of funny, the situation, considering Azazel was generally perceived as a "good guy" character and Zekram was generally perceived as a "bad guy" character. Yet there was Joshua, with a relatively friendly relationship with the Great King and anything but that with the Governor of Grigori. How perspective and specific situations could change things, he supposed. A nudge here and he was at odds with the fallen, a step there and the devil was almost on his side.

Granted, it was all almosts and ifs and maybes. It wasn't like he considered Azazel an enemy or anything. Moreover, with time, his anger was passing – like always – and Joshua was leaning more and more towards neutral grounds. It also wasn't like he was allies with Zekram, really. He was still highly suspicious of the guy, but he was tentatively putting him in a slightly positive, neutral space in his mind.

Still though…

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about," Joshua replied, because even though he was no longer entertaining murderous thoughts every time Azazel or the fallen came up in conversation – much –, that didn't mean he was just going to forgive them. Far from it, because the man was unrepentant and Vali was still out there doing who the fuck knew what, with the full permission of Azazel to boot.

So no, Joshua was unlikely to ever let go of his negative opinion of the fallen for as long as all that remained the case.

"That's how you want to do this, huh?" Azazel mused out loud, almost like he was talking to himself.

"Everything's ready. You can bring your woman," Joshua said, ignoring the man's previous words and standing up, not even trying to appear like he cared. Azazel stared at him for a long moment before shaking his head and waving for Penemue to do her thing, which she dutifully did, even as her eyes warily flickered between her boss and Joshua himself.

The process went smoothly, all things considered and he didn't try to make small talk with anyone. Nothing against the fallen, maybe the woman had been selected because of how "nice" she was or something, but Joshua didn't care enough to let her try and earn points with him. He just did what he'd gone there to do and pushed to get out of there as soon as possible. Nothing more, nothing less.

"Not even going to try and respect us in our own home, are you?"

"Don't talk to me about respect and homes, Azazel," Joshua told the governor, cracking his neck after all was said and done. Normally, he found some sort of enjoyment or interest in every big spell he cast, even if it was one that he'd cast a bunch of times already. This one time though, despite being only the second time to cast said spell on a fallen and only the first time after testing… Joshua was more uncomfortable than anything.

"Joshua-"

"I'm still waiting," he interrupted with, turning and giving Azazel a wry half-smile.

"For an apology? I can do that, no problem. I've even already apologized, but I can do that again," the governor said and there was something very annoying about the dismissive way the man spoke. It was what stopped Joshua from taking his apology in the first place, actually.

However…

"I'm still waiting for the great results you thought were worth putting my family in danger for," Joshua said, whatever was there of his smile vanishing from his face and left only a dispassionate expression. "You're getting us information, but I haven't seen enough of it to warrant the shitshow that you caused for us. Funny how none of that flak hit you or your people, huh?" he pointed out with a raised eyebrow. "Very funny."

"Joshua-"

"I don't have time for your excuses. Do something useful with your little spy before I kill him, Azazel," he told the man, readying to leave. "My anger is going away, so maybe I won't hunt him down. But if I come across him on the battlefield, you can bet that he'll be dead along with the rest of them. Either that, or in a cell for me to get as much information out of him as I can. Like your buddy, Kokabiel," he said and for the first time, he saw a flicker of anger behind Azazel's eyes. He saw the clenching of his jaw, the twitch of his hands and the tensing of his shoulders. So did Nagini and both of them reacted much the same, with dark amusement.

"You're hellbent on being belligerent, aren't you?"

"I'm hellbent on holding you accountable for your actions. Having a spy on the enemy organization is all well and good, right up until the price is too much for too little reward. Maybe I reacted poorly at the start and my anger got the better of me. That's going away now though and your little spy project still isn't worth it to me," Joshua explained as best he could, swapping his title for Great Column and drawing on Horus and every other high deity of the Egyptians that felt generous enough to back him up on what was almost a whim. "Now is when you should be worried, Azazel. Because I can be angry a lot, but it goes away, you have seen that in Mittelt and Kalawarna. Now though, it's going away and I'm still pissed. So… do something, or don't be surprised if your faction and your standing with me and mine remains the same or worse."

"Not like you're giving me much of a chance, are you?" Azazel asked and Joshua had to commend his fucking gall, because that was… That was something else.

"Me interrupting your excuses is not the same as me not giving you a chance. I'm just not giving you a chance to bullshit your way out of this," he replied, shaking his head and turning to look at Nagini, who had come with him for the job together with Margalo. The bird took the glance as a sign and flew to perch herself on his shoulder. "Do something, Azazel, or don't. But stop trying to play games with me, because it won't end well."

"Just like the games you're playing? I know you've been giving wings to the angels," the governor accused – for real this time – and Joshua snorted. "Your project has been done for a while already, but somehow this is the first time we hear of this? You're punishing me and my faction, favoring them. That wasn't the agreement-"

"Funny. Our alliance agreement didn't involve you setting us up as some kind of puppets either," Joshua commented, tilting his head. "Maybe you decided that playing a little with the semantics game was a good idea. But I have something to tell you about that. Two can play the same game. I said I'd give both sides extra wings. I never said anything about doing it equally though."

"You'll regret this, Joshua."

"Maybe I will," he agreed, nodding for Ravel and Nagini to follow him. "But I'm going to make sure you regret what you did too, while I'm at it. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes, Azazel," he said, stopping next to the fallen and giving him a sardonic smile. "Don't bother, alright? I know the way out."

And with that, he left the room and he was grateful when Azazel didn't seem like he'd follow him. That is, until he heard the door behind him open and close and he rolled his eyes. Talking with the governor was tiring, in all honesty, because it was a constant battle to not hear his bullshit. The man seemed incapable of realizing that he wasn't going to argue his way out of the mess he created.

To hear his partners talking, Azazel had cornered himself and now he didn't have a way out. His plans cracked in his hands and it took him by surprise. They were flawed and now he was paying the price for that. The fallen didn't have anything to do other than try and fix things, but that was easier said than done. So, in the end, he could only scramble to try and keep at least a little face and not alienate everyone. The problem was that he didn't have anything to defend himself with, really.

It was… sad, but Joshua was done caring, quite honestly.

"This is a surprise," he commented idly. "I really did think Azazel would keep trying."

"No, sir. Just me," Penemue said, speaking in the same way that Ravel did when she was nervous and tense. He turned and gave her a raised eyebrow. Why had she followed after him? "You know the way, but it's bad manners not to accompany guests all the same."

"I'm the rude one here, Penemue. I'm the one that left without being dismissed," he pointed out to her with a snort. Even he knew that much, and even if he didn't, he'd have learned about it when he poked Carmilla with that same thing. "So, why did you really come after us?" he asked curiously.

"You're an ally of my faction, sir. Maybe not in good terms as of late," she answered, grimacing and even hunching over the smallest bit as she said that last part. "But an ally all the same. I make it a point to be respectful to allies."

"Shame the rest of your faction doesn't agree," he said, sending a jab towards Azazel. Was it petty to do that with the man's secretary? Yes, it definitely was. Even with his anger waning, his annoyance remained and it wasn't helped by the man's refusal to acknowledge that he'd screwed up.

Shockingly, Penemue didn't even try to argue.

"I hope you can find it in you to forgive our faction, sir," she said instead and he raised both eyebrows. It almost sounded to him like she was excluding Azazel from that. Surely not though, right? Maybe he'd have to check with Ravel and his partners. Good thing the Phenex was right there to witness that with her own eyes. Maybe she'd explain better. "During times like this, everyone needs as much strength as they can manage to find."

"Entirely depending on your faction, Penemue," he replied, reaching the room where he'd teleported in and where he would teleport out. "Do something worth my while and maybe I'll look past this… mess. For now though, I have better things to do than being annoyed and uncomfortable," he explained with a shrug.

As he went to teleport though, he didn't miss the thoughtful look on Penemue's face.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, the scenes in this chapter got away from me, both of them. I'd already started them thinking they'd be long, sure, but I didn't think they'd occupy the whole chapter. Alas, here we are, I guess.

Fortunately, I'm actually very happy with this chapter. Zekram is an interesting character to write because even I don't know what's going on there half the time. And then there's Azazel, who… Honestly, I think he brought things on himself. Maybe people don't like that I'm kind of slapping his character on the face, but the muse is sometimes kind and sometimes she's a bitch.

Unlucky him.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How're you feeling at the moment of reading this? Weather's a little hot here, but nothing like we were having about a weak ago, fortunately. Other than that, I have a slight cough that's more annoying than anything. Beyond that, I'm a little hungry, but I'm trying not to eat so much, since I should try to lose weight. "Should" and "try" being the operative words there.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, kenlon, Panicbox13 and 189 others
Adrian King
Apr 1, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 180 - -And I Don’t Claim To Be
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#901
-And I Don't Claim To Be

Idly, Joshua wondered when it had become normal to raid Khaos Brigade bases.

Sure, it didn't happen often or anything like that. They didn't have that much intel, much as it galled them to admit. They also preferred to use actual faction forces for the big raids or important raids. Not that Joshua couldn't take care of those, but it was better to let the factions put more people, more eyes, more organization, more professionalism and more… bureaucracy, of a sort.

At some point, he'd just started going for lesser targets just to test spells and such, for the most part.

Joshua didn't much care. He also wasn't fond of the raids, even if they carried a certain pleasure in the fact that they were actively working against Khaos Brigade. Beyond that though, the only thing he cared about was the fact that the attacks provided him with fresh… test subjects for some of his most dangerous and painful spells, so the arrangement certainly worked for him.

There was probably quite a bit of a moral problem going on with that, Joshua imagined, but he couldn't afford to doubt himself that much. He needed as much progress as he could get and testing his theories and ideas was the way to get to the end of the line faster. Besides, was there really that much of a difference between an awful spell and an experimental one?

Maybe the experimental one could be considered worse, because you were treating the other person as if they were less than human, in a way? Joshua wasn't too sure that was how it worked, but that's how it felt at times. Alas, his targets were terrorists, so he tried not to care all that much about their feelings or their fates.

"She's having fun," he commented, looking towards one side of the base, a side that was completely covered in a sea of purple flames. Raynare had apparently gone the extra mile, evil cackles and all. Maybe that should be concerning, he supposed, but all he could muster was… some mild amusement and being happy for her.

Margalo chirped an acknowledging agreement, following his gaze from where she was perched on his shoulder.

"Oh… you should not have run this way," he commented when someone unknown came out of the building entrance in front of him. He was panicking, but that was hardly surprising or telling him much. Anyone in his raid group could have caused that reaction, even Jeanne. Not always, but his sister did have a mean bone or two in her body, admittedly. The piece of her that had allowed her to be part of Khaos Brigade in the original timeline, he supposed.

That didn't matter, since he'd helped her be a well-adjusted member of society… sort of. Maybe?

Back to the fleeing Khaos Brigade member though, he metaphorically flexed his magic and the poor bastard fell face first on the ground. Then he blinked as he looked deeper into his energies and who he was. 'Well, that's unexpected,' he mused, walking calmly up to the guy, whose face was still pressed against the dirt at Joshua's feet.

"So, you're my target here, huh?" he thought out loud in a whisper, tilting his head and appraising the guy much more thoroughly.

"That's the one you wanted, right~?" Kuroka asked and he turned to regard her as the nekoshou skipped like a little girl up to them. "Sacred Gear and a mean streak way too wide for his strength," she commented, kicking the guy on the ground lightly. Or lightly for her, he supposed, because he was pretty sure that tap did plenty of damage. "The others are still looking, but Ray-Ray might have been too effective," she added.

Joshua nodded thoughtfully, still considering the man.

"Yeah, this is him. You guys can go wild now," he replied with a slight smile.

"Nice~" Kuroka cheered lightly, twirling and then skipping back towards the building. That is, before she paused. "Say, can I tell them to keep looking? I think it might be fun~"

"... Go for it," he allowed, mostly because he saw no harm in that, but also because he didn't really care and because he was a little distracted. His eyes were still locked on his target for the day, after all. "Just don't let it become a problem," he added, almost like an afterthought. He doubted the game could cause any trouble, but one never knew.

"Sure thing~"

And then Kuroka was gone, back to the halls of the building.

That was that, he guessed.

It would be fun to hear how that went.

For the moment though, he had an asshole to deal with and he had just the way to go about it too. He wasn't going anywhere, of course, but what use was delaying? So, he just tapped his foot on the ground and let Friday do her thing, reaching out from him and summoning magic circles and materials to anchor herself.

Interestingly, the living spell could live outside his arrays, home array or any other. He was kind of still researching the specifics, but his running theory was that the piece of himself that he'd used to create her let her anchor herself to him, even while moving around. So, he could have the spell ride shotgun in his body, sort of – but not really – like a Sacred Gear. She couldn't do anything other than be there, feel what he felt if he allowed it and communicate with him, but Friday didn't seem overly concerned with those harsh limitations.

If anything, she preferred to be limited to his body than being outside in an array, at least when she didn't need to do something. That didn't happen often when he wasn't home though, since most of what she could do was pull on the quality of life spells he'd set at home. Outside, she mostly just stayed put. He almost felt bad, but if she was happy like that, then who was he to judge, right?

"Wha-What…?" the man at his feet choked out, apparently managing to find enough strength within himself to voice that simple question, that single word. All the same, Joshua was kind of impressed. Not like he was using his strongest restraining array, or even spell, but it was still more than he imagined a normal human should be able to resist. He guessed the guy wasn't a normal grunt for a reason though.

"Nothing for you to be concerned about," Joshua lied as easily as he breathed.

Because that man? He'd get no sympathy from him. He'd deliberately seeked out that particular base from a list they had gotten with new information out of several similar ones. Why? Because that man was there and he'd make a perfect test subject for a particular project of his, one that needed a little more… incentive on his part, as it were.

Alternatively, one could say that the project needed a subject that Joshua wouldn't feel bad torturing a little more than usual. Not that it was saying much, considering what he'd done on other raids, but he needed one with a little extra shittiness to really drive away the guilt for that. Because he wouldn't be messing with his body alone, no. He'd be messing with his soul, probably tearing it apart and destroying him.

And Joshua still had somewhat of a conscience, despite the DxD world's best efforts to get rid of it. Not a lot, but something was better than nothing, right? That's what he liked to tell himself, at least. It wasn't very reassuring, but at that point… he didn't much care. It was a token effort to preserve some of his morals and humanity, he supposed.

As long as the people he loved were fine with him, then that was all that truly mattered, as far as he was concerned.

Was that a bad way of looking at things? Probably.

It was still how Joshua saw it.

"I'm just going to try and take your Sacred Gear from you, that's all," he commented idly, looking at Friday's work on the spell array around them. She'd cast everything already and was now letting the spells gather energy from the Khaos members that his group was likely toying with. God knew they could be done already if they so wanted.

Judging by the man's panicked, muffled groans and whines, he didn't like the idea of him taking away something that was firmly tied to his soul.

Who'd have thought?

"If you didn't want me to do unspeakably evil and twisted things to you, then maybe you should have been a better person," Joshua pointed out with an uncaring shrug. After all, the man had done unspeakably evil and twisted things to other people. It was why Joshua had chosen him. As far as he was concerned, he'd brought this onto himself.

The terror got worse, but the man had less and less energy to fight the spells as the seconds passed by. Even if he hadn't spent most of his energy running away from Raynare, Kuroka and maybe even the others, Joshua didn't think he'd ever stood a chance. Too bad for him, but pretty good for Joshua, who would now be free to test a project he'd kind of been avoiding, since he lacked a proper test subject.

Sure, there was Cao Cao, but True Longinus felt like too much of a gamble to be the first he tried the project on. An untold number of things could go wrong and while testing on a normal Sacred Gear would likely be very different from a Longinus, let alone True Longinus, Joshua would prefer to have some foundation for his endeavor. On the other hand, there was Georg and some other Khaos Brigade members that had Sacred Gears and were imprisoned, but…

Again, he felt like this required testing on people that were repulsive, like the guy before him or Cao Cao, who was pretty much leading a crusade against anything non-human, a genocide. So, yeah, Joshua didn't think Georg and the others were that bad. Particularly in the "others" category. Georg had been pretty high up in Khaos Brigade, after all, but there was a lesser, although still considerable, likeness between his case and Cao Cao's.

Who knew though, maybe once he got a better hang on Project Extraction he'd give it a go with them too, if it turned out not to be too horrific…

Unlikely as that was.

"Wonder if your victims felt the same way," Joshua said, his tone almost bored, because that's one way he had found to deal with such situations. He detached himself, becoming an outsider. He focused on the goals and the reasons and the process, pushing aside everything else. It was easier to think about him tearing apart a test subject's soul than it was to think about doing it to a person, even if both were essentially the same thing.

So, when he took the reigns of the array from Friday, closed her metaphorical eyes and covered her metaphorical ears – she was too young, too innocent, for him to throw her off the deep end like that just yet –, Joshua channeled some of the deities connected to life, death and souls, most of which had already been waiting for the moment to step in since he communicated to them what he wanted to do. After that, he got to work, reaching towards the man's soul, examining it, prodding it, finding what's soul, what's Sacred Gear and what's both. Then, he needed to start picking at it, trying to separate the two things in the spots where they were one and the same. Not easy, not simple, not even comprehensible, really, but that was what the testing process was all about.

So, Joshua steeled his soul and his nerves and started doing what he went there to do.

He reached deeper, got a better hold of the soul and then pushed harder. He picked that base, that man, for one reason and it was because he wouldn't have to worry. So, he didn't worry and went for it. He pulled, poked and tore and bit by bit, he started figuring out things. Sometimes he succeeded, sometimes he failed, but every single time he learned, and that was what he was there to do.

So, he kept going, eyes cold and face blank. The pain became too much for the man at times, the scream almost tore out of him just like his soul was being shredded inside him. Joshua didn't pay him any mind and Margalo took up singing at one point, to drown out the wails.

And eventually, the night returned to silence, only disturbed by the almost non-existent by then sounds of battling inside the building.

[}-o-{]​

"Had fun?" Serafall asked casually when he got back.

"Oh yeah, if only someone had told us that we'd already gotten the target," Jeanne grumbled, walking past him and garnering eye rolls all around the room. She hadn't shut up about it since the attack ended and even Margalo was tired of her complaints.

"You're just sore that you didn't manage to find a second one and the familiars did," Raynare – surprisingly, since she didn't interact with others often, at least not without Joshua telling her to – pointed out, giving the girl a flat look. She was probably right though, Nagini had managed to find a second Sacred Gear holder and driven her right into Margalo's webs. After that, Cheshire had confirmed to him that she was, indeed, a good enough candidate for his experiments.

Surprisingly, there might be a lot of really awful people in the terrorist organization.

Truly shocking news.

"Am not!" Jeanne whined and Joshua figured she was a lil' tired. Her childish side shining through was adorable though, so he didn't point that out. Didn't point out the adorable part either, obviously, because he appreciated the gift of life he'd been given, twice over at that.

"Well, it's kind of late," he said, giving a giggling Serafall a weary smile. That only made her giggle more. "And I have a date to get to. So, how about we all call it a day here?"

"I'll be in the training room then," Raynare said, walking out of the room and not seeing him rolling his eyes at her. He meant for everyone to go to sleep, but of course the power-obsessed fallen wanted to get some more training done.

He really should have seen that coming, honestly.

"Good night," Jeanne grumbled under her breath, leaving too.

"Nagini's the only one that got a few scratches, Asia, but other than that, you can go to sleep already if you want," Joshua told the little nun, who had waited up for them to get back, just to be sure they'd be taken care of when they arrived. Both of them knew Joshua could heal them just fine if need be, but she liked being the healer in the house, so who was he to take that away from her?

The girl hummed, approaching his gigantic snake familiar while the rest of his animal companions went their separate ways around the house.

"So, about that date," he said, sharing a grin with Serafall, who immediately stood up. She was wearing one of her special edition Levia-tan outfits… so that meant their date was in the Underworld, where she was a known feature. She usually put enough effort to use normal clothes when they stayed on Earth. Then again, sometimes she didn't, but that was rare. "Underworld then?"

"Yup, I wanna show off to some friends," the devil answered, hopping off the stool she'd been sitting on at the kitchen island and beaming at him. Joshua, for his part, tilted his head and frowned, confused.

"We're going on a group date with the Satans?... Actually, are Ajuka and Falbium in a relationship at all?" he asked, because he honestly didn't know. And also, he didn't think he was mentally prepared for that kind of social setting. Sirzechs was nice and all, but Joshua barely knew him, let alone the other two. Well, he guessed he did occasionally trade some notes with Ajuka when they wanted to pick each other's brains, but that didn't happen often.

They were the same kind of hermit, he supposed.

"Not them. I do have other friends besides the Satans, you know?" Serafall asked, pouting. "What kind of boyfriend are you if you don't know that?"

"The kind that knows you've never mentioned any of these supposed other friends?" he answered with a raised eyebrow. His expression then turned into a smile when she turned away and grumbled.

"Ok, so they might be acquaintances, but still," she muttered, turning to glare at him without any heat in her eyes. Then she sighed. "This might be a little stuffy and I did have other plans but… Some of the devils around my age range-" What did that even mean? What did a devil age range even look like when they lived for thousands of years? "-are getting together and Sirzechs says one of them could cause trouble. It's not a big social event, so I wasn't going to go when I got the invitation, but if one of these idiots wants to do something especially stupid then…"

"You can't say no," he finished for her. He checked her outfit again. It was the magical girl version of formal wear, he was pretty sure. It said something about how much Serafall was getting into his brain that he could tell that much, he felt. What did it say? He didn't know, but it definitely said something. "It's gonna be really stuffy, huh?"

"Yep," she replied with a pout. "Sorry for ruining our date," she added, poking the floor with her foot.

"It's fine. We'll just have to try and have fun anyway. Hope I'm not a shoddy date to take to this. I haven't been able to prepare, so I'll be extra Joshua for this thing. Hope that's not a problem."

"Not at all. You know I love you just the way you are," Serafall told him with a smile that turned into something decidedly not friendly a second later. "And I wanna see someone say something about you. I dare them," she all but hissed and he grinned at her. "Now, about those experiments, how did they go?"

Was his soul shredding and searing spellcrafting test a topic that should be talked about during a date?

Probably not.

It was still something they talked about all the same while he got ready and they waited for the right moment to go to the party Serafall was going to drag him to.

Neither of them minded, so he guessed it was fine.

[}-o-{]​

"You're one twisted, awful person, you know that?"

"That's kind of rich coming from you, isn't it?" Joshua commented idly, bouncing his foot up and down where it was crossed over his other leg. To an outsider, he probably looked like he had not a care in the world as he wrote away in his notebook. At least, he'd look like that to an uninformed observer, of which there were none around.

Instead, he was pretty sure he did look like an absolute monster to those that were around.

"You think we were as bad as you? We were not. Some might have wished though," Georg commented, almost casually. Considering he was one of the people he experimented the least on, Joshua supposed that made some sense. Not a lot, but some.

"I'll take that as a compliment," Joshua replied, drawing a snort form the prisoner and even Kokabiel, who was the second one that kept his wits about him somewhat. As for the rest, well…

"You… You'll pay for this," Shalba muttered, still recovering from his turn. "You… Filthy-" Whatever else he was going to say, Joshua didn't hear, because he silenced the guy. Normally, he'd let them go on, but he needed to concentrate for this next part. It was also the reason why he'd silenced Katerea, who was the one under his "check up" spells at the moment.

Slowly, he'd moved on through his experimentation with the prisoners. He'd prodded them for all that they had, Sacred Gears, hero descendancy, fallen physiology, devil physiology, devil bloodlines. All of them had given him precious information that he was sure to apply here and there at some point in some spell. He wasn't sure what or how just yet, but it was a matter of time.

Joshua was getting deeper and deeper into those though, he knew. That's why he'd stepped up Project Extraction to the point where he could test it on people. That's how he'd found out that Hero Descendancy was in the soul, not in the blood. That's how he knew magic permeated devils and fallen like they were half made of the stuff, their blood, their bones, their muscles, their souls. Bloodlines were more than blood too, leaving a mark everywhere, but mostly in their magic.

So, he continued checking Katerea's soul for all the information it had to give him, no matter how painful, unnatural the process to get that information was.

"Please," she whimpered when he finally stopped. He didn't want to kill her, after all. That'd be a crying shame and a waste of a perfectly good source of data.

"You know, it's kind of funny," he commented, rolling his eyes as he deactivated all the silencing spells. Sometimes the prisoners said something useful, after all. Most of the time they didn't, but he was never one to say no to free information. "You plead and beg, but then you go right back to threatening me. You should really just pick on."

"Would it make a difference?" Kokabiel asked dryly, eyebrow raised.

"Probably not, but one never knows, right? Stranger things have happened," Joshua answered with a shrug. "Doesn't change the fact that it's kind of weird. Just stick to one, even if it's hating my guts."

"You're not wrong about that, but it's not weird. It's weak," Kokabiel commented, scoffing as if he were more disgusted with the devils and heroes than he was angry at Joshua. Which he probably was, even if it was really strange to think about. "Fickle, is what they are. They change to whatever they think suits them best. They curse you when you show them no mercy but beg when they think they might have a chance. And it's fine to adapt, you know? Survival requires more than strength and bravery and what not, but there comes a point where you should stand up for yourself or you're just weak."

"Hm, I guess that's fair," Joshua somewhat agreed with a nod, considering those words. After a moment, he focused back on his notebook, ignoring Katerea's whimpering with practiced ease. Besides, she'd recover real quick, since her bloodline let her shrug off most things much quicker. Granted, soul bruises weren't quite as easy or as quick as physical injuries, but that was neither here nor there.

"What are you even trying to do?" Georg asked, curious and interested.

"No aim just yet but gathering information," Joshua answered with a shrug. "Things are kind of coming together in my mind. You all have given me plenty of ideas I can't wait to put together," he added, leaving out the fact that he was actually already practicing some of those ideas, like Project Extraction.

Depending on how you looked at it though, he was still putting that one together.

"Are you sure you're human?" Kokabiel asked, sounding genuinely curious as he peered at Joshua from behind the cell bars. "Because this is… This is the kind of thing I'd expect from Azazel, or Ajuka, or… anyone else other than a human magician."

"Think you're so much better than us, huh?" Cao Cao growled, for one speaking up from within his cell.

"Truly a wonder why your team up didn't work," Joshua commented, looking between them in amusement. "And yeah, perfectly human," he added, and he wasn't sure why the Egyptians seemed to find that so funny, but he resolutely ignored them. Just like he did with the dubious looks from the prisoners. They were just salty they got their asses handed to them by a human.

Joshua deliberately didn't think about the Salvation of God thing, just like the dimensional hopping thing, or the System thing, or the many divine blessings he carried by then. He was listed as a Human in the system and that was that.

And if that wasn't it, then he didn't know what he was.

That'd kind of suck.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

This was an… interesting character to write. I can't help but feel like it's a bit edgy or something along those lines, but I don't think it is, if that makes sense. I believe it might give that impression, but that's not what I'm going for at all.

Even if it is edgy as I fear it might come across, I hope you enjoyed the chapter all the same.

Random Question: Lots of juicy information coming our boy's way. Anything in particular that caught your eye?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, Mad_Smile2607 and 191 others
Adrian King
Apr 8, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
…
4
5
6
7
8
9
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
72 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Prev  
1
…
5
6
7
8
9
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 181 - Cross Your Heart and Hope New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#914
Cross Your Heart and Hope

"You think I'm looking at this from the wrong perspective?" Aika asked, scowling down at her notes.

"I'm saying that if you're this confused about things, maybe you should see if there's some other way to interpret the information you got," Joshua explained, leaning back and bringing his cup of tea to his lips. "You told me that the visions aren't accurate or straightforward, so I imagine it's likely to be because you're looking at it wrong. If what you think it is doesn't make any sense, then maybe try with something that makes at least a little sense."

"I guess," she grumbled, taking a deep breath in before sipping at her own drink. Then she sighed and looked down at her own notes. Apparently coming to a decision, she passed a few pages and started scribbling away. Joshua was fairly sure that she'd taken his advice on the matter and was starting from scratch on her interpretation of her latest Divination attempt.

He didn't ask though, leaving her to it. He knew how it was when the gears clicked into place and you got going. Better not to interrupt her until she came back to the world the rest of them were in. So, with that in mind, he looked to the side, where Jeanne was sitting by herself. She was there with Kiba though, but apparently the guy had gone to the bathroom. They were probably going to leave soon though. They didn't go on dates at the cafe often and definitely not when he was around, he knew that much.

Glancing around some more, Joshua saw Issei, who was there to work. It'd been a few days since the guy dropped by his place to train, so maybe he should ask if something was going on there. It was likely that he was just taking a break though. He wasn't that motivated to get stronger, after all. As far as Issei Hyoudou was concerned, life was great, after all. Joshua was happy for him, but he was also concerned, because even if he didn't bother with the world, the world would find a way to bother with the Red Dragon Emperor.

Well, Joshua could take care of that, if push came to shove, but still.

"He's going to ask to drop by tomorrow, if you were wondering," Aika commented, apparently having finished at least part of what she was doing and noticing his gaze on her boyfriend. "He didn't become too lazy to train yet. We know it's… important. Sometimes he trains with the devils though. We're still not closer to a decision on that front than we were before, but they are happy to work with us anyway."

"That's good. I wish you didn't need to worry, but…" Joshua replied with a slightly bitter smile that the girl returned. "Anyway, your classes going well? Ravel asks Agnes every so often, but she doesn't micromanage everything going on at her association."

"I imagine that might actually be the case, honestly," Aika told him, making him blink at her. "At least when it concerns you. The way everyone talks, you're the most important person in the whole association, Agnes included," the girl explained to him, giggling a little. "And I didn't hear that from your Stars. I heard that from practically everyone that mentions you, which is more people than I imagine you'd guess. I've also cast a spell or two to get some readings on House of Water. I'm an amateur, so my visions are shitty at best, but you come up a lot anyway."

Was that like the supernatural version of saying one's name popped up a lot in a Google search?

Because that's how it sounded to Joshua's ears.

"That's… good to know," he mumbled, considering this new information and if he should be concerned. Ultimately though, he decided it wasn't worth thinking about and pushed the matter aside. No, it wasn't because of how awkward it made him feel and whoever suggested such a thing was a liar.

"Back to your question though, I'm doing alright," Aika finally answered, beaming at him. She seemed honest enough, so he smiled back at her before she continued. "My teachers are great and the Stars keep talking to me and teaching me whenever we cross paths and they are free. Even if they seem busy, they stop by for a quick chat, check on me and such. Even if Agnes isn't looking at me through a spyglass at all times, your Stars are. You don't need to worry about me."

"That's good to know," he replied, very pleased to hear that. "Maybe I should do something nice for them as a thank you," he added absently considering that idea. He wasn't sure why Aika's expression turned wry, but before he could ask, something else crossed his mind. "Also, if you keep the pace you're going at, you'll probably be able to join the Star class soon," he added and the girl visibly perked up at that, looking both excited and surprised. "Granted, you won't be on their level, but it should be enough that it wouldn't be awkward to have you there."

"You think so?" Even with the clarification tacked in at the end, Aika looked like he'd told her she was the best Divination magician in the world. It was… endearing, if a little confusing. "Can't wait to tell Meredith that I'm catching up."

"That's not what I-"

"I know, but still," the girl said with a wicked smile. "It'll drive her up the wall. She loves her big sister act and I… I don't hate it, but it gets annoying."

"That's fair. I'll tell them that too. You do know this could backfire spectacularly if and likely when they find out though, right?" he pointed out to which the girl shrugged.

"Sure? But their faces will be worth it. Especially Meredith's, the rest can know the truth, honestly," Aika answered and he nodded absently. There was something very… nice about planning a simple prank like that. It felt like his head had been filled with serious thoughts for a while there, even though he had plenty of lighter things going on in between all the… other things.

"I guess we know what to do now," he replied with a grin that his student matched.

[}-o-{]​

"And Domino Mask saves the day again!" he announced exaggeratedly.

"You mean steals something again," Serafall pointed out dryly.

"Same thing."

"It's most definitely not-"

"Thank you, Domino Mask, Levia-tan," Ravel told them, doing a great grateful damsel-no-longer-in-distress impression as she sputtered more grateful words. Eventually though, an amused Joshua moved beside her and poked her ribs. "Ah!"

"Even I can take only so much praise and ego boosting, Miss," he said with a grin as wide as they came. "You're very welcome, but you'd be even more welcome if you let me keep-"

"Nothing," Serafall interrupted, pushing him away from Ravel. "You're not keeping that thing. It's going back to a safe place where it belongs," she added, chiding him like one might a child. "Don't let him talk you into giving it to him," she added towards Ravel who nodded quickly.

"You really are determined to ruin my fun to the best of your ability, aren't you?" Joshua commented, his expression dropping into unimpressed annoyance. "Why are you like this, Levi? I love you. Why do you have to hurt me so?"

"And I love you," Serafall replied, beaming back so wholeheartedly that he had to wonder if she'd broken character a little there. She recovered immediately though, her expression shifting into something more mischievous. "But it's for your own good. It's also my life mission now to keep you in check, so deal with it."

"So mean," he said in mock dismay. "So, Little Miss-"

"I told you to stop calling me that," Ravel protested with a very cute pout. People would love her character, he was sure. Still, he resolutely ignored her and continued speaking. As if Domino would change his mind that easily about something. Especially about something amusing.

"Little Miss," he repeated, grinning widely. "A pleasure, uh… doing business with you? What do you call this helping people thing again?" he asked, turning towards Serafall.

"What he means is that we're glad you're fine and everything is alright again. Don't be a stranger though, alright? We'd love to keep in contact," she said, smiling warmly at Ravel as she set up her character as a possible recurring one. Well, he said possible, but it was almost definitely going to happen. They were both sure that Ravel's character would work great and even if it didn't, they could still have her do an appearance here and there on occasion. It'd suck if she wasn't popular though.

Ravel would be sad and sad girls were Joshua's weakness.

So much ice cream would have to be sacrificed, he could see visions of that without Aika's Divination magic being necessary.

"And that's it!" the director called and they relaxed… Or he did, at least. Serafall kept going like nothing had happened and the scene was still running. Ravel, for her part, seemed to straighten up, as if the acting thing hadn't been a great deal. She was beaming though, which belied quite a bit.

Joshua, for his part, deflated and sighed, feeling exhausted. He liked acting, he really did, but it was also exhausting. It drained his social battery something fierce. He'd need to do nothing but be a hermit for a good few hours before… Actually.

"Do I have anything after this?"

"Ward Class."

"Fuck me," he groaned, dropping his head back and wishing to throttle his past self for setting up his day like that. To be fair though, it'd been a particularly draining filming day for no reason at all. It was annoying, but sometimes his social battery decided that he should be more awkward than usual. "Why?"

"Because that's the deal you struck with House of Water, Mr. Davis?" Ravel asked him and he gave her an unimpressed look. She was already working to return to her secretary persona though, so he was resolutely ignored. "You should have enough time for a cup of tea and some rest, however, if you feel you need it."

"I do. I really do," he said with a sigh, moving towards one of the chairs close by that he could take. Once he dropped there, he turned to see an amused Serafall and a Ravel that already had her trusty notepad in hand. "Do we need to do anything else here?" he asked, dreading the answer like it was a fifty-fifty death sentence.

"That was it for today," Serafall answered and he felt relief flooding his system. Evidently, his exaggerated response was highly amusing, seeing as the Satan started giggling immediately. "And people say I'm a Drama Queen."

"Shut up," he grumbled, taking the offered cup of tea that one of the assistants brought him. He hadn't asked, but then again, they already knew him by then, much like the servants at Yasaka's place. It was kind of odd, that the filming sets felt more like Serafall's home than the Sitri's manor or anywhere else. Idly, that realization made him wonder what felt like home with Gabriel.

Exploring, he decided. Things were much more warm and comfortable, cozy when they were out there sightseeing some city or landscape. Odd, that that felt like home, but maybe it wasn't, depending on how one looked at it.

"Doesn't help that we had to go to that gathering the other day," he added, taking a sip from his cup of tea and focusing on the present. "Did you catch the idiot, by the way?" he asked Serafall and Ravel looked between them very curious all of a sudden.

"Yeah, they won't be a problem anymore," the Satan answered before letting out a huff and moving to sit next to him. "One would think they'd learn, considering how hard Sirzechs and I kick their asses. Can't be that hard to behave, can it?"

Personally, Joshua thought it was a bit rich that she was saying that, but all the same…

"Idiots."

"Idiots," Serafall agreed with a sage nod.

Sometimes a man had to pick his battles.

[}-o-{]​

"I'm sorry."

"You don't have to apologize, Gabriel," Joshua said, fondly exasperated. He'd heard the same words entirely too much that day and it had barely been… half an hour or thereabouts. If she kept it up, he'd need to take drastic measures and nobody would like for that to happen. "So, how about we focus on enjoying ourselves while we're here and we still have daylight?"

"We can see in the dark, Joshua," the angel pointed out to him, looking very amused. At least she didn't look sad or guilty, he guessed, so that was an improvement. Now if she could have done that without making him sound dumb, that'd have been greatly appreciated.

"Just because we have magic for things doesn't mean I can't enjoy it more when they are natural. I know it's not natural if I spell my eyes to see everything as if it were day," he pointed out with a shrug, taking a sip from his cup of coffee. He'd have taken tea, like always, but he liked to do as the locals did when he traveled somewhere. That was the point of traveling, right? To experience new places and new cultures, wasn't it? So, that's what he tried to do. "If not, I might as well just cast an illusion at home and call it a day."

"Fair enough," Gabriel replied, gazing at him so fondly that he couldn't help but turn away.

"Also, seriously, stop apologizing," he added, because he could almost see the words at the tip of her tongue by then. "My favorite part of these dates is that they are to spend with family. I'm not going to begrudge you if you want to spend them with your family and not me."

"You might not be family, Joshua," Gabriel started, and he smiled. He could almost hear a "yet" going unsaid somewhere in there. It was honestly as much as he could expect, considering he wouldn't put his own thoughts on the matter into words just yet either. He didn't want to rush things and ruin everything. "But I do wish I could spend these days with you. Alas-"

"Gabriel," he interrupted, not exasperated but serious. He didn't want his date beating herself like that, after all. That day was one to enjoy themselves and that'd be that. There was no way he'd let her feel bad all throughout it. "It's fine. I'm happy for you and we'll be here waiting to spend time with you whenever you're free, alright? Whenever," he told her, taking her hand and looking straight into her eyes. He put all the emphasis and reassurance as he could in that last word too, because he meant it.

"Thank you."

"I do have to wonder though, if the date is-"

"Josh," Gabriel said, her expression returning to a much more usual smile. "Do you think I'll answer that?"

"Now, now, why the mystery?" he asked, not really all that bothered. Gabriel often refused to answer certain questions about Heaven and the pantheon in general. Some of those made sense as to why she wouldn't speak about the topic, but others… others were just odd. Ultimately though, it was literally her family they were talking about, so Joshua tried not to be too pushy.

He'd never been that curious about religion anyway.

"Mhm, so, what did you have in mind for after this?" the angel asked, ignoring his question altogether. She seemed amused and not like she'd apologize any second anymore, so Joshua counted that as a win and moved on. Idly, he followed her gaze towards the statue that they'd walked towards.

Unsurprisingly, Gabriel seemed particularly fond of sculptures, paintings and such forms of art. Maybe that's why the Church had always been obsessed with such things? Was one of her brothers or sisters really into architecture too, or maybe music? That was an amusing thought to entertain.

"Well, I thought we could look for a park to sit around for a bit. Then more exploring and then look for a place to eat," he suggested, drawing a nod from the angel. Not that he expected differently. She never did quite say no to any idea. It drove him mad at times, making him wonder if she just didn't want to disagree or if she really was just fine with whatever.

"You worry too much, Joshua," Gabriel told him, not for the first time, like she could read his mind. She looked entirely too amused for his liking, but it was better than her feeling guilty, he supposed. "I haven't had this much fun in… I can't even remember," she said and there was the slightest sad tinge to her smile for a second before she beamed at him. "I really am having a great time regardless of what we do. Maybe if this… If I ever do get used to this, then I might have preferences."

"You make that sound unlikely."

"I believe it is," she replied and it was his turn to beam at her, because there was little more flattering than compliments coming from a woman such as Gabriel. One would think he'd get used to such a thing happening, given how long he'd known Yasaka and Serafall, but it was something that just didn't happen.

Maybe she was onto something about not growing accustomed to things.

"Flatterer," he told her, pushing against her shoulder with his own and grinning when the angel giggled. Then, in a moment of feeling comfortable and bold, he leaned forward to kiss her. It wasn't chaste, but it also wasn't a particularly deep kiss either. It just… was. When he pulled back, both of them had smiles on their faces.

"You are a very unfair man, Joshua," Gabriel complained, although her expression hardly changed. "It's a wonder my wings haven't so much as flickered so far."

"Let's not jinx it then," he replied, taking her hand and walking forward. "Now, there's plenty of places to see, right?"

"Right," she said fondly.

And while they walked, Joshua's mind drifted the smallest bit, because there was a Project he could tweak a little in order to…

Either way, something for another time.

[}-o-{]​

"We didn't have to leave, you know?" Yasaka commented, walking beside him. Despite what she was saying though – and what she had been saying for a while, really –, she looked fairly happy. He guessed it was one of those moments when she said something because she felt like she should and not because she meant it.

Silly Yasaka.

"I know and yeah, Christmas is all about family for me, of course. That doesn't mean I can't spend an hour or so just with you," he pointed out, walking alongside her on the path they had taken. It was one that led outside of Kyoto. They hadn't hit the limit of her range yet, but they were kind of close.

Which was the point, actually.

"I guess that's true," she replied, trying to appear calm, but the widening of her smile gave her away. "This is nice." Joshua didn't know if she meant spending time by themselves, the area around them or maybe even something else, to be quite honest.

"It is," he readily agreed all the same, because the things he thought she could mean were all fairly nice indeed.

"We're going to hit my limit soon though," she confirmed for him and he nodded.

"We can turn back when that happens, or just walk alongside it," he replied, keeping his best poker face on. Maybe she was distracted, because Yasaka would definitely have noticed something was up even through his best efforts to hide that. That worked in his favor. "I'll do something about that, just to remind you."

"So you've said," Yasaka commented, smiling fondly at him. "Kind as it is for you to want to do that, Joshua, I do believe your time would be better spent in more worthwhile endeavors for the moment."

"And who decides what's worthwhile? Can't I think that you being happy counts?" he asked, but he knew what her thoughts on the matter were. In a way, he agreed, but he also didn't. Sure, he'd pushed a lot of projects for later because they weren't as important as other things he needed to work on, but still.

"I love that you actually think that, but Joshua-"

"I get it," he interrupted, giving her a sad smile. "Even then, I need a break from the more pressing projects from time to time, you know?" he pointed out. "And you can't stop me from working on it in my free time."

"Little as it might be," she added, which was really mean of her. He did, however, have entirely too little free time, admittedly. There were just a lot of things to do and the more he put them off, the more he worried he might be making a mistake. Having an ongoing war against a terrorist organization did that, after all.

"It'll have to be enough, I guess," Joshua commented idly with a shrug, before moving on. "Kunou wants to visit places, but she doesn't like going where you can't go. It already makes her guilty when she comes with me to Kuoh and that's almost the only place we go to."

"I know, Joshua," Yasaka replied with a sad sigh. "I'm just saying that there's no need to unnecessarily rush it. I'll happily wait until you manage it, because I know you will. I think you've proven that you can do anything, Joshua, and it's… cute how much you don't realize the weight of what you've done and could likely do."

"I think we agreed ages ago that my skull is just really thick," he commented idly, drawing a giggle from her. "I'm sure there are about ten things I'm missing at all times, but it's fine. I'm sure you'll tell me about it if it's important."

"Or Ravel will," Yasaka replied fondly and he nodded with a chuckle. "I think the most impressive thing you've managed is to draw me into this… state of mind you seem to have where what you do doesn't look as insane as it actually is," she commented idly and he raised an eyebrow at her. "Because I can tell you, I don't know how I managed to shrug off you threatening Nurarihyon in his own home, let alone everything else."

"People focus too much on what they deem as too hard or impossible, I've found," he commented, turning to look ahead. "Even geniuses do that. They just believe they can go further, but never try to reach all the way to the top, to break through the top."

"Or maybe you're just built different," Yasaka pointed out and he wondered if that was true. Was his System really that broken? It had never given him that impression, but maybe that was the case. It felt… insulting though, to think that that was it. He'd worked and studied and put so much effort into getting better. To give all the credit to his System felt…

He didn't like how it felt.

"I guess," Joshua replied and he hoped that he could keep the bitterness from his tone. That wasn't a time to let his hang ups ruin everything. It was Christmas, a time to enjoy with the family. "Back to what we're here for though, I have a question."

"Yes?" Yasaka asked, raising an eyebrow at him.

"Did you like your gift?" he said with a smile.

"You… haven't given me a gift yet, Joshua," she pointed out, confused. She was probably wondering if she'd missed a clue somewhere or not noticed a gift at some point. He just waited, his smile widening. After a moment though, he looked around. "Am I missing… something…?" she went to ask, but the question almost turned into a gasp as she looked around, really looked around.

She'd finally noticed, apparently, and then she had the gall to call him oblivious.

After all, they'd gone past her limit already and she hadn't even noticed any strain.

It wasn't as impressive as he'd have wished, of course. It was more of a test than anything. His current idea seemed to work though, allowing for him to extend her range a little bit on the outside of Kyoto. It probably wasn't ever going to be a good enough trick though, because doing that to reach other countries, even neighboring ones? That'd be too much.

It was something though, he supposed.

"Joshua."

"Yeah?"

"Thank you."

"You're welcome."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, we've reached a time for loved ones in the story… And I decided to throw a little bit about characters that haven't had much screen time as of late, like Aika and Issei too, of course. It's always hard to balance when to show those. I know most of them aren't plot relevant at the moment and might not even be in the future, but I feel bad leaving them out entirely.

On a different note, I enjoyed writing this chapter quite a bit, so I hope you all enjoyed reading it.

Random Question: What's your go to option when you're out and have to buy food? Anything with fries works for me. I have a weakness for them.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, kenlon, Mad_Smile2607 and 169 others
Adrian King
Apr 15, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 182 - What if I Make It Right? New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#924
What if I Make It Right?

Joshua looked forward, a smile on his face as he took in the shifting sight. Lights shone, shapes changed and moved, voices and sounds were heard and it all mixed into a show that was worth seeing. Maybe the story was simple, there wasn't much of one at all, honestly, but there was enough substance to it that he felt proud and it showed in his expression.

And the seconds kept passing by and the show continued, which was even more impressive, because it was one thing for a few seconds of things to happen, but they were pushing on a minute by then. He really was impressed. The number of things happening at all times was nothing to scoff at. The level of detail was amazing, very thorough work was put into it all, he could tell.

Eventually though, it had to end, but he was impressed that even that had its own thing going for it. Instead of an abrupt cut off, there was a fade into it. The shapes still visible slowly turned into wispy figures, like they were vanishing into smoke. The voice that could still be heard losing volume as if the entire thing were moving away.

"... So… What do you think?" was the nervous question that followed the entire spectacle.

In response, Joshua just clapped slowly, grin widening even more as he approached her and brought her into a hug. One that ended up with him pulling her up into the air and drawing a giggle out. Wasn't very hard to realize that he was pleased, after all. Still, he decided to go the extra mile because… well, why not, right?

"That was amazing. You've gotten so much better," he praised, making Kunou beam at him so much he wondered if he should wear shades… or use some magic to protect his eyes. "It was beautiful."

"I didn't know what to make the show about though. Was it boring?" she asked, the nervousness breaking through her happiness and pride. He couldn't have that, not at all.

"Storytelling isn't for everyone. You can just take inspiration from other people's tales and such. I do that a lot," Joshua told her, not even having to lie. "But your illusion work was what we're here to judge, isn't it? And I say you did great, so, put a smile back on your face, would you? You look much cuter that way."

"Daaad~" she whined, but her lips betrayed her, pulling up against her will. She could be overly serious still, even after all that time trying to make her act like a proper girl her age. They hadn't quite gotten rid of those remnants yet, but he was very pleased to say that they had certainly made plenty of progress.

Yasaka and him were very happy to know that, that was for sure.

"Now, come on before Koneko eats all the sweets," Joshua said, causing her to squeak and wiggle her way out of his arms. "We can talk while we snack on those," he added, but he was only half heard, if that. Not that he blamed the girl. Yasaka's servants had outdone themselves during those festive days.

"Hey, those are for everyone!" Kunou protested, but the reincarnated nekoshou clearly didn't even think it was worth it to reply to her. Instead, she picked up another treat and brought it to her mouth. "Hey!"

"You should just eat while you can," Ravel pointed out, eating some herself. She wasn't quite devouring everything like Koneko was, but she was very obviously following her own advice. "That was very good work, Miss Davis," the devil added.

Joshua once more noticed and pondered the little Phenex's mastery of the art of using titles. If she called someone something, it was always very deliberately on her part, no matter what she used. She used Mr. Davis with him the most, because she liked to appear professional and wanted to be taken seriously. She used sir when she was feeling a little more nervous and wanted to be as cautious as possible. Most of the time, she called Kunou by her name, but she called her Miss Davis when she wanted to get on the little youkai's good side.

His daughter did so love to be formally acknowledged as his daughter, it seemed.

It was why Yasaka and him had chosen the present they had for her.

Although, it was amusing that she hadn't noticed they hadn't gotten her a Christmas present that year, especially him.

"Thank you," his daughter replied, a little shy when she was reminded of the show she'd just displayed for everyone to see. "I still have a lot to work on."

"Maybe you shouldn't take after your father in the humility department, Miss Davis," Ravel doubled down, making Joshua wonder if she wanted to get something out of Kunou or if she was just feeling charitable… It was probably the former though. "Being humble is fine, being too humble, however, is not."

"I… guess," Kunou mumbled, looking down, but she was pleased and everyone could see that.

"The little miss is so adorable~," Kuroka cooed and Joshua readily agreed with a nod and a proud expression.

"Isn't she?"

"Daaad!"

"Don't upset her, Joshua," Yasaka told him, shaking her head at him, but she was fooling no one. Not that she was trying very hard. "Especially before we give her present to her."

"Present?" the little girl asked, her mind turning one-tracked immediately.

"Yeah, did you think we'd gotten you nothing?" Joshua answered with a raised eyebrow. Then, looking at Yasaka, who nodded, he nodded back before waving his hand and making a single piece of paper appear on the table, careful to avoid the food bits that were scattered here and there. Friday took care of those a moment later, just in case, dutiful and helpful was ever.

"What is this?" Kunou asked, evidently a little confused. When she picked it up though, and after taking a moment to read through the document, she stiffened. "... Really?" she mumbled, seemingly making an effort to keep her hands and her voice steady. She only succeeded on the former though.

"Yup," Joshua answered casually. "We thought it was a good moment to make my position as your father somewhat more official instead of just saying that I am. Guardianship isn't quite the same, but it was a good enough first step, we felt," he explained, smiling softly and trying to squash his nerves as best he could.

Was it enough? Was it too little? Was it too much? He was reasonably certain that the latter was not the case, but still. His brain was being unhelpful and he needed some reassurance. Yasaka had done plenty of that, but Kunou herself saying something would be greatly appreciated.

His answer came with his daughter throwing herself at him and hugging him like her life depended on it. Nothing was said as he wrapped his arms around her and held her. When he felt wet spots on his shirt, he remained silent. And he did too when he saw Yasaka give him a look that clearly transmitted an "I told you so" to him.

Not that he cared.

He was just happy.

[}-o-{]​

[Penemue]

She was taking a risk, but she couldn't afford to do nothing.

Joshua Davis was single-handedly doing more damage to Grigori than the other two of the three Biblical factions had done to it in quite a long time. Not because he was doing a lot of actual damage or killing any of their numbers. In actuality, he was strengthening them, even if they were sure he was doing so with their enemies a lot more.

No, what he was doing was undermining Azazel's authority. The authority that only the Cadre had ever dared to question and speak up against in any considerable manner was now under doubt by even the lowest ranking fallen in their faction. They had questions, opinions, concerns, and they were right. Because the information of what Davis was doing for the devils and Heaven had leaked. Penemue was half sure Davis was behind that somehow, but that wasn't relevant at the moment.

What was relevant was that their people were growing restless and all the blame was being directed at Azazel. Everyone knew he'd made a strong ally turn away from them and focus entirely on their eternal rivals. Not that they were wrong, but knowing that hardly made things any better for Penemue. If anything, it made it all worse.

They needed Davis on their side if they wanted to stand a chance of not being the weakest faction. Which was depressingly ironic, considering they had been the strongest before the human appeared. They had the numbers that Heaven and the devils didn't have. They were weaker, yes, but they could easily win a war against any one side. The only reason they hadn't wiped the other two out was because if Heaven and the devils allied against Grigori, it was mutually assured destruction and everyone knew that.

Now though, the devils were being cured of the growing concern that was the Sleep Disease, nevermind the fact that they had access to more healing power than they knew what to do with. Heaven, for their part, was growing stronger too, with their forces being literally upgraded for ones with more wings. Grigori was falling behind and not even Azazel's increasingly more successful Sacred Gear projects could even the scales if things continued as they were going.

So, something had to be done.

The problem was that Azazel couldn't do anything. If he capitulated to Davis' accusations and tried to do something about the Vali situation, then he'd look weak, nevermind what could happen to the man that he considered his own son. If he didn't though, Davis would continue to grow more hostile, and Penemue had no doubt about that. Because their leader's attempt at spying on Khaos Brigade was not working.

It wasn't working at all.

"You wanted to talk to me," was the first thing Penemue heard when she teleported, breaking her out of her concerned mind. "I have to say, I was not expecting this," Davis added, looking unconcerned as one could be. "Now, be quick, will you? This week is one I wanna spend with family and friends," he told her.

Penemue wondered if he'd deliberately said that to remind her that she was not a friend at the moment. She pushed that thought away with the same steely determination that she ignored the Phenex girl sitting beside the man. She couldn't afford to mess up.

"I'm here to discuss the current standing of our faction with you, Mr. Davis," she started, deciding to do as he asked and get to the point. If she knew one thing about the man, it was that he cared not for the usual empty words of political speech. He wasn't a politician and treating him as one wouldn't earn her any favors.

"That's Lord Davis to you," the Phenex girl said and it was obvious to Penemue that it was her that wanted to smack her down with that and not Davis. The man didn't say anything though, so she guessed the devil was allowed at least that much power in the room.

Just perfect.

All the same…

"Lord Davis," she corrected calmly, pushing down any annoyance she felt. She needed to do this right and this was far from the first time she'd had to put up with something like that. Being a secretary, even if it was for Grigori's Governor, wasn't something that often put her in a position of power over those she interacted with, after all.

"I'm listening," he said and she nodded.

"I know why things are as they are and I can't take back what our faction did to you and yours," she started with, because it was no use trying to say anything other than that on the matter. "I can only say that I'm sorry that it all came to this," she added and she didn't even have to lie about that. "And offer an olive branch, if you'll accept it."

The man looked towards the Phenex girl, but she didn't so much as twitch from where she sat facing Penemue. After a second, Davis turned back towards her too, unreadable blue eyes locking on hers once more. For someone that wasn't a politician, he sure could hold his poker face well when it came to it.

She didn't think she'd ever gotten nothing from his expression.

As if to prove that he wasn't to be underestimated, he straightened the smallest bit more and then unleashed the full might of his presence on her, as if he were flicking a switch. For the first time, Penemue faced that overwhelming weight on her own instead of accompanied by Azazel. Furthermore, all that force was directed at her when it had never been before either.

"As I said," the man said slowly, each word feeling like even more weight was dropped on her shoulders. "I'm listening." 'Don't waste my time,' he didn't say, but Penemue was sure that was implied. She nodded, gulping down her fear and unease. Davis was angry at her faction, but he wasn't unreasonable if he wasn't pushed. He wanted to get the meeting over with, but he wouldn't actually do anything to her so long as she didn't actively antagonize him.

"These," Penemue forced through her lips before a pair of bracelets appeared on the coffee table between her and the Egyptian's Pharaoh. They looked rather simple, but they were anything but and she was sure that he could tell that much with a simple glance. He might be known for his defensive prowess, but Joshua Davis was aware of everything under the eyes of his spells. Or, at least, it was better to work under the assumption that he was, as far as Penemue was concerned. "Are my olive branch," she finished, straightening.

She had to appear sure of what she was saying, even if she wasn't. Not that she thought the offering was inappropriate, but it was never good to assume. Azazel and Penemue herself had run into their fair share of trouble thinking for sure that they'd brought enough to pay a price or a good enough gift. Sometimes, perspectives were everything, but Penemue was confident that she'd gotten a good enough read on Davis to make a good decision in this matter.

"One of your so-called artificial Sacred Gears?" he guessed immediately, the pressure easing the smallest bit. It was still there, of course, but Penemue no longer found it hard to breathe as the man regarded what she'd brought. He tilted his head and reached for it, taking it and inspecting it like a jewel seller would a diamond. All the while, the Phenex still stared at her.

Penemue would have assumed she was a statue, if it weren't for the occasional blinking.

"What does it do?" Davis asked, but she was fairly sure that if he didn't know already, he suspected. She was of the opinion that if he wasn't an equal to Azazel and Ajuka Beelzebub and other such minds, then he was the closest thing. And wasn't that terrifying, for someone that had been in their world for less than two years?

On top of that, he was also unbothered by politics, unlike the two aforementioned examples.

A free, unfathomable mind.

"Defense," she said, almost choking out the words. It wouldn't do to freeze up, she reminded herself, pushing aside thoughts of how frightening the man across from her was. It was easy to forget, considering his general demeanor, but she couldn't afford to. She couldn't let that affect her, however. "The user can create barriers up to a certain distance from themselves. Barriers strong enough to stop a Longinus Balance Breaker if necessary. That was tested," she explained simply.

"Tested by Divine Dividing?" Davis asked her, an ice-cold smile on his face and no belief in her words whatsoever in his voice. "I guess you're not stupid enough to come to my house and lie to my face though," he added, his expression relaxing as he looked back at the bracelets. "Why'd you choose them?"

"Because the reason you have a problem with us is that we put your loved ones in danger," she said, almost wanting to blurt it all out as fast as possible. Reminding him of that couldn't be good, but she needed to do it anyway. Azazel better be grateful, if her idea worked. "So, maybe we can make up for it the smallest bit by giving you something to help protect them… or help them protect themselves," Penemue explained and she really didn't like the way the man stared at her after she said that.

Once more, he was giving her nothing at all to work with. Not only that, but Penemue was also under what felt like the whole scrutiny of an entire pantheon and more. Davis' spells and Egypt itself were looking at her and she could only hope that she wouldn't be found wanting. Because she knew that if he decided to do so, he could have her dead and not just because she was in his home by herself.

Few people in the world could say they were safe when faced with a man as skilled as Joshua Davis. After all, everyone relied on defenses to form their power bases. But those same power bases were what Davis could take, twist and ultimately turn against one. The one place where everyone was supposed to be at their strongest, Davis could transform in the place where one was at their weakest.

"I commend the initiative," Davis told her, slowly letting the pressure go and going back to being "just a man". Not that Penemue would ever let herself be fooled by that, but it certainly helped ease her nerves. "And I appreciate the gift."

"But…" she said warily, because that was implied in the way he spoke.

"But I have to tell you, if this comes with a string in the shape of Vali Lucifer's safety, then I won't accept it," Davis told her flatly and she almost deflated. That was not ideal, at all. Vali was Azazel's son in all but name. Alas…

"It does not," Penemue reassured the man.

Because if it came to a choice between Vali Lucifer and Grigori, she knew what she'd pick, whether Azazel liked it or not.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"Do you like it?" he asked, looking at the barriers Kunou was setting up to test her new Sacred Gear. The thing was much safer than Incinerate Anthem, that was for sure. Nothing against the flame artifact, but it was a little too destructive despite how "innocently" it acted. Besides, this time it didn't have any potentially problematic politics in place. As it was, Heaven and the Church were a bit iffy with Raynare, but since she was officially part of "his faction" then it was much better than giving Incinerate Anthem to a leader or heir of some other faction like the Youkai. These new little artifact was much less problematic to give away, fortunately.

"It's fun," Kunou answered, which was kind of funny on its own, because she did so with the most reluctant tone ever. "I wonder if I can use this with illusions. Make some illusions feel solid by placing a barrier under them. Maybe that'll confuse people?" the girl continued then and Joshua had hardly ever been that proud of her, because that was kind of the first thought that crossed his mind when he'd come up with the idea of giving her the artificial Sacred Gear.

"You're your father's daughter alright," Kuroka commented somewhere between her usual playful voice and some more wry.

"Isn't she great?" Joshua said, ignoring the fact that she hadn't quite meant it as a compliment, at least not entirely. Kunou and him took it as such though and he was very happy to see that. "You can work on that from now on, then. New project after your last one, huh?" he asked with a grin that Kunou matched. "You'll have to remember to be nice to the Fallen if you see them when they come for a meeting though."

"... Do I have to though?" she asked, giving him a pouting, pleading look that almost made him fold like a cheap suit. Unfortunately for her, he was getting used to her kit fox eyes. That and this was something he couldn't quite budge on if he didn't want to annoy important people, mainly Yasaka though.

'They've almost got me thinking politically already. These people are a terrible influence,' he thought to himself, lamenting the fact that he was probably going to fall to the political side of the Force. Maybe they had cookies too?

"At least polite and at least with Penemue. Azazel's an asshole anyway."

"Joshua!" Yasaka hissed at him, but he grinned unrepentantly. He'd fight against politics tooth and nail, even if the world was intent on turning him. And he'd be damned if he left Kunou alone with the political sharks either. He loved his daughter too much to let her face that fate. "Why must you be so…?"

"It's part of my charm."

"It's really not," the youkai leader told him, sighing wearily. All the same though, she gave him a smile a moment later. "Although, I guess I have to love that part of you too, don't I?"

"Sorry, you really have only yourself to blame. Should have realized it was a bad idea when you saw how oblivious I was," Joshua told her with a very mock sympathetic expression. "Now you're stuck with me for the foreseeable future."

"If I must," she mock lamented and he grinned at her, getting a fondly exasperated smile back. "Try not to corrupt my daughter too much with your unsophisticated ways, will you?"

"No promises," he replied without hesitation. "I'm contractually obligated to make sure she's happy and I can't let her give up having fun if I want that to happen."

"She can have fun without causing interfaction incidents, Joshua."

"Can she though? Can she really?" he asked, acting like he very much doubted that. Not that it was much of a lie really. People were so stiff with that nonsense.

How the tables turned though, because he could easily remember a time in which he'd had to put up with much of that same nonsense. He'd been too weak, without the power, connections and knowledge he had by then. Joshua was no longer that man trying not to be noticed. Now he was much freer and he could afford to be comfortable. He'd really rather not have to go back to those days, if at all possible.

Kunou's giggle was all that he needed to know that he was doing well.

Yasaka's smile too, for that matter. She wasn't happy with his methods, but she was happy that Kunou was happy. That was all that either of them could wish for, really. Still though, he guessed it wouldn't do for Kunou to put herself in danger, but she knew when to be Joshua-like and when to be Yasaka-like.

Although…

"Besides, on the off chance that I teach her too much of the wrong stuff, I'm sure Ravel will steer her back to the path she needs to tread."

"Have fun, but properly?" the little devil asked, looking up from where she'd been scowling at the notepad in her hands. Apparently, there was some scheduling issue she had to wrack her demonic brain through. "I can do that, Mr. Davis."

"Are you ever going to call me Joshua?"

"Maybe, Mr. Davis, maybe."

"I'm alone in a sea of stuffy people. What did I ever do to deserve this?"

"Hey!" Serafall protested and he hadn't thought she could hear him all the way across the room where she'd actually been having a calm conversation with her sister for once. Apparently, the festivities were miraculous enough to prevent Sona from being teased… much.

"Except you, Sera!"

"That's not nearly as good a save as you think it is, Josh!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Grigori is finally trying to get out of the dog house, apparently. Or Penemue is trying to get it out, at least. We shall see how successful she is with Azazel doing Azazel things in the meantime.

We also get some more festivities out of the way, of course.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: How was your weekend? Mine was… better than the last one, but still kind of exhausting.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, Mad_Smile2607 and 182 others
Adrian King
Apr 22, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 183 - I’ll Always Watch You Grow
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#933
I'll Always Watch You Grow

[Margalo]

She loved festive days, especially what Joshua called Christmas and New Year's.

Margalo wasn't very sure what those were all about, but she loved that the entire family gathered together or at least dropped by often those days. Everyone they knew and liked came around and she liked that. Well, there'd been some unpleasant sights, like the bad winged one, similar to Eager, as Nagini called the one who now partnered with the Flame. Those aside though, most of the people that came around to visit were nice.

Most importantly though, Margalo loved those days because she got to sing a whole lot more and everyone seemed to like her songs plenty more than usual, which was already saying something. Everyone just seemed happy and she liked that too. The very air seemed to be so filled with joy that she wanted to sing more and then they'd be happier and then…

Well, the idea was simple, really.

So, Margalo loved festive days.

"Having a good time, are we?" Joshua asked her when she perched herself on his shoulder and trilled some notes. She just doubled down at his words and it was more than answer enough, evidently. "I'm glad to hear it and you," her father told her and she nuzzled against his cheek, being careful with her beak. Not many liked to be poked, after all. "Was Kunou doing her homework?" he asked her and she chirped something and nodded.

Just like her sister had told her to.

"Lying isn't nice, Margalo," Joshua told her and she shrunk. She knew that already. But Kunou would be upset if she told Joshua that she was working on spells like he usually did instead of doing what the boring people told her to. Apparently though, that was good for her, so Margalo wasn't sure what to do… "It's fine. I'll let her get away with that for a bit. Festive spirit and all that, right?" he told her and she perked up right away. That sounded much better. "I know she doesn't like to study, but she needs it though, so don't cover for her, would you?"

She nodded, chirping apologetically.

"I know, I know. You're too nice for your own good," Joshua commented, patting her and making her rub her head against his fingers. "Don't tell Nagini, but I wish you could be a little like her, a little colder," he added, although it was odd that he said that, because he was definitely loud enough for the snake to hear him. This was further proven by the fact that her sister preened, very obviously pleased. "Don't be grumpy like her though."

Nagini also heard that, if the resulting hiss was anything to go by.

All the same, Margalo nodded.

"I knew you were my favorite for a reason," he said and the reactions were fairly funny. Friday was instantly staring right at them. Nagini hissed louder and Morag pulled back, clicking her mandibles. Cheshire was the calmest, simply staring at him, unimpressed. "Absolutely adorable," Joshua added, apparently unconcerned by the looks he was getting.

"You shouldn't do that, Joshua~ That's mean~" the Curious Cat said, playful as always as she moved around Joshua with her wide grin. It was nice to see her animated again, but Margalo mostly hoped she'd learned her lesson. Joshua had been very upset when she'd poked at him too much and she'd been very afraid afterwards too. Margalo wasn't a fan of either of those things.

"They could do with a little humbling from time to time, is all I'll say," Joshua replied with a grin. Margalo was pleased to see that. Always nice to see people she liked smiling. "But I guess that's fair. Especially to Friday. I didn't mean that, girl," he added, looking up and closing his eyes before his emotions washed over the connection he shared with Margalo and her sisters, especially with Friday though, as he'd said, the living magic swirling around them like she always did when she was happy, kind of like how Margalo liked to do little tricks sometimes when she was excited.

Every single one of her sisters – with the exception of Kunou, who wasn't present but also didn't share the same connection they did – took a moment to enjoy their father's presence. His magic touched theirs, covering them like the warm light of the sun on a cold day. And then in the strength of that single, calm, safe, peaceful moment, it happened.

Joshua's magic touched theirs a little too much. Their connection was leaned on just enough. And their presence, full and solid as it had been, always linked to Joshua, was pushed. It was subtler than the other times. Where before it had been like the world exploded with them in a single dramatic moment, instead Margalo felt like she was being snapped from a half-asleep moment.

She was there, just fine and then something nudged her, shifting her entire perception of everything.

Her magic snapped, from perching idly to soaring. Morag's magic snapped, like jumping forward when something landed on her web. Nagini's magic snapped, from coiled to plunging. Cheshire's magic snapped, like throwing itself at prey after crouching for long enough.

And their magic, their souls, sung their songs for all to hear. Margalo heard it so loud, so clear, unlike anything she'd ever heard. It was so new, but so, so very beautiful. The melody of her family, the music of her sisters, the song of her father, all mixing themselves together to create… more.

… To make them more.

And as the seconds passed, Margalo felt bigger, faster, stronger, more. No matter how many times she went through it, she'd never get used to feeling herself be a different bird than she'd been before. She was Margalo, but not the Margalo she'd been mere seconds – or was it minutes? – before. She was something else, someone else, but through it all, her father remained the same.

And that's what mattered, she supposed.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"I was not expecting that," he commented, still getting his bearings. At least his familiars evolving hadn't knocked him out or almost done so. In a way though, all his preparation to be able to feed those transformations without them overwhelming him worked against him though, funnily enough. Because all the other times, there'd been so much exhaustion that he could barely focus through the whole thing.

Either that, or it'd been just the one or two evolutions, which was very different from what happened then and there. After all, all his familiars – sans Friday, unsurprisingly – had decided it was time to take a sledgehammer to his brain through their connection. That wasn't quite an appropriate analogy, but it was close enough. Their changes send so much sensory feedback through the link that he was overwhelmed, no two ways about it.

"You okay, Josh?" Jeanne asked him. It was a testament to how out of it he'd been through the whole process that he hadn't realized she was by his side and holding him up until that very moment. "Come on, let's get you a seat, alright?" she added when he didn't reply and he managed to nod weakly.

Even after the process ended, the changes that all the bonds had underwent was still shocking him. It was like there was a chunk of his own mind that he didn't recognize. Emotions, thoughts, senses, all of it was right there, just like it had before, but it was all different. Like someone had changed the entire format of a document to the point that it looked like a different thing even though the text remained the same.

"Well, this is certainly something, Joshua," Jeanne commented then. Finally having enough presence of mind to look at her, he noticed the amused expression with which his sister looked off towards where his familiars were. Taking a deep breath in to steady his mind, he looked at them himself and… 'Well, that's something,' he thought, blinking repeatedly.

Nagini didn't look that much different. She was bigger than before, but otherwise she still looked like a big, menacing snake. The only other change he could point out, although it was with some doubt, was on her eyes. He could have sworn they looked even more disturbing than they already did before, and that was saying something.

[Nagini

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Basilisk

Gender: Female

Strength: S-

Speed: A

Dexterity: A

Vitality: S-

Perception: S-

Magic: A

Life: A+]

He read over the screen for a long moment, pausing at the species before a smile tugged at his lips. That wasn't too surprising, he supposed. It was actually kind of what he'd expected, having checked through familiar and magical creature books for plenty of reasons. One of those reasons being for the sake of knowing what went on when his familiars changed, of course.

Idly, he went for the next one, big, but not that much bigger than before, unlike Nagini.

[Cheshire

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: White Tiger

Gender: Female

Strength: A

Speed: S-

Dexterity: S-

Vitality: A

Perception: S-

Magic: A

Life: A+]

White Tiger wasn't all that descriptive and it might almost be misleading. However, he knew what it really meant. Much like how Tsuchigumo was translated into Earth Spider for Morag before, now the System had translated Cheshire's race to White Tiger from Byakko. 'You look majestic, girl,' he praised, getting a pleased purr from the massive feline.

Then came those that changed noticeably more, however.

[Margalo

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Bird of Harmony

Gender: Female

Strength: A

Speed: S-

Dexterity: A+

Vitality: A

Perception: A+

Magic: S-

Life: A+]

Was it a downgrade that her feathers had gone from dark to golden and now silver? Maybe, but Joshua didn't think so. To him, this looked even more impressive. There was a tinge of something otherworldly there. The shine of the light on the almost metallic feathers gave the bird an ethereal presence, or so it looked like to Joshua.

And then she perched herself by his side and sang.

And it was like the world changed just with the presence of the music. Every color seemed more vibrant, his blood seemed to sing along with his familiar and his mind was cleared and soothed like few times before. It was… a lot, but certainly not unpleasant.

And then…

The one familiar that had actually gotten smaller instead of bigger.

"Daddy?"

[Morag

Title: Familiar of Joshua Davis

Race: Woman Spider

Gender: Female

Strength: A

Speed: S-

Dexterity: S-

Vitality: A

Perception: A

Magic: S-

Life: A+]

'Jorogumo,' Joshua translated in his mind, looking at the half spider, half girl that Morag had turned into. She was smaller than before, shorter than him by a lot and even shorter than Kunou if she'd been around. Absently, almost on instinct, he made one of his daughter's shirts appear over Morag's form. She shifted, clearly uncomfortable, but it'd have to do for the moment. Good thing she was smaller than Kunou too, because it meant that a shirt was enough to cover her completely until they found a better solution to the new dilemma.

"Hey, Morag," he replied, a smile tugging at his lips while she moved towards him and God was it odd to see her in this new form. It was more than any of his familiars had changed, ever. Hell, he hadn't even known they could change into anything even remotely humanoid. But there Morag was, he supposed, ready to prove that he could still be surprised, no matter what. "Didn't want to be outdone by your sisters, huh?"

"No," the eight-eyed girl replied, beaming at him and he found himself grinning right back at her. "Do you like it? It's kind of odd, but I like it," she commented, spinning around where she stood as if to show off her new body.

And Joshua chuckled, reaching out and pushing some of her short black hair – where did that come from? – away from her eight eyes before replying.

"I love it," he said, because what else could he possibly respond to that with?

[}-o-{]​

"Is this weird or is it just me?" Joshua asked, watching as Kunou talked animatedly with the newly evolved Morag. The rest of his familiars had arranged themselves around them too, but it was mostly those two's show. "I know they see me sort of as a father figure, but it feels… different, you know? A father figure, but not really, if that makes any sense. Except now there's Morag."

"I think I get it," Yasaka replied, taking a sip from her cup of tea while keeping her eyes on the group together with him. "Is it bad weird or good weird though, as Kunou would say?" she asked and he considered that for a moment. There was no doubt in his mind though.

"Definitely not bad, but it's… just weird for now. I'm sure I'll get used to it. It's just…"

"A drastic shift in how you saw your relationship with them, with Morag," Yasaka finished for him like the smart, people savvy person that she was. "Well, at least someone's got a clear idea of what their opinion is, so there's that."

"You don't say," he mumbled, his lips pulling up into a wry smile. Kunou seemed fairly enthusiastic about the new development, that was for sure. "She never did mention wanting siblings, right? I think I'd remember that," he commented, leaning back and taking a sip from his own beverage.

"I think that, just like you knew your relationship with them was parent-child of a sort, she saw them as a sibling bond of a sort too. She's just got a much clearer take on what she thinks of this shift. Understandable, since it's much easier to adopt siblings, I'd say," Yasaka explained, ever the voice of reason and sensibility. He hummed and nodded, letting out a breath as if that'd clear his head. It didn't, but he didn't expect it to. So, he turned back to his tea, every trustworthy- "Also, she might not have mentioned it to you, but she's mentioned it to me a few times."

He choked.

"You do that… on purpose," he accused in between coughs and Yasaka's innocent expression fooled absolutely no one. She had to know that much, he was sure. "Why am I just hearing about this?"

"Because these conversations happened before you even became a part of our lives. I think she's happy as is, especially now that she has a more… official sibling, as it were," Yasaka said calmly and he looked at his daughter… Daughters? Kunou had pulled the cards from Project Duel, actually. "Besides, I think I'd like to wait, at least until danger passes. Wouldn't you?"

"... Sounds good," he replied slowly. It wasn't that he was unsure of his answer though. He definitely didn't want to be more worried with Khaos Brigade around and the danger they represented to literally everyone. However, he hadn't woken up that day ready for that kind of conversation, that was for sure.

Then again, he didn't know what could have prepared him for it.

"You might want to consider what you'll do with Serafall and Gabriel though, reached that point. They might get jealous," Yasaka commented and he was fairly sure that she was teasing him, at least partially. The previous jab at him had been enough to put him on guard though…

Who was he fooling? It was working, and it was working a lot.

"We'll cross that bridge when we get to it, I guess," he mumbled, taking a deep breath in. "Besides, you don't know that," he continued, even though he was sure that if anyone did know that, that'd be Yasaka. "I'd have to talk with Serafall and-"

"Talk with me about what?" someone said and Joshua almost jumped. Evidently, Friday and him had been too distracted to notice her arrival, mainly because they were used to kind of ignoring familiar presences like hers, for the most part. "Oh wow, they evolved again?"

"And Morag called me Daddy," he answered, grimacing as he did so. He really meant it when he said that it was a bad kind of weird, but it was certainly weird. He still remembered Morag when she was a tiny spider that could fit in his palm. On that note, he still remembered when she'd been the tiny spider that the Hunter was going to use to kill him.

"Awkward~," the Satan commented, eyes locked on the group of familiars.

"You're telling me-"

"I definitely want one in the future though, just saying," she added immediately and Joshua was grateful that he hadn't been drinking tea that time. Instead, he just stared at her. "What?"

"Nothing," he answered, eye twitching. "You finished what you had to do early, huh?"

"Yasaka sent me a message," Serafall explained with, beaming at him and he blinked before turning towards the aforementioned youkai leader. In turn, the woman just shrugged.

"Well, this was an important moment, wasn't it? I felt like she needed to be here. I sent a message to Gabriel too. She said she'd come as soon as she could," she told him and he nodded slowly. She was right, of course. He wasn't even going to argue that, because it'd be stupid and likely insensitive. Hell, he probably should have sent those messages himself.

In his defense though, he was still kind of recovering from the whole ordeal and wrapping his mind around it.

Still, looking at the gathering of his children, much more solidly called that this time, he smiled. He reached through the bond and looked deeper into them. Why hadn't he noticed how childish they could be? All of them, not only Morag and Margalo. Probably because Cheshire and Nagini could be fairly precocious, he supposed, but they still had their moments of showing their true colors, as it were.

And considering those, all the little moments and what he was seeing in front of him…

"Yeah, I think I can agree to a few more of those," he commented, a warm smile tugging at his lips, and it was the two women's time to turn towards him with wide eyes. At that moment, he kind of understood the appeal for taking your partner off guard.

[}-o-{]​

"When you're not spell tinkering, you just go all out in order not to be boring, huh?" Sairaorg commented and Joshua just stared at him. "Like, damn, man. Nobody's challenging you here or anything. Relax," his friend continued, as if his expression weren't telling him enough about what he thought of his attempt at "humor".

Why was he friends with the musclehead again?

'I need more male friends,' Joshua thought to himself once he actually stopped to think about it. After all, who even actually was there in the list? Sairaorg, Issei… and Yuto, maybe? He didn't feel like he actually counted. His male Stars, maybe? Better than Yuto, he supposed, but he wasn't sure he'd call them friends.

Or was that his socially challenged self speaking?

"Don't look at me like that. You do realize that people don't normally have this many kids at your age, right?" Sairaorg asked him, eyebrows raised and an amused smile on his face. "You have a problem, man."

"I happen to find it endearing, Mr. Bael," someone called from the women's table and he'd have expected that from Yasaka, or maybe Serafall if it came out more playful and teasing. As it turned out though, it had been Gabriel the one to say that. The angel had been in a great mood ever since his familiars had had a chat with her when she arrived. He'd only heard part of that conversation since he'd been talking with Serafall at the time, but he hadn't caught anything that'd guarantee the change in attitude.

Maybe he'd find out later?

"Can I climb on you?" Morag asked Sairaorg, having gotten closer to the devil at some point. She then proceeded to look up at him with eight eyes that had no business being that adorable. No offense to his arachnid daughter, but Joshua was sure nobody expected those to look anything other than creepy or unnerving. Yet there she was, about as effective as Kunou herself.

… One day, those two would work together and discover how good teamwork could be.

Hopefully Joshua would have some back up when that happened, or he'd be screwed.

"Sure," Sairaorg answered, apparently unsure of how to proceed now that he had a child's attention on him. The big guy didn't have to do much though, simply standing there while Morag got on his back and peeked over his shoulder in a matter of a second.

"You're so tall~" Joshua's familiar mumbled, looking around with all her many eyes wide. He wondered if she was acting though, because she definitely got higher views when she climbed on Nagini, at least when the snake positioned her body more straight up.

"Me too!" Kunou exclaimed, getting up and going up to Sairaorg, raising her arms. A little unsure, the devil picked her up and set her on his free shoulder. "You are tall," she confirmed, looking around as if the world were completely different from up there.

"Well, you're officially the family jungle gym, buddy," Joshua commented, happy to be on the teasing side that time. "How's it feel?" he added, grinning even wider when Margalo flew up to his friend and perched herself on his arm when Sairaorg offered it.

"It's… odd?" the devil answered, unsure but not seeming uncomfortable. "Does this make me the cool uncle?"

"Well, they need someone cool. Who else do they have? Me? Jeanne?"

"Hey!"

"Good point," Sairaorg replied with a nod.

"Hey!"

"Keep it up and maybe you'll be their godfather," Joshua added, grin still in place. Somehow, that seemed to make the man happy though, so he made a mental note to discuss things with his partners. Maybe they could make that semi-official too.

"One thing though. I'm pulling the best friend card here, by the way."

"Ok? Did you need something?" Joshua asked, eyes widening a bit. He'd thought the guy came by for a visit. Sairaorg – and his peerage, even if those weren't there that day – had come to their home to visit a bunch of times those days, aware that it was an important time for Joshua. So, he hadn't been that surprised when he dropped by, but maybe he had an actual reason for dropping by?

"You can't, under any circumstances, tell my mother about this or let her see me like this," Sairaorg said, utmost seriousness in his voice and Joshua cracked up. "It's not a laughing matter, Joshua!"

"She woke up grandbaby crazy, huh? That's certainly… a problem to have," Joshua replied in between laughs. He'd heard that she constantly asked how Sairaorg's life had been while she was asleep, about girlfriends and such, but that was new information. He was definitely going to be bringing that up later.

That was prime teasing material, after all.

"I'm serious. Do you know how insistent she is? I'm happy to have her back, of course, but I could really do without that, I tell you," Sairaorg said, sighing even as he absently scratched the side of Margalo's neck. She was liking that too, if the way she wiggled her body was any indication.

"I'll do my best, I guess," Joshua replied, apparently reassuring his friend. The devil shouldn't have been so relieved though, because he was definitely going to keep that in mind in case he needed to get back at him at some point. A few words to Misla and Sairaorg would know not to cross him.

A good magician was always prepared, after all, and his friend should know that better than most.

"You don't have many male friends, do you~?" Kuroka asked, having gotten right behind him at some point. Her leaning over his shoulder was a bit much, but not enough for him to say something on the matter. Instead, he just chuckled.

"I was thinking the same thing before, actually," he answered with a wry smile. "I really do need more male friends."

"I can help with that~!" Serafall exclaimed, standing up where she was with Yasaka and Gabriel and raising her hand up in the air like an overexcited student in a classroom.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Character uses free will!

It's super effective!

Adrian fainted!

Muse uses cackle!

And… yeah, more or less that's how it went while I was writing this chapter, not gonna lie. This is not how I thought this would go, at all. But then again, that's hardly new, is it? So… Surprise?

I hope you guys enjoyed my characters' and the Muse's bout of madness.

Random Question: Do you think Friday will have her own evolution? What do you think it would be?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, kenlon, Panicbox13 and 178 others
Adrian King
Apr 29, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 184 - You Were Always Hard To Hold
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
May 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#944
You Were Always Hard To Hold

[Joshua Davis]

"Should I be concerned?" Joshua asked, looking at Morag.

Or, more specifically, the effect she had on Yasaka's servants.

Something that hadn't come to mind until that very day was that his arachnid familiar/daughter was now a youkai. As such, whatever change he felt had happened in their relationship with the latest evolution and how his familiars really saw him and behaved… It went all the more for other people looking from outside in. After all, for all the world around, he went from having monsters as his familiars to having something humanoid.

It made all the difference for some people, if the reactions he'd seen so far were anything to go by.

Furthermore, it wasn't even just Morag. Cheshire was making and was going to be making waves all around. She was a byakko and that was not an insignificant matter. Byakko were rare, exceedingly so. Furthermore, there was a higher byakko, the Byakko, to take into account. Just like gorgons had the original three sisters, all byakko had the original White Tiger. A creature so strong that it was worshipped like a god. There was even a clan of people dedicated exclusively to him and managing to create such a connection that the Sacred Gear that was made from the original beast was passed through their clan instead of randomly.

The name of that clan was Shinra and Yasaka expected they could be a problem. It wasn't guaranteed, but there was a non-zero chance that the Shinra Clan would take offense to Cheshire, no matter how he tried to explain it. That'd suck, because Joshua would rather not have to pull an Itachi and wipe out the entire clan.

Mostly because Tsubaki Shinra was Sona's Queen.

That could make things awkward.

"Hm, not really," Yasaka answered dismissively. "It'll take people some time getting used to it. It'll be a curiosity. But the same way your bond with your familiars spoke well for you with anyone that knows Senjutsu, it'll work in your favor now. Morag won't be the first humanoid being that becomes a familiar and she won't be the last. It's just that you're a notorious figure and that'll change things. It'll make it more attention grabbing for people."

"Sometimes I miss when I was a nobody," Joshua replied, a weary, exasperated expression on his face. "You know? When I could do whatever and nobody would give a fuck? Good times," he added, sighing and reminiscing about those times.

Then again, those times had their own problems. Mainly that he'd been too weak to really do whatever he wanted. With power had come notoriety and… Well, it was one or the other in the world they lived in, it seemed. Joshua didn't regret becoming strong, but he did wish it didn't come with so many strings attached.

Sometimes he did ponder on the merits of just fucking off and becoming a hermit, but his family wouldn't be happy with that. So, he'd endure. Even with as much as he hated politics and dealing with people, he loved his family more. Nothing he could do about it, he supposed.

"I'll take your word for it," Yasaka commented and he wondered if she'd never known a moment in which she wasn't in the middle of it all. She hadn't always been the youkai leader that she was, of course, but what had she been before that? Before Joshua could ask about that though, she continued. "As for the Shinra. I can pull strings to make sure they aren't a problem. They fall under the Shinto pantheon, after all. They'll listen, if not to me, then to our shared higher ups."

"What's up with them anyway? I barely hear anything about them, which is kind of odd, considering…" he asked, trailing off at the end of his explanation, waving his hand vaguely in the air. The Shinto pantheon was mentioned here and there, but they never really did anything. Joshua wondered if they were kind of like shut-ins like the Egyptians, but since the Egyptian pantheon was considered an oddity, he guessed it was something else.

Also, his patrons didn't seem to appreciate the – very accurate, in his opinion – shut-in comparison and they let him know through their connection.

"They tend to leave us, lesser branches to our devices unless they don't think we can deal with something and that something involves other factions," Yasaka explained, bringing her cup of tea to her lips for a sip before continuing. "For the most part, they keep the higher echelons of divinity, talking with other top tier pantheons like the Greek, the Norse and so on."

'Hm, something to keep in mind,' Joshua mused to himself as he nodded, glancing towards Morag again. She was still growing used to her new self, but she seemed a fair bit more chipper than she'd been before. Kind of like Margalo, he supposed. There was no doubt that it was because of the change, but he wondered if it was a physical thing, affecting how she perceived the world, or a change in what she could do now.

"Good to know, I guess," he commented out loud after a moment. He knew the Norse and Greek were kind of important in canon DxD, but he couldn't find a good excuse to meet with them just yet. He could make up something, of course, but… He didn't really see the point. He could try to convince them to join their little alliance, but he didn't know if he had enough to offer them so as to not end up under their thumb in some way.

He'd take a wait and see approach in that regard, for the moment.

Maybe that'd change eventually, but Joshua had enough on his plate as it was. He could try to add new things once he'd cleared a thing or two from his to-do list. As it was, he really didn't need to make his schedule even more of a mess.

[}-o-{]​

[Karin]

"I like you," the arachnid little girl said, beaming up at her like she couldn't be happier to see her. "You're never scared," who was now Morag added, like it was a very important detail.

Karin supposed it was, but she'd never… Well, she'd never thought much about it. The spider had always liked poking at them and Karin had guessed she was looking for a reaction. A Nature magician as she was though, she'd never been scared of creatures nor plants. She could respect them, be surprised by them, be wary of them, but never fear them, and that's exactly what she'd done with Morag and any of Professor Davis' familiars.

"I like you too," she replied hesitantly, unsure of how to approach this new situation. Her teacher's amused but otherwise mysterious gaze wasn't helping her figure out much of anything either and she didn't appreciate that. "I like your dress too," she added, grasping for something to say. "It's beautiful."

"You think so?!" Morag exclaimed, beaming even harder at her. She was entirely too adorable for someone that was part spider, Karin thought to herself. She wondered if those students that had been scared of her would change their minds and regret the error of their ways whenever it was that they saw her for the first time after her change. "I made it myself," the human-spider hybrid said, proudly raising her arms and rotating on her eight legs to show off. "I can make you one, if you want," she offered then and Karin blinked.

She looked at the dress again. It hadn't been a lie that it was beautiful. It was simple in coloration, being pure silk white, but it was far from simple in any other regard. Every thread that made it seemed to have been carefully woven in patterns that ranged from simple to complex all over the entire piece. It looked like it'd cost her all the money she had, and she had plenty after all the work requests she'd received thanks to being one of Professor Davis' Stars.

Karin had a rejection at the tip of her tongue already, if only because she felt like that'd be too much of a gift. However, she stopped immediately when she saw those black, beady and somehow still incredibly adorable eyes looking up at her. It was unfair, so unfair.

"That'd be lovely," she mumbled and Morag let out the cutest cheer ever. At least that seemed to be a good answer as far as her teacher was concerned, considering the pleased smile he was sending her way. As if it'd been a favor that she accepted the likely extremely expensive gift. How would one even go about putting a price on that? Just going by who was making it, the piece of clothing would be laughably out of her budget. And that was without taking into account any special properties the dress might have.

"Thanks," Professor Davis said, and it baffled her to no end. "She's kind of… more childish than she was before," he added, glancing towards Morag, who had apparently moved on and was chattering away at Nagini in a corner of the classroom. Karin caught some bits and pieces that made her think she was discussing ideas for her dress. "I'd appreciate it if you could help her along as she adapts to her new… self."

"Of course, Professor Davis," Meredith said, dutiful apprentice that she was. Although, they were all apprentices now, Karin guessed. She had a hard time wrapping her head around that, actually.

It was one thing to be favored by a magician of Professor Davis' station, but to be his apprentice? That was like… a fantasy, an impossibility, a dream from a world that couldn't be. Yet there they all were, very much living in that irrational reality. The world was crazier than one would think, evidently.

"Great, now, I know the holidays are over, but I didn't see you during them, so…" Professor Davis commented, turning towards his devil secretary and nodding towards them. Did he have some kind of mission for them? What'd that have to do with the holidays though?

"Right," the Phenex said, coughing behind her fist as she stood up and straightened her back to face them. Reflexively, they did the same back to her. She was the one that pulled the strings Professor Davis got his hands on, after all. Everyone knew better than to defy her, since what she said was almost what he said. "Mr. Davis, in all his generosity-," she started, earning an eye roll from the man she spoke for. "-has decided to procure gifts for you, his most impressive and distinguished students, his apprentices," she continued and their eyes widened, looking at each other and then back at Phenex.

Was it possible to kill someone with kindness?

Was this one of Professor Davis' experiments?

Were they all guinea pigs to test if that was possible?

"One item, fit specifically for each of you," Phenex continued and Karin felt a little faint. Was Professor Davis preparing to ask them to sell their souls and give their lives for him? Was that what was going on? Was it all some kind of exceedingly elaborate trap?

Somehow, Karin doubted that and that just made it all the more unnerving.

So, in a bit of a daze, each of them stepped forward when they were called. Artifacts were what they got, a necklace for Meredith, a bracelet for Karin herself, Dion got an earring, George a dagger, Levi a book. All of them were magical, all of them expensive beyond belief. All of them especially so for them, so fitting to their styles, their magics, their preferences.

"You all have made my teaching career much better than it'd likely have been otherwise. These are tokens of my appreciation, nothing more," Professor Davis told them, smiling softly at them as if he were the one that should be grateful. "So, don't try to repay them or anything. These are given with no strings and no expectations. I hope you like them."

If he really meant that, then he was delusional.

How could they accept any of those things and not try to pay him back at least some of it?

Karin shared a look with her fellow students, Stars.

Yes, they were all of the same mind in the matter.

[}-o-{]​

[Raynare]

How unfair.

Raynare had never quite come within Nagini's league, but she had started to feel like she was catching up. Her extra set of wings had worked wonders together with Incinerate Anthem and her work ethic. Her power grew steadily and she couldn't be more pleased.

And then Davis' familiars had evolved and Nagini had gotten away from her again.

She hated that.

As she sparred with the gigantic snake, she felt the difference all the more. It wasn't that they didn't train for it. The familiars worked plenty for their strength and skills, not as much as Raynare but they did. It was entirely too unfair for them to make a jump in strength they had though. She didn't get a powerup like that when she got her extra set of wings.

It wasn't even how much faster and stronger and resistant Nagini had gotten though, it was…

'Fuck,' Raynare cursed in her mind, stopping mid air when the serpent's eyes found her. Golden eyes that had once been a nightmare to go against now were just… impossible to fight against. One glance was all it took to take her out, or almost do so, and it wasn't even at its strongest. Nagini was, after all, pulling her punches so that she wouldn't accidentally kill her with the power of her gaze.

A basilisk, the king of all snakes – queen, in that case, she supposed – and a creature with the power to kill with a look. That power wasn't quite literal, but it was close enough. One look would be enough for most lesser beings. Those that could survive, however, would have to fight tooth and nail, burning through their energy and their life in order to resist the ability.

Raynare herself could resist it, but only just.

On the other hand, she was also pulling her punches, she supposed. She couldn't very well freely use Incinerate Anthem on Davis' familiars. She wasn't that suicidal, after all. Besides, the last thing she wanted to do was risk angering or otherwise displeasing the man that could give her all that she'd ever wanted. No, she needed him happy with her, so that meant looking out for those he loved.

Annoying, but it was what it was.

"You've gotten a lot stronger, huh?" Davis commented, apparently pulling his nose out of his notebooks in this instance. Understandable, since they were still testing what the evolution had done to his familiars, Raynare supposed. Still, she couldn't help but feel envious of that attention. Would she get stronger faster if he were to really focus on her?

'Envy,' she stressed in her own mind. 'Not jealousy, envy.' Not that the difference made it better, but it sounded so, at least to her. Then again… Maybe it didn't, not really.

"Changes seem to follow the same pattern they have so far, from what I can see," the man continued, looking over the length of the snake's body as Nagini all but preened in front of him. "Overall increase of all your stats and a stage of development in your skills with some slight changes. Nothing too distinctive,-" 'Unlike Morag,' Raynare could almost hear, and hadn't that been something. "-but all the same an improvement all around."

'You don't say,' the fallen grumbled in his own mind. How much would she have to train in order to start catching up again? Would the snake evolve again once she got there? It was annoying beyond belief.

"Same for you, Raynare," he continued, catching her off guard.

She was useful, she knew that much. That was why he was open to helping her train, setting up spells and spars. She was a convenient sword to point towards his enemies, his targets. But she was also convenient in the sense that she didn't ask for things. She took what he gave her and was happy with it.

Raynare knew all this, which was why she was surprised that he was looking at her. He'd been very hands off with her so far, after all. She wasn't his friend, much less part of his family. She was his soldier at best and his tool at worst.

Why was he looking at her now?

"Your progress is slowing down though," he pointed out and she felt her heart shrivel. That was all? That was as far as she could get with a new set of wings? She'd feared that might be happening, but she thought it was just her desperation to grow stronger playing tricks on her mind. Surely that wasn't it, right? She'd barely had her wings for a while. Davis' training spells and sparring and the battles couldn't be enough to push her to the limits of her new self already, surely.

And yet, there they were.

"Not too much, not yet, but your limit is coming," Davis continued, as if he weren't driving a stake into her heart. "We have some time still, thankfully," he continued, but he was talking to himself, she realized. He was thinking out loud. She could only hope that his brilliant, terrifying mind would find a solution.

Because he'd look for one, right? He… He didn't need her, but surely she was convenient enough to bother helping. That was what Raynare was determined to make happen, but she wasn't sure how successful she'd been. They'd had many talks about the matter, but none of them had truly reassured her.

"I guess I'll have to take the next step with Project Ascension," he commented and she tried not to look like the annoying youkai child when she was told she could spend more time with her father. "Annoying, but I guess needs must. I'll contact Penemue," he commented and this time his words confused Raynare. What did that mean? Surely he wasn't going to look for someone else, ri- "I'm not risking you being the first subject of the next step. I'll test it on someone else."

'Someone less useful,' Raynare finished for him, barely able to hold back a grin.

Yes, she was going to go places, places where Davis would take her.

[}-o-{]​

[Carmilla Karnstein]

She felt like she'd bargained with powers beyond her comprehension, every, single, time.

Devil's deal didn't even encompass what she considered the agreement she'd struck with Joshua Davis. Because a devil's deal would have screwed her over, but at least she imagined it'd be a done thing once it happened. The kind of devils that made those agreements didn't tend to wait long to show their true colors. More often than not, once the contract was signed, you'd know how badly they were going to ruin you.

Joshua Davis, however, filled Carmilla with the same foreboding feeling that knowing such a deal was struck would, but there was no end to it. Instead, she was left there, with spells that could destroy her faction hovering over her very home and a man coming every so often to strengthen them or place any number of other spells. Some of them were for defense purposes, some of them were… not. The Sword of Damocles hung over her head, set up by Carmilla herself, and she couldn't know when or how it'd fall.

She could only wait and fear.

"Lord Davis says that he'll be ready to strike in a few more visits," the Phenex commented, snapping her out of her terrified state. Not that what she said helped overly much, truthfully. "You should start readying your faction, if you haven't already."

"I have," she said, and she was surprised that she managed to say that without her voice cracking. She should be better than that. She shouldn't be cowering before a human and some devil child. Yet there Carmilla was, trying to keep it together and unsure if she was failing.

How the mighty had fallen.

"Great," the Phenex replied disinterestedly, as if her faction preparing to go to war was less important than whatever it was that she was working on in that notepad of hers. It was an act, Carmilla knew. She'd figured out, once she had enough presence of mind to push her fear to the side, that they'd been playing her all along.

They'd poked at her pride, provoked her with taunts and mockery to get her to agree to what they were doing. Davis wasn't annoyed when she used his title because she offended him somehow, he was annoyed because he didn't like being called by his title. Yet, he made her do it because it worked for their plans. They'd been deliberately insulting so that she'd be more motivated to fight against the Tepes.

Whatever reason they had for all that…

Carmilla kind of had to respect their methods, because they had worked.

It galled her, to be sure. She wanted nothing more than to strangle the both of them with her bare hands and then drain them of all their accursed blood. She was more insulted after she figured that out than by anything they'd done in their little theater play. She hated the both of them with a passion.

Yet, Carmilla hated the Tepes faction even more.

So, she'd have to make do with this infuriating pair. They were her chance. Hell, they were more than that, really. Davis could likely win this war all on his own, after what she'd seen – sensed, more like – him do. His spells loomed over her house like giant monsters, guardians and automatons. His magic permeated the whole place like they were submerged in an ocean of it.

It was comforting, to have such strength protecting her – them –, but it was also completely, absolutely, utterly terrifying.

Another spell washed over her as it was cast and Carmilla stiffened. She'd never get used to that, she knew. Like an ice cold wave washing over her and the burning feeling of the sunlight that got through curtains on her skin rolled into one thing, it was deeply unpleasant toeing the painful line. Yet, through that, there was the barest hint of comfort, like the magic was whispering her reassurances that meant nothing in the wake of its might and presence, like someone telling her everything was fine while pointing a holy sword straight to her heart.

Terrifying, and she'd never not think that, Carmilla knew.

"Was the charade necessary?" she asked, taking a deep breath in to steady herself. Was it a good idea to reveal that she knew? It might not be, but then again, playing stupid was not only deeply insulting and unpleasant, but also didn't really help. At least that way she could regain some of her self-respect and might earn some respect from the two of them too.

Not that she thought she was that lucky.

"Maybe, maybe not," the Phenex replied, apparently not at all surprised that she'd seen through their little act. "We determined that it was the most effective way, so we did it," she added, not quite shrugging, but she could almost hear the gesture in the devil's voice. "Mr. Davis didn't want to risk you turning us down, so he went for what we thought was the best option."

"Mr. Davis, not Lord Davis?" Carmilla asked and the girl smiled, amused.

"He hates the title. He's not a fan of Mr. Davis either, truth be told. He much prefers to be called just Joshua," the Phenex informed her and Carmilla could only blink owlishly at her. "I can't call him that though. It'd be terribly unprofessional of me. You can do it though, if you'd rather. He'd like that."

What in the…?

Carmilla had known they were acting, but she had not known it had reached that extent. Were they anything like they appeared to be? Not knowing that didn't help her feel any better, even though the Phenex painted a much more… friendly picture.

"If you think him being laidback is a weakness though…" the Phenex said, trailing off and grinning in a way that made Carmilla nervous. Somehow though, that was preferable to the very confusing attitude she'd displayed just before. "... I'll make you regret it… so much."

"... Noted."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I've been feeling in a PoV switch mood lately, evidently. Not sure why I ever stopped, honestly. I really enjoy writing different perspectives regarding my stories and my MCs. I guess sometimes I'm just not feeling like it or it might not fit the moment? Or maybe there's more than one Muse possessing my body and they have different preferences.

Who knows? Not me, that's who.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: I've asked this before, but I'll do so again. Any character in particular you'd like to see some of? I know there's too many characters for me to juggle anywhere near well, so it's almost guaranteed that I've either knowingly or unknowingly pushed several of them to the side.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, kenlon, Panicbox13 and 169 others
Adrian King
May 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 185 - ‘Til the Day That We Dreamed Of
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
May 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#958
'Til the Day That We Dreamed Of

[Joshua Davis]

He kept his eyes resolutely on the notebook in front of him.

There was a meeting of their anti-Khaos alliance, but he didn't participate much in those. Never had, truly, but he kept to himself even more ever since Azazel pulled his stunt, even with the odd moments of involvement he had. Not even Penemue's attempt to smooth things over would change that, because even if he was giving her – and Grigori – a chance, the governor was still an asshole, as far as he was concerned.

So, he'd leave dealing with them to the much more experienced partners he had. Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel could get through the meetings without insulting Azazel and that was more than Joshua himself could say for himself. It might have been selfish of him to ask them to be a little kinder, at least to Penemue, but he owed her that for trying to make things better.

It wasn't like he wanted to hate the fallen faction. He just had a problem with their leader. So, when there was an argument to make things easier for them, he wanted to take it. His partners hadn't been as magnanimous, but they'd agreed and he'd made sure to show that he was extra grateful.

Serafall was even beaming as she dealt with Azazel, but then again, she was the one he'd shown his gratitude to the most recently.

Besides all that political – and admittedly fairly personal – business, Joshua did have an actual need to focus on what he was doing. It wasn't just him trying to ignore Azazel and the annoyance he brought with him. He did have a project that needed all his attention, and that was some of the spells he planned on using for the "war" against the Tepes faction.

Although, admittedly, he didn't expect that to be more than a quick, easy skirmish, to be honest. Maybe arrogant of him, but Joshua didn't expect for that to take too long, truthfully. His spells were getting better by the day, even if his magic skills weren't growing in level anymore. Every day, he tweaked the arrays and the spells themselves to improve their effects, make them more efficient or just generally improve their designs, or he'd at least work towards doing so.

There was only so much his self-esteem issues could push back against the overwhelming proof and the opinion of people that couldn't afford to be too biased.

There was some irony in the fact that he was working with information that he'd gotten from Azazel though. Hell, it was even more ironic that the information had come from prodding Vali with his spells, all the way back to when he'd had the chance. Granted, it wasn't that much, since he hadn't been as good back during those days, but it was something he had. Issei had helped fill the voids in that knowledge somewhat, even if Albion and Ddraig were very different, despite being so similar in certain ways.

'That was annoying to find out,' he mused, scowling a little at his notebook before relaxing when Yasaka's life energy washed over him. Right, he couldn't get too annoyed or the fallen would think it was about them. Couldn't have that, unfortunately, even if he'd like to make Azazel squirm. Penemue and him had a deal, sort of, so… Yeah. 'Shame that we can't get away with kicking the guy out of these meetings.'

Back to his tinkering though, there was also the information he'd gotten from the Youkai, the Underworld, Heaven, House of Water and everyone else he could manage to pull strings from, which turned out to be a lot of people. Agnes had reached for him towards the other magician associations. Ravel had navigated a meeting with the Korean faction too, even if he'd had to actually go to validate her. Yasaka had reached Nurarihyon herself, since they didn't expect the guy would be happy to see Joshua.

And with all that, he'd gotten a lot of information regarding dragons. Enough that he imagined he'd have enough to make what he needed to, or so he imagined. He was being optimistic about it.

He didn't remember a lot from deep enough into the DxD story as to remember details like exactly what went down with the vampire factions. However, he remembered Valerie being a thing, the carrier of Sephiroth Graal and childhood friend of Gasper Vladi, or something to that effect. He also remembered something about dragons going down there.

He didn't remember how they came to be, but he had the somewhat solid idea that someone was turned into dragons. Could be the very Tepes vampires themselves, could be the Carmilla vampires being turned against their will, or it could be someone else entirely. He also didn't remember if that was when the bunch of dead Evil Dragons would get revived or not.

For all he knew, those could already be around even if that was the case, since the timeline had been fucked up long ago.

He had a feeling that he'd already know if Khaos had access to that kind of power though.

"See you around, ladies, Joshua," Azazel said at some point, making him glance up and realize that the meeting was over. He really wondered why the fallen governor though acting his usual laidback and friendly self would endear him back with them. Was that his idea of a power move? To show that even if they barely tolerated him for the sake of dealing with a common enemy, he still had not a care in the world? Was that it?

"It's a pleasure to work with you all," Penemue said instead, formal, respectful. Joshua would even go as far as saying that she went too far in the other direction, especially with the ninety degree bow she gave them. All the same, it was much better than her faction leader's attitude, that was for sure.

"See you around," Joshua replief vaguely, waving in their general direction. When Azazel turned around to leave after everyone else said their goodbyes in their own way though, he locked eyes with Penemue and gave her a nod. She returned the gesture with a very slight, pleased but still professional smile.

And then they were gone.

"So… you guys doing anything now?" he asked, leaning back and stretching his arms over his head with a groan. Then he let his arms and shoulders drop before cracking his neck. Maybe he needed a bit of physical training to really get the stiffness off his muscles. Raynare would love that.

"There's another meeting with leaders of the Church," Gabriel commented and he raised his eyebrows at her. It was usually Michael that dealt with the intrafaction matters, after all. Same as Sirzechs with the Devils, really. "I do have to show up at times, especially when we discuss things regarding other factions, such as coordinated raids. We just agreed to do one of those with the fallen," she informed him, a tinge of amusement bleeding into her voice at the last sentence.

Yeah, he'd only been half hearing in case something truly important was said and that hadn't really been part of it. Mostly he just listened to the parts that sounded new, unexpected or something along those lines. Most meetings didn't have a lot of that, which was another reason why he didn't pay all that much attention.

"Hm, speaking of… I should probably-"

"I think you've upgraded our defenses enough, Joshua," Gabriel interrupted, apparently finding him very predictable. Then again, he'd finished with all the bases they'd wanted him to place defenses on a while back. Since then, he'd done three rounds of updates everywhere, but his defenses were never perfect, so he tried to improve them every time, at his home, at Yasaka's, at Kuoh, at the Church bases and everywhere else he could. "You have better things to spend your time doing, Joshua," the angel added, looking at the notebook in his hands.

Not that he disagreed, of course, but he could still juggle doing some other things, and protecting her people was important too-

"Speaking of, anywhere in particular you want to attack?" Serafall asked, looking curiously at him while passing him a few files. The files of Khaos bases they'd located or, at least, whose location they'd narrowed down. "Or are you still feeling awkward?" the devil added and he grimaced, giving her an unimpressed look.

He thought he was fairly justified in feeling awkward about attacking Khaos Brigade bases those days.

It wasn't that he had suddenly developed a conscience that stopped him from murdering the pieces of shit, not at all. As far as he was concerned, any member of Khaos Brigade deserved to die, or otherwise become useful, like the prisoners. Maybe it was hypocritical of him to think that, when he'd allowed the fallen trio to live and let them go – with Raynare as somewhat of an exception –, but they'd earned the second chance, at the very least.

He wasn't going to try and give everyone one of those though. He didn't have the time or the resources to afford doing that. He didn't care enough to try doing that either. Maybe that made him a terrible person, but that was how he saw the situation. A flawed, selfish view of it, but he was fine with that.

He didn't think his reason for being awkward about raids those days was selfish though.

The reason was, as it turned out, Morag and her new evolution.

Because it was one thing to go on a raid with his almost adult sister and his magical beast familiars. It was another to take what was basically someone that seemed to be Kunou's age on one. Hell, she seemed younger than Kunou. So, yeah, Joshua didn't feel comfortable bringing her along, but he also didn't want to leave her out of things either, because that'd just make her feel bad.

"Still hesitating, are you?" Yasaka asked, amused and Joshua's eye twitched. All three of them looked amused, already very aware of his hang ups with going on raids those days. Gabriel seemed to be the only one anywhere close to sympathetic though, and it wasn't even that much.

"We've told you, silly," Serafall said, a giggle somewhere hidden in her voice. "You're allowed to treat her differently. Little Mo-tan is a different girl than she was before. She behaves differently, does things differently, thinks differently. She doesn't just look different," she explained and he knew, intellectually, that she was right. Just like they had all been when they'd given him similar explanations in the past few days already.

Alas, Joshua was still wrapping his head around it. Morag's evolution had brought so many new things to the table and changed so many existing ones that… Well, he thought it wasn't strange or unreasonable for him to be struggling a little bit. He liked to think he was getting there though, maybe, probably.

"I know that, just…"

"Still getting used to the changes?" Gabriel finished for him and he sighed. Resolutely, he kept his eyes away from Cheshire when the feline familiar jumped on top of the table and stared at him in her cat form. Sadly, he couldn't ignore the reproach of Margalo's trilling.

At least Morag and Nagini weren't around, so he thanked his lucky stars for small mercies.

With a sigh, he glanced around without really looking at anyone and then pulled the files on Khaos Brigade bases to skim through them. None of them had anything important, but he could still test things if he was lucky. Who knew? Even if there wasn't anything about Sacred Gear holders that were pieces of shit written in the documents, that didn't mean there wouldn't be one or two anyway.

"No preferences," he finished, looking up at his amused three partners. "You guys have any?" he asked, looking over his shoulder when Fuyuko entered the room with a cup of tea that he really needed.

[}-o-{]​

[Dion Fortune]

She liked to think she'd build a great life for herself.

Dion Fortune was what she'd made for herself. Nothing had been given to her. She'd started from zero and earned everything she had. She found her magic by herself. She'd studied and improved and found connections. She'd joined a magician association on her own merits and on her own merits she'd become one of Joshua Davis' favored students.

Dion couldn't be prouder of herself, but she was far from done.

Because she would never be satisfied. She wanted to be great. Her name would be remembered, her name would be great. So much so, that she would be the one people thought of when Dion Fortune was mentioned and not her… predecessor. Her ambition was that, but also a lot more. She didn't want to be greater than the original Dion Fortune. She wanted to be great in general. She wanted to be up there, next to the likes of Agnes Waterhouse, Elizabeth Báthory and, most importantly, Joshua Davis.

So, she had a lot of work to do, a lot of magic to learn and a lot of power to amass.

She'd never be as magically powerful as those were, obviously. She could never be as skilled as they were, likely. She could definitely, however, try to be as great all the same. And she knew how she'd do it, owing the idea to her master, the one man that had given her the biggest push on her path.

"Thank you for the help, Miss Fortune," her latest client said and she smiled her kindest smile. The man was a parasite of society the likes of which made her sick to be in the same room as, let alone work with. Alas, her ambition was too great for her own good at times. "We owe you a lot more than you've asked for in compensation, however. What you've done for us, this spell, it was a lot better than we asked, than we hoped. Surely we can agree on something better to pay you for all this with."

"That won't be necessary, at all," she replied firmly, but still wearing her friendly mask. Because sickening as the man was in all his greedy, selfish and arrogant glory, Dion had use for him. "Besides, you're a very accomplished magician yourself, I've learned," she said, lying through her teeth. He wasn't terrible, but he was far from what she'd call "accomplished". What he was, however, was well connected and she could use that. Dion, better than anyone, understood the power of connections. "I'm sure I might eventually require the help of someone as skilled as you are, sir," she added, almost grimacing in distaste at having to speak respectfully to the sorry excuse of a man.

Alas, needs must, and not all the people she wanted to collect could be nice.

"You flatter me too much, Miss Fortune," he replied, probably trying to sound humble, but that was the absolute truth, as far as she was concerned. What she wouldn't give to tell him that to his face. It'd have been glorious.

'Patience,' she told herself, keeping her smile in place like a pro. 'You'll get away with that eventually,' she thought, remembering her goal. Because Joshua, her teacher, her master, could get away with insulting everyone in his classes, be them magical geniuses or sons of important people or… anyone, really. She'd get there eventually.

"I'm afraid I must be going, but don't be afraid to reach out if you need anything, sir," Dion said, and then she did her best to run away from the place without actually doing so. Because she needed to make a good impression. She needed to leave her mark and make people owe her. She needed to leave strings wherever she went, just like her master.

Just like her magic helped make webs between magicians to cast better spells, she'd make a web between people to make herself better. That was her goal now, instead of just getting better in general. Because Joshua had shown her that it was possible. Even if he hadn't been as good with magic as he was, his method worked.

Their culture worked in a cycle of exchanges, equivalent ones. And Dion had never thought of abusing that. Giving more than she received, so that people would feel the need to do things for her. Then, it was a matter of keeping them perpetually in your pocket, maybe even using the curried favor to pull other people into the web.

So far, it was working.

Not as well as it had for her master, but that was hardly surprising. Joshua had a lot going for him besides his method. Dion, for her part, didn't. She wasn't as magically talented, nor as lucky or well connected yet. She'd get there, maybe, and that was what mattered.

Besides, if she did a good enough job, maybe she could pay the man back for all that he'd done for her, teaching her, pushing her, inspiring her. Just because she knew the method being used didn't mean she was immune to it. Because magic worked just like their culture, and Dion would hardly be one to insult the ways magic, or the world, worked.

So, the scales would be balanced, or at least she'd do her best to get close to that.

"Long job?" Levi greeted her with when she came back to House of Water. She was a Golden Dawn magician still, officially. Unofficially, nobody that knew her doubted for even a single second that she was, above all else, a Joshua Davis magician. Not a Golden Dawn one, nor a House of Water one. The only one that held her allegiance was her master, and she knew the same went for all her fellow Stars.

"Long job," she confirmed with a nod. "Good book?"

"Good book," Levi replied with an amused smile, looking back at the aforementioned tome in his hands. "Spread more webs?"

"That I did," she answered, taking a deep breath in as she took a seat in front of him on the table of their "classroom", which was more of a… living room with a big conference table on one side, really. "Speaking of, I got a call this morning. Someone might need both of us for an experiment."

"What kind of experiment?" Levi asked, forgetting about the book and eager to get a peek at something new, something exciting.

And maybe people thought she was spreading more webs with her fellow Stars, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Because they weren't threads she'd weaved, no, far from it. As far as Dion was concerned, they were fellow spiders, and sometimes their webs could overlap.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

"You don't have to accompany us to school… or pick us up for that matter," she said, lips pursed as she turned to look at Joshua. In response, he raised an eyebrow at her. "You know that, right?"

"You know, that'd be a lot more effective if I hadn't seen you be absolutely delighted to have me do those things when you started attending here," her brother replied and she felt her face burn with embarrassment.

Sure, she'd liked that back then, because it was nice to have a family member that cared. Her parents had never bothered to take her to school or pick her up ever since they could get away with not doing either. Even when they had, it'd been a vocally reluctant affair that left her being glad when they stopped.

She'd been an embarrassment, after all.

"Silly maiden," the Voices told her.

"Embrace the blessings," another set of them added. "All good things should be appreciated."

'I know that,' she thought to herself, grimacing as a twinge of guilt tied her insides into knots. She shouldn't be embarrassed, she knew. It was just… odd. Few others ever were accompanied to or from school, certainly not as often as she was. It made her feel… odd. She didn't like that. She'd always been odd and she'd hated it.

"Not strange, unique," the Voices said, almost chastising, but mostly reassuring.

She knew that too, but… She blamed her status as a teenager.

It made her stupid.

"I like these walks," Asia said, purity incarnate that she was. "Thanks for taking the time to come, Joshua," she added, beaming in a way that had Jeanne looking for a halo over her head or at least a beam of sunlight focusing on her like a spotlight. "And I know Jeanne likes them too."

Jeanne grumbled something, but nothing with enough effort to actually work as a denial.

Joshua chuckled and she looked away, her cheeks burning once more.

"I like doing this too," their brother replied and she could see his infuriatingly warm smile even without looking at him. He was unfair. Why was he so good? It left Jeanne feeling… inadequate, even without her stupid teenager moments. "I know I don't spend enough time with you, girls, so this makes me feel less guilty."

"Idiot," she grumbled, louder this time. "You are allowed to live your life," she added, and she meant that. Sure, it sucked that her brother was too busy most of the time, but it was what it was. She accepted it and was happy for him… at least when what he was busy with was something he enjoyed, like his tinkering or his relationships.

Although, she did miss the times when it was just the two of them, times in which they'd been all the other had.

Those were some of Jeanne's fondest memories, even if things had gotten better with time. She missed having her brother all to herself, even if he'd felt less like a brother and more like a weird friend/parent combination at the time. She was optimistic though, that maybe, just maybe, they'd be able to have more times like that once things settled down and Khaos Brigade was no longer in the picture.

"Here we are," Joshua commented, but when Jeanne turned, she saw him smiling widely. Maybe her comment had helped his mood some. She liked that thought. Alas, he was also right in what he said. They'd reached the school already and despite her previous complaints, Jeanne wished it had taken longer. "Have fun, alright? I'll try to come pick you up, but-"

""No promises,"" both Jeanne and Asia finished for him, her fondly exasperated and their angelic sister just fondly.

"Look out for one another and if you need someone punched-"

"Tell Yuuto," she finished at the same time that Asia said "Tell Issei". She wondered if either Joshua or the nun realized what it meant that the sort-of ex-pervert was Asia's go to protector the same way her boyfriend was hers.

Then again, for as bad as Issei's reputation had been, the guy had really shaped up under Joshua's wing.

"And tell Rias and Sona that they are still welcome if they wanna drop by. It's been a while since they did so," Joshua commented and Jeanne rolled her eyes. Gremory had never been quite as comfortable going to their place after she got thoroughly child-zoned. Koneko was downright enthusiastic herself and she often did so on her own, but the devil King had to muster the courage every single time.

As for Sona, well… It was rather awkward to visit your sister's boyfriend, Jeanne imagined. God knew she was more than a little uncomfortable at times when she was at Yasaka's… in the past, at least. She'd gotten over it with a lot of exposure and having grown close with the woman. Sona wasn't quite at that stage with Joshua and seemed in no hurry to cover that distance.

Then again, Jeanne figured having a crush on said sister's boyfriend kind of made things more complicated.

She would still do as Joshua said though, if only to see the devils squirm. Jeanne would even exaggerate things a little, just to see how they reacted. Maybe she'd tell them that Joshua was hurt or worried by their continued avoidance.

Yeah, that sounded great.

"Will do," she replied at the same time as Asia hummed and nodded.

She had decidedly less pure intentions than the nun, but who cared about that?

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

A little more world exposure than plot progression, but there was some of that in the chapter too. I swear I'm not making that up, guys! You just gotta look for it! Really look for it.

Ok, so it's not that much, so what? I've written chapters with literally no plot progression before and you're still here, so you don't get to complain at this point… Please don't, I'm fragile.

That aside, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you use a watch? I did for a while keep one my godfather gifted me for years and years until it kind of started falling apart. Then I stopped for a good while. And now my family gifted me a smartwatch a few weeks ago, so I guess this thing is going through the same treatment as my old watch.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, kenlon and 173 others
Adrian King
May 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 186 - Broken Down-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
May 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#969
Broken Down-

[Joshua Davis]

"They are funny to watch," Morag commented, clinging to his back with all her legs and wrapping her arms around his neck as she peeked over his shoulder. "Dramatic," she added, like that was the most amusing thing ever.

And Joshua kind of got it, really. Watching Sona and Rias have a mock Rating Game, one would think they were fighting for their lives. It put into perspective that "Young Devil Tournament" they had gone through. After all, even if they were the future of Devilkind, the younger generation had literal hundreds of years to develop before they even stopped being called young, considering their race.

So, the gathering and all that was involved with that was mostly dramatics and showing off. Nobody actually expected them to do much of a showing, really. Although, this one might have been a special case. Not only because Rias and Sona were siblings of Satans, but also because… Well, the current generation was anything but normal. Rias had quite the peerage even without Issei in it. Sona was developing a Rating Game school that could change devil society. And Sairaorg was a powerhouse nobody wanted to underestimate now. Hell, even the other young devils of their generation were nothing to scoff at, even if they didn't quite reach those three's heights.

"Don't let them hear you say that," he replied with a smile on his face.

It was nice to see those two have fun in their own way, having a good time. It was better than them having the weight of the world on their shoulders like they did in canon DxD. Instead of worrying about Khaos Brigade, they worried about falling behind each other, they worried about normal devil things, they might even worry about regular girl things.

And Joshua was happy to see that, in all honesty, even if he was the one that ended up with Khaos' weight on him. It wasn't like it was their fault, or even like he'd done it for them. He'd ended up where he was for his own reasons, so it was… not fine, but he could hardly blame them or resent them.

It was a nice side effect though, that they had an easier time of things.

"They are very… showy," Kunou commented, momentarily taking a break from her ice cream to throw that comment in. Joshua got where both her and Morag were coming from, really he did. Every move both of the devils made had its theatrical flare, they waved their arms around to look good, not to better control their spells, they called move names when they clearly didn't need to for any mnemonic reason, they had unnecessarily flashy techniques, looking like they were trying to dance more than fight.

However…

"Makes for good entertainment, right? And they don't need to fight the boring way, like we do," he told them and Kunou hummed and nodded. Morag had a harder time understanding, but that wasn't surprising. She was one of those included in his "we", after all.

"I think you guys are a lot cooler when you train," Kunou declared her very honest – and not at all biased, of course – opinion. "Simple, but more… imposing, is that the word?"

"How am I supposed to know?" he answered with, amused and snorting when the girl huffed and turned back forward. Her attention went back to being split between her ice cream and the spar going on in front of them. Although, he could guess what she meant. There was something more decisive to actual fighting. It was not a game, not a show. What it lacked in flashy moves and artistic techniques, it made up for in sheer power and blunt effectiveness.

With conversation over, for the moment, he tilted his head and checked on Friday. The living piece of magic had moved past the clingy phase she'd started on, it seemed, for the most part. She still had her moments, but she was a lot less intense about it. She liked to watch, which he guessed made sense when there wasn't much point in her making use of the other parts of what made her other than the sensory spells.

'Everything alright?' he asked in his mind, through their bond. She paused what she was doing, which was spectating the spar going on with them, and turned her focus towards him. She didn't need to give her full attention to him, or anyone or anything, but she always seemed to when it came to him, his familiars and Kunou. Yasaka, Serafall, Gabriel, Jeanne and Asia seemed to be on a lower step in the ladder of her priorities, it seemed.

Then, Joshua's eyebrows shot up at the response he got. Usually, Friday would just send him some kind of emotion or an impression of something as a response. For example, he expected some excitement if she was having fun with the match or maybe disappointment if she was unimpressed.

However, what he got was something different. It was… a struggle, sort of. It was like she was trying to communicate something to him but all the attempts fell short, fizzled out or broke before they ever reached him. It was like having something almost remembered just out of reach in one's mind. He was sure he'd catch it if he tried and yet… no matter how much he did and how much Friday pushed, whatever it was that she wanted to do didn't get across.

'Everything alright, girl?' he asked and he received a much more normal response from her, if one filled with disappointment and frustration. 'I'm sure you'll get the hang of whatever it is you're trying soon enough,' he reassured and the spell bounced back fairly well. She was still a little bummed, but some words were enough for the moment.

Joshua was happy about that, because if it had been more complex or problematic, he might have failed miserably at dealing with her. She was much too… childlike for him. Kunou was a smart girl that had grown too quickly and Morag was too, if differently. Friday though? She was much younger and thus scared him all the more. If he messed up, after all, it could mark her.

So far though, he'd managed well enough though, he supposed.

Especially considering how now Friday was looking at him and nudging him to do something. It reminded him of Kunou asking for a show or to be taught something cool regarding Illusion magic. So, like the absolute pushover he was, he decided to indulge her.

"Morag, can you get off and stay with Kunou?" he asked, cracking his neck and ruffling the spider girl's hair with a smile. "I'm gonna show that lot how to fight properly," he added, not really meaning what he said. He could appreciate some dramatics once in a while, after all, hypocritical as that was. If he hadn't been motivated enough, the excited looks Kunou and Morag gave him certainly did the trick. "Hey!" he called, flexing his magic and the spells around the place to get the devils' attention. "I'm joining," he added with a smirk.

And if the lot paled at that announcement, it was just amusing to him.

[}-o-{]​

"Joshua is merciless."

"Thanks."

"Wasn't a compliment," Koneko replied, but he just smiled at her. She didn't pout per se, but she did her equivalent of such, pursing her lips and resolutely looking away from him. "Meanie."

"That's me. Biggest meanie this side of the Japan," he said exaggeratedly and jokingly, channeling his inner Domino for a second. Then he chuckled and brought his fresh cup of tea to his lips to take a sip. "And you guys really need to train more seriously because that was…"

"Shut up," Koneko told him dryly while the rest of her fellow peerage members groaned and moaned where they laid on the floor. Koneko was the one that was the most… put together, really. Not only had her Rook piece helped her weather most of the fight, but… Well, Joshua had taken it the smallest bit easier on her.

He was fond of her, sue him.

Besides, Koneko was a great sister figure for Kunou alongside his familiars. Furthermore, she was a more normal one too, which was important. He loved Morag to bits, but she was not what he'd call a well adjusted girl by any means. Evolving from a regular spider to what she was now would do that to someone, he guessed.

So, it was really up to Koneko and Ravel to be good models for the rest of his children to follow. Not that he'd adopted either of them, not really, but still. They'd fallen into a sibling role with Kunou, not him, unlike Jeanne and Asia, so, it was what it was.

"Not their fault they aren't monsters like you, Joshua," Kuroka told them, apparently highly amused. She'd arrived halfway through the spar – massacre, more like, but calling it that was more mean than the beating he'd given them – after she was done with her own training with Raynare, Cheshire and Nagini. It seemed that the black-haired youkai had fun watching them.

"They should try harder," he replied mercilessly. If he was going to be accused of being mean, he might as well act the part. Although, he wasn't even really being so, not really. Sona and Rias really did need to be stronger. It was unreasonable to expect them to be so, but the world didn't care for what was reasonable and what wasn't.

The two needed to be strong if they didn't want to be eaten alive by supernatural society. He'd do his best to help them, of course, nevermind Serafall and Sirzechs, but they could only do so much. Ultimately, Rias and Sona would only have themselves to rely on. Having straightforward strength wasn't the only path, or even the most effective one, but it certainly helped, and a lot.

"Harsh," Kuroka said, but she laughed right after, so he guessed she was more amused than anything. Behind her, walking past, Raynare scoffed. "What's the matter, Ray-Ray?"

"Don't call me that," the fallen hissed. "And they are weaklings, that's all," she said flatly. It was somewhat funny, Joshua thought, that Raynare saw them all like weaklings when they'd thoroughly kicked her ass in canon. Yet, there they were, absolutely way below her league. Raynare could probably kick their asses just as much as Joshua could, considering how much he'd held back.

Then again, she trained like her life depended on it every single day while Sona and Rias played regular school girls and did their own things. In fairness though, they probably had to do special classes for their own things, like Kunou's own ones about politics and all that stuff. Joshua couldn't care less, but he imagined that was the case. So… yeah…

"Speaking of, how'd it go on your side of things?"

"Ray-Ray is still as intense as usual~" Kuroka answered, skipping around the table towards the fridge to get herself a drink. Her chipper attitude apparently drew a whole lot of annoyance from the Gremory and Sitri peerages that were laid out around them and recovering from their training. Joshua was happy to see that Koneko wasn't included in that, although it might have been because she wasn't as beaten up as the rest of them. "It's so difficult to keep up with those three though, can't I just not~?" the youkai asked, pouting and giving him her best kitten cat eyes.

Alas, hers wasn't nearly as effective as Kunou's or Morag's, nevermind those two combined.

"No."

"A meanie, indeed," Kuroka replied with a huff. She hadn't really been trying though. She'd earned herself a lot of goodwill with her help during the Kyoto attack, after all, but she stayed, she helped, she trained. She even insisted on that herself from time to time, even if it was rare.

Joshua wouldn't have cared if she ditched everything and went on to live her life. He'd even help her shrug off whatever issue the devils might still have with her too, considering Serafall and Sirzechs were still keeping her in bureaucratic limbo, as far as the world was concerned. He would have even helped her with Koneko.

He'd also told her as much too.

She'd decided to stay all on her own though. She'd said something playful about the accommodations being too good to pass on and that her vacations around the world had been good enough… And then she'd asked if it was really okay if she stayed, all serious and nervous and unlike herself.

So, there they were, he supposed.

"Stay away from men like him, Shirone. Too serious, no fun at all," Kuroka "advised" and Koneko just looked up, blinked at her and then went back to her own tea and snacks. "What have they done to you?" the older nekoshou mock-despaired.

"Made her a sensible person?" he asked, getting an agreeing hum from the white-haired girl and making Kuroka slump. "Failed cool older sister attempt aside-"

"Hey!"

"-you feel like joining Kunou and Morag for cards? Morag is having some trouble learning that she has to have some cards that aren't spider themed, at least until we make more of those," he commented and Koneko looked up. She took a moment to process the offer, blinking at him, and then she nodded. "Cool."

"Just as long as the fire chicken isn't there," the nekoshou commented and he looked at her once more.

"Good idea. I'll give Ravel a call," he replied with a smile that only widened when her eye twitched. That rivalry or whatever the two of them had going was kind of funny. It wasn't just amusement that pushed him to do that kind of thing though. It was also the fact that he could tell that they didn't hate each other.

They appreciated each other, but they had their own weird, antagonistic way of doing so. Kind of like Serafall and Gabriel, they competed a lot and they annoyed each other plenty, but they could work well enough together and they "secretly" respected and even liked each other. It was just about the oddest way of having a rivalry Joshua had ever seen, but that was how it was.

People weren't his thing, so he guessed he shouldn't try to understand.

"If I must," Koneko mumbled resignedly.

And Joshua just grinned.

[}-o-{]​

[Meredith Ordinton]

"I see you're doing well," her teacher commented, flipping Carnwennan between regular grip and reverse grip absentmindedly. She could almost hear the holy dagger singing in his hand, happy to be used, to show what it could do, even in such a limited situation. She couldn't tell what Setan Kober thought on the matter – she didn't have any connection with Demonic artifacts, after all –, but it said a lot that Joshua barely did anything with the kris other than use it.

"... Somewhat," she replied in between laboured breaths.

Doing well wasn't what Meredith would call how she was at the moment. Her muscles burned and cried. Her bones felt brittle and her joints stiff. Her blood rushed through her veins like it would never be fast enough. Her lungs worked overtime and she still felt like she was suffocating.

But at least Joshua had broken a sweat… probably… she thought he did, at least…

That was a win in her books, or would be, if it actually happened.

She couldn't quite tell, to be honest.

Meredith knew better than to expect anything else other than maybe that though. She'd take that as progress and be happy with it, truly. Better than the times in which he just played with her and wasn't even the smallest bit winded. Even still though, she needed to get better. Beyond all else, that'd remain true.

Because she wasn't all that good as a contract magician, like Dion, or George, or Karin, or even Levi. She was a warrior, and that meant that she couldn't take as many jobs as those did. After all, she needed to be careful not to get herself on a side or situation that would screw over not only herself, but also her association and her master, or their reputations.

Everything boiled down to her needing to get better, get stronger. Meredith would never be able to make the most of her potential with regular contracts, unlike her fellow stars. No, what she could do was be useful, be another set of hands, another piece of magic and another weapon, ready to be of use when needed. She could be all that for Joshua, her master, in order to repay some of her debt, even if it'd never be enough.

She'd be a soldier, and she had to hope it'd be enough.

"You need to be more positive," Joshua told her with a chuckle, as if he weren't perfectly fine while she was on her last legs. "You've progressed a lot. It just doesn't show on me," he commented, likely noticing her stare. "Hm, maybe I should set you up with different spar partners, people more around your level," he added, tilting his head as if he were trying to analize her, like she was a spell circle project presented to him.

She held back the urge to try and straighten herself and make herself more presentable.

That'd just look silly.

… Right?

"Yeah, I'll do that, I think. And I have some pretty good ideas on that front," Joshua commented idly, sounding like he was talking more to himself than to Meredith. In the meantime, she wondered if what he was saying was true or if he was going to set her up with someone that would kick her ass just as thoroughly. Considering the kind of people that gathered around Joshua, there was a non-zero chance that could happen. "In the meantime, everything alright on you guys' side?" he asked, waving his hand and making a bottle of water appear at her feet.

She wasted no time at all picking it up and taking a gulp of it.

Then she went to answer.

"Just fine. Everyone's working to get better and get connections," she said, feeling a pang of concern for herself. She was falling behind on the latter department, despite likely being the best at the former. Alas… That was the nature of her position.

"Hm." Joshua seemed like he'd say something else, once more staring at her like a complicated calculation… or like a circle someone had presented with barely any work put into it. "Now, what's the honest answer?"

"It wasn't a lie," Meredith protested, but she folded like a cheap suit when he raised an eyebrow at her. "I'm just… falling behind…" she mumbled, looking away from him.

"That's more like it," he commented casually, and she noticed him walking towards her from the corner of her eyes. She didn't look at him though. She was too ashamed. After all that the man had done for her, she couldn't even become someone noteworthy. What was the point of having strength, of being a fighter, if she couldn't fight her way to a good position, to true power.

Her fight against the Satan descendant had been a great boost, but without more of those, her reputation wouldn't grow that much. People would forget, or attribute it all to Joshua and Agnes, like some were already doing. Meredith also couldn't really push her luck with jobs unless she wanted to be seen as a mercenary, which she didn't. It'd taint Joshua's reputation to do that. She could not allow that to happen.

"What do you need?" he asked and she had a "nothing" at the tip of her tongue. However, she committed the grave mistake of turning to look at him. His blue eyes broke her resolve like few things ever had.

"... I need to show off," she answered with a slight shrug, looking away once more. "Strength is worth little if nobody knows it's there."

"Hm, that can be arranged too," Joshua said and she tried not to get her hopes up too much. "As it turns out, I'm about to be in the middle of a fairly big fight. You interested?"

"Yes," she answered immediately, without hesitation. And then, almost like an afterthought, she added: "What'd we be fighting?"

"Vampires and, maybe, dragons."

"... What?"

[}-o-{]​

[Carmilla Karnstein]

"So, we're ready, it seems," Davis commented idly, taking a sip of his tea like it was just another Tuesday and he wasn't about to help her recover her status, her position, her power. He sat there on the couch like he wasn't organizing a battle for her faction to get out from under the Tepes' thumb.

"Ready as we'll ever be, Josh," the man's sister commented, a holy sword in her hand, just like the auburn-haired girl that stood stiffly behind Davis, like the most awkward bodyguard Carmilla had ever seen. "When are we doing this?" the girl commented impatiently, a sentiment that Carmilla could admit to agree on, even though she was human. "I have school tomorrow?"

"Yeah, you've only told me five times. As if you were a model student or something."

… They were all mad.

Carmilla was going to go into a battle she'd already lost once in the past with insane people on her side. And she was desperate enough that she couldn't consider any of it all that bad of an idea, despite how terrible things were looking. She really needed things to work or she'd do something drastic. She couldn't take much more.

"Whenever you want to go, we go, Joshua~" the nekoshou commented, although her statement was somewhat undermined by the fact that she was positively devouring the snacks that had been presented to her. Beside her, almost as stiff as Davis' pet human-bodyguard-apprentice? or whatever she was, was the fallen, sitting like a soldier… or a machine. She'd barely moved or done much of anything. She seemed on the wait to pounce though, like a coiled spring.

"Just waiting for a good moment, is all," Davis told them, waving them off with a roll of his eyes. What was that even supposed to mean though? Carmilla had no idea and she had a feeling that asking would just earn her a very useless cryptic answer.

The most infuriating thing was that she had to keep her people on stand by as they waited. Everyone was ready for a war, short or long. Everyone was standing, reading to jump into a battlefield and likely die. Everyone was waiting for the call, for the order.

And Carmilla was waiting for the same, and she sympathized completely with them.

It was nerve wracking, the wait. She wasn't afraid, or nervous, but she was… restless. She wanted it all to be over. She wanted things to get underway. She was tired of waiting, of biding her time. It had been one thing while she had no other options than keeping her head down. Now that she could fight back, now that it was a possibility without certain death at the end of it, she wanted to get on with it.

"So impatient," Davis commented, finishing his cup of tea. Carmilla swore, if he asked for another… She'd get him another, but she'd be very annoyed about it. Fortunately, the man just leaned back, crossed his legs and rested his hands on his knee. "Just gotta wait for the moment where their armor shifts, when we can stab through it. Their people are moving about as normal. They know nothing. So, eventually, there's gonna be a weakness exposed for us to take advantage of. Patience," the man explained and it all made sense…

But that didn't mean Carmilla couldn't wish it happened sooner. She was old and as such she had learned to be patient. But her pride had been bruised so much after their loss to the Tepes, she'd seen her people be humiliated so much, she'd been mocked so much… She wanted it to end already, now that the possibility was within sight.

"There we are," Davis said, perking up and grinning, and Carmilla almost jumped. "Let's go, everyone," he added as he cracked his neck and shrugged his shoulders.

And then the spells everywhere came to life. The giant automaton leaned down, peering at them like a gigantic microscope. The gargantuan beast snarled at them, ready to take a bite of anyone it felt like. The towering guardian presented its shield, prepared to protect and support.

With that, the battle against the Tepes was on.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Some slice of life, some character development and the end of a plotline finally underway. Joshua got done with his preparations for the vampire thing surprisingly quickly, I'll admit. Then again, this arc came a lot later than I expected, so I guess he was a bit overpowered. Consequences of doing many side-quests, huh?

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Speaking of side-quests. Do you do side-quests? I can't not do them, unless they are so exceedingly annoying in some way that I can't be bothered. For the most part, I tend to try and complete everything though.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, kenlon and 177 others
Adrian King
May 20, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 187 - -Till Your Hope Has Died- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
May 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#979
-Till Your Hope Has Died-

[Joshua Davis]

There was a plan in place and he was going to follow it.

First step was to lock down the area, of course. He didn't want anyone getting out and especially nobody getting in. Nobody would be calling for help and nobody would arrive to surprise them. If anything at all happened, Joshua would at least have a heads-up to prepare himself.

Then came the support spells, although Joshua kind of agreed with the view that they were just the first wave of offensive ones. After all, he was getting infamous for his energy draining spells. So much so that even he knew about it. It was kind of funny though, that those were merely a means to an end, not the end itself. He'd gotten started with those to be able to better power spells he had no business casting back in the day…

And he still did that, really, just that the ceiling for things he couldn't cast had gone up quite a bit through his development. They were effective as offensive alone though. Still, those weren't the spells he'd placed to attack Tepes territory.

Those were step three, after all. He'd thrown a bit of everything in there. Some weight increasing spells, some weakening spells, some magic dispelling spells… and then an assortment of hexes that almost left him feeling bad for the vampires. Almost, but not quite. They were going to be burned, frozen, electrified, corroded and a number of other things.

Hexes were great at causing suffering, as it turned out.

Speaking of, step four was where their counterparts came in. Boons started coming to life, protecting, healing and otherwise supporting their allies, the Carmilla faction, together with the people Joshua had brought himself. Which were the usual suspects, really: Raynare – of course, as if there was any doubt –, Kuroka, his familiars – again, who else but them? – and Jeanne. Although, he'd managed, thankfully, to sit Morag out by having her play bodyguard to Asia back at Carmilla's place.

That had not been a fun conversation.

Step five was spitting on the Tepes faction's face much like how he'd done with Nurarihyon. He had a good reading on the defenses around the Tepes territory, of course, but he hadn't been able to look too closely until that day without possibly drawing attention to himself. Now though, the cat was out of the bag and that meant he was free to do whatever he wanted.

Thus, he peered at the defenses, dissecting them with his many senses and channeling Nephthys and Horus for good measure. Magic and protection became part of him and he became a part of them, and thus, the defenses' design unraveled before his very eyes. Finding a weak point to poke wasn't hard, doing so in a way that allowed him to get in and start overwriting things was a little more complex, but it wasn't like he had to pay attention to the fighting.

Raynare was drawing all the attention in the world, and that wasn't even mentioning Nagini, Cheshire and Carmilla. Jeanne was playing it safe, staying around him and watching out like she'd decided when he explained the plan. Meredith looked like she was itching to go and prove herself, but she stuck to him too. For good measure though, Kuroka was making a nuisance of herself as usual. All her considerable might was being used for the sake of making the battlefield as chaotic as possible for the Tepes and even the Carmilla, even if those latter ones were just collateral damage.

Joshua didn't expect anyone to have the time to bother with a rather unassuming human in the battlefield. Especially when he was doing his best to keep his presence as low as he could. Difficult thing to do considering he was channeling the power of gods, but he managed decently, if he did say so himself. He'd been kind of toying with that for a while really, not just by switching his Titles around, but also consciously leaning on them, making the effect stronger… or weaker in this case.

Because he had neither Great Column nor Domain Authority on. Instead, he had one of his first titles ever, Magician. Basic, plain, boring Magician, the kind of title nobody would care about after getting much better versions like The Professor or Domain Authority. It came in handy then and there though. Sure, Joshua could have used the boosts of the other Titles at that moment, but he considered the added "anonymity" of the title a bonus good enough to do away with the other effects.

Besides, that was only until…

'Eureka,' he thought triumphantly. Taking a deep breath in, he moved his hand down, palm to the ground, and made a foci appear on the ground before a circle came to be. Then, he repeated the process a few more times, setting up an improvised array.

And then his spells pierced the defenses, turning them on their own people.

That was it for the most basic steps, however. From there, the plan kind of spread out into branches depending on what was needed. Maybe his draconic inkling was wrong and there wouldn't be anything of the sort happening during the attack. Maybe someone would try to punch their way through the spells, either from inside or from outside. Maybe Sephiroth Graal would be used in some unexpected way to mess with everything.

Thus, Joshua was kind of on stand-by until something "unexpected" happened.

All things considered, the battle was going well, he supposed. No hiccups, nothing truly unexpected thus far. He wouldn't be lowering his guard by any means, but it was nice for plans to go smoothly. He'd be annoyed if all his work was dismantled by some random bullshit coming out of nowhere.

However, he was in the DxD world, so it always paid to expect some kind of bullshit to happen, he knew.

[}-o-{]​

[Meredith Ordinton]

Her sword cut through the air and the neck of a vampire with the same ease in both cases.

The unfortunate being dropped almost immediately, his body slowly burning to ash under the effects of her holy sword. She grimaced, but that was all she could afford. Vampires were strong, they were fast and they were hard to stop. She couldn't afford to give them any room. If she tried not to kill them, chances were that she'd be the one dead instead and that was certainly not something she was going to let happen.

Did it make her a bad person though, how little she cared for the lives she reaped?

She thought so, but at the same time… She watched what her master did and felt like she couldn't be that bad, right? Because there were vampires all over the place, twisting and turning on the ground as they were overwhelmed by the spells. They wailed and pleaded, but nobody could help them. Or, at least, nobody cared to help them, least of all Joshua.

"You're merciless, aren't you?" she asked and she wasn't sure if she did so out of nervousness, fear or curiosity. It might even have been a mix of all three, she supposed. Because this wasn't really a new side of Joshua. She'd seen glimpses of it at times, like at House of Water when the association was attacked. Or even during classes, at times.

There was something very different between what she was witnessing at that moment and those events, however.

"They aligned themselves with my enemies," Joshua answered, calm but certainly not casual. There was an edge there, barely hidden. Meredith was just happy that it wasn't aimed her way, truly. "Enemies that have attacked my family time and time again. I'd have happily stayed at my place, studying magic and minding my own business. They are the ones that made it my problem, for one reason or another. Far as I'm concerned… they brought this on themselves."

"You can say that again," Jeanne commented and Meredith turned to see the girl pulling out her own holy sword out of a vampire's chest. Well, like brother, like sister, she guessed. No real surprises there, not at all. "I have to wonder though, how many idiots have they gathered in their little club? Because damn. There's no end to these dumbasses."

"World has an infinite supply of idiots," Joshua replied casually, taking in the battlefield. "You can go and fight properly if you want."

"Nah, I like this acting thing," Jeanne commented, and the truth of her words showed on her smile. Now that was unnerving. At least Joshua didn't look happy with the carnage. "This playing weakling thing. I might need to try it out myself. Could make a sword for that," the girl added, looking around to see if there were any more brave vampires coming their way. "Besides, Raynare and Carmilla have it well enough in hand. Cheshire and Nagini don't even need to try that hard."

And sure enough, that was the truth.

On one side, there was an unending sea of flames, only somewhat interrupted by a concentrated wave or tongue of fire aimed this or that way. The fallen angel was certainly going all out, by the looks of it. Her entire side of the battlefield was empty of even allies and Meredith had to wonder if that was because they had all decided to leave her alone or because the woman had killed those too.

On the other, the vampire Queen had done somewhat the opposite with her side of things. The entire area was wrapped in mist and shadows and when the wind blew their way from that direction, Meredith could feel a chill caressing her skin. She could see very little other than that, but the screams coming from within the mist told a story all on their own and they were not one that she cared to be privy to the details of.

She had a feeling they would be more disturbing than whatever she might or Jeanne might do.

Notably though, she left Joshua out of that, because… She had her doubts. Seeing the man as she was at the moment, Meredith wouldn't be all that surprised if he treated fighting like he did spell testing. She could almost see the man having his spells consume people like they did a failed spell casting. And if that were the case…

She hoped she didn't have to see that.

She'd rather not have worse nightmares than she was already likely to have.

[}-o-{]​

[Carmilla Karnstein]

It was the sweetest, most exhilarating night she'd had in way too long.

After so much time spent bowing her head and being pressed underneath the thumb of the Tepes faction… it was cathartic to be able to fight back, to be able to kill the absolute vermin. They deserved worse for what they had done to her and hers. They deserved to suffer for much longer, just like they had.

But alas, that was a concern for after they had won the fight.

Besides, Joshua had made it clear that he wasn't going to allow nonsense. He wanted to win the fight and end things. He'd help her recover her rightful place, even put her at the top of the two factions, no problem at all. But if she wasn't going to do her best to achieve that, then he'd just ditch her.

Carmilla couldn't allow that, she just couldn't.

Because if she came that close and failed, then she'd rather die. If she had to go back to being low class, mid class at best, then she'd go mad. She was not going to be insulted like that, never again.

Thus, Carmilla magnanimously decided to leave her righteous vengeance for another time, if at all possible. Better to get a frustrating win than to lose, even if it galled her. With any luck, there'd be enough survivors for her to take her frustrations out on.

A concern for another time, however.

"What-?" vermin exclaimed as she moved through her domain and grabbed their neck. Carmilla saw the moment of realization, the paling of her faces and the smallest hint of contempt hidden somewhere deep in her eyes. She noticed all that in the split second it took her to snap the Tepes vampire's miserable neck.

And that was the kindest death she'd delivered that night. Just because she couldn't take her time, after all, didn't mean she couldn't indulge a little, right? That was what she had decided. Because if she couldn't have them grovel at her feet like they'd had her people doing since they lost, then she'd have them dying as painful and pitiful deaths as she could without risking the fight. It wasn't the same as what she'd have liked, what she'd fantasized, but it'd have to do.

"I sense something going on deep in their territory. A Tepes is doing something," Joshua said in her ear, courtesy of a little artifact he'd given her before the battle started. "They are making a move."

"We'll be ready," she said, with more confidence than she felt. Because sure, they were winning, but there was a reason why they had lost last time. She couldn't help but be nervous, despite how clear an advantage they had. She'd thought she had a good chance of winning the last time and they had been destroyed.

"Just keep doing your thing. I'll take care of that," Joshua told her and she blinked. Her voice hadn't betrayed her, had it? "I haven't done anything for a while. I might as well keep everyone doing what they are doing. We're winning this rather easily as is. I'll deal with the new arrival, whatever it is or whoever they are."

"So be it, then," she replied, doing her vest to keep her voice even. She was really hoping that the man hadn't somehow found a way to notice her emotions, because that'd have been… embarrassing. Either her previous fear and uncertainty or her current relief would have both been exceedingly shameful on her part.

She was a leader, and there she was, leaning on a human for comfort, for reassurance.

Granted, she was quickly learning that Joshua Davis barely counted as a human, but still. The point remained that she couldn't afford such weakness, especially in the wake of what had happened to her faction. She'd have to establish herself once more. Even with their loss and subsequent torment, her people still followed her, but that wouldn't go on forever. Sooner or later, they'd start doubting, they'd start hesitating, especially if she kept failing, one way or another.

Carmilla would need to make sure that didn't happen.

That was a concern for the future, once more, however. For the moment, she'd need to rely on her allies. They were the reason why she could even afford to fight to regain her power, her position. She'd just have to be mindful not to show how much she was relying on them, else her image be further stained by weakness.

"You should have stayed-!" a Tepes vampire shouted, being interrupted by Carmilla's hand clawing through their stomach and up into their chest, behind their ribs. "You… you are… nothing."

"Hm, so you say," she whispered, a smile tugging at her lips. "But you're the ones falling like flies, are you not?"

"You brought… outsiders," the man hissed, spitting blood on her face that she was unfazed about.

"You'd know about involving outsiders, wouldn't you?" she asked with a raised eyebrow. Joshua had told her about Khaos Brigade, after all. They had to somehow be involved in her fall, Carmilla was sure. "Turnabout is fair play, vermin," she said, before tossing the man aside even as she kept his heart in her hand. That is, before she let that drop to the ground too.

There was so much to do before they could afford to relax.

She should stop thinking as much and start fighting more, she guessed.

[}-o-{]​

[A Tepes in the Night]

He didn't know what the fuck was even happening, in all honesty.

One second, everything was fine. He'd just been going about his business, patrolling a street to make sure that nobody was causing trouble and that none of the Carmilla people got the wrong idea of how things stood. The idiots seemed oddly reluctant to understand reality, poor bastards. It was business as usual though, is what it had all been. The most notable thing that had been happening was that the boys and him had been talking about maybe going out that night and have a good time.

And the next second, there was a war going on.

Not only had the Carmilla rebelled, but they had brought reinforcements. Not that his faction was one to talk, considering Sephiroth Graal, but still. Where the fuck had that bitch found a four-winged fallen angel? And how the fuck was this new piece of work making it rain holy fire on them all?

As if that weren't bad enough, which it most certainly was, there was the cat, the fucking cat. He had already been displaced twice and fooled by illusions more times than he was willing to admit. Better than the tiger though, that was for sure. He'd only caught glimpses of that beast dashing around, covered in lightning like it was a storm in the form of an animal. Nobody left in its wake was any definition of fine, as far as he'd seen, even with their boosted bodies. He'd heard something about a snake too, but he wasn't looking for that one, that was for sure.

He'd heard she could kill with a look and he liked being alive, thank you very much.

As if those monsters roaming the battlefield weren't bad enough, there was the magic permeating the whole place, the spells looking over the battlefield like players over a chess board. The lumbering beast clawed and bit at them. There were vampires barely keeping themselves on their feet while covering in flames or twitching uncontrollably or having their skin frosted over. The towering machine dissected them with unfeeling efficiency. Their power was extracted from their very veins, making the cage around them all the stronger, nevermind the other pieces of magic. And if that weren't bad enough, they couldn't do anything to the enemies with the shining guarding behind them. Despite being blessed by Sephiroth Graal, they were the ones doing the least damage, and they were the ones weaker and weaker as the fight went on.

It was a nightmare. There was no escape and there was no solution. There was only the losing fight and nothing else. Brothers fell all around him and he could only fight to try and make a difference before he was too weak to do anything at all. They would turn this around, surely. They had a Longinus, after all. The bitches of Carmilla and whoever these fucks were, they were going to get what was coming to them. Someone was likely already going for Valerie, after all.

It was a matter of time before some version of a powered up vampire came into the fold and the tide turned.

They just had to keep fighting until it happened. Easier said than done, admittedly, especially with how they were dying left and right, but what else could they do. Not fight? What would that get them? It was a great boon that they were blessed, or the "fight" would have likely been over by then already.

Fucking Hell, to whom had Carmilla sold her soul to in order to get those allies?

He didn't know the answer to that, but as the minutes passed, he noticed something. Carmilla wasn't at the center of it all. No, she was opposite from the fallen angel, actually, taking a second side of the battlefield. At the center of it was… nobody, really. There were humans there. Two girls and a man. The girls had holy weapons, swords, and they looked like they could, at the least, make a fight very painful. The man though, he was nobody special, from what the vampire could see. He just stood there, looking around like someone might window shop while out on a walk.

And that rubbed him the wrong way. There they were, fighting for their lives on both sides and this man was just… there? What sense did that make? And why was Carmilla allowing a human to be at the center of her attack? Why wasn't she spearheading the whole thing? She was too weak, of course, but surely she had enough pride to do so anyway, even if she needed to bring the fallen with her. Why hadn't she?

He had to be special, for sure.

He couldn't fathom what considering he had less presence than some of the weakest Carmilla bitches around, why else bring him if not because he was useful? So, with that in mind, he thought the decision was simple, really. Why not take that guy out, when he was a weakling? He didn't think there were many chances of taking anyone else of importance out, so he might as well see if that did anything, right?

Besides, the ones guarding the man were human too, so he could get away with that, easily at that.

So, he started on his way. He tried to get closer, fighting through Carmilla's people. He didn't manage to do a lot of damage, but his brothers could do that while he went on his self-appointed mission. The battle was all but lost if something didn't happen and considering Valerie wasn't anywhere to be seen and neither was anyone else…

Once he was close enough, he went for it, dashing for all his supernatural legs were worth. He went to claw the human's throat, quick and effective as any other method. Just one swipe and it'd be done. Maybe it'd do nothing, but maybe it could help, so-

"Hey there," the human said, grabbing at his hand and keeping it in place despite his best efforts. "Did you sense me or something?" he asked casually then, a confused tilt of his head as if he'd just been told the sky was green. "Why'd you come for me?"

"What the…? What are you?" he asked instead of answering, looking at the man, horrified. No human should be able to stop him, except maybe Strada or that other new one, the magician. "You're no human."

"Not the first time I've been told something like that, but it's kind of ironic. You're barely a vampire yourself, after all, what with how your soul has been twisted," the… creature commented, speaking casually with a smile on its face. "I should bring one or two of you for testing. It'll be fascinating to study the effects of Sephiroth Graal. Could you remind me, Meredith?"

"Of course, sir," the redhead by his side replied stiffly.

"What are you?" he said, his voice growing more panicked as he tried to pry his arm away from the thing's grasp. "Let me go!"

"I don't think I will. And I'm a human," was the response he got and he paused in his efforts, staring at the creature in disbelief. "Joshua Davis, to be exact. I'd say nice to meet you, but…"

"Joshua… Davis?" he repeated, uncomprehending before realization dawned on him. How… How had this man gone unnoticed so far? How hadn't he sensed any kind of presence? Why was it that nobody seemed to know the second – some even argued the – strongest human in the world was on the battlefield?

Suddenly, a lot of things made sense, the beasts, the spells…

'The Professor,' he thought, staring at the man's casually uncaring blue eyes in horror. 'The Pharaoh, the Domain Authority…' There were many names for Joshua Davis, but all of them had weight.

And then, when he thought it was all over for him, he heard a roar that shook the very earth.

Maybe he'd die, but all these pieces of shit? They'd go down too.

That would have to be enough.

"You'll die, human," he said as both of them turned to see a dragon barrel into the battlefield. Damn, that was better than anything he could have hoped. The tide would certainly-

"We'll see," the human commented, just as calm as he'd been before. "Vampire."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, Joshua's terrifying people left and right. Nothing new, is it? Business as usual, just that it's vampire cannon fodder instead of human cannon fodder. I'm sure those Khaos Brigade branches appreciate the break… probably, maybe.

Likely not, considering everyone else in the anti-Khaos alliance is still hunting then.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter!

Random Question: Would you take a stronger power with a drawback or a weaker power with no drawback? Considering I can already see the munchkin people, no, you can't get rid of the drawback in any way nor is it going to be a drawback you can just ignore. (People already tried to ruin similar games with answers like that previously.) Personally, I'd rather get the weaker power. I don't like drawbacks, at all.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, Panicbox13 and 180 others
Adrian King
May 27, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 188 - -Beat Down-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#994
-Beat Down-

[Joshua Davis]

At least one part of his draconic half-forgotten memories related to the vampires was correct, evidently.

'Which Evil Dragon is that?' he wondered as he walked towards the creature. For a dragon, it was surprisingly humanoid, despite what Joshua had seen regarding the creatures in his research. It was like someone had taken a regular Western dragon and made it bipedal, for the most part, but there were some other humanoid-like details here and there.

He took in the black scales and the silver eyes, trying to pull on the information he had in regards to Evil Dragons. And he was sure that it was an Evil Dragon. It was difficult to misunderstand the aura, the presence of absolute miasma that it exuded. Evil Dragons weren't called that just because someone felt like it. They were corrupted, twisted, wrong. Just looking at the thing made him feel sick, sending dread down his spine and unnerving his mind.

"You," the creature growled, turning towards Joshua when he tweaked all his spells. Some of the inactive ones, those that he'd designed for this specific eventuality, were now about to see some use. "You're the one that made them bring me back. Thank you," despite his words, the dragon very clearly had less than benign intentions. The grin on his lizard face was far from kind, after all.

"Grendel," Joshua commented, giving name to the dragon, who seemed pleased to be recognized. Immediately, he ran through the information he could recall on that particular dragon other than how to recognize him. That wouldn't help much in a fight, if he didn't know what he was capable of. 'Endurance, it's all endurance. If he can fight, he will, no matter what.'

Annoying, but far from the worst that could be thrown at him.

"I don't know your name, human," the dragon growled and Joshua was keenly aware that people were moving away from the two of them as they stalked towards one another, walking calmly like two strangers on a street. He also felt his familiars staring from their positions, together with Kuroka and Raynare. They knew not to get involved unless more than one dragon popped up though, or unless he called. "But I figure I can learn your name after I kill you if you're anyone actually important."

"Works for me," Joshua replied and his next step was punctuated by the spells coming alive. Dragon slaying effects were no small thing. Dragons were up there with gods and goddesses, after all. They were the top of the totem pole in the DxD world, even above deities, really, considering Great Red, Ophis and such creatures existed. They weren't divinity, they weren't in the same league, but that didn't mean they were weaker or stronger. No, dragons had their own separate league on the same level, if one were to follow that metaphor. As such, handling energy that was their antithesis wasn't a small matter, not at all.

He'd worked for that though. Jeanne could make dragon slaying swords, even if they were like the mass produced exorcist light sword equivalent of dragon slaying weapons. Her creations wouldn't be able to hurt an actual dragon of any kind, but they'd be effective against dragon-related creatures like drakes and wyverns. That had been enough to give Joshua an idea of what he needed to work with though.

Nevermind Ascalon, which Heaven had happily lended to him for research purposes. They'd offered to give it to him entirely, if he thought he could use it against Khaos Brigade, actually. His Sword Mastery skill was lacking, of course, but it'd be a nice last resort if it came to that.

"You're…" Grendel mumbled, almost speaking without meaning to by the looks of it. He'd noticed the dragon slaying magic in his hexes and it'd given him pause. That was very encouraging for Joshua. He'd had his doubts about how effective those would be, even after some testing against Issei. The guy wasn't a dragon though, considering he had made no deals to sell pieces of his body to Ddraig. So, results of testing on him were unreliable at best. "Magic has progressed a lot while I was dead, it seems."

"Not as much as you might think," Joshua replied lightly with a smile. "You're just unlucky. So… wanna surrender?"

The dragon barked out a laugh at that.

"You're funny. That won't help you, nor will these tricks you seem to have, but you're still funny" he growled, even harsher and more hatefully. He also crouched, ready to jump at Joshua. 'Fight's about to get started, huh?' he mused to himself, summoning Setan Kober and Carnwennan in his hands.

Both daggers hissed in pleasure, almost itching to cut something. They were especially eager to go against an enemy that was not only strong but also could see them actually being used too. And that was because Joshua planned on giving both daggers all the excitement they could want, he decided. Not only would that ensure they worked at their best, but he also kind of didn't have magic strong enough to really fight Grendel if he didn't want the fight to take forever. He was confident his spells would wear him down eventually and the dragon slaying hexes would grow powerful enough with time…

But he didn't have time.

Every second could be one when Khaos Brigade could get wind of what was going on and try to meddle. Joshua needed to finish this fight with the vampires before that happened. So, no battle of attrition for him this time, evidently. Or, at the very least, he'd have to make the fight as short as he could.

That wasn't precisely his strong suit, admittedly, but Joshua would have to make do.

For one, he had the Egyptian deities ready to give him a hand, and they promptly did, with Set leading the charge. The violent chaos god was more than willing to lend him a hand in a fight against such a creature. For another, well, Joshua had learned fairly early in his magician career that being prepared was the key to success.

And he'd had plenty of time to prepare for that attack.

He had options, and plenty of them.

[}-o-{]​

[Meredith Ordinton]

"That's it for the bodyguard role. Feel free to show off," Joshua had told her before going off to face a dragon of all things. Easier said than done, if anyone asked her. How was she supposed to just turn away when her master was over there, having a standoff with Grendel, if the exchange the two had just had was to be believed?

That was an Evil Dragon, a supposedly dead Evil Dragon at that.

She didn't remember more than his name and his title, but Meredith didn't need more than that to know that the dragon was likely to put up a hell of a fight. Evil Dragons were second only to the Heavenly Dragons and the Dragon Gods. That was a lot of power to face, even if maybe – and that was a big maybe, because Meredith didn't know if it was the case at all – whatever process had brought the creature back to life had somehow weakened it or something.

"He'll be fine," Jeanne commented from beside her and Meredith hoped she could be half as optimistic as the blonde seemed to be. As it was, she could barely take her eyes off of her master and the dragon, to the point where if it wasn't for her Protection Magic, she'd likely have been injured by a very rude vampire attacking her. As it was, it just took her attention away for a moment before she cut off one of the thing's arms and then stabbed it.

…

She was getting concerningly used to killing, Meredith noticed.

"Aren't you supposed to be showing off?" Jeanne asked her and she twitched.

"Professor Davis might need me," she answered stiffly. She had complete faith in her master, of course, but an Evil Dragon was no small fry. Beyond that, they were surrounded by enemies, much as they were winning the battle. So, she didn't want to leave-

"Didn't he bring you here to show off? I think he said something to that effect," Jeanne pointed out and this time Meredith all but flinched. "Said you needed to show off so people would know your strength and some such."

She was supposed to be doing that. Professor Davis had brought her to the battle as an opportunity to publicly show her strength on top of making connections with a faction, in this case the Carmilla faction. Not a small one at all, especially if things panned out as her teacher predicted and they became the dominant side of the two factions instead of it being the other way around. So, Meredith would solve plenty of her problems if she did do as she was told.

It was just-

"Joshua can take care of himself," Jeanne reassured her, smiling in a way that made her think the other girl was reading her mind or something. "I'll be surprised if he's tired or injured at all by the time he's done. Joshua's strength grows like nobody's business," Jeanne explained before giggling behind her hand, still holding one of her swords. "Worry about yourself, do as you're told and believe Joshua knows what he's doing," she cited, as if they were rehearsed words. "That's what I do and it works wonders. It makes him happy too. The best favor you can do him is to do what's best for yourself. He wants to see the people he cares about doing well."

That was…

Meredith couldn't quite wrap her mind around that.

All her life, she'd been trying to prove herself to people, to her fellow magicians, to her association, to her family, to her friends, to her teacher. Meredith Ordinton had never been quite enough, despite all the work she put into things. That is, until something she hadn't worked for appeared and suddenly everyone loved her, her blood, her Sacred Gear.

The only thing she had earned, with all her effort and time, was her apprenticeship, the best thing that had ever happened to her. Professor Davis had given her that, and to hear that she didn't need to do anything to keep that, to keep his attention and his care, felt odd. It confused her, unnerved her even. How in the world was she supposed to not try and do something?

In what world did it make sense for her payment to her benefactor being selfishness?

Yet, that seemed to be what Joshua was asking of her.

"Go for it, girl. I guarantee he'll be happy to hear about it when you tell him how much you benefited from this. He wants to help you, so he'll be pleased if he does help you," Jeanne continued explaining, half amused and half exasperated as she looked at Meredith. "Believe it or not, accepting his kindness is a favor for him. He's odd like that."

Somehow, that made perfect sense while also being absolutely ridiculous.

"I guess I have no choice," she mumbled, finally admitting defeat in the face of Joshua Davis' absurdity. If that was what her master truly wanted though, no matter how odd and awkward it felt, Meredith would do it. She owed him too much not to.

She'd have to bring it up with her fellow Stars too.

If she had to suffer that headache, then so did they.

Pushing those thoughts aside though, Meredith covered herself in even more Protection Magic, summoned stronger swords and prepared herself to unleash her holy nails on every vampire. Every single Tepes member would get one of her creations through some part of their anatomy or another if she had any say in the matter.

Because even if she would have usually been reluctant to unleash such carnage, she couldn't afford to hold back. Maybe Professor Davis wanted her to make a name for herself because it'd benefit him, or for some other selfish reason. Even if he didn't though, and Jeanne was actually right in what she said, then Meredith would do her best all the same.

If that's what she had to do to pay some of the man's kindness back, then everyone would know her name.

That aligned perfectly with her own goals too, so maybe it was a gift from above.

[}-o-{]​

[Carmilla Karnstein]

The moment in which the standoff broke was one that shook the battlefield.

Literally.

For a solid minute since the dragon joined the battlefield, the two had just stood there facing each other. Apparently, the creature hadn't been at all bothered by the spells Davis had pointed his way. That was either very brave, very stupid, or very prideful. If Carmilla had to guess though, she'd go for a combination of the latter two.

As for everyone else… Well, nobody wanted to get close to those two. Her faction knew what a monster Davis could be, and everyone knew the monster that Grendell was, just by being in his presence. And that was before the human unleashed the full might of who he was instead of playing the weakling. Suddenly, there were two powerhouses, the two strongest beings around, looking at each other, waiting for something to set things off.

And that something was the dragon, kicking off towards Davis in a move that shook the very ground under their feet and made the very battlefield whimper. The thing's fist connected with nothing but sand though, as the magician's body seemingly turned into fine grains in the wind… except he seemed to be in control of those, because he reshaped himself around the dragon and then slashed at him with one of his daggers.

That was how the biggest encounter in the whole battlefield began and Carmilla couldn't help but stare at it, almost forgetting that there were more enemies to deal with and more battles to be had. Almost, but not quite. She turned back to what she'd been doing after a moment, but she never quite could set them aside in her mind, never quite could turn her attention away completely.

Fortunately, she wasn't the only one.

Whether out of fear or awe or both, everyone in the battlefield seemed to have their attention split between whatever they were doing and the fight between a human and a dragon. Not that Carmilla was surprised. The two were absolute powerhouses even to her. Everyone was, at the very least, wary of the two and becoming collateral damage from that particular duel.

So, it was no wonder that everyone kept a close eye on how it went there. There was also the fact that it was clear whoever won would have a great impact on the skirmish that they had started. Because if Joshua won, then the Tepes faction would be done for. If Grendel did, then things might even out quite a bit. Davis' allies were still an advantage, but so would be Grendel for their enemies. So, she imagined the scales might find a very annoying balance…

And that wasn't something she wanted to happen.

'You better win, Davis,' she thought to herself, her hand wrapped around the neck of a Tepes while she looked at the ongoing battle. Davis seemed to be going for a thousand cuts approach, chipping away at Grendel with his daggers, teleporting and transforming into sand to avoid the dragon's attacks.

However, that hadn't quite worked when the creature had used his breath against Davis. Now, one of his flannel shirt's sleeves had been burned and his arm and the side of the man's face was a rather worrying red hue. There were no signs of slowing down from either of them, however.

No surprises in regards to Grendel, since the Evil Dragon was known for being unrelenting. However, not many people could say they withstood dragon fire and shrugged it off, much less a human. So, Carmilla's already considerable respect for Davis only grew.

Impressive as that was though, it was also concerning, because as incredibly powerful as the human had turned out to be, she rather doubted he could outlast Grendel in a battle of attrition. Even with all his wards backing him up, she could feel it. The scales weren't even, much less tipped in his favor.

Davis was going to lose.

'That can't happen,' she thought, decisively if with a tinge of fear running down her spine. She couldn't let her chance slip through her fingers. She just couldn't. So, Carmila started scheming. Maybe she could join that fight, help Davis recover some ground. A few nudges here and there and their chances might go back to even. If they didn't turn in their favor, but she'd leave the optimism for some other time.

It would be risky, of course. She didn't fancy her chances in a battle against an Evil Dragon, at all. However, when the other option was possible defeat? That changed things.

Alas, before she did anything, someone else beat her to it.

And that someone was a gargantuan snake, slithering behind Davis and fixing the dragon with a glare. She hadn't been subjected to that particular thing, but Carmilla had seen not at all weak vampires drop dead with a gaze. Still, she'd admit to being surprised when she saw Grendel pause and hiss.

"Gave up on the one on one, did you? It'll take more than that to take me down, human," the dragon rumbled, unleashing another breath attack that seemed to scorch even Davis' sand form, if the way he reformed with charred clothes and more red skin was any indication.

"Good thing I have more, right?" was all the human said, calm as anyone could be despite his injuries. How did he manage to be that calm? Those injuries had to hurt, even if they weren't deep. That was dragon fire, after all. Carmilla knew it might as well be sunlight when used against vampires, so how was this human acting like nothing was going on?

As for the more that Davis was talking about? It came in the form of a bird singing in the sky and lightning and thunder in feline form. The latter appeared in a split second beside the dragon, unleashing the might of a storm on the creature's arm and leaving smoking, broken scales all over, not unlike the clothes of her master were on the other side of the battlefield.

"We're just getting started, Grendel," Davis said, a grin on his face.

And Carmilla found herself very glad that the man was on her side.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Fighting one on one was all well and good, but there was no need for that. What was Grendel going to do? Call reinforcements? He didn't have anyone on his side half as strong as Joshua's. Any vampire that tried to get involved would get deleted by either Cheshire or Nagini, maybe even Jeanne, Meredith, Kuroka or Carmilla.

So, now it was Joshua and three of his familiars versus the dragon.

He liked those chances a lot more than with just himself. The dragon fire could burn him even in his sand form, so that had been troublesome. The only reason he wasn't rolling on the ground in pain was because he had boons taking care of the damage, but it was a slow thing. Dragon fire was no joke at all, evidently, and not even his research had prepared him for that completely.

He'd need to work on those spells later, he decided.

For the moment, he had a fight to get on with.

At least Setan Kober and Carnwennan were having the time of their lives. The daggers sang when they cut through Grendel's scales. They rejoiced when he blocked claws and fangs with them. They were revelled all throughout the fight. The demonic kris was boosting him like it never had before and he was barely feeling any difference from the usual tinge of anger in his emotions. The holy dagger hadn't made a single strike that hadn't sneaked through Grendel's defenses, finding holes between scales that Joshua was almost sure didn't even exist until the weapon went for it.

Great as that was though, it was nice to have back up. Margalo would help him be even faster, stronger and, most importantly, deal better with the burns from the dragon fire, soothing the pain and calming his mind. Cheshire would help him double team Grendel and that'd minimize the danger, since they'd be able to bail each other out of breath attacks… for the most part. Then there was Nagini, eating away at the dragon's energies with her gaze, especially whenever the creature sent an annoyed look towards the snake. Eye contact was key for the newly evolved basilisk, after all. It made her already terrifying gaze that much worse.

Where Joshua had felt victory slipping through his fingers before, he now was almost assured a victory. Grendel just couldn't keep up with two opponents that were being buffed while he was being debuffed himself. It was a deadly combination, Joshua knew. He was just lucky that Morag wasn't there to add insult to injury with poisonous and hindering webs. Or that Friday wasn't battle ready enough to be more actively shaping spells around him.

Yes, Joshua couldn't help to be able to unleash the full might of his family on Khaos Brigade, but it wasn't the time just yet.

Maybe it never would be, but he'd be fine with that if it meant the terrorist organization was dealt with faster than expected.

"Need extra help?" Jeanne offered in his ear through their communication artifacts. Joshua almost instinctively went to tell her no, but then paused, tilted his head and considered that for a moment. Sure, Jeanne wasn't as strong as his familiars, but she wasn't weak either. Hell, she could be stronger… for a short moment.

"Do you think you can give a hand without taking yourself out?" he asked, during a moment in which he was more sand than flesh while Cheshire pulled Grendel's attention away with a well timed lightning enhanced clawing. Just taking a moment to speak could be complicated, after all, so he'd rather play it safe as much as possible. The battle might feel under control, but he was taking no chances when facing an Evil Dragon, of all things.

"Sure thing. Give me an opening," was all Jeanne replied with and he narrowed his eyes looking for a chance to do just that. Cheshire was in on the plan a moment later after a quick bond communication. Between the two of them, it wasn't difficult to nudge Grendel a little. A stab in the back, a lightning shot, a teleport… and then he'd turned his back on where Jeanne was.

That's when the Maiden made an appearance, the gigantic armor made of blades materializing over and around Jeanne. Its just as humongous sword was raised high up… before it was brought down like a guillotine. The dragon almost reacted to it too, bringing his hands up to block the attack with his claws. Joshua wasn't about to let that happen though.

Cheshire smacked one of the hands away while he stabbed the other one down.

And then the sword cut through the dragon's shoulder, taking off one of his arms. 'That's a good scale tipper if there ever was one,' he thought with a grin. Grendel was strong, for sure, but his most dangerous aspect was that he'd keep going like a trainwreck. No matter how much damage, he'd keep going.

That's why he was dangerous in a one on one. However, as things stood, he was just accumulating damage and getting weakened much faster than they were. They had things well enough in hand. Their win was within sight, Joshua knew. They just needed to deliver the finishing touches.

"Great job, Jeanne," he praised with a grin.

"Don't mention it," his sister replied, a little out of breath. "That's it unless I want to tire myself out though."

"More than enough," he reassured her, and he meant it. That single slash had done all that it needed to do and more. Joshua couldn't have asked for more, truly.

However, before he could celebrate too much though, he paused, eyes narrowing. 'Now, of all times? When we're almost done?' he thought, cursed internally and growing uneasy. Because someone was attacking the outside of his spell perimeter and that could only mean one thing.

Khaos Brigade had decided to drop by.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, the battle was going too well, wasn't it? Also, for some reason it doesn't quite hit me how insane Joshua – and even other characters – are until I gotta look at them through the eyes of other characters. It's… interesting. I guess that's one of the reasons why I enjoy writing different PoVs.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Do you have a favorite arc or plot line in this story so far? If you do, which one is it and why?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607 and 178 others
Adrian King
Jun 3, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 189 - -Till Victory Is Mine
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,001
-Till Victory Is Mine

[Joshua Davis]

The first clue to Khaos Brigade being outside of his barriers was… Well, the fact that someone poked said barriers. He wasn't sure who, but someone had tried to get through them and failed. He could have thought that was a coincidence, of course. Those could happen and it wasn't a huge stretch of the imagination to think someone might have tried to come in and talk to one of the two vampire factions.

However, the second clue was much more obvious and it came in the most annoying thorn on Joshua's side so far, Annihilation Maker. Not only that but it also made its entrance with an infuriating and very much insulting attempt to use the last creature the guy had used on his barriers. The same thing – whatever it was – that absorbed magic and then blew itself up to damage the spells.

Alas, unfortunately for the guy, Joshua had already come across that one and suffered the annoyance of falling victim to it. He had since made sure to come up with one measure or ten for that one. One of which worked like a charm, that being a variation of Project Summer that sped up energy as soon as something that wasn't authorized tried to manipulate it. Instead of exploding as it was intended, the creature vaporized itself before achieving much of anything.

'Bring something new, buddy,' Joshua thought to himself, a grin on his face as he continued fighting against Grendel. All the while though, he made sure that his allies knew what was likely coming. He was confident in his defenses, but Annihilation Maker was annoying for a reason.

However, some might have said it was overconfidence, but Joshua was sure he could finish his fight with Grendel before Khaos Brigade broke through his spells. He'd been working on defenses against Annihilation Maker for a while, so he expected that they'd be outside the perimeter he'd designed for a while. Sure, there was a chance that they'd stumble upon something he hadn't thought of, but he liked to think he'd covered for a lot of ideas someone might have, both simple and complex.

All the same…

"Raynare, leave your side to Kuroka and Jeanne. We need to deal with this dragon sooner rather than later," he said, acknowledging the chance that his prediction could be wrong. And also the fact that Meredith was doing a lot better than he'd expected. He'd put Jeanne with her just in case, but his student – once she let go of her reluctance – had started going all out and making it rain holy nails on the vampires.

Not even making pseudo-swords anymore, just finger sized holy nails that fell on their enemies with extreme prejudice.

Joshua imagined it was more scary for the poor bastards than them being under sunlight.

"On my way," was all Raynare said in response, dutiful as always. She was really earning plenty of appreciation from Joshua just with her earnest attitude. It was nice to have someone around ready to do what she was told with no convincing or anything. Sure, it could be boring and dull at times, but in situations such as that? It was a blessing.

Attempt number two of Khaos Brigade happened then, which was a simple creature that seemed to negate magic, just a void that seemed to make it so that magic couldn't touch it. That was actually something Joshua expected before all the iterations of things they'd gone through. Alas, it wouldn't get through either, because there was an entire array designed to make a solid barrier instead of anything that nullified the layers of defense in front of it.

The thing could tell magic to fuck itself, but stone and metal could stop something even if they weren't magic and so could his spell-made solid wall.

It was pretty early on that Joshua noticed the problem with Annihilation Maker. The Sacred Gear could make literally anything, but it was ruled with the same laws that any other Sacred Gear, and that was that it depended on the reserves of their wielder. Jeanne couldn't make an infinite amount of swords, or an Excalibur copy, after all. Either option would require more energy than she had.

Annihilation Maker had the same limitation.

Maybe the creature they'd just made could negate magic, but was it strong enough to break through stone? Metal? Other materials? No, it was not. And if they tried to make one strong enough to do that that also could nullify magic? Then it'd require more energy. The more effects Annihilation Maker tried to put in a creature, the more it'd cost them.

That was a battle that Joshua could definitely win.

At least, if nothing changed, which it wasn't. Annihilation Maker's next attempt was some kind of piercing power creature. Like an anti-magic living bullet that tried to shoot through the solid barrier as much as the spells. Alas, that wasn't how it worked, because it couldn't be magic and anti-magic at the same time. So, as soon as it got through the first layer and tried to pierce through the solid barrier with magic, a Project Winter inspired spell array froze it and it got all of its energy drained. Meanwhile, the spells it had broken through patched themselves immediately.

"Distracted?" Grendel asked him, clearly noticing that his attention was elsewhere. In his defense, Cheshire and Raynare seemed to have him well enough in hand, with Margalo and Nagini helping. Besides, as far as Joshua was concerned, Khaos Brigade as a whole was more dangerous than the Evil Dragon. Hell, Annihilation Maker alone was more worrying than Grendel, really.

No offense to the guy, but he'd stopped being a threat as soon as Joshua's team got together, nevermind when Jeanne crippled him.

"Kind of," Joshua answered honestly, which only seemed to anger the dragon. Go figure. All the same, Grendel wasn't wrong to be annoyed. Joshua did have to get the battle over with and the vampire skirmish even more. He needed the entire thing to be done way before Khaos broke through.

So, he disappeared from where the dragon targeted with his breath attack – the only one that had any chance of causing damage, to him at least – and appeared over him, stabbing with Carnwennan at a space between scales behind the guy's neck. Unfortunately, the only reaction he got was a frustrated shout. Yeah, his attacks weren't doing much. Hell, even Incinerate Anthem in the hands of Raynare was doing very little other than burning off scales.

No wonder Grendel was known for powering through damage if he could tank shit like that. Although, to be fair, most dragons were ridiculously difficult to take down. Hence why dragon slaying effects were so sought after if you had to deal with one. So, Joshua decided to use another ace that he'd saved up his sleeve.

Now, he just needed to find a good way to use it. Setan Kober and Carnwennan wouldn't like being put aside, but he thought he might be able to get away with it if it was just a momentary thing. He needed an opening though and with Grendel's unrelenting nature, those were actually kind of hard to find, even with three very capable fighters pitched against him. The dragon would tank attacks before giving them an opening, after all, and he'd avoid attacks intended to create openings.

He was one annoying opponent when one wanted to get a fight over quickly, actually.

No wonder they'd sent him.

Still, Joshua saw his opportunity when Cheshire was smacked away and Raynare was bathing an entire side of the dragon in flames. With one arm occupied for a split second and his attention on an ongoing attack, Joshua turned into sand, slipped in… and summoned Ascalon from a storage spell, stabbing it on the right side of Grendel's abdomen.

The opening wasn't as good as he'd have expected though, because before he realized it, the dragon was already looking at him and his mouth was already open. 'That was a trap,' he realized in a split second before dragon fire washed over where he'd been a second before. His sand form could move quickly, but not that quickly, however. He avoided getting turned into charred grains, but most of his upper clothes were gone and there were very painful burns on his skin.

His spells just couldn't keep up with the damage dragon fire was delivering, evidently. Not even those combined with Margalo could keep away the pain that made him hiss. Shakily, he stood up and regarded the dragon, who was once more being assaulted by Cheshire and Raynare. Ascalon had to be doing a lot of damage, left inside him as it was. His blood had to be burning much worse than Joshua's skin was at that moment and his strength likely was being sapped away from him.

And yet he stood, he fought.

One could say whatever they wanted about Grendel, but that enduring power was just… It was insane. He didn't have any great strength, any awe inspiring power, but just the fact that he kept going no matter what concerned Joshua more than anything. Because even with all the advantages, he felt like the fight was going the same way, nothing had changed. Even with the increased damage and distractions, Grendel persisted.

And suddenly Joshua knew why he was included in a league such as the one of Evil Dragons, beyond his corrupted nature.

'How do we finish this faster?' he wondered, growing concerned with every second that Grendel remained standing. Outside his barriers, he felt another attempt by Annihilation Maker. This time, much like before, the creature tried to consume the energy of his arrays. The Project Summer variation didn't quite work either, because the magic was being processed at the same time as it was consumed. Much of it was probably lost, but some of it was absorbed.

That was when another of his protections against such a creature came into play and that was one that let the magic disperse. If it wasn't going to be hundred percent under his control, then Joshua didn't need the energy, and nobody else would have it. Besides, it wasn't a great loss to have chunks of magic torn away like that. His arrays were always powering up as long as there were enemies inside and boy were there enemies.

Grendel himself could keep the defenses up for as long as necessary at the rate Annihilation Maker was going.

Still, Joshua didn't want to risk it.

"Jeanne," he called, pursing his lips. Things were taking too long. Time to try and speed things up. "Can you hold up on that side by yourself?"

"... With some help, if you plan to pull Kuroka," his sister replied and he nodded to himself.

"I'll have Carmilla send some vampires. We really need to finish this," he said, taking a deep breath in. "Carmilla, send vampires to the other side, will you? Kuroka, come here," he ordered then, not waiting for a response on either side.

Instead, he jumped right in, with his daggers ready. They needed to keep chipping away at Grendel if they wanted to win. That, and keep him from taking out Ascalon. Carnwennan had another idea other than just continue stabbing though and it gave Joshua pause. It could work, of course, but it'd cost them…

And the holy dagger was insistent, so he thought he might as well humor the "suggestion". His poor weapons had to put up with enough boredom due to him. He might as well let them go all out when they had the chance.

So, he gripped the handle of the Carnwennan… and then threw it.

The blade flew true, because of course it did, right towards the opening, the weak spot. True to its nature and its intent, Carnwennan slipped through the defense and embedded itself… right in Grendel's eye. One arm and one eye down, with a dragon slayer sword of considerable power on his side… and the dragon kept standing.

Incinerate Anthem, Holy Light, Senjutsu, Cheshire's Lightning and Nagini's Gaze, his spell arrays and his daggers and…

And Grendel still looked like he could keep fighting whole days.

And every second that passed, Joshua grew more worried.

'Who are you, fucking Whitebeard? The hell is wrong with you? Just fall!' Joshua thought, growing more concerned, especially when he felt Khaos Brigade continuing to push at the barrier outside. 'Fuck,' he thought, eye twitching when he felt one of his spells weaken, dramatically at that.

'Fucking Vali, if I get my hands on you, you piece of-' Joshua started before taking a deep breath in. He needed to focus. Vali was working with Annihilation Maker, that was the only explanation to that sudden change in the situation. Thankfully, that'd still take them some time. Vali couldn't half his entire spell scheme. He needed to go spell by spell and Joshua's arrays re-powered themselves. Maybe not fast enough to not feel the damage, but fast enough to still stand strong for a while.

'Ok, fuck these dragons,' he decided, cracking his neck. 'It'd be nice to end a fight without feeling like I'm about to die, but today's not the day,' he thought despondently. Alas, he'd need to pull one more trick and this one would be far from pleasant. 'Let's go, buddy,' he said once he felt ready.

And then he felt divinity flood his body. The Egyptians had been pushing him before, but that changed at that moment. Most of them pulled back, withdrawing their energies, their blessings, their powers. Instead, only one remained, but that one presence? It grew so strong that it was like the whole pantheon was channeling through him.

Joshua felt his body change like it never had before, skin growing fur, his teeth turning into fangs and a growl rumbling through his throat. Winds picked up around him and sand started flying in circles, like a tornado half-formed. The grains though, were far from normal. He could feel them sharpening, like miniature blades shaping into the most dangerous sandstorm the world had seen in quite a while.

"You, who are you?" Grendel asked, clearly realizing that something was going on even with only one functioning eye and half dead as he was. Joshua expected nothing else, truly. The change would be noticeable for anyone, but especially for a dragon.

"Joshua Davis," he replied, a barking laugh escaping his mouth, his snout. "But, right now," he continued, opening his jaws as he tested his new, strange yet familiar form. "I am the Lord of the Red Lands, the One Before Whom the Sky Shakes. I am, right here, the opponent of the Encircler of the World… Set."

Because that's who one of his main patrons was, Set, the enemy of Apep, the Serpent of Rebirth, the Enemy and, most importantly, one of the Evil Dragons. Set had one or two tricks to deal with the pesky overpowered lizards. He just needed a little more room to flex his divine muscles and Joshua had given him just that.

So, in the middle of the increasingly more dragon slaying storm, he charged, Setan Kober firmly in hand. However, he didn't really need it, he realized a moment later. Why? Because the very sand Set – Him? Both? – had summoned was chipping away at Grendel. Some shards bounced off the scales, some others embedded themselves in between those and in the injuries left behind by the battling.

And all the while, Joshua heard the dragon hissing and laughed.

"Go, finish this silly war already," he ordered, a barked laugh escaping his snout as he waved off everyone. He'd deal with Grendel faster without anyone else as things stood. Anyone that got close would get hit by the storm and those that didn't would be hindered by it. "We need to finish this quickly," he added, feeling Khaos Brigade push through his defenses.

But that didn't matter.

What mattered was that there was a dragon in front of him that needed to die, so that's what he focused on. He stabbed with Setan Kober. His sand recovered Carnwennan for him. The same sand continued carving the scales and the flesh down. Slowly, with every second that passed and the storm raged, the overgrown lizard became less, like an ice cube melting under the sun or, perhaps more accurately, like a piece of metal against grindstone.

"Die already," he growled even though he felt his very canine lips still pulling into a smile. "Die, you stubborn fool," Joshua said and Grendel just laughed, for some reason, even though it was definitely going to die soon.

"Oh, this is glorious," the dragon exclaimed, breathing fire towards him, but the storm didn't care and neither did Joshua. Where before said attack would have burned him to a crisp, now he just took it. Sand protected him and what got through felt like nothing, like putting his hand into a campfire. Uncomfortable, but compared to what it had been before? It might as well be tickling.

He had better things to do than pay that little damage any mind.

No, Grendel needed to die already.

And, eventually, he did. Or, at least, he fell, slowly losing its capability to fight back. The dragon fell to his knees, but it was far from done. Eventually, he stopped being able to make breath attacks. Then the solitary remaining arm fell too. Yet Grendel remained stubbornly trying to fight, even though he had nothing.

Joshua respected that, but he also couldn't stop until the fight was well and truly over.

The dragon needed to be gone before Khaos broke through. That wasn't that far into the future, so he needed to keep pushing and erase Grendel as a threat, one way or another. That's exactly what he did, his sand continuing to blast the creature until less and less of it was left. And, eventually, he was done.

So, there he stood for a long moment, the sands calming down and his breathing evening.

'So long a fight to end so…' Joshua mused to himself, Set slipping back into normal channel level as he looked at what was left of Grendel, barely clinging to life. The dragon couldn't even so much as move, let alone talk or anything else. It felt…

But that didn't matter.

'Thank you,' he thought, feeling Set taking a metaphorical step back, his touch of madness, of chaos leaving with him. Instead, only Joshua was left, exhausted and probably with a worn out soul. And without the probably, he noticed when he looked inside. He had experience with soul shenanigans since the last time he'd played god with the Egyptians' help.

And that meant that he was ready for that too…

Sort of.

'Well, I don't feel like I'm half the Joshua I was before that happened, so the spells do help,' he thought to himself, taking a moment to get himself together. He felt like he had no energy to do anything, despite his body being fine and his magic reserves being well supplied by spells. His bones felt like they were lead and his blood like it was tar. He almost thought he wasn't breathing, with how little oxygen seemed to get into his system, or such was the perception he had of it.

'Not there yet,' he noted, but he could keep going, so that was better than what had happened when Kokabiel and Cao Cao had organized their attack. He wasn't about to drop to the ground and that was a win in his books. He also could feel Project Soul trying to help patch up his frayed soul. It didn't manage, but he'd at least managed to strike a soothing feeling with the magic. 'I can get something better working for next time,' he determined.

Because he had no delusions that he'd need to do it once more.

"Joshua?" Jeanne asked and he blinked, only then noticing that everyone was gathered around him, from his familiars to Kuroka and Raynare. Even Carmilla was there, looking at him warily.

"It's over?" he asked, only half waiting for the answer while he checked his defenses. There was nobody there though, he noticed, and there were no signs of fighting anywhere around. 'Did they leave? Did they figure out that the fight was over? Did they give up?' he wondered, but all those questions would have to wait.

His array was recovering, so he rather doubted Khaos was about to pierce through with one stronger attack. If they were, they'd waited too long, or they should have kept Vali weakening the thing. As it was, Joshua was fairly sure they'd left, but he wouldn't be betting on that.

"It's over," Carmilla replied, her lips pulling up in a pleased smile. Not unexpected at all, honestly. "Losses were few."

"What about the other side?" Joshua asked, although he didn't really care that much. None of them had felt like particularly good people under his senses and spells. Idly, he looked at Kuroka, since she was the only one around that could have sensed something he hadn't.

"Kept the better ones alive," the nekoshou answered, striking a pose that would have Serafall coming up with magical girl ideas and winking at him. "Don't you worry, Joshua, I got your back~ And if you want-"

"Great," he interrupted, too worn out to bother listening to the teasing part of her response. "So, you got this from here?" he asked Carmilla, raising a hand to his mouth. He didn't precisely feel like throwing up, but he felt like he should feel like that, if that made any sense whatsoever.

Maybe it was the fact that he was trying to keep his attention spread between all the people around him, his arrays and, most importantly, the outside of his defenses, where Khaos Brigade could still be, for all he knew.

'Yeah, no wonder I feel dizzy…'

"I do, but I imagine you still want Phenex to keep an eye on things?" the vampire replied and he just looked at her. He'd told her that Ravel would do that, just to make sure she wasn't an idiot dictator or something of the sort. If he was going to be involved in such a mess, he'd make sure that things got better. Kicking Khaos Brigade in the nuts was all well and good, but he'd like to make a change for the better while he was at it, if possible.

And it was very possible, he knew.

"Right," Carmilla continued, clearly not a fan of his demand. She wouldn't be saying anything though, because she owed him. For once, the debt culture of the DxD world came in handy instead of just being annoying and/or awkward. "Anything else I can do for you? I should get started with things now that the fighting is over."

"I just need to check something at the Tepes' headquarters. Other than that, you can do whatever you want," he mumbled, cracking his neck even though it didn't help at all. Unfortunately, going to sleep for a week wasn't an option. There was a traumatized dhampir with a Longinus for him to deal with. Although… "Meredith?" he called, because he was about to use the most useful skill that he'd learned in his life.

"Yes, Professor Davis?"

"Make note of everything, I might need to review some of what's going on. I'm not all here, if you will," he said, hoping the power of delegation would carry his sorry ass. Maybe someone else had a similar idea, because Kuroka moved until she was right beside him and hugged his arm in hers in a way that would usually have him rolling his eyes and flicking her forehead, or worse. Alas, at that moment, all he did was sigh wearily and simply decide to enjoy the warmth of her senjutsu washing over him.

It wasn't quite Yasaka levels of soothing, but it certainly helped.

At least then he felt like he could get through everything that he needed to.

"Of course, Professor Davis," Meredith replied, apparently deciding to ignore Kuroka and her antics too. He appreciated that, because he didn't even have the energy to deal with explaining anything. He just wanted to get things done and go home… and finally let his guard down, because Khaos' sudden radio silence was scaring him more than he cared to admit.

So, like that, they moved into Tepes territory, making a beeline for where he could sense Valiere was. Eventually, they walked into a mansion or something of the sort – he didn't pay much attention to that –, then a basement and finally a dungeon.

And there, Meredith opened a door leading to their goal.

"Hello," he greeted as he stepped in – alone, they didn't need to overwhelm the poor girl –, taking in the wary eyes and the torn soul in front of him. "How would you like to go outside?" was all he asked, giving her the best smile he could. It probably wasn't much, but it grew the smallest bit when he saw some life shining behind her previously dull eyes.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

It's always awkward when a fight comes my MCs way in my stories, because they usually over-prepare like crazy, so things aren't as difficult for them as I expect them to be. However, Joshua? Joshua makes this happen, but twice as hard. The guy is just Batman, but with magic, which makes him extra scary, if you ask me.

I swear I'm not trying to write Gary Stu characters, guys.

I guess this is a side effect of writing competent characters. Also a side effect of a System being involved. Because let's be real. No matter how much someone nerfs it, the System is just broken no matter what. Unless the point of the System is to be literally weak.

Anyway, hope this didn't ruin this arc (and the fight) for you, guys.

Random Question: Do you usually wear anything on your head? Like, glasses, or piercings, or a hat, or band, anything at all. I wear glasses… and that's about it. Boring, I know.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, Panicbox13 and 183 others
Adrian King
Jun 10, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 190 - Damage Done to My Soul
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,009
Damage Done to My Soul

[Joshua Davis]

"Outside…" Valerie mumbled, barely responsive, by the looks of it. He tried his best to get a read on her but she seemed… Very wrong. Not physically, nor mentally, contrary to what one would assume. Her soul though, it was all sorts of broken. It was frayed at the seams, just like his own had been the first time he'd channeled the Egyptians more than he should have, but also worse. Where that time he'd been stretched more than he should have and torn here and there, Valerie almost looked like someone had deliberately cut off pieces of her soul.

'What the fuck?' he thought to himself, gulping and calmly taking a step in the girl's direction. She didn't react to that. Hardly seemed to notice, really. 'She's barely here, if at all,' he noted to himself.

"Outside," he confirmed outwardly. Inwardly, he made a call. 'Friday,' he sent through their bond and the living spell reached across it to settle inside him. Immediately, she expressed worry for all that she'd picked up through the bond far away as she'd been, but also at the state of his soul, which she could sense through his spells and their connection.

His soul would be fine though, but the same couldn't be said about Valerie's.

'Help me with this, girl,' he said.

He'd made Friday with the hopes that he'd get a more adaptable spell array, one that could out-develop Annihilation Maker. She was too much of a young soul for him to pit her against Khaos Brigade though, too child-like for him to be comfortable with that, much like Morag's case after her evolution. So, he'd avoided pulling her into the battlefield.

Now though, this was something she could definitely help with. Adapting his soul related spells from helping him to helping Valerie would require time, but between the two of them? That time was reduced dramatically. Joshua brought up his spells, making the changes he felt comfortable making on the fly and Friday looked at them, ran a model and decided which changes applied and which ones didn't. She also made her own attempts at changes based on Joshua's ideas that he looked over in turn.

She wasn't quite able to come up with her own tries, but she learned ridiculously fast. Perks of being a pure magic creature, one that was very closely related to the spells that they were modifying. She'd be a better ward, hex and boon spellcrafter than him in no time, Joshua was sure. For the moment though, she had to settle on playing assistant, maybe partner.

"I can go outside?" Valerie asked, her voice detached as if the words were alien to her. Idly, Joshua wondered if that was because the concept of being let out was impossible to her after so long or if she was just out of it enough that she literally couldn't string thoughts together well enough. He honestly couldn't tell, even with all his sensing aids. 'She's deteriorating,' he noticed with growing concern, feeling her already precarious condition getting worse.

Whatever Khaos had done to her clearly hadn't been that long ago, if she was spiraling like that. Either that or they'd arrived right before a very bad crash of some sort. Hell, it could be something else entirely, maybe even something related to their attack on the Tepes. One way or another though, Joshua couldn't let her continue as she was.

Slowly, he set up spells to hold her soul together as best he could, soothing the metaphorical burns and trying to nudge her in a good direction, any good direction. Friday and him were kind of two blind people stumbling in the dark, but they had some idea of what they were looking for and what to do, especially as they continued working. Every spell and every little result, they started figuring out what worked, what didn't and what they might want to try next time.

"You can," he whispered, getting a little closer and leaving spells in his wake. Eventually, he sat down in front of her. He was no Kuroka, let alone Yasaka, but he was delving into the realm of Senjutsu. Had been for some time, actually and while most of what he'd done was working on his own life energy to boost himself in combat and such, he could help others too, if only a bit.

[Life Healing - 11/100

Determines the user's ability to heal the target's body with life energy.

Increases the efficacy of Life Healing by 11%.]

'Wish I had worked harder on that,' he lamented, but he knew there wasn't much he could have actually done. His time was almost entirely dedicated to getting better on other things. He couldn't work on everything. So, as it was, it would have to be enough.

And it seemed to be. Between Friday's and his efforts, they had managed something that stopped Valerie's condition – whatever it was – from getting worse. She was still very messed up though and he wasn't in a condition to continue going on for much longer. Joshua himself wasn't doing so hot soul-wise, but he was pushing through. He needed to stabilize the girl and go from there.

"Thanks, Kuroka," he mumbled, just loud enough to be heard, when he noticed the nekoshou support his attempts to sooth Valerie, much like she had with him, from all the way at the door of the "room". He didn't spare the group outside any more mind than that though, casting a few more spells and letting a long breath out.

The dhampir's situation seemed to have reached some sort of balance, shaky as it was. So, with a moment to spare, he calmed his nerves and allowed himself a moment to focus on his own situation and what was going on around him other than Valerie. Fortunately, Khaos hadn't decided to make an appearance, seemingly truly leaving the place, for whatever reason.

Joshua wasn't going to complain if that was really the case.

"Stay here with her. Kuroka, keep an eye on her and alert me if something happens," he said, his voice barely even through his exhaustion. "Everyone else, just stand by in case Khaos makes a move, but I rather doubt that. I'll send a message when you can follow me. We're leaving… Actually, Raynare, when we leave, go and join Ravel in case she needs some extra oomph to her presence, and send Asia and Morag back home."

There were several positive responses and with that, he teleported away.

[}-o-{]​

"Things went well then?" was the first thing that was asked as soon as he appeared back home. It was Serafall, who had been on stand by all throughout. He couldn't very well let her cause an even bigger interfaction mess by participating in the attack. It was a little odd, how his partners weren't included in his own actions – to an extent, but the differentiations were so blurry it wasn't even funny –, but he was happy to have some freedom of action without making things complicated for everyone around him.

"Not quite," Yasaka said immediately afterwards, eyes narrowed. Evidently, she had noticed right away that he was worn in a way that he'd only once been. "You had to channel the Egyptians."

"Just Set," he replied wearily, taking a deep breath in. As he cracked his neck. Joshua directed Friday to start setting up spells much like the ones they had used to stabilize Valerie. His own spell were already helping him. It helped that long established arrays were much better than something improvised. Still not quite enough, but Friday was also casting spells that he'd adapted on the fly over at the vampire's territory. "They brought back Grendel and I had to end the fight quickly. Khaos was right outside my defenses."

"... I see," Serafall mumbled, evidently taking a moment to process the fact that he'd just dropped on them. Not every day that an Evil Dragon was brought back to life, he supposed. She was also very clearly not pleased, lips pursed and jaw set. "Other than that?" she pressed and he moved to sit at the table.

"Maybe we shouldn't ask too many questions while Joshua isn't at his best?" Gabriel asked, the absolute saint that she was. God, Joshua could have kissed her if he weren't feeling like he wanted to sleep for a week. "Joshua, anything we can do?"

"We won the battle," he started with, deciding to give them the highlights anyway, just so that they could know what happened. "Grendel… fuck," he thought, taking a moment to send a message to Cheshire. His feline familiar was already on it, reliable as always. "Jeanne, Meredith, keep Grendel company until we can move him to the cells, would you?"

"Sure thing."

"Of course, Professor Davis."

"So, Grendel is down, Khaos fled and there was a dhampir imprisoned in Tepes territory," he continued explaining, resolutely ignoring the looks he was getting from all three women at the table. "She has a Longinus, Sephiroth Graal, if I had to bet. They probably used that to bring back Grendel, I'm guessing. The Tepes vampires were also affected by the Gear. I'd guess that's how they suppressed the Carmilla. Lots of soul information to analyze from them, I bet, maybe I can even-"

"Joshua?" Gabriel asked softly, reaching towards his hand and giving it a squeeze. "What about the dhampir?" she said and he noticed that he'd gone on a bit of a tangent there.

"Right," he mumbled, blinking down at the table when he noticed there was a cup of tea right there. Had that always been there or was he worse off than he thought? Idly, he noticed Friday pointing out how things that he'd kind of patched with spells were starting to get out of hand for him to handle. Yeah, that tracked. "I left everyone guarding her. I don't know what they did to her, but her soul is… they tore it apart. Friday and I barely managed to stabilize her. Friday is setting up the arrays here to move her. And… Ravel is handling Carmilla too, Raynare is keeping her company… did I forget anything?" he finished his rambling with as if the three of them could answer that.

"Joshua, take a moment. Check on yourself, would you?" Serafall asked then, looking and sounding concerned. Which was funny, because she was the one that wanted more information, right? But now that he was giving it…

Yasaka's Senjutsu wrapped itself around him like a warm blanket and he almost sighed. Focusing on his spells, he tried to patch himself up as best he could. He didn't trust himself with trying to come up with more than he already had over at the vampire factions' territories. His mind wasn't all there.

He was spiraling, deteriorating, just like Valerie had. Not quite as bad on account of all the measures he'd created for the dhampir, but he could see signs of the same effect. 'Good to know,' he mused to himself, asking Friday to remind him of that later when he could properly process the information.

"So, Grendel, the dhampir. We need to deal with those," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. With shaky hands, he brought the cup of tea to his lips. The liquid barely tasted like nothing at all, but there was a hint of the calm it usually brought him, or maybe it was all in his mind. Either way, he appreciated that. "Could you-?"

"We'll take care of both of those," Yasaka answered before he could even finish the question. Idly, he noticed how the three women traded looks before nodding to each other. A moment later, both Gabriel and Serafall had teleported away. "Come on, you need to rest now."

"It's not as bad as last time," he chimed without the youkai saying anything. Her first response was to smile at him exasperatedly. Then she continued with actual words.

"Not as bad, no, but you're far from fine," she pointed out and he chuckled weakly. Although, it might have been more of a sigh, really. Everything was a struggle, but at least he was awake and functioning. That was something, right?

Better than last time, if barely.

"Soul stuff is harder than I thought."

"Who'd have thought, huh?" Yasaka asked him and he could see the raised eyebrow without looking at her.

"The sarcasm wasn't necessary."

"I think it was," she replied drily, but there was a softness to her expression, to her look, that made Joshua smile like an idiot. She – and Serafall and Gabriel, for that matter – had been getting that reaction from him a lot those days. He didn't think there was any particular change to their relationship or anything of the sort, but he just… felt happier with it all.

'Weird, isn't this kind of thing supposed to calm down after some time instead of the opposite?' he mused to himself, taking another sip from his tea to calm himself down. Alas, no such luck, because something else popped up for him to pay attention too. Something decidedly less pleasant than Yasaka.

[Quest Complete: Help the Carmilla faction defeat the Tepes faction.

Rewards:

+ 15 levels to Strength

+ 15 levels to Speed

+ 15 levels to Dexterity

+ 15 levels to Vitality

+ New Skill Acquired: Draconic Resistance

+ 20 levels to Draconic Resistance

+ New Title: Dragonslayer]

'... Interesting,' he mused, blinking at the screen wearily while processing the new information. Draconic resistance was interesting, because he hadn't gotten it the normal way, when withstanding the effects of that particular "element". Instead, it had been a quest reward. Then there was the title, which was fairly straightforward.

[Dragonslayer

Attacks against Dragons inflict a 25% of Dragon Slaying effect.

Draconic attacks deal 25% less draconic effect.]

'Now this, these are proper rewards, Game,' he thought to himself, allowing a small smile hidden in his cup of tea. A good stat boost, a good skill and a good title, all things he could be happy with. Even more considering Joshua thought the chances of coming across another Evil Dragon or Vali were fairly good.

Much better than what he'd gotten from Friday's creation. He had deliberately tried not to think about it too much, but he was still salty about that. The Magic stat boost and Spell Modification being maxed were both great things, for sure, but the special rewards were always the best, in his opinion. Except, that one time…

[??? - Lvl ???/???

Determines the user's ability to understand ???.]

A whole lot of nothing, that's what he'd gotten. The only clue as to what the skill even did was the fact that it was a Language subskill. He wasn't sure what that'd even mean for him or if it'd be useful, but he had to assume it would be. No way creating a sapient spell wasn't going to award something great, right? Except, it had been a while and Joshua didn't think he was any closer to figuring that out.

"Joshua?" Yasaka called and he blinked, dismissing the screens and looking up at the woman. "Maybe you should lie down?" she asked, clearly still a little concerned. For his part, Joshua considered that for a long moment. Ultimately…

"I shouldn't. The dhampir will be here soon and I need to make sure I'm around in case I need to stabilize her… Hell, I should work on something for myself, but I'm… It might take a little bit to make sure I don't mess up. Sleeping isn't going to fix my soul fast enough to matter… from what I know," he explained as best he could, picking his words carefully and considering everything as much as he could without taking forever.

"Hm, but you can take a break, can't you?" Yasaka suggested with a fond smile as she stood up, only to sit down by his side. Then she gently pulled him down to rest his head on her lap. "There, Kunou should be back from her classes soon, but I can tell Fuyuko to look after her. Asia and Morag won't mind taking over once they get back, I'm sure."

"Hm, maybe," he mused, trying and failing not to close his eyes. It was so comfortable… It was truly a shame that he couldn't fall asleep, but then again, remaining awake was pretty nice too. "I need to stay awake, but I can't really do much. Do you think I'm too out of it to spend time with her?"

"Not at all. I'm sure she'll be happy to take care of you," Yasaka replied, amusement in her tone. Right. Kunou taking care of him. The girl thought taking care of people meant doing things she liked, because clearly those were fun for everyone. Although, to be fair, he did share many of his hobbies with her. Joshua would have zero issues brainstorming illusion ideas for her to work on, that was for sure.

Anything too complicated and it might be pushing things though.

Not because he couldn't manage, but because he thought what little brain power he had available was better left for something serious. Not that he didn't think spending time with Kunou was important, but there was a time and place… unfortunately. He'd have to leave the proper spoiling for some other time.

"If you're sure," he mumbled, getting a hum from Yasaka as the woman started running her fingers through his hair. If she was trying to help him stay awake, she was doing a terrible job at it. Sadly, Joshua was pretty sure she was just trying to help him relax, which had high chances of him falling asleep. She probably wasn't very concerned with that possibility either, he imagined.

"I am," Yasaka reassured and even her voice was lulling him to sleep. Was she using her senjutsu for that too? "Sleep, Joshua. We'll call you if you're needed, won't we, Friday?" the youkai leader told him before speaking up at the room's ceiling. His living spell of a familiar replied very earnestly, which only made her seem adorable.

With a smile, Joshua chuckled weakly.

"I didn't stand a chance, did I?"

"Not really, no. Even if you're better than last time, there's no immediate threat. Take a moment to recover, Joshua," Yasaka told him and he hummed lowly before closing his eyes. With a deep breath in, he already felt like his consciousness was slipping away from him.

Some rest sounded heavenly.

[}-o-{]​

"For the record, I still think I shouldn't have slept," Joshua said, taking a deep breath in and checking on Valerie, who had been given a room in one of the many spaces in Yasaka's place. The youkai leader had far from a normal house, after all. It was why Joshua had been able to move in with Jeanne and Asia without issue.

Still, he'd have sent her to his house, with Raynare and Kuroka, but he preferred to have her closer by. Her condition hadn't gotten worse, but it was also not getting better. Even Joshua himself could already see the beginnings of recovery in his own soul. Barely there at all, but there were signs that he was getting better, if he looked close enough.

Not Valerie though. Where his metaphorical wounds were like cuts, slowly closing and healing, hers were like… amputations. Like someone had taken an axe to her soul and hacked pieces of it off. It was… disturbing, nauseating. The life and afterlife gods of the Egyptian pantheon were particularly enraged by the sight of it. Osiris in particular was reminding Joshua of Set, which was very concerning.

'We'll get them,' he thought, because he himself wanted an extra piece of Khaos Brigade after witnessing that. The gathering of deities seconded that statement with such force that Joshua felt his already fragile soul shake a little. They'd hold him to that. Souls were sacred, after all.

'Speaking of sacred,' Joshua thought, focusing on Valerie through his senses once more. 'I have a good idea why they did that to her,' he mused. Because, if Khaos hadn't done something to her in relation to Sephiroth Graal, then he wasn't a magician.

"... Joshua?" a voice said, making him blink and return to the world outside his mind. Apparently, soul damage made him even more absentminded. "I said that you could believe whatever you wanted," Gabriel commented, apparently very amused, if fondly so.

It took him a moment to remember that yeah, he'd said something about not needing to sleep, right?

"Fine," he decided to admit, because being stubborn would just be silly. "So, I'm not at my best right now," he mumbled, resolutely ignoring the way Gabriel seemed more amused with that. "My reasons for wanting to stay awake are sound though."

"They are," the angel acknowledged and that went a long way to him relaxing and further admitting that resting sounded amazing. Alas, he couldn't afford to. Not that he wanted to avoid sleep forever, but Khaos could still come back for the Carmilla and Valerie could still start crashing once more.

So, he'd rather stay somewhat alert just in case. If it came to that, he'd channel the Egyptians some more. It'd put him right back on top condition and more, even if it'd further damage and strain his soul.

"For how long do you plan to stay awake, however?" Gabriel asked and he had to acknowledge that point with a grimace. Because he didn't, in fact, know the answer to that. He'd probably relax about Khaos after a day or two, but Valerie? She could get worse at any point and he was starting to doubt she'd ever get better, with or without his help. And he'd need to get better himself if he wanted to be able to offer that doubtfully useful help.

"I know you all are right, okay?"

"Do you?" It wasn't Gabriel that asked that, but Kunou, who had been dutifully working through her homework to Joshua's side. Yasaka had left her with Joshua and Gabriel while she, Serafall and Ravel talked about the vampire business. Apparently, the youkai and the devils had some useful history with those factions that they could apply now that they were more… neutrally oriented, if not outright allies.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"You complain a lot for someone that knows he's wrong," his daughter answered with and he just stared at her with slightly narrowed eyes. She replied to that with her best – and most useless – innocent look. "Don't you think, dad?"

"Yes, don't you think so, Joshua?" Gabriel tacked in and he felt his eye twitch.

"It's not enough that you gang up on me with your mom?" he asked Kunou, who somehow doubled down on her innocent look.

"Well, Gabriel is with you, isn't she? And you're with mom," his daughter started reasoning and he already didn't like where she was going. Nervously, he glanced towards the angel on his other side, but the woman didn't seem to react to what Kunou was saying, even though she likely had figured it out before he did. "So, doesn't that mean she'd be like… my step-mom, if things go well?"

Now, how to answer that without stepping in one of the thousand mines that he could think of?

Easier said than done.

"... If things go well is the key part there, Kunou," he started with, picking his words as carefully as he could without taking forever. "And since there's that uncertainty, I don't know how good an idea is to bring that kind of thing up," he added, mostly trying to let her know that she wasn't wrong to think so, but to say it. Hopefully she'd understand. She was a smart girl. Although, to be fair to her, Joshua himself wasn't sure how to address that whole situation. Not only was he not socially skilled enough, but it wasn't like he could have known, considering he came from a world where his relationship situation was very much not normal. "As it is, saying that kind of thing can make people feel awkward about it if they hadn't considered that or if they aren't very certain about things."

"Aren't you?"

Was his daughter trying to kill him?

She did know that he sucked at social stuff, right?

Wasn't it enough that his soul was frayed, but he had to deal with this too?

… Maybe he should have let Set wreck his soul a little more.

"I am," he replied, deciding that honesty was never a wrong approach to things, even if it could cause trouble. "My relationship with Gabriel is complicated for a number of reasons though, so-"

"And I appreciate you being careful because of that," the aforementioned angel interrupted with, making him turn towards her and seeing a light pink dusting on her cheeks, her eyes looking at nothing in particular, but in Kunou and his general direction. "But I'd appreciate it if you were a little less careful, Joshua. I don't want you to walk on eggshells around me… And I don't mind Kunou thinking about things the way she said."

"Neat!" his daughter eloquently said.

Joshua, for his part, smiled widely at the angel, getting a shy one in return from her.

Crisis averted, he enjoyed the rather comfortable atmosphere around the room. The situation outside could be a little shaky here and there, but over all, things were good then and there. Joshua decided to appreciate that and be happy for the moment.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I hesitate to call this an aftermath chapter. I feel like it's a post-battle chapter, but not really true aftermath. More like a winding down? Am I making any sense here? I feel like I'm not…

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this… whatever chapter.

Random Question: Do you play anything on your phone? It's funny that I play two phone games on my computer instead of my phone (those are Arknights and Backpack Brawl). I do play Brotato on my phone though. I have it on my computer, but it's a weirdly fitting game for phone, not gonna lie.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, Panicbox13 and 164 others
Adrian King
Jun 17, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 191 - Don’t Worry, I’ll Be Fine New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,017
Don't Worry, I'll Be Fine

[Joshua Davis]

A whole day after the attack on the Tepes territory, Joshua wasn't really feeling any more calm than the day before.

His soul was still on the mend, but his mind wasn't as scrambled anymore, so that was a great plus. Friday and he had been working on spells to help patch himself – and Valerie too, it was important to note – and they'd made… some progress. Spells that affected the soul were hard to make, after all.

He was acutely aware that his success on Project Ascension was because the thing was based on the soul on top of the body, the mind and the magic. His endeavor had leaned heavily on more easily understood parts of the process and the soul had kind of been nudged by everything else. As it was, Joshua had been lucky that had worked, because it could have very easily not.

At the time, it hadn't… it had been a concern, but not a big one. Raynare might be useful and all, but he hadn't quite been what one could call fond of her as he was by then. There was also the fact that he hadn't even understood all the things he had been inadvertently touching on. So, now he'd be wary of trying something new on her. Which was why he wanted to try a third set of wings with someone else that wasn't her.

The point was that he was still a beginner when it came to soul related magic and it was showing. He was progressing at a snail's pace, if that. A whole day and the changes to his spell arrays had been minimal. Thankfully, it wasn't like he had a lot to do other than continue working on that. He'd made sure to clear his schedule just in case and it had very obviously been the right choice.

He could have, but he would rather not deal with stupid students right that moment, for example.

"Dad?" Kunou asked and he blinked, turning towards her. She didn't look like she'd been calling him for long, at least. That had happened a few times already, he wasn't proud to admit. "What do you think of this?" she added, passing him a piece of paper. Those days, it was a fifty-fitfy that such a thing would have either a spell circle prototype or a card idea, really.

Sure enough, there was an illusion project drawn on it.

Blinking as his mind shifted gears, he looked it over. Nothing immediately stood out for him to notice, but that only worked about half the time. Any small detail could screw everything when it came to magic. It didn't take him long to find some such minute details, reaching for a red pen, he started pointing them out. He noticed Kunou wincing a little with every one of those, but that was what learning was all about. Make mistakes and learn from them.

At least she had a teacher in Joshua. For a while, he'd wished he had someone to teach him. Alas, he'd had to make do with copious amounts of book studying and pre-casting proof-reading. By the time he could have managed to get teachers, he was either too used to his methods or there was no one that he could find to teach him. Unfortunate, but maybe that was part of the reason why he was apparently so different from the usual magician, so he wasn't too bothered those days.

"Really good, considering you're trying new things here," he commented, seeing that Kunou was getting kind of discouraged with how many mistakes he found. He wasn't even lying though, because that was the full truth. She was delving into new things, applying illusions to other senses like smell or touch, even though she'd had that idea of using her artificial Sacred Gear for the latter. Considering that, it would have been weirder if she hadn't had a bunch of errors. "Ambitious, by the way," he added with a proud grin.

Adorably, Kunou returned the gesture with a shy smile of her own, shifting where she sat and blushing a little bit.

"Thanks," she mumbled, taking back the sheet and looking it over. Her expression swiftly changed a moment later as she pouted at it like the thing had personally offended her. "I know that one," she grumbled under her breath as she started writing down on a new page.

Peeking over her shoulder, Joshua noticed that she did, indeed figure out the mistake and the solution almost immediately. Some others weren't quite that easily solved for her, but he tried not to hand-feed her all the answers. It'd be better if she figured it out herself, but that was easier said than done. A bit of a balancing act, like everything in life, as far as Joshua was concerned.

"You're doing really well," he commented and she hummed happily, even though she tried not to show it.

"Thanks," she mumbled and he was sure she had that shy smile back on her face even as she hid it with her hair and looking down. "Do you think Fuyuko will take long to get the tea?"

"I'll be very surprised if she doesn't walk through the door in the next minute, don't worry," he reassured her with a chuckle. She'd become a tea addict too, at some point, after all. He wasn't sure if he should be as happy with that as he was, but that was still the case.

"I hope so," Kunou mumbled, but then Joshua saw her pausing and looking at him. Immediately, he sat a little straighter at the concern shining in her eyes. "Are you alright, dad?"

'Oh, that's all.'

"I'm doing better, don't worry," he reassured with a smile and pushing her shoulder with his. "Literally nothing to worry about this time, I promise. I'm just… tired, but I'll be fine in no time," he said, not really lying but also not telling the full truth. That was the case. It was just that his weariness came from his soul rather than his body or his mind.

Saying his soul was exhausted sounded more concerning than it was though, so he hoped he could be excused for that sort-of lie.

[}-o-{]​

[Aika Kiryuu]

"I'm starting to see a pattern," she commented dryly as she looked at the even more absentminded than normal Joshua. "And I really don't like it."

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about," the man replied and there was a familiar weariness to the way he spoke, like he had to drag his word all the way from his lungs and out of his mouth. Wasn't the first time Aika saw him like that and she was starting to see that it wouldn't be the last. She didn't even know what had happened and neither did Issei, but that didn't stop either of them from worrying.

She could see her boyfriend – working at the cafe while she studied magic, like was becoming usual – sneaking not at all stealthy, worried glances Joshua's way. The cafe's owner, for his part, seemed intent on acting like he wasn't very obviously more than a little out of sorts. She had to call for his attention more than normal, for one, but he also moved sluggishly. Everything he did seemed to take effort…

And she might have cast some quick divining spells to see if something was wrong with him and the results were worryingly confusing. The man hadn't even noticed, which was already a red flag on its own, but while the results came out sort of fine, there were details here and there that told Aika her suspicions were correct. There was something wrong with Joshua, even though his body was fine.

She also had a feeling that he wasn't going to tell her if she asked.

So, instead, she sighed.

"I'm just gonna say, even if you ignore it, other people are still going to worry, you know?" she was all she offered on the matter, taking some satisfaction in the chagrined expression that showed in Joshua's face. As much of a victory as she was going to get, she was sure. "So, about this spell…" she continued with.

She wasn't going to get much more on the matter from Joshua, she could tell without even using magic. So, she might as well keep picking the man's brain. Out of it like he was, magic still came to him in a way that it did to few, if anyone at all. She'd already known he was a special kind of magician even before meeting the Stars and hearing the kind of absolutely insane pillar of the magical world that he was.

He wasn't even that much older than her and he was already a power that people thousands of years old looked at warily. A faction leader and almost leading part of a solid alliance of factions, that was also part of who Joshua was. The magician associations bended over backwards for his every whim and they did so happily, because any person in his classes seemed to automatically be better than most others that had once been in their same level.

And that was the person that Aika's boyfriend had stumbled into the good graces of.

She liked Issei as he was, perversion and all, but she was sure that even without the things that she liked about him, just the favor of presenting her to Joshua would have earned him lots of points. That was a once in a lifetime opportunity, likely even rarer than that. Aika was sure that she wasn't even capable of understanding how big meeting Joshua and everything that followed was. Maybe she never would. All the same, she was plenty grateful.

Which was part of why the man really needed to start taking better care of himself, honestly.

"I know you guys worry," Joshua commented absently, almost casually as he picked up his cup of tea. "But I really am alright. I'll just take a bit to recover from the last bout of… annoyance I had to deal with." Was that code for a battle like the one Issei had had to help with before? It sounded like it was. Aika didn't know if she should be relieved or annoyed that Joshua hadn't called for her boyfriend that time. "You can tell Issei that. I'll be right as rain in a few days."

"... I imagined," she said, not at all feeling better. "Your current condition is only part of the issue though."

"Oh?"

"We worry that one of these… annoyances will get the better of you one of these days," she explained and he seemed to pause, as if the possibility hadn't occurred to him. What was the unexpected part though, that the chance of failure was there in their minds or that they were worried about him like that? She didn't think she liked either possibility, so hopefully it was something else entirely. "Also, even if you're fine, that doesn't mean we have to be happy that you ended up like this, Joshua."

"... That's… fair," he acknowledged slowly, as if processing what she said. "There's a lot going on that you don't know about, shouldn't know about," he started explaining and while Aika wasn't happy with the vagueness, she was happy that she was getting some sort of explanation. Any information was better than none, right? It was why she delved into the field of magic she did.

Speaking of, maybe she could divine more once she was on her own, so anything Joshua gave her would help her narrow things down.

"The supernatural world is dangerous, as you well know, and I'm kind of dealing with one of the most dangerous parts of it. It's not safe at all, but I'm managing to be as safe as I can and I have very capable people making sure that's actually the case," he told her and she nodded slowly. None of what he said was a lie, as far as she knew, so she'd have to take that at face value.

Aika was still going to cast more than a few spells to see if she could get more though.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Was it odd that he found himself reassured in the middle of so much battle?

Back at his place in Kyoto – not Yasaka's, his –, in the training space, while his familiars, Jeanne and everyone else sparred and trained, Joshua found himself… relaxed, sort of. The same way he'd found some calm in his classroom at House of Water, he found peace in the fact that most people he knew and cared about were getting stronger, which meant that they were safer.

He'd also spent so much time there that the entire chaotic situation was something familiar, he supposed. Those days he didn't train much himself, too busy working on his million magic projects, but just sitting there was nice. That wasn't to say he was leaving his physical training entirely abandoned though. He couldn't, if he didn't want his daggers to rebel against him.

Fortunately, his last battle had very much satisfied those two for the time being.

Speaking of his weapons though, Joshua pulled away from his books and notes. Idly, he had Friday store them away. He could do that with a wave of his hands, but the living spell liked having stuff to do. Especially those days, for some reason. His best bet was that she was also trying to help prove herself, be helpful and generally show off. She couldn't spar like the rest of his familiars, after all, so she had to be a little more roundabout.

As far as Joshau was concerned though, she was the best, because fighting was great, but having someone around to help with smaller stuff was just as good if not better. There was also the fact that she could help him with magic too. Morag had delved a little, making magic circles with web, but she'd never gotten very far with that and now she was too childish to bother. Not Friday though, childish or not, the magic spirit was a great caster all the same.

The living spell liked that thought, he noticed.

Shaking his head to focus himself once more, he pulled out Ascalon from his storage spell. He hadn't returned it to Heaven yet but… He had a feeling he wouldn't. The sword clung to him like an odd mix of Setan Kober and Carnwennan. It hungered for battle and blood like the demonic kris, but there was a righteousness to its fury that was very similar to the holy dagger. There was a desire to set things right, to hunt the monsters of the world.

To help him kill dragons.

Joshua paused, considering that. He likely wouldn't have too much trouble getting Heaven to let him keep the thing, he knew. There was also the fact that there was a non-zero chance that Khaos would bring back to life more Evil Dragons. After all, he didn't know what they had done to Valerie yet, but he was sure they had tried to take her Sacred Gear. Considering the state she was in, there was a chance that they had succeeded and he couldn't risk it.

He could hope that they had failed, of course, but he wouldn't be betting anything on that.

So, he had to assume they had managed it and that Valerie had survived by some miracle, either because she was a dhampir or some difference in the method of taking her Sacred Gear compared to the artifact the Grigori had access to. Actually, Joshua didn't know if the one that had appeared in canon was the only one that existed or the only one canon Raynare had gotten her hands on.

'Either way, I guess you and I are gonna stick together for now,' he thought, admiring the rather impressive holy dragon slayer sword. And wasn't that an imposing array of descriptors for a weapon? Ascalon was no Excalibur, but it was also not some second-rate weapon either. It was famous and it was strong.

The artifact, in turn, replied to his thoughts with a hum of its holy aura. It liked that idea, it seemed, and Joshua was glad for that. He knew that having such weapons on his side was never a bad thing at all. Setan Kober and Carnwenna were discreet, but their effects were outstanding, and the shift in their effectiveness when they were fully behind the fact showed and it showed a lot.

He remembered Setan Kober being a pain to deal with. Its berserker effect had been more of a drawback than an actual help. It had been a good while since that had been the case though and that was because the kris had accepted him as his wielder, he supposed. Then there was Carnwennan, which had been a lot more supportive, but when it was pleased with him? Its effect worked a lot better, searching for weak points in the enemy's defenses.

"That's a fine sword," Jeanne commented, apparently having approached him at some point. "You've been staring at it for a while, did you know?"

No, he did not, in fact, know. He was confused by that realization, but not really all that much. It might be confusing, but he did know that he was rather out of sorts those days. It just didn't help him deal with the effects it had on him, but he did understand that.

He didn't know if that made any sense.

"It is a very good sword, yeah," he agreed, deciding to ignore the other set of words. "And it seems it's gonna stick around for now. So…" he added, before cracking his neck and standing up. "Wanna help me become a better swordsman?" he asked with a smile.

Maybe some physical exercise would help his soul recover faster? Might as well try, he guessed. And if it didn't work out or it was actually detrimental, then Friday would tell him.

"Sure thing," Jeanne said, summoning a sword immediately in her hand. "Always up to kicking your ass."

"Gotta take the chance, right?" he replied, not bothered at all. "While I'm weak and at something I'm not good at," he added and his grin widened when he saw her expression twitch.

That's what she got for acting cocky.

[}-o-{]​

[Ravel Phenex]

"Ravel!" a voice called and she blinked and looked up.

Idly, she wondered if she'd just channeled her inner Joshua. Because she'd seen him do something like that a lot. Especially when he was working on something in his notebooks, much like she had with her own at that very moment. Which then made her wonder if his bad habits were rubbing off on her.

That'd be… tragic.

Because Joshua was great, he truly was, but that didn't mean that Ravel wanted to be exactly like him. Everyone had their… eccentricities, to put it mildly, and it seemed like the strongest people had those proportionally noticeable. Just like the Satans were infamous for having plenty of oddities, she supposed.

The point was that Ravel would much rather pick up some of Joshua's good habits instead of the bad ones.

"Are you even listening?"

Right, she was supposed to be paying attention to Riser, right? She really was picking up on Joshua's bad habits, wasn't she? That was… tragic indeed, but also concerning. She'd need to do something about that as soon as possible. She couldn't afford to be that absentminded.

"Sorry, you were saying?" she asked, trying her best to look the picture of innocence. She was no Kunou – she'd grudgingly admit –, but she had always prided herself in having her family wrapped around her little finger. Alas, it seemed like the trick didn't work this time. Riser was in a particularly bad mood, apparently.

"You're still working on the human's stuff?" Riser asked, a tone she didn't like slipping into his voice when he said "human". The expression he directed at her notebook was even worse, truly.

Then again, she wasn't surprised at all. Riser had never quite gotten over the wound to his pride that Joshua had delivered. The rest of the Phenex family… dealt with it, some better than others, but Riser just couldn't. He hated what Joshua had done to them all, even though it wasn't even that bad, in the grand scheme of things and especially considering how things could have gone.

"I am," she replied dryly. Once upon a time, she might have tried to defuse or be polite or generally try not to anger Riser much. Alas, she'd long since ran out of patience. She wasn't wrong for pursuing a path that would lead her to greatness, after all. Ravel didn't even think Joshua was wrong for using the tools available to him as he had. Hell, the man had masterfully accomplished a baffling number of things in just the one move against her family.

Sure, it stung that it was against her family, but again, it hadn't even been as bad as it could have been. Joshua could have crushed them in a number of ways. Instead, he'd been his kind self and just done what amounted to almost nothing with all the power in his hands. Although, to be fair, that by itself was a powermove that was almost more impressive.

Unintentional as it might have been.

"It's not enough that you spend the whole day playing servant to him, you have to bring his presence into our house?" Riser asked, his entire being growing more annoyed, angry. Ravel could have rolled her eyes at him.

"Personal assistant, not servant. I don't cook for him, I don't clean for him, I don't deliver coffee to him. I help organize his schedule and his resources," she explained, like she had a number of times already. Although, there might have been some lying by omission there. She didn't deliver coffee to Joshua, but she had brought him tea a few times.

It wasn't part of her job though, but it helped Joshua work better when she needed his input whether he liked it or not. Besides, it didn't hurt to do something small like that once in a while, right? Joshua did a lot of things for her that he didn't need to do, so doing things outside her job description was fine, right? She was just further affirming her spot by his side, that was all.

She ignored the little voice in the back of his head that whispered how much nicer and warmer it was to be over there than at her own house.

She was not like the stray cat.

…

She wasn't.

"You're not that delusional, are you? Ravel, you're supposed to be smart. Why are you acting like this is good?" Riser asked her and she took a deep breath in. No words left her mouth though, because as she went to speak, a corner of her mind said it was better to just not.

Instead, she stood up, picking up her notebook and resolved to leave.

Her parents weren't even home, her older brothers were busy and Riser…

Yeah, she'd just leave.

"Ravel? Where are you going?!" Riser called behind her but she resolutely ignored him until she reached their teleportation circle. "Ravel!"

"I'll be going to be a servant, if it's all the same to you, brother," she said to a wide-eyed Riser before disappearing. A moment later, she found herself in an empty room, calming herself before sighing. Feeling more annoyed than she thought she ought to, she left through the door and moved through the halls with the same ease she did those in her own home.

"Ravel?" Kunou asked when she entered the room where they usually all worked together, if each with their own things. "Didn't you leave like an hour ago?"

"I…" she started before she found that words failed her. What was she supposed to say? That she was running away from her annoying brother? That her home was ironically cold? That she missed-

"Did you forget something?" Joshua asked, eyes slightly unfocused like they had been ever since the attack on the vampires. "We were about to watch Sera's latest episode, but that can wait a bit if you need to tell me something."

"... Actually, I can wait until that's over," she answered, much to Kunou's evident delight. That was good, she supposed. Not that she cared much for the younger girl, but being nice to her would make Joshua happy. That was also why she indulged the excited chatter about the magical girl show that Ravel had once looked down on and now knew every single trivia detail about.

It was only because of that, honest.

Waiting for the episode to be over would also give her time to come up with an excuse for coming back, so that was convenient too.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

You know how it goes, guys. For every chapter of action, there's gotta be at least ten that are like this, just chilling and progressing things or progressing the preparations for the progress to happen. Or progressing the progress so that other things may progre-

I think you get it.

All the same, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go? I think I'd like to go to Japan, but at the same time… Eh, I'm not all that big on touristing and traveling. I think the best vacation for me would be like, going to a neat fancy hotel or cabin and staying there doing nothing but relaxing for the entirety of the trip.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, Hapheastues and 174 others
Adrian King
Jun 24, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 192 - Here’s to a Moment of Life
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,026
Here's to a Moment of Life

Joshua's last step down the stairs was already letting him know that things would be different this time.

Every single time, whenever he went to visit Yasaka's dungeon to "check" on their prisoners from Khaos Brigade, he was welcomed with something. Maybe Cao Cao or the devils felt like insulting him. Or maybe Kokabiel or Georg were feeling particularly chatty. Now though, they were all silent, but there was some kind of tension filling the air, like they were waiting for him to say something.

He didn't though, simply walking to the middle of the space between cells. There, he took his seat as he usually did and brought out his notebook. Not only was he never there to talk, but he wasn't feeling particularly extroverted either, considering how he was still recovering from his last bout against Khaos. His soul was solidly fine, well in its way to recovery. He'd even made some nice bits of progress on his spells too, but he still felt his soul weary, his mind sluggish and his body heavy.

At least his attention wasn't all over the place and his body didn't feel like giving up at random times either.

All in all, he'd felt good enough to go back to his routine, sort of. He wasn't going to be participating in anything too strenuous for the moment. Khaos Brigade would just have to deal with his allies for the time being. Everything else though? It was all fair game, as far as he was concerned.

And he was especially motivated to tackle his prisoners once more.

"Finally deigned to visit," Grendel said, what remained of his body – if it could be called that – slumped against the wall. He was recovering, Joshua could see, but dragon or not, it was difficult to heal from the damage he'd withstood. Especially since that damage had been delivered by a dragon slaying element. "I thought I'd just been dropped in with the broken toys to be forgotten," the dragon commented, trying to appear casual, but there was an underlying angry growl in his voice that Joshua picked up immediately.

"I'd never do that," he replied with the slightest of smiles, not really mocking but certainly not friendly either. "You're much too good a source of information, after all," he added, leaning back on his chair and considering what to check first. He had so many ideas, so many things to test on Grendel…

"You think I'll tell you anything?" the Evil Dragon replied, equal parts insulted and amused. "You must be out of your mind."

"As if he needs you to talk," Kokabiel was the one that said that, actually laughing out loud, much to the dragon's annoyance and affront. The Cadre didn't seem to mind overly much though. "Oh no, prepare yourself to have your entire being poked and prodded and likely torn under his spells even more than they were during your fight. You thought he was something before? You'll have a ridiculously different opinion by the end of the day."

"Are you mocking me, crow?" Grendel hissed, but that only made the fallen laugh harder.

Whatever else they were going to say after that, Joshua didn't care enough to find out. It was amusing, in a way, a part of him acknowledged. However, most of his mind just wanted to get things over with so that he could leave as soon as possible. He didn't like going there to torture the poor bastards for knowledge. He didn't like himself during the time he spent there, and the things he had to do he liked even less.

He needed that information though, especially then and there.

Getting to know more about Grendel, dragons and Evil Dragons was likely going to help a lot. He didn't have any other sources of information in that regard. There was Issei with the Boosted Gear and Ddraig, for sure, but they barely counted, considering the nature of it all being bound by a Sacred Gear. There was only so much he could pick up with that in the way, unfortunately.

Grendel though? He was right there, free for him to poke at. There was the fact that he was a resurrected dragon, he supposed, but even then it'd be useful stuff to know. Khaos was likely to bring back some other Evil Dragons the same way if they could. Even if that weren't the case, it would have still been better than nothing.

"There he goes," Kokabiel commented idly when Grendel groaned. "Have fun, Grendel. Was nice talking to you."

Joshua side-eyed the fallen for a moment, pondering the idea of punishing the guy, but then… Did he really care to do that? Why would he? It was a little annoying, but that was about it. It wasn't like he cared that Grendel was being mocked. Hell, he didn't know why Kokabiel was mocking the dragon, considering he'd gotten that treatment a lot more and he was likely to get it once more at some point.

Ultimately, he decided it wasn't worth his time for the moment.

Grendel was too fascinating to turn away anyway.

A true dragon was, indeed, a lot different than whatever the Boosted Gear situation was. He figured that out in less than a minute after he started. Everything had something for him to look at, from the blood, to the bones, to the magic. Especially the magic, with its special draconic nature. He'd never gotten a close enough look at a deity, but he wondered if they'd be anything like that.

'Wonder if I can get some draconic spells going…' he thought to himself, poking at every part of Grendel he could see. There was definitely a lot he could use there, and that wasn't even counting for improving his demon slayer hexes and wards. Yes, getting the Evil Dragon in his grasp might have been the best capture they had gotten, even more so than Cao Cao and his True Longinus.

'So much to check here…' he thought absently, ignoring the hisses, groans and sometimes outright cries coming from the dragon.

[}-o-{]​

[Penemue]

As Davis and Phenex appeared in front of her, she found herself a little on edge.

First, because she couldn't help but see them – especially the supposed human – differently in light of recent events. The supernatural world was whispering about their latest deed. Not only had they staged a coup within another faction, but they had been resoundingly successful and Davis had faced an Evil Dragon while he was at it. The fact that the man could drop by to their place and give one of them another set of wings after all that felt like a statement, one that said he was getting stronger by the second.

The coup part was also, admittedly, very concerning by itself, Penemue would admit.

Concerning, but also interesting.

Second of all, she was taken aback by the look on the two. She had expected Davis to look worn out, even if he could still go. However, he looked… not the same as usual, but he didn't look worse for wear, really. His expression was more muted, his movements slow, but other than that, he looked normal.

And that was terrifying.

What kind of human went through what he did and came out looking like he'd only exhausted himself a little bit?

"Penemue," he greeted, his voice even, almost disinterested. "It's good to see you."

'Is it?' she almost blurted out, but her better judgement prevailed. Meeting the two of them had been a nerve wracking experience every single time, even after she'd offered them an olive branch. After all, Azazel was always there and Penemue had to stand between the two as the tension racked up. Even when none of it was directed at her, she couldn't help but find herself very much affected by the atmosphere.

It was like standing between the points of two blades.

"To business then," the man added, apparently taking her silence as an answer. Fortunately, he didn't seem offended by that, but the Phenex girl definitely was on his behalf. If anything though, despite how harmless the girl looked, that was more scary than the human himself being angry. After all, Penemue knew more or less what Davis' anger looked like and it was… manageable.

The devil's though? That was a lot less so.

"I trust everything has gone well on your end?" she asked, putting as much genuine curiosity as she could in her voice. If one was friendly, Davis would be friendly. It was a simple matter, really, Penemue knew. Fortunately for her, she didn't need to try too hard, since the man hardly did much to get on people's bad side other than what his bizarre existence brought.

"Yeah," the man replied and the excited glint in his eyes caused a shiver to travel down her spine. That could never be good. She'd learned as much from working so closely with Azazel. "I've gotten my hands on so much. I'll be busy for quite a while."

Terrifying.

Absolutely terrifying.

"Anything I should know about what goes on here? Or can know, for that matter," he asked back and Penemue wondered if he genuinely wanted an answer or if he was just asking to be polite. Anyone else, and she'd have thought they were fishing for information on her faction. However, if she knew anything about Davis, it was that he didn't care for politics.

Alas, the same couldn't be said about the Phenex.

"... Right, I shouldn't even have asked," Davis replied as if realizing that the question was very much not easy to answer for her. If anything, it made his honest and open answer to hers all the more odd. Truly, she hadn't expected to get one at all, even if it'd been fairly vague. Then again, he might be more out of sorts than he looked.

She wondered if that was good or bad for her at that very moment.

"Mr. Davis did answer your question," the devil on the man's shoulder chimed in, eyes almost shining as she gazed upon Penemue like a hungry little demon. "It'd only be right for you to answer his, don't you think?"

"Don't put Penemue on the spot, Ravel," Davis said, shaking his head and chuckling lightly. "I shouldn't have answered to begin with and I didn't even say that much anyway. It's fine," he added and Penemue could have hugged him. He really was the best to deal with out of the two. Maybe out of everyone she had to deal with in any sort of regular manner. "Reserve that for Azazel."

"Of course, Mr. Davis."

Well, that was unfortunate, but Penemue found herself caring less and less about Azazel and his foot-in-mouth syndrome those days. Her stubborn boss might not be doing himself any favors with his stubborn antics, but at least he wasn't sabotaging his own faction. She didn't know what it was that caused his stupidity, but she was beginning to think the Vali situation was a lot more delicate than she'd initially thought.

And that was troublesome, because if Azazel really couldn't let go of that and the Lucifer brat poked at the barely healing wound between Grigori and Davis, then…

Then things would get all the more complicated.

Penemue didn't know what she'd do if it came to that. Grigori was her first priority, after all. Not Azazel and certainly not the devil spawn that had caused so many headaches for her. Grigori was her baby as much as it was Azazel's. As such…

"Things are a little tense," she said, taking both of her guests aback. "Azazel is trying really hard to make Vali's infiltration bear fruits."

"And it's not working, I take it," Davis replied after a moment and her silence was answer enough. "I see."

"Joshua!" Azazel greeted once they walked through the door, jovial and friendly as he irritatingly persisted in being. As if that alone would get him in Davis' good graces. That only worked when you weren't actively being a thorn on the man's side, which the Governor definitely was. Most of all because he refused to see sense, apologize meaningfully or anything else that might be considered sensible. "So good to see you! How have you been?"

"Good," was the curt answer and Penemue could almost see Davis' mood freezing like the icicles that were his eyes all of a sudden. "Now, I guess this is the latest promotion subject?" he asked, almost flatly, as he turned towards the third fallen in the room, who squirmed under his gaze.

"Yep, this here is-"

"I don't need his name," Joshua said, interrupting and waving Azazel off. Penemue and her fellow fallen both looked between the two men for a moment. She almost wanted to get back into the conversation, but she imagined that'd only cause bad things for her. "I think I'll be trying a six winged ascension soon, by the way," he dropped casually, causing three sets of eyes to widen. "So, look for someone appropriate, would you kindly?" he asked, and the question was directed towards her not Azazel.

"... I will," she answered as calmly as she could, resolutely ignoring the look her "boss" was sending her.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Dealing with Azazel was always draining.

The man was infuriating in his deliberate obliviousness to their situation. Every time Joshua felt like maybe he was too angry or too unreasonable, the fallen would act like nothing was wrong and he'd remember that the Governor had acted that way right after endangering his family. Even Kalawarna had regretted her choices, even if only because of how badly they had backfired on her.

Azazel? Azazel didn't seem to care.

That was what angered Joshua the most.

"I shouldn't have let you and Ravel schedule this right after a Grigori visit," he commented, his voice almost a sigh as he brought his cup of tea to his lips. Idly, he glanced to the side and saw many a devil staring in their direction. Some of them curious, some of them obviously bothered by the sight and others… awed? Those were the oddest of the bunch, Joshua thought.

"That bad, huh?" Serafall asked, idly stirring her own drink with a spoon as she leaned forward onto the table at the cafe they were sitting at.

"Azazel was feeling particularly chatty, that's all," he commented and that time the sigh escaped his lips before he could stop it. "The man is determined to annoy me, apparently," he thought out loud, running his hand through his hair.

"He refuses to see that he's not right. Or maybe he can't. He needs it to work," Serafall said, some seriousness bleeding into her typically laid-back tone. Then again, her more childish persona seemed to show less and less as time went by. He liked to think that was because she was more comfortable being herself, or at least showing him a side of her that she didn't get to do so very often. "He cares about that half-devil a whole lot, it seems. More than we initially thought. "

"Mhm, it's not like I don't get that, but still…" he started saying, because he did get it. He wouldn't be such a hypocrite to criticize that adoption situation when he had his own going. However, there was a difference there and it was that Kunou hadn't joined Khaos Brigade and endangered the family of a faction leader, arguably two.

"Serafall, Joshua, so good to see you again," a new voice greeted and Joshua turned to see the friendly smile of one Sirzechs Lucifer. "Feels like a lifetime since we last talked. Things have been going well though, from what Serafall tells me," the Satan said, offering him his hand, which he shook… and he wasn't even feeling that antisocial about the whole thing.

Maybe he was getting better at the whole socializing thing?

That'd be neat.

"I'm not complaining much," he replied jokingly, a somewhat nervous smile on his face. When had been the last time he actually tried to have a friendly interaction with someone he didn't know well? He couldn't even remember. "And on your side?"

"Still dealing with the aftermath of your actions," Sirzechs replied dryly. Fortunately though, he sounded more amused than annoyed, which was very reassuring. "Between your Phoenix Spell and you waking up the Sleep Disease patients, there's plenty to do all over the place. Thankfully, it's the good kind of busy. Much better than most everything I have to deal with."

"Helps that Millicas loves Josh though, doesn't it?" Serafall asked, putting on her best innocent look, which fooled precisely no one.

"There's that," Sirzechs acknowledged with a laugh. "Speaking of, he's been complaining about a lack of Domino in the last few chapters."

"He does know it's my show, right?" the female Satan asked with a pout and Joshua almost laughed. She'd been complaining about comments like that in the forums already. People apparently had liked Domino a little too much. So, whenever they were reminded that it was actually just Levia's and not Levia and Domino's show… Well, some of them had opinions.

Joshua found the whole thing hilarious.

"Of course you're talking about your show," a bored voice joined, and Joshua almost jumped. When had Ajuka even made his appearance? He was already sitting beside him, so… Huh, he'd teleported straight to his seat, hadn't he? That's what Joshua could put together through the spells he had around the place.

Call him paranoid, but he didn't like being somewhere without at least some of his spells around.

"What else would we talk about?" Serafall asked, looking thoroughly offended. "My show's the best!"

Joshua and Sirzechs wisely left Ajuka to his fate while turning towards each other.

"Speaking of Millicas, he's been asking to meet you again. I don't suppose I could ask you…?"

"Worry not," he replied with a grin. "I love meeting fans. The kids are adorable. Tell you what, how about you and your family join us to watch the next episode? We always get together for that and it's always fun," he offered before realizing that maybe that was a little too friendly? He knew Serafall had organized the whole get together for his sake. She'd taken his comment about needing more male friends too seriously, apparently. However, that didn't mean they were friends just because they were there, so-

"Sounds like a plan. I could use something in my schedule that's not work and I know Grayfia will appreciate that too," the redhaired Satan replied, almost looking relieved.

'Holy shit, I actually am better at the socializing thing.'

[}-o-{]​

"Hello, everyone," he greeted walking through the door into his classroom in House of Water. While his condition was getting better and better, apparently he'd woken up feeling thoroughly dead inside that day. Nothing seemed to have gotten worse in his condition, but maybe he was feeling the repercussions of having to deal with Azazel and socializing one right after the other.

"Good morning, Professor Davis," the students all but chorused back at him and he nodded absently, watching Ravel move to her own desk.

"I hope you all enjoyed your little break… and that you remembered to do your homework. Anyone that doesn't have it and has done a decent effort will have a bad time, let me tell you," he told them and immediately after the last part he saw several faces pale. Well, too bad if they had actually slacked off. "So, who wants to be the first?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at them.

He'd decided to get straight to the point that day. That way he could get the homework part out of the way and tell them to do something else and he could get a little break while at it. That approach would also ensure that those people that'd cause issues had second thoughts on the matter. He didn't have the energy to deal with bullshit that day.

If someone tempted fate, he'd kick them out for the day, simple as that.

"You, over there," Joshua decided, when nobody offered. He knew the Stars would have, if he hadn't specifically told them not to volunteer first for anything in his non-Star exclusive classes. The man he'd chosen froze, paling even further and looking like he was weighting his chances of pretending Joshua wasn't calling him.

He was one of his problem students and yes, he'd been picked for that specific reason. Call him petty, but Joshua felt like choosing him first to present his work wasn't that bad. He knew Ravel, Agnes and Elizabeth would have thought him perfectly in his right to do a lot worse. He wasn't that much of an asshole though.

"Of course, sir," the man replied respectfully for once, when it was evident that he wouldn't be escaping his face. Thus, Joshua went on a bit of a quest, picking students in order of those that annoyed him the most to the ones he liked the most. The Stars probably weren't very happy to be left for last, but they'd survive.

As it turned out, surprisingly – in different ways, depending on how one looked at it –, there were two students that managed to fail the assignment.

"You two have an extra assignment for next class," he told them, unimpressed. "You have to analyze and write an essay about Levi's project," he explained, watching their expressions twitch. Continuing his streak of pettiness, Joshua had made that decision in light of how both students seemed to look down on Levi's casting ability. As if his mind alone didn't more than make up for that. "As for everyone else, I want you to come up with five ways you could improve on your own projects," he told the entire classroom then.

He'd pick one of the options they came up with and assign it as homework for the next class, he'd decided. And if they failed to come up with something good, then he'd come up with something himself. He was almost looking forward to one of them forcing his hand on that matter. He knew he could think up something hard for those that failed.

'Hm, maybe I woke up extra sadistic today, on top of weary?' he mused idly as he went to take his seat behind his desk.

"The Stars have been doing well," Ravel told him, eyes locked on the notes in front of her. "Meredith seems to have gained what she wanted. Her job offers are better."

"Happy to hear that," he replied with a smile and he really was happy. With any luck, the poor girl would be able to stop stressing over that. If worse came to worst though, Joshua would find her jobs himself. "How are the Carmilla though?" he asked, because he'd kind of left that alone for Ravel to deal with after the fight was done.

Maybe it was time to check in himself.

"The vampires are trying to get their feet under themselves as of now. Carmilla herself is managing well enough though, but there are some sharks circling them. Your defenses and the Queen herself should be enough to deal with those though," Ravel explained and he nodded absently. Good to know he wouldn't need to step in for the moment. He would if he had to, but he'd rather not. "There was a-"

Whatever there was, Joshua wouldn't learn about it just yet, because the door to the classroom opened.

That alone told him that things were serious, because nobody ever interrupted his classes. Sure enough, his hunch was proven right when the person peeking in turned out to be Elizabeth. She looked the picture of seriousness too. 'What now?' Joshua thought with a mental sigh.

"Joshua, could you come? Agnes requires your presence."

"... Sure. Levi is in charge of the class," he said, turning towards the classroom before standing up. "Ravel, let's go. Meredith-"

"We'll look out for Levi, don't worry," his first Star reassured and he nodded.

"... What's going on?" he asked, somewhat tense, once he stepped outside the room with Ravel and Elizabeth.

"The Norse are here to talk to you."

To that, Joshua could only blink.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Some more aftermath and then we move to the next point. Huh? Almost could be fooled into thinking the pace of this story is reasonable, right? Crazy that.

Sometimes things don't take forever in my fics though, believe it or not.

All the same, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

Random Question: Any guesses as to what the Norse want or who even "the Norse" are?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, Panicbox13 and 182 others
Adrian King
Jul 1, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 193 - Feel the Hungry Staring
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,037
Feel the Hungry Staring

'Is that Rossweisse?' was the first thought that went through Joshua's mind when he entered the meeting room where Agnes was apparently waiting with whoever "the Norse" were supposed to be. Elizabeth herself had been called just as urgently as him, it seemed and she hadn't been able to tell him much.

He thought that reaction was justified though, but then again, he rather doubted Rossweisse was the only silver-haired valkyrie in Asgard. The fact that Odin himself wasn't there lended credibility to the theory that maybe this was someone else too. So, with that in mind, Joshua prepared himself to deal with the situation as if he knew nothing. Which wasn't too far from the truth, he didn't remember much about Rossweisse other than some silly trivia and the fact that she was Odin's guard before being dropped with Rias.

Interestingly, when he pulled on his spells to focus more on them, three of the women seemed to shift in place. The oldest one was the sharpest reaction, eyes narrowed and back straightened. The woman that made him think of Rossweisse, for her part, tilted her head and another one frowned a little bit, as if confused.

"Joshua," Agnes greeted, a perfect political smile on her face. He could already tell that it was going to be an annoying meeting. Surely he could dump it all on Ravel, right? Although, checking on her through his senses and spells – would probably be rude to look at her while Agnes was introducing the valkyries in the room –, he got the idea that no, this was one of the instances where he had to deal with it himself.

None of the names Agnes was telling him ran any bells in his mind, at least. There were around ten of those too, which-

"This is Rossweisse," he was told and he tried really hard to pretend like he wasn't surprised. Despite that being his first guess, that was only because she was the only Norse character he knew with silver hair. What were the chances? "And last, but certainly not least," Agnes continued, signalling to a stern looking, noticeably older woman. He didn't know if he'd go as far as calling her elderly, but if she wasn't, then she was almost there. "This is Göndul," Agnes said, and he got the impression that the name was supposed to mean something to him.

Which it did not, at all.

"Everyone, this is Joshua Davis, the latest of Egypt's Pharaohs," Agnes finished with, turning towards the valkyries and gesturing towards him.

"It's a pleasure to meet you all," he said, plastering his best smile on his face. Dating the people that he was, Joshua was bound to pick up a thing or two about politicking, for sure. He still hated it with a passion, but he could play the game if he had to. He wouldn't be the best at it, but he could do it.

"Mr. Davis, or should I call you Lord Davis?" Gondul asked to start with, walking up to him with her back straight.

"Joshua, Mr. Davis if you must," he replied, smile still in place despite her intensely serious expression. "Titles are only useful when one is trying to make a point, don't you think?" he added, trying to soothe any issues the woman might have with his "informality".

"Mr. Davis, then," she said and he let out a mental sigh. Alas, he couldn't actually express that. "I have to say, I've known about you for some time and I'm very impressed, both with your prowess and your progress," she added and apparently that was a big deal, because all the valkyries seemed shocked with that statement. Agnes looked incredibly smug too. "It's not always that a magician raises in such a manner, not even those of us that aren't completely human. Furthermore, to do so with branches of magic that are decidedly not what one thinks of when they think about the strongest of magics, it deserves its own recognition."

Well, socially awkward and not at all politically inclined, Joshua still wasn't completely immune to praise. However, there was the fact that he'd gotten plenty of that from plenty of magicians in his classes, or around House of Water in general. Not only that, but everyone loved saying how good he was and so on, so… Yeah, he was kind of used to the effects that would have normally had on him.

It did feel nice though.

"Thank you for the kind words, Mrs. Göndul, or should I call you Lady Göndul?" he replied, delivering the words right back at her. She seemed to notice, if the slightly amused tug at her lips was any indication.

"Göndul, Lady Göndul if you must," she added and his grin turned the smallest bit more honest at that. "Now," the valkyrie started then, standing even straighter, which he didn't know was possible. "We were here to schedule a lecture with you for my students. Ms. Waterhouse said it'd be better to speak with you directly," she said and he nodded, finally getting the last piece of the puzzle. Or, at least, the last important one.

"I'm sure we can arrange something, Göndul," he replied with a smile before gesturing to his side. "This is Ravel Phenex. She's my personal assistant. She helps make sure I don't forget important things while I work on my magic," he added, drawing a giggle from the valkyrie.

If anything, that seemed to take aback her students even more.

"Oh do I know what you mean, Joshua," she said, some of her stern exterior melting and making her seem much more approachable. Joshua was very grateful for that. "Tell me, Joshua, I imagine you work with circles?"

"I do, but I did look into the Norse runes quite a bit for a project some time ago," he answered and the woman turned decidedly giddy. "I never quite got into actually using it, but it's fascinating, especially the specialized branches, even if I didn't get to look into those."

"I can teach you about those, if that'd be sufficient pay for the lecture, Joshua," she offered and he grinned even wider. "I'll take that as a yes," she said, grinning right back.

"Göndul, I think I'll love dealing with you," he replied.

[}-o-{]​

Sure enough, he did love dealing with Göndul.

"So, you're saying Norse runes work kind of like wards, hexes and boons, all languages can do more or less the same things, but they have things they are better at than the others," Joshua summarized, running his fingers through his hair. "That's… actually very neat," he commented, leaning back and processing the very long talk he'd just had with the former valkyrie. Apparently valkyries could retire. "So, if I could switch from circles to runes and mix that with my spells, I could make extra-specialized versions, which would be-"

"I'm sorry to sink your boat before it departs, but it's not easy to switch magic systems, Joshua," Göndul told him dryly, but his mind was already running a mile a minute. He'd studied runes for the projects that lead to Friday, but he'd ended up not using any of those alternative magic systems.

Now though, now he had a reason to delve into those once more, especially the Norse one. Maybe…

[Old Norse - Lvl 3/50

Determines the user's ability to understand Old Norse.]

'Gotta level this thing up, but-'

"Mr. Davis," Ravel called, as she usually had to, and he blinked back to the present.

"You're actually considering doing that, aren't you?" Göndul asked, equal parts disturbed and disbelieving.

"It'll take a bit, but just thinking about the possibilities… Yes, I'm definitely going to be working on that. Ugh, as if I didn't have enough projects already," he answered, groaning and running his fingers through his hair. Despite his words though, he was more excited than bothered by the new idea. To be fair, it sounded like the most fun project he could have at the moment. And if he could crack how to use runes on top of his spell repertoire, then that might push all his projects a step further too.

"Suddenly, a lot of things make a lot more sense," Göndul commented, an unreadable expression on his face. She'd kind of spiralled together with him during the magic talk, but now it seemed that she had thoroughly snapped out of that. Oh well, it was fun while it lasted, he supposed.

"Hm, anyway, we can definitely schedule a lecture for your students," he said, but he was nowhere near done. Now he had motivation instead of vague political power or favors. Now he had something that he actually wanted for a deal, which was a rarity. "Tell you what though, how about I set up a proper class for them, I'll teach them whatever you want," he said and everyone in the room sat a little straighter, he noticed.

"That's very generous, Mr. Davis," Göndul started, reverting back to more formal speech, evidently. "But I'm afraid-"

"In exchange," he interrupted, leaning forward with interest almost shining in his eyes. "You'll teach me runes," he suggested, grinning widely.

"... That can be arranged, but I can only teach basic runes. Anything more and I'd need permission from people higher up in my Pantheon," Göndul replied and that was more than a little disappointing. However, he could work with that. He'd need the basic rune knowledge to go further anyway, so he could start with that.

"Ravel," he said, but he didn't even need to add any more words after that.

"I'll see what I can do to get you access to further rune knowledge, Mr. Davis. I'm sure House of Water and the other associations can help," the devil replied dutifully and he could have kissed her. Instead, he settled for making a mental note to be extra nice to her, make her more phoenix and fire cards for their game and maybe throw the Phenex family a bone. "Aren't you happy you've cultivated so much favor, Mr. Davis?" Ravel added, rather cheekily if he did say so himself.

He just grinned at her, reaching with his hand to ruffle her hair. She protested, but didn't pull away from him. Yes, it was all coming together. The day had turned out to be much more productive than he'd thought. And he was so excited that he'd forgotten about his weary soul, so that was neat.

"It's been lovely, Göndul, everyone," he added, very aware that he'd forgotten about everyone else in the room for the most part, but not really having it in him to care. Rossweisse was neat to meet, as a fairly important character from canon, but Göndul? Göndul was a top tier magician, and he didn't even need to be told as much. She could engage him in talks that he hardly had a chance to and he hadn't even realized he wanted to be engaged into.

He'd have to check with Agnes to see if there were other people he could chat with. Hell, he probably could have similar conversations with her and Elizabeth. They were supposed to be really good, right? They might not have been around for as long as Göndul, but surely they knew a thing or two that he might be interested in.

It'd suck to have to be social and all, but he could survive that… probably.

"However," he continued. "I have a class I had to leave and should at least see off," he explained and he'd barely make it to see them all off, but at least he'd be able to give them their homework. No way he was letting them off the hook.

Besides, he'd have to ask Levi for help preparing for his new class and for his own runes classes.

"I think we've taken up enough of House of Water's time, yes," Göndul commented as she stood up, looking straight Joshua all the time despite what she said. Even if he was officially a member of House of Water, Agnes was the leader and she was right there. "We look forward to working with you, Mr. Davis."

"Same, Göndul. Very much the same. I already can't wait," he replied, a wide grin that drew odd looks from everyone around.

[}-o-{]​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

She felt like she'd gotten to know Joshua Davis plenty through the time since he'd agreed to teach at her association.

Granted, she hesitated to call it friendship, but it was also difficult to call it just them co-workers or any other professional type of relationship. The man really didn't lend himself to that, what with his casual approach to most things. All the same though, they talked plenty and she kind of had to know him to best try to do anything that revolved around him, especially since he was basically most of House of Water's power in any regard those days.

So, Agnes felt like she knew him. Joshua was laidback about most things, a comfort creature if one would. He liked to keep things simple and to the point, which was why he seemed to dislike politics and their convoluted ways. All around, he generally seemed bored or like he was barely scrapping enough care to do whatever he was doing. Most of the time, he couldn't be bothered to get out of his head or his notebooks, too focused on ideas and concepts that probably eluded most people if not everyone.

At that moment though, she was seeing something completely different from him.

"So, just to be clear, you can pull this off?" he asked her, leaning forward on his seat and staring rather intently at her. It was so unexpected, even though she'd seen him keep the change of attitude for a bit already. Coming from a man that always draped himself wherever he was and couldn't muster the will to look at anyone with half-focus, that was a huge change.

"With Ms. Phenex's help, yes. I don't see why we couldn't get enough to make the Norse teach you runes, Joshua," she said and she would have felt as giddy as Davis looked if not for how shocked she still was at the series of events of the day. Not only were the Norse valkyries incredibly elitist, but the bigger Pantheons didn't really bother with anyone that wasn't on their same level, generally.

So, Göndul, the Rune Mistress herself, one of the most – if not the most – accomplished rune-based magicians of the world, dropping by her association to chat was a shock. However, hearing that she wanted to talk to Joshua was less surprising, admittedly.

The man had made enough of a name for himself that Agnes wouldn't have been surprised if someone had approached them sooner than that, really. Then again, most of his feats didn't really become public in a bombastic manner. They went under the radar and even when they popped up, they were discreet enough that it almost took from them.

Almost, but not quite, Agnes made sure of that.

"All the runes?" Joshua asked and that complicated matters. House of Water owed him enough to pay for those, certainly, but the pull necessary to get that done would burn a lot of her newly amassed power. She'd likely have to go into a bit of depth to pull that off, actually. Joshua was worth it, certainly, considering the absurdly fast growth of the man, but still…

"It might be tricky," the Phenex devil answered, frowning down at her notebook as if it had failed to give her the answers she wanted. "House of Water might be able to pull that off, but their resources will be stretched thin."

"I can make up for that, right? Me and the Stars, we can work on that. They insist they owe me, after all, so this might work for that," Joshua replied immediately and Agnes could see his mind working in real time, trying to find a path to get what he wanted. She wondered when it had been the last time he'd actually been so passionate about getting something. Considering the infamy he'd earned through his "deals" though, she couldn't imagine there were a lot of instances of that.

"Yes, but I think I can come up with a way to do so without needing to take up your time, Mr. Davis," the girl said and even Agnes gave her an intense look at that. Did Joshua have an ace up his sleeve that she didn't know about? "We could leverage more Phoenix Spells for the Norse faction or access to better spells or arrays," she offered and Agnes blinked.

Especially because the girl was looking straight at her as she spoke, instead of at Davis.

What did she mean by that? Even if Joshua had helped them make the spell, it was still their… 'Or is it?' a corner of her mind whispered and she paused. Because she knew a lot better those days. Back when the spell came out, she'd been impressed that Joshua had made that happen. She had also, however, easily bought the story that he had worked with the Phenex to make it happen.

However, with a better idea… it didn't sound so crazy to think that maybe Joshua had made it all on his own and then thoroughly put the Phenex under his thumb. It certainly gave a good explanation for why one of the Phenex was basically playing secretary for him. No matter how much Ravel seemed to enjoy her job, Agnes couldn't imagine the Phenex were happy with that arrangement.

But if Joshua had them by the balls…

"It won't mess with things too much?" Joshua asked, as if that were a natural thing to suggest. And Agnes realized that this was all Ravel's doing, revealing that little tidbit to her. Joshua wasn't even thinking about it, with how focused he was on the possibility of new magic things to study and work with.

What was the clever little devil trying to accomplish though?

"Not at all, Mr. Davis. I'll handle my family and you just have to do what you do best," Phenex answered, turning away from Agnes and beaming at the man. "Leave it to the two of us. We'll get you those classes, I promise."

"I know you will," Joshua replied, as if there was truly no doubt that would happen. He either had a lot of faith in the two of them or he didn't realize how hard getting a faction to reveal stuff like that was. Then again, this was the man that had gotten Boon Magic knowledge from Heaven itself.

Agnes was truly getting used to the surprises, evidently.

[}-o-{]​

[Ravel Phenex]

Maybe she'd been impulsive, revealing the deal with the Phoenix Spell to Agnes.

However, she didn't think that was the case. For one, the woman was firmly in Joshua's pocket. If he so much as looked her way, Agnes was likely to start sweating if she didn't know why. She really didn't want to mess with Joshua and for good reason. He was most of the reason she was as important as she was at the moment. For another, she really thought it'd help them in the long run.

It'd show the woman that there was a lot she didn't know about Joshua, which would prevent her from making wrong decisions. They would also need to work together a lot, not only for the Norse Runes project, but also because she was Joshua's main contact with the magician community. Ravel had just learned that the only thing he seemed to care about other than mundane, simple things was magic and furthering his capabilities in the area.

'The world is going to run out of magic to offer him and then it'll truly be the end of it for everyone,' she thought, amusing herself with that idea. After all, once that happened, who would ever be able to repay any of their debt with the man? That was far in the future, for sure, but it was an entertaining daydream to humor in her mind.

"The chicken is in a good mood."

"I'm not a chicken!" she exclaimed immediately, almost on reflex by that point. She glared at the infuriating nekoshou sitting across from her, who was looking flatly at her with her golden eyes. Why did she have to spend time with the likes of her anyway-?

"It's your turn, Ravel," Kunou pointed out and she blinked, looking at the board and checking what Koneko's last play had been. 'Hm, only a face down. That's a trap for sure,' she noted to herself. The nekoshou and her older sister loved to use trap cards, after all.

"Right," she mumbled.

She could be working on getting Joshua what he wanted, discussing things with Agnes and communicating with the Norse. Alas, Joshua seemed to think playing around with his daughter and the stray cat he'd picked up was just as important. She disagreed, but not enough to actually voice that out to the man himself.

And, privately, in a very deep corner of her mind, Ravel acknowledged that she liked spending time with the two.

Sure, Kunou was childish and Koneko was annoying, but it was much better than being home. Most of her family was too old, too busy and too used to being around devils just as old as them. Riser and her were the closest in age and… Well, she loved her brother, she really did, but she couldn't stand to be with him.

It had been a close thing once upon a time, but after the whole Joshua and Phoenix Spell debacle? He'd become intolerable. Ravel just couldn't stand being around him when all he wanted to do was complain about and insult a man that she'd come to respect a lot.

"Having fun?" a new voice asked, once more breaking her out of her thoughts. This time though, she made sure not to get lost in her thoughts immediately afterwards once more. She really needed to stop that habit before it became even more of a problem. "Oh, even match," the cause of her terrible new habit commented before taking a sip from his cup of tea.

"You had fun on your outing?" Ravel asked, more to be polite than anything, as she set down her own card and made Koneko narrow her eyes. "I heard that play was good."

"It was fun, I don't think Serafall and I are much for plays, but it was funny to run commentary on the thing to each other," he answered and Ravel almost sighed. Was he allergic to all things noble and befitting his station? Not that she was surprised, but there was only so much she could take of that before it turned into disappointment.

She'd grown thinking everyone of importance was… Well, like the devil nobles. Poised and deliberate, proud and careful, powerful and controlled, all that and more was what she'd come to expect of people in power. Serafall Leviathan was a rather public deviation from that, but she'd thought her an exception to the rule.

Ravel was starting to think she was more like the norm and what she'd come to expect was the exception. At least, when it came to those truly in power. Everyone she knew was a step below the likes of Serafall and Joshua, as far as she was aware.

"Are you interested in watching it though? We could all go. It wasn't bad and I promise not to ruin it for you," the man offered and she paused, trying to calm down the giddy feeling in her chest. She was above the kind of open display she felt the urge to put on. She was not Kunou. "We can get one of those big popcorn buckets and all."

"..."

"Pretty sure they don't sell those at plays," Koneko pointed out, crushing her hopes and dreams mercilessly.

"You saying that like I can't get one or ten of those inside anyway," Joshua shot back and Ravel tried very hard not to perk up. She failed miserably, if the smile the man sent her way was anything to go by. "So, is that a yes?"

"... With extra butter?"

"Sure thing," he answered with a wider grin as he ruffled her hair.

She tried very hard not to smile.

Once more, however, she failed.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

The world's not ready. They think they've found the way and that now that they know what to pay Joshua with, it'll help. It will not. This is only the beginning. Prophecies long forgotten foresaw this chain of events and warned of doom, but-

Ahem.

Er… No idea what all that is about, guys, I swear.

Hm, uh… I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter?

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: How was your weekend? I went on a spending spree to turn a desktop computer I no longer used into a pseudo-console to play games with my family. Played plenty of Horizon Chase Turbo and a bit of Pummel Party. It was a bit much for my anti-social ass, but it was still fun.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607 and 184 others
Adrian King
Jul 8, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 194 - And as You’re Halfway to Heaven
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,050
And as You're Halfway to Heaven

"Warm!"

Joshua smiled sadly as he walked further into the room and took in the sight of Valerie. The dhampir was doing well, all things considered… but there was only so much that Joshua could do, sadly. Her soul wasn't recovering like his, after all. The damage was dramatically different. Where his was superficial damage – if still serious –, hers was borderline permanent, maybe even actually permanent.

What he was trying to do was basically the equivalent of trying to regrow a limb with mundane means.

Just… not possible, as far as he was aware.

That wasn't stopping him, of course, but he had to acknowledge that it was either beyond his capabilities at the moment, or completely beyond the realm of what could be done at all. If it was the latter, then he wasn't going to admit it. Magic had a way of doing literally anything, as far as he was concerned. So, if he couldn't heal Valerie, it was because he hadn't found the way yet.

"Nice!" the dhampir called, all cluelessness and innocence, like a baby smiling at something random. She was barely aware of… anything, from what they could tell. She couldn't even be considered functioning, not really. All she did was react to what happened around her, sentient more than sapient, as it were. She'd started associating Joshua with the effect of his spells, usually some variation of what she'd just said, warm, nice, great, soft, comfy, safe. It was nice to have that feedback, if vague, but it was also a reminder that she was very out of it.

'What's different this time? I'm pretty sure she could somewhat function when she was found in canon,' he wondered as he took his seat and prepared to tackle Valerie's soul recovery with Friday's help once more. Then again, his memories of canon were spotty at best beyond a certain point and he was well past that. So, maybe he was remembering things wrong or maybe this was the effect of the butterfly ripples that he had caused.

"Cozy," Valerie mumbled, tucking herself inside her clothes – provided by Yasaka and probably put on her by the servants that took care of her – and smiling contently. That didn't really tell him much in regards to how well his newly cast spell worked. Far as he could see, it had about the same effect as the one he'd replaced with it, but he had to hope and wait for the best, he supposed. Maybe it'd do something different if left in place for a while.

As it was though, Joshua was already considering the possibility that he could be approaching that issue from the wrong angle. He'd been trying to kickstart a recovery from Valerie so far, but maybe he could do something else to help her heal. Neither him nor Friday seemed to be growing any closer to the answer through the path they were following, so maybe another one would work best?

'Maybe regrowing the limb isn't what I need to do,' he mused, following what was a common analogy when he considered the issue. 'Would there be any chance of re-attaching whatever they took from her?' he wondered idly. Reattaching limbs was finicky and had to be done fairly fast before the limb was ruined – he assumed –, but that was just an analogy. If Khaos had taken a piece of Valerie's soul in order to use it, maybe they could recover enough of it to patch her up, enough of it to help her back to normal.

'Alternatively,' he paused, leaning back and considering an even crazier idea. 'Could I put a prosthetic in place?' he asked himself. That was insane even for him though. He'd basically be playing guesswork with Valerie's soul. He had no idea what the pieces lost looked like, so trying to replace them with something could end up turning the girl into someone completely different. Hell, it might take away whatever chance at recovery she might have had. Way too much risk, in his opinion.

He was saving that as a possibility if all else failed though, but he really hoped it wouldn't come to that.

On a somewhat related note though, he decided to try and save "soul records" of himself and everyone he knew of. Maybe he couldn't read souls as well as he'd need to if he actually had to put down synthetic parts to heal someone, but having something was better than having nothing if he found anyone else in that situation. And they could probably work on getting better in that regard while they were at it, he supposed.

He was pulled from his theories by a mental nudge from Friday, who had an idea of what prototype spell to try next. He'd only had the one spell first on the list, so he followed along with the decision from his familiar. Not much of a difference, but both of them looked on with a good amount of interest, if mostly through spells and more abstract senses.

The subtlest hint of something different they could be missing would help a great deal. As it was, he was pretty sure they weren't getting a good enough picture of how Valerie's soul looked like. If his own weren't still on the mend – if mostly fine –, Joshua would have asked for support from the Egyptian pantheon. Alas, he wasn't in good enough condition that divinity wouldn't screw over whatever progress his own recovery had gone through.

Thus, Joshua sat back and tried to decide what to try out next from their list of ideas.

That is, before something happened.

"Father," Friday communicated through their bond, somehow. The word came to him spotty, almost too messy to be understood, like a radio station with a lot of static. However, it was there, a mix of thoughts, pictures and feelings that somehow shaped a word into his mind. It was so surprising that he blinked, processing that for a long second.

He'd been aware of Friday trying to improve her communication capabilities, but somehow it still managed to catch him off guard all the same.

'Good job, girl. I'm proud of you,' he replied back, instantly and accompanied by plenty of his own emotions and thoughts. He felt like it was important that he communicate all that as quickly and as clearly as possible… Which turned out to be a great decision, because Friday was pleased beyond words.

He was pleased himself, he really was, but visiting Valerie and working on her condition was a terrible mood dampener. Because Joshua couldn't help but feel sad about the state the dhampir had been left in. She was barely a person anymore and one could tell that much without even getting into how horribly damaged her soul had been left. Not even her cheerful exclamations did much when it was evident that she barely could talk, let alone think.

All the same, he tried his best to project as good a set of emotions and thoughts as he could to his spell familiar.

Fortunately, Friday didn't seem bothered by any lack of enthusiasm she might or might not have noticed at the moment. She just happily floated about in his mental space, checking around the sensory spells in place. If anything, she seemed to have gone right back to work and he could almost picture a child humming contently while doing her homework. Or maybe that was her feeding him that mental image?

Sometimes it was difficult to tell when it came to her vague forms of communication.

Judging by how her mood improved even more, Joshua guessed that it had been, indeed, her who had fed him that vision.

Shaking his head, he focused back on what they were doing. If Friday wasn't bothered at all, then he'd follow her example and move on. Still, they could make a small celebration out of it later with the rest of his familiars and the family. The living spell seemed to like the sound of that, so he decided that yes, that'd be the way to go about it.

For the moment though… they still had to deal with the sad reality of Valerie's situation, unfortunately.

'Plan B… How do we go about Plan B?' he asked himself after a few more spells were placed and they changed seemingly nothing. He wasn't quite giving up in helping Valerie's recovery happen, but he was acknowledging that maybe there was a better way to go about it. If he could put back whatever Khaos had taken from her…

Well, there were several things to work on in that regard.

For one, they'd need to find the soul piece or pieces. Easier said than done, but they were already targeting Khaos Brigade, so that didn't really change much. He just had to try and make a spell or an array that'd detect Valerie's soul, or whatever part of it could be found. Again, easier said than done, since those pieces could be different from what he could place in Valerie herself, but it should be somewhat doable. That was a good enough place to start, but he'd look further into that to see if there was an easier way later.

For two, they would need to find a way to re-attach everything where it should be without causing more damage instead of helping. Not something that he imagined would be easy nor simple, but that was definitely something he could work on better. He'd need to smooth the edges of Vaelerie's damaged soul and get better at sensing soul information. Actually, that'd help with Step One too, so he'd do that regardless.

For three, there was the effect all the process could have on Valerie and her Sacred Gear. Less important than the other two points, admittedly, but still something to keep in mind. There was no telling what could happen and Joshua might need to try and see if he could predict the outcome. Probably the most difficult part of the whole thing though, which was a little concerning. Joshua didn't like not knowing things, he'd admit.

Sadly, it wasn't like he could look into a crystal ball and…

'Well… I can't,' he thought, pausing and blinking. He couldn't, that much was true, but he did know someone that was specializing their whole skillset around information gathering that was… less direct than his. Taking a deep breath in, he considered Aika Kiryuu and the possibilities she could bring to the table.

He knew he could ask and she'd try to help, but she'd been going mostly in a different direction from what he needed. Could they work to bridge that gap in her knowledge in a reasonable amount of time? That remained to be seen, but maybe it was worth giving it a try. The more he thought about it, the more Joshua saw merit in the idea, at least.

'That's something to work on later, for now…' he told himself, making a mental note to look into all that afterwards. For the moment, they needed to make the most of the session with Valerie. Once all their newly tinkered ideas were tested, it was time to improvise a little bit. With a new outlook on things though, Joshua focused more on trying to improve his understanding and sense capabilities in regards to souls.

He needed better sensing spells and to have a better idea of what souls "looked like", as it were. He'd need that regardless of what path he went down, but especially if he wanted to do more than just nudge a soul into doing something, like recovering or changing, like Project Ascension, for example. Those worked because he was making souls do something that they more or less would "naturally" do. Going against that was another matter entirely and would need him to have a much better idea of what was going on.

It was a good thing that not many people knew that was how it went, or his threat of Project Descension would be a lot less effective. He wasn't sure, but considering there were no records of Angels or Fallen ever losing wing pairs, Joshua had a feeling that the process was unnatural and thus would need a lot more to make work than its opposite.

'Not the time to think about that though,' he reminded himself, sighing and turning his attention back to Valerie once more.

[}-o-{]​

"You want me to divine soul information," Aika asked, and Joshua had a hard time figuring out if she was nervous or flattered or confused by the request. Actually, thinking about it and looking a little deeper with some spells, he thought it might have been all three. "Because you might not be good enough?" she added, and now she was definitely incredulous, he could tell that much.

"Yes," he answered, deciding not to beat around the bush. All the same though, it wasn't like he didn't understand where she was coming from. "Will you try?" he asked, leaning back and raising an eyebrow at her.

He'd decided to make the request at his cafe rather than at his Star class in House of Water. He felt like that might have added pressure on the girl and that was the last thing he wanted. As it was, he knew that he was asking for a lot and he'd be fine if she said no. With more than a moment's worth of thought, he realized that the request was kind of ridiculous, especially when made to who was essentially a rookie in magic of any kind.

Aika was good, she was casting already and she learned very fast, but she was no Joshua and it showed. Furthermore, she also didn't have a system to push her even further in her path. His perception wasn't skewed enough for him not to realize that not everyone could tackle some of the things he could do. Especially when that something was a matter that even he had trouble tackling.

So, if she said no, that'd be fine. He'd just ask Agnes to help him find an expert or three and maybe pull Dion in to add Coven magic to the mix. He felt like that might be enough to get him what he wanted, or at least start on the path there.

Honestly, he'd even considered doing that without asking Aika at all.

However, he felt like he should give the girl a chance to say no rather than assume she would. Sure, if she agreed, then things would go slower, since she'd have to study the matter and prepare spells and so on. Joshua would feel a lot more comfortable with that though.

"I…" Aika started, pulling him back to the present. The poor girl looked very unsure, admittedly. "... I don't know anything about that. Most of what I've been learning is, you know? Silly things, how to tell how people are, who'd be compatible with them, relationship stuff. I'm a magician gossip," she said, almost in a single breath even if she stumbled upon some words. He could tell that she didn't necessarily feel bad about what she did and what she "was" as she put it, but there was some self-deprecating humor there, all the same.

"I know," he replied calmly, taking a sip from his cup of tea. "And I know it doesn't matter, but I'm fine with that. I'm sure what you do and want to do will be useful and appreciated by people," he added, just to be sure. Because he knew what people thought about "lesser" magic branches and even "worse" magic applications. Hexes were often considered lesser magic by some, and he knew that many of his spells would be considered an affront to magicians everywhere with how mundane or borderline useless or unnecessary they were.

Magicians were a proud bunch. They liked to feel like they were better than their non-magical counterparts, like they had managed to climb to a league of their own. They liked to feel important. Using magic for "silly" things was, as far as they were concerned, beneath them.

Joshua strongly disagreed with that view.

"I know," Aika mumbled, looking down, but he could tell that she was pleased. Her previously slightly hunched shoulders relaxed and there was a smile tugging at her lips. Evidently, that bothered her more than she let on, maybe more than she realized. "I don't know the first thing about what you want me to do. I'd need to start from scratch."

"I imagine so, yes," he acknowledged with a nod. "I can and will ask Levi to help you research and Agnes to find any resource she can on the matter, from texts to other magicians and anything else that might be useful."

"Why not… find someone that's already good enough?" she asked and he pondered how to best answer that. Ultimately though, after a few seconds, he decided that he might as well be blunt and honest. He couldn't find a reason not to be, really.

"Because I wanted to give you the chance, if you wanted it," he said simply, and he could tell that there was an intensity to her gaze as she stared at him. Unbothered, he smiled at the girl. "It's not what you want to do, I know, but you're still my apprentice. I feel like it'd be… disrespectful or something if I went straight to someone else on a matter of Divination Magic rather than talking to you first. Does that make any sense?"

"A bit, maybe. It might not. I'm not that knowledgeable in magician etiquette yet. Levi gets all twitchy when that comes up," Aika replied hesitantly.

"Maybe ask one of the others about that. I'd recommend Dion. She's all about dealing with other magicians, so she's more socially inclined," he suggested, almost getting back on topic. He figured all that needed to be said had been though, so instead he went for another sip from his drink.

"Noted," Aika mumbled, looking at her own cup, held between her hands. She was silent for a long moment and Joshua was perfectly fine letting her think that over all she wanted. He'd have been fine leaving her alone with her thoughts for some time if she wanted it, actually.

He actually was about to tell her to think it over for a few days, but-

"Ok," she said, breaking the silence before he could. "Ok," she repeated, looking up and locking eyes with him. "I'll try."

To that, Joshua grinned widely.

[}-o-{]​

"I'm sorry."

Joshua paused drinking from the straw of his drink, blinking as he looked up at his date. That was not the kind of thing he expected to be told out of nowhere in the middle of a date. Least of all from Gabriel, of all three of his partners.

"For what?" he asked, glancing around as if the ruins they were visiting could give him a clue as to what was going through his date's mind at that moment for her to apologize. If it weren't the ugly as sin sculptures though, then he had no idea. They were tame when compared to other places they had visited during other dates though.

"I just… I feel like I'm dragging you to all these places," Gabriel mused, not quite sad, but something similar. Like the emotion was mixed with appreciation somehow. "We always go to places I want to go, to visit. We never go anywhere you want."

"I like when we visit more natural spaces. The Andes were neat," he replied, still not quite figuring out what was going on with the angel. Surely that wasn't it, right? Had something happened?

"Yes, but those are what you like from the options of what I like," she insisted rather strongly, which wasn't very like her. Gabriel usually had a very… soft, for lack of a better word, personality. She was always nice, relaxed. She was hardly ever angry or annoyed. Whenever she was feeling even remotely upset, it'd barely show, but it was almost the same with her good moments too. That calmness was something he liked about her, actually.

"So? Gabriel, if it were up to me, I'd say home all the time," he told her, half amused and half confused. "We do that at times, I'll remind you, staying home with everyone else," he explained, as simply as he could. She had to know he was telling the truth too, right? She was as good at reading people as his other partners, so she definitely should have been able to do that much.

"I know that, but surely we could do something else on our outings, right?" she asked, in a surprising bout of insecurity, if he was reading her right. He could very easily be wrong, but there was a tinge in her voice and subtle shifting of her body that was telling him that.

"Are you getting bored of these kinds of dates?" he asked, his drink long forgotten as he raised an eyebrow at the angel.

"No, but-"

"Then it's fine," he told her with a smile. "You are enjoying yourself when we visit places. You smile more, you speak more freely and animatedly and you're more enthusiastic about things. If nothing else, I like these dates because I get to see that Gabriel," he told her honestly.

If only the Joshua that he'd once been before the DxD world could see him then and there, he'd likely either be very disbelieving or shocked beyond words. He'd have never dared be that honest and open with a ridiculously beautiful woman such as the angel that stood in front of him. Alas, he'd changed plenty in all that time, and not just in terms of power.

Old insecurities peeked back out onto the world though, when his date remained silent and unreadable after that. All that he got was a blue-eyed stare and persistent nothing else. After a few seconds of that, he was really starting to worry that he'd said something wrong somehow, even though he'd been sure that was fine.

He was even more worried, however, – and very shocked – when he saw her halo flicker and a hint of a shadow wash over Gabriel's wings. That heart-stopping moment lasted a split second, however, before she returned back to normal. He almost thought he might have seen wrong when the angel beamed at him in a way that made that descriptor very apt.

However, that was before she spoke.

"You say very dangerous things at the most unexpected of times, Joshua," Gabriel told him, drawing nearer and giving him one of the most intense kisses they had shared up to that point. Safe to say, Joshua had seen that coming about as much as the moment that had just passed, which is to say not at all. "You should be more careful."

"I'm sorry?" he apologized, unsure and still recovering from that kiss.

Apparently, his date found that exceedingly amusing, if her giggling was anything to go by. Dazed state aside though, Joshua was happy to see her mood go back to normal, or even better than usual. It was never nice to see someone he cared about being upset.

Speaking of though, he wasn't likely to forget what had happened just then. He imagined it wasn't as close as he might fear, because Gabriel likely wouldn't be as calm as she seemed to be if that were the case. However, that was a concern of his all the same, and he'd work on that. Hell, he was already working on that, but he could put some more time on that project, he imagined.

Maybe it wasn't practical, he imagined, to work on something so unrelated to important matters like Khaos Brigade.

It was important to him though. The same way that it was important that he work on something to let Yasaka get out of Kyoto. The same way that it was important that he made little meaningless spells for Serafall's show. It might not matter all that much to others, but it was important to them, so it was important to Joshua.

And Gabriel's issue might just be the most pressing of them all.

'Something to look into,' he thought, determination filling him even as he followed after the angel to watch another display of hideous sculpting work. Because awful as the piece was, the fascinated look on Gabriel's face made it all worth it, even the headaches that he could see in his future.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Valerie's thing has kicked off some pseudo-butterflies in Muse-chan's sandbox, apparently. I had not expected that when I started going down this plotline. Alas, she's here and now we got another thing to look forward to, I guess?

Here's hoping you guys like how things are going on that side.

And then we see Date!Joshua and Gabriel and… Yeah… I don't think I have anything to say on that front, really. Yeah, stuff happened, but I think it's all addressed in the scene, right?

So, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: When's the last time you traveled? I went on a trip with my parents this last weekend.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, Panicbox13 and 155 others
Adrian King
Jul 15, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 195 - I Wanna Teach You Right from Wrong
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,056
I Wanna Teach You Right from Wrong

Nothing quite like the training room to work on something if the silence or calm music of his studio weren't doing the trick for him. Which, to be fair, Joshua didn't often manage to get a lot done there, funnily enough. That is, unless he was mostly reading through the books there and from his library.

If he needed to actually think instead of just processing new information, then the chaotic nature of… literally anywhere else worked much better. It kept his brain from shutting off or going into useless tangents. After all, if there was something to snap him out of his thoughts every so often, then he was less likely to waste time thinking about something completely unrelated to what he was working on.

The fact that this allowed him to spend time with friends and family was very much appreciated too, he'd admit.

Otherwise, he was sure he wouldn't see a lot from any of them, even living in the same place. He had a lot to work on, after all, so he spent most of his day tinkering and brainstorming. If he did that in seclusion, then he'd be even more antisocial than he'd already been before magic, which was saying something.

Speaking of interruptions, those idle musings came to a stop when Nagini shifted. That was very distracting, considering he was lying on her like she was the world's deadliest pouf. Looking up from the notebook he'd kind of been ignoring for a bit, Joshua raised an eyebrow at his snake familiar. Not that she looked at him, but he sent the general feel of it through their bond for good measure anyway.

"You can join them if you want," he pointed out, turning to follow the basilisk's gaze towards the battlefield where Raynare and Kuroka were having a spar session against Jeanne, Meredith and Margalo. He had started bringing his first official apprentice to his place for training ever since the vampire thing. It'd help her develop further and it made him feel less like he was neglecting his duties.

At least everyone else was just unofficial apprentices, even if he should be treating them equally. It helped that Meredith was the only one properly battle-oriented. She also benefited less from his classes than the rest of the Stars did. She gained more from practical sessions such as that one, so he was providing her with that too. All the same, he'd already told Ravel to make sure everyone else got good job offers and such to keep the benefits well spread out between his pseudo-apprentice group.

He still didn't know why the devil had found that so funny though.

"Come on, it's written all over your face, Nagini," he said, unimpressed when the snake continued to visibly struggle with her decision. She was a battle maniac, who was she trying to fool? "Morag and I can keep each other company while you and Cheshire go and have fun," he added, glancing towards his feline familiar. She was generally less interested in battles, but she liked indulging in those every so often. Seemed like that was one such time, if he was reading her emotions well.

With some hissing grumbles that Joshua really didn't know the reason for, his gigantic serpentine familiar slithered off towards the field.

"Big sis is silly," Morag commented, giggling as she crawled up to where he'd been left standing and then climbing on his back to hang onto him in what had to be one of the weirdest piggy backs ever. "You're busy?"

"Kind of, yeah," he said, giving her a weary, apologetic smile over his shoulder.

"It's fine," she replied, even though her mood dampened somewhat. "I can wait until Kunou is free. Then we can play?" she asked this time and Joshua didn't have the heart to tell her that he needed to work on stuff…

So he didn't.

"Sure, she needs to show me her Illusion homework and then we can watch a show or play cards," he commented with an indulgent smile that only widened when Morag cheered, throwing her arms up in the air and all while she clung to him with her spider legs. 'I'm way too wrapped around their fingers,' he mused to himself.

Yet, he regretted nothing.

"For now though, I need to work on things if I want to have the time," he said, as if he wouldn't make time anyway once it came to it. Morag pretended not to know that, nodding at him. At least they didn't abuse their power over him. Silver linings and all that. "Make sure those don't kill each other, alright?" he added, waving his hand towards the battlefield, which had become that much more chaotic with the addition of Nagini and Cheshire. "You too, Friday," he added.

The living spell could help him with his work, he knew very well. However, he was reluctant to let her do that too much. She was young, so he wanted her to experience as much as she could, even if it was through what others did in her range of influence. He tried to encourage her to do things, since she could do a lot, especially under his main spell arrays. All the same, the living spell seemed content just watching and occasionally perching herself on him or one of her sister familiars through the bond.

He wasn't sure what all that was about, but she was happy, so he guessed it was all fine.

So, kind of by himself, even if Morag and Friday remained close by, he summoned a seat and sat down. His attention was quickly grabbed by his notebook as he continued delving on matters of the soul. He had a bunch of projects touching on that, so it had – understandably, in his opinion – become the subject that he worked the most on.

'Not yet,' he said when he felt a few Egyptian deities poking at him through his connection with them. 'Soon though,' he thought, and they pulled back away from him.

He was almost fully recovered, and once that happened, he'd be able to channel some of the soul-oriented gods and goddesses to get a better idea of things. For the moment though, he'd have to make do with what he could do himself. Not as much as he'd have liked, but he didn't want to rely on them too much, admittedly. Not that he wouldn't if he could, but he liked the chance to work by himself.

Joshua already felt like a massive fraud at times with the system, he didn't need to add divine intervention on top of that.

At least not all the time.

[}-o-{]​

"-and that means I can summon two more Spiderlings!" Morag exclaimed, all smiles and cheer. On the other side of the table, Joshua heard Kunou whining despairingly. Not that he blamed her. One trap and now his arachnid – did she even count as that by then? – daughter had not only taken out her strongest card but she also had cards all over the board on her side.

Granted, those Spiderlings weren't very strong, but they'd be annoying, and that was all they needed to be. Nevermind the sacrificial value too, of course. Kunou was not going to have a good time recovering from that misstep. Which was what Morag's deck was all about, really.

"Your turn," the eight-eyed girl said and Joshua wondered if she was playing up the innocently happy act or if it was real. A look through the bond told him that it was… somewhere in the middle, apparently. That was interesting. Then she reached to the side-

"Ew," Kunou protested, watching her sister bring a cricket to her mouth.

"Kunou, what have I told you about that?" Joshua asked, turning and raising an eyebrow at her. "Your sister likes those. I know it's odd, but there's no need to react like that," he pointed out. It wasn't like he didn't understand where she was coming from. Watching someone casually munch on a cricket – one that was still alive to boot – was… an experience, but there was weirder out in the world. "She finds it odd that you like ice cream, but you don't see her going "ew", do you?" he added.

And wasn't that a funny thing, the way Morag recoiled at the mere idea of eating the sweet treat.

"But that's weird!" Kunou protested and his raised eyebrow stayed up, but his almost disinterested expression shifted into something sharper. Kunou might have been his daughter in a more official manner first, but still…

"You don't call your sister weird, Kunou," he said, trying to keep most of the steel from his voice. Not all of it though. "Apologize, right now."

"... I'm sorry," she mumbled almost immediately. It wasn't a good feeling, having to scold her, but at least she didn't make him work too much for it when he had to. Probably because he only pulled the tough act when it really mattered.

"No problem," Morag replied, still all smiles. Still, just because she didn't care for what was said didn't make it ok though. He hoped he could teach Kunou that. "Can I have another, Daddy?" the Jorogumo asked, blinking all her eight eyes at him and he sighed internally.

"Only one. We'll have dinner soon and you don't want to sit at the table doing nothing because you're full again, do you?" he asked, making her pout. Whoever said having kids was easy was a lying liar, but then again, he didn't think anyone had ever said that, so there was that.

On the other hand, he did think he'd kind of lucked out with his daughters. They were still a handful, obviously, but they were more manageable than he knew kids to be. Or maybe the kids he'd known through his life had been particularly bad?

His family wasn't known to have well behaved people in general, so there was some backing for that theory, he supposed.

"Mr. Davis-" Ravel started from his side and Joshua took a deep breath in. 'God, give me patience-' he thought to himself, remembering his mother's words from literally another life. '-because if you give me strength I'll kill them.' "... Joshua?" the devil corrected hesitantly, noticing his flat stare.

He'd gotten used to her calling him Mr. Davis, he really had. Hell, people calling him by his surname wasn't as much of a problem as it once was. The scars that had pained him that way were healing and all. However, he did prefer to be called Joshua. Which was why he was trying to get the Phenex to call him by his name when they were in private or with his family.

He wasn't having a lot of success on that front.

It worked better when she was "off working hours" as it were. When she called it a day, but still stayed around the house because she didn't want to go home for whatever reason. Personally, Joshua thought she just had fun playing with his daughters and Koneko – even if she protested against the latter "accusation" a whole lot –, but he could be wrong.

He really didn't think he was though.

"Yes?" he asked, deciding not to make a big deal out of that.

"I was just wondering if maybe…" the devil started, before stopping. She already looked a little nervous, but now she looked even more so. It made him feel guilty about pressuring her for the name thing. Before he could apologize though, she continued. "... we could have a homemade meal tomorrow?" she asked, fidgeting with her hands.

Joshua's eyebrows shot up immediately.

She didn't often bring up such casual stuff. It was, usually, his or maybe his daughters' job to drag her into that kind of thing. Maybe she was opening up though, and he couldn't be happier for it. With as young as she was, he often felt guilty for being a part of the reason why she couldn't be a kid.

Thus, why he tried to encourage such behaviour.

"Sure thing," he agreed easily. "You wanna help?"

"I do!" Morag exclaimed, raising her hand up enthusiastically. Joshua smiled at her, but most of his attention was on Ravel. She seemed happy with the idea though, if the shy smile was anything to go by. It was a very nice sight.

"What about you, Kunou? Maybe we can drag in Koneko too, make it the whole gang," he commented, half-joking. The four of them had taken to being a friend group of sorts, he noticed. He was happy to notice that too, since each of them needed the extra company for their own reasons. Koneko needed to open up more. Ravel needed to relax more. Kunou needed more friends. And Morag needed to develop more as a girl rather than a spider.

"Do we have to?" Ravel asked, suddenly a lot less on board. Or, at least, so she wanted him to believe.

"Would feel bad leaving her out," he offered as an answer with a smile and reaching to ruffle her hair. He resolutely ignored her grumbling. "Come on, I know you don't mind as much as you say you do."

"That's a lie if I ever heard one," the Phenex muttered under her breath, crossing her arms petulantly and looking away from him. Morag and Kunou seemed to find that hilarious though.

"It's decided then," he commented, nodding. "By the way, you two forgot to keep playing," he pointed out, making both of the younger girls let out an exclamation and turn towards the board between them. To that, Joshua shook his head, glancing to the side to see Ravel having withdrawn into her schedule notebook in order to recover from that bout of "weakness" or whatever.

With all the children occupied, he glanced towards the other side of the room and saw…

'Could help me a little, if you have the time,' he thought, but didn't say. All the same, he knew Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel had all got the message. They were that good at reading people, after all, especially him. They were supposed to be working on stuff, but there they were, all of them looking straight at his side of the table like it was a great spectacle.

"You're doing a great job, Joshua," Yasaka commented, bringing a cup of tea to her lips. That only made his eye twitch though, because it felt mocking, in a way. Not meanly, but in a teasing mood that he didn't appreciate. He often got nervous when trying to "parent" the girls, so he would appreciate the help.

Instead, they seemed to all have decided to throw him off the deep end.

That was just mean.

"We had a conversation about this, Joshua. You need to stop being unfair," Gabriel said and he frowned. What did she mean? He didn't remember any discussions about fairness taking place those days. Had he forgotten something in his absentmindedness again?

"Come on~" Serafall whined then, dropping on the table. "I want one too~!"

'Oh…' Joshua thought, in realization.

A moment later, he decided to follow Ravel's example and get lost in work. That was much better than dealing with embarrassment. Although, he appreciated the indirect compliment to his parenting capabilities. Maybe one day he'd feel like he was actually good at that, but for the moment, he'd take other people thinking so.

[}-o-{]​

"Now, I know the systems are different, but I've been looking deeper into runes for the sake of my own classes," Joshua explained, leaning against his teacher desk and looking at the arranged class before him.

There were more valkyries than there had been when he first met Göndul and her students. Idly, Joshua wondered what was up with that, but ultimately he decided it was likely that not all of them had gone to House of Water for that first meeting. Probably would have been a little crowded if they had. Either that, or something equally as inane.

"Nothing I've seen tells me that the broad strokes of my methods won't work for you all with your own practices," he continued, wondering why they were looking so wide-eyed already. He hadn't even gotten started with the actual class yet. "Which means I can teach my class as normal, just that I won't be able to easily understand your spell designs, considering the different systems. At least not until I've managed to get a good hold on runes."

As he talked, Joshua had to admit that teaching valkyries felt different from teaching regular magicians. 'Is that because they aren't regular humans like me?' he wondered to himself, trying not to let that awkwardness affect him too much. 'Might be the runes thing too, I guess,' he continued musing, because yeah. Teaching people that used a completely different magic system than him had its own odd feelings.

"So, first things first," he continued, taking a deep breath in and deciding to just play it by ear. Just like it had taken him a bit to comfortably teach at all, it might take him a bit to do so with valkyries. No need to overthink it. He did that enough as it was, after all. "I don't have many rules on how I work, at least nothing too important. Except maybe one," he told the students.

It didn't help that none of the women so much as twitched. That was certainly a change from his usually either enthusiastic or belligerent students. He wasn't getting much feedback from them, evidently. Well, maybe that'd change when he started asking questions. If not, well… he was always up to making examples of people.

"My first and most important rule is that nothing is impossible," he told them, and it was something that'd been coming up in his mind a lot those days. His delvings into soul matters had him putting that one rule to a lot of use. "Things might be difficult, or seem impossible, but I've never come across something that I haven't thought possible, and I've yet to be wrong. If something seems impossible, then you either don't have enough information, aren't skilled enough yet or aren't using the right method or approach."

He paused for a moment when he saw every single valkyrie start taking notes already. They also seemed rather… motivated, as it were. They were so intent about it that it caught him off guard a little bit. Joshua wasn't sure any one class had ever heard him so attentively. There were always some outliers, after all.

'Valkyries are just built different, I guess,' he guessed.

"Now, with that said, it's generally better to start small, so… for the sake of getting you all off to a similar start, I'm gonna ask, is there any one spell that all of you know?" he asked, glancing around. Immediately and without hesitation, he got his answer.

"The Warmth Spell, Professor Davis," one of the valkyries that had been there during the meeting answered. He was a little surprised that she was so sure about that without having to discuss it with the others. Maybe that was a valkyrie thing that all of them were taught? He also found it interesting that it was the Warmth Spell instead of the Signal Spell which seemed to be the most common spell with the magicians he usually taught.

"Great, thank you," he replied with a smile. He briefly pondered sharing with them the fact that he usually didn't remember names, but maybe he could leave that for some other time. With such an eager audience, he felt motivated to stay on topic and teach them as he was supposed to.

He was already liking teaching them more than the regular class even if the awkwardness was there.

"So, the obvious modification there is to make it hotter or colder, right? That might even be something that's built in, but we can tweak the starting point," he said, absently considering the spell. That was something he'd already worked with when setting up his home arrays, together with a bunch of other quality of life spells. Although, if he knew anything about regular magicians, they probably just saw the spell as a good first step in the ladder to stronger things. "What else can you come up with?" he asked, glancing around and raising an eyebrow.

There was a moment of hesitation there that made him tilt his head, but soon a different valkyrie from the one that had spoken before answered.

"Area?"

"Area," he repeated, more decisively, waving his hand and making an illusory display appear over one of the blackboards. "Can someone else come up with a different modification besides that?" he asked and there was a slight shift around the classroom. 'More engaged and eager, but even valkyries have their limits, huh?' he thought to himself with a half-smile.

"Distance?"

"Focusing it over one target only instead of an area?"

"Targeting a specific temperature instead of a general warming effect?"

They were getting more creative, as the class went. Not that he blamed them, the opposite, really. Besides, there were only so many different easy modifications one could come up with. All the same, he noted them down and he saw some interest in the fact that the list wasn't organized in the order they were mentioned. Instead, he moved them around every time a new one appeared.

They started seeing the pattern, eventually, and those that had already given answers started trying again and harder.

Noticing that, Joshua grinned and he thought he saw Göndul – who had joined the class, even if she was just sitting in a corner to witness it – giggling to herself. It was always neat to push his students to try harder. And he hadn't even had to mention the "secret" part of the exercise to get them going.

Valkyries were truly built different.

"Taking the warmth from somewhere instead of generating it from nothing?"

"Oh, I like that," he said, pointing at – 'Rosseweisse, huh?' – the student and adding that idea to the top of the list, which made the woman preen a little bit. "Well, I think that's enough ideas," he added, looking at the now full blackboard. Then, with a snap of his fingers, the top five from the list were left alone while the rest moved to the board on the side. "Now, can the students that suggested these five stand up and come to the front, please?" he asked. Interestingly, only four of them stood up, one instantly and one very hesitantly, while Rosseweisse and the other were somewhere in the middle. "Which of you suggested two?" he asked.

"I did, Professor Davis," the one that had stood first answered, evidently very proud of herself. Maybe that helped her not be offended that he didn't remembe. Joshua didn't miss the way her eyes flickered towards Rosseweisse either. 'A competition? How fun,' he thought, holding back a grin. That was going to be very interesting to use.

"Good job," he told her with a grin, before nodding and looking at the four of them. "Now, I'm gonna give you four a project each that you'll start now and can finish whenever, so long as it's before I'm done teaching you this class," he started with and all of them stood a little straighter, wary but also interested. "You'll be choosing from the remaining students to form teams. You'll also be choosing twice as many, since you'll have two projects," he added, focusing the last part on the valkyrie that had spoken up before.

If they had been listening attentively before, now the students were hanging onto his every word, as if afraid to miss anything.

"The project is simple, you have to make the modification that you suggested," he said, gesturing towards the list on the blackboard. "The first one to finish will get a reward, by the way, so look forward to that," he added, but it seemed that it was unnecessary for him to tell them. The four had perked up immediately when he said "reward". "Now, you have two, so that'll be taken into consideration if you manage to finish one of yours first. Keep in mind that you have to finish both before the classes are over though."

Well, all four of the valkyries seemed on board with the idea, at least, so that was good. Still though…

"And if you manage to finish and impress me somehow, then that'll mean your reward will be better," he added and he could almost see the hungry glint in their eyes.

Yeah, they were going to give it their all.

Joshua couldn't wait to see what they came up with.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I don't have much to say about this chapter, actually. I like it, and I feel content with it. Sure, nothing much happened, but we did get continue with this new plotline with the valkyries, so that's interesting. There's also the fact that any time spent is getting Joshua closer to full recovery and things are gonna happen when that comes about.

All in all, I'm happy with the chapter.

I hope you guys enjoyed it too.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: I'm gonna blatantly abuse the random question more than I've ever done so… Do you guys know any fun family friendly local co-op games? I've set up a desktop computer in our living room as a "pseudo-console" and gotten four controllers. So, I'm on the lookout for anything good to play. Right now, we're getting by mainly playing Horizon Chase Turbo and Pummel Party. I do have Overcooked 2, Unrailed, Brotato, Stick Fights and Inversus ready on the side too though.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, Panicbox13 and 162 others
Adrian King
Jul 22, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 196 - No Cracks, No Breaks-
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,065
No Cracks, No Breaks-

"This is new," he commented, sitting back and glancing across the cafe's table.

"I thought you could use a change of pace," Gabriel said but it was a very blatant lie. She wasn't even trying to hide that fact either, which was interesting. He was under no delusions that he would have a hard time picking up anything his partners didn't want him to, considering the kind of people they were. Lying and spotting lies was what they lived for, considering their jobs. It complicated matters for him, obviously, but he wasn't too bothered by that.

"Wanna try again?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at the angel.

"Not really," she answered, all but sighing. That alone got him very curious, because Gabriel wasn't one for expressing much unless it was something positive. Although, she did seem to be opening up a little. He loved that just as much as he did when Serafall let go of her cheerful magical girl act. "I have something to talk to you about."

"Well, that's not ominous at all," he replied wryly, a half smile on his face. All the same, he did his best to push down his nerves and focus on what she'd said, thinking. "Either I screwed up at some point or this isn't about us at all."

"It's only… tangentially about us," Gabriel said, fidgeting with and staring down at the cup between her hands. "You know how the Church has been… dealing with issues."

"Yes," was the short response he had to that, straightening on his seat and narrowing his eyes. "They haven't called in a while. I assumed things were mostly dealt with," he added, suspicious. "Did something happen?"

"Not… per se, but something is about to happen," the angel answered, taking a deep breath in and looking up at him. He wasn't sure why she looked so reluctant to talk about whatever it was that she needed though. "Most of the remaining… troublesome individuals seem to have holed up in a base that the Church lost. An attack is being organized against it."

"And they want me to help," he finished with a tilt of his head. "Is there something I'm missing or why are you acting so oddly?" he asked bluntly, because he was far from an expert at reading people like she was. On top of that, she was far from an easy person to read at all, unless she wanted to be, so that didn't help either.

So, it was better to do the opposite of any of that and just… be straightforward.

He quite liked that method anyway.

"I know we met each other through my… job, as you like to say," Gabriel said, a sad smile on her face. "But approaching you in a professional manner after we started having a relationship with each other is different. It's…"

"Hm, I think I get it," he took over when he noticed that she was struggling to find the right words to explain herself. Which spoke much about the state she was in, considering she always seemed to know what to say, much like Yasaka and Serafall…

He definitely had a type, Joshua knew, but he was always coming across little similarities between all three of them that made that exceedingly clear.

Like at that moment.

"You're missing something though," he added, drawing a somewhat surprised blink from the woman. It was nice to know that he could take his partners aback at times, despite how well they could read him. "I like helping," he said as an explanation, which seemed to make the angel look even more lost. "If you need anything, anything at all, just tell me. It doesn't matter if it's related to what you do or anything else. It's what I do, please don't feel like you can't ask me to do things if it'll help make things easier for you."

That little speech hung in the air between them for a long moment and he could almost see Gabriel's mind trying to process that. 'Is this going to be another Yasaka situation?' he wondered. Because that would suck. Making his youkai partner accept help from him had already been enough of a hassle. Not that he wouldn't do it again, but he'd rather not.

"Now," he continued, taking a sip from his cup of tea and then setting it down with a slight smile. "What do you need me to do?" he asked, his grin widening a little bit.

Then he blinked when Gabriel visibly took a deep breath in, squared her shoulders and closed her eyes for a moment. 'Is it that bad?' he wondered, curious and now a little uneasy. He'd thought most of the issue was on the asking part, not whatever it was that they needed from him, but maybe-

"You're working on something that'll stop me from Falling, aren't you?" Gabriel asked and, when she opened her eyes, she looked way more intense than he'd ever seen her. He just nodded slowly, not seeing what that had to do with whatever the Church needed from- "You really need to finish that one."

"... Oh," was his eloquent response as his mind finally realized that he was trying to connect the wrong set of dots. "I'll do my best," he said, a nervous wry smile on his lips. She was being very blatant about that those days, it seemed and it was more and more frequent too. "If it helps, I'll find a way to revert the Falling if I have to," he added, mostly as a joke, but not really.

And Gabriel seemed to realize that too, because her intense look returned with a vengeance.

"You're not going to be more careful with what you say, are you?" she asked, a smile on her own lips. "Then again, I don't know if I want you to be."

"Those are some mixed signals you're sending my way."

"How about this?"

And the way their smiles met wasn't confusing at all.

[}-o-{]​

"Thanks for having us," Sirzechs Lucifer himself said, what looked to Joshua like a practiced smile on his face. He was getting better at spotting those, spending so much time with three people that had to don similar expressions often. Not that Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel used those with him – much –, but witnessing the switch so often was teaching his socially challenged ass how to notice them.

It helped that he was in his home, so absolutely filled with spell arrays that it was difficult to miss something unless he didn't understand what was going on. Even then, there was always Cheshire to fill in the blanks with her supernatural intuition. Speaking of, he grinned at the new arrivals and petted his cat's head where she was perched over his shoulder.

She'd woken up clingy that day, apparently.

"Pleasure is ours," Joshua replied as easily as he could with someone that he didn't really know well. He'd decided he was going to try though, so that's what he'd do. "Between you and me, Serafall thinks I need more friends, so you're helping me out here," he added, hearing an exaggerated gasp from behind him. He was more focused on the fact that Sirzechs' smile seemed to turn the smallest bit more honest and Grayfia's lip twitched into what he thought might have been a hint of amusement.

Maybe he was wrong on both accounts though. It was brief enough that it could have been his mind playing tricks on him. Nevertheless, Joshua seemed to have woken up in an optimistic, social mood himself, by some miracle. So, he just grinned a little wider and decided to think the best of the situation.

"You said you needed more friends!" Serafall defended herself, moving to his side and poking him rather harshly with her finger. "And hello, Grayfia, I hope the two haven't been too troublesome."

"I manage," the strongest maid in the Underworld replied, almost flatly.

"Between you and me, Grayfia thinks I need more friends too," Sirzechs commented idly, a hint of wry humor in his voice that had Joshua chuckling. Maybe he could do the socializing thing, at least that day. That was great. On a more familiar and comfortable note though, there was an excited, shaking little person between the two older devils that was kind of demanding attention, if only because of how much his eyes were sparkling.

Still though, that didn't mean Joshua had to address that quite that moment.

"Well, a mutually beneficial arrangement if there ever was one," he replied before moving on to even more fun. "Now," he started leadingly, glancing towards the child and then back to his parents. He saw, without a shadow of doubt, that they could very well see what he was doing. And they approved. "I know we said this would be fun, but there was a small bit of business I thought we could get out of the way before-"

""No!""

There was not one but two very disappointed and desperate voices that protested, interrupting his words. Joshua almost burst into laughter then and there. Somehow though, he managed to turn and raise an eyebrow at Kunou at the same time that Sirzechs and Grayfia did.

"Millicas," was all the Strongest Queen said, but it was enough.

For his part, Joshua had to be a bit more eloquent.

"Kunou," he said, testing the effectiveness of her method all the same. It seemed to work well. Maybe he'd have to practice it. In the meantime… "You haven't even greeted our guests, I'll remind you."

The child grumbled something that could be assumed to be a "sorry" before shuffling to her feet from where she was on the sofa. A moment later, she was standing to his side with what Joshua recognized almost fondly as the "child meeting the parents' friends" look. He'd know it, considering how much he'd worn that himself. His mother was friends with literally everyone in town, after all.

"Hello," she said, voice barely above a whisper. "It's nice to have you here," she added, almost half-heartedly, getting a similar mumbled answer from the redhead child. Joshua was happy that his daughter had tried, even if he knew Yasaka – and Grayfia with Millicas – was probably appalled. To save the two children the scolding for the moment though, he decided to get a word in.

"I think that's enough teasing," he commented with a grin, planting a hand on top of Kunou's head and ruffling her hair, getting another whine out of her. "Good to see you again, Millicas," he added.

"It's great to see you too, Mr. Davis," the child replied, the name coming out of his mouth like he was saying some foreign word he didn't know if he was pronouncing well. Joshua guessed that, in his mind, he was just Domino. Joshua Davis barely existed in his mind, and he kind of could relate to that. He felt much the same way about some movie and series characters and their actors.

"Now, before either of them burst from impatience, how about we move to the main event," he commented, gesturing behind him to where the TV was set up. Eagerly rushed words came from both children who seemed to try and fail not to run to pick their seats. He looked at the two with a raised eyebrow and then shared a look with Millicas' parents. "Anything I can offer you, something to drink? Snacks?"

"Coffee would be great," Sirzechs answered, his smile definitely looking more honest, especially with how fondly he looked, glancing at his son.

"I'll have the same, if it's not too much trouble," was Grayfia's response, accompanied with a slight bow that almost brought the awkward out of Joshua. He soldiered through though, especially when Satan Lucifer spoke again.

"Between you and me," he said, once more repeating his words back at Joshua. "Grayfia has a rather strong sweet tooth."

If looks could freeze someone to death, the Underworld would have needed to look for a new Satan.

Joshua ignored that with all the ease his newly cheerful mood afforded him.

"Say no more," he replied instead, moving to get things for them. "The children are too focused, so I imagine they don't want popcorn-"

"Dad!"

"No!"

Oh, the playdate was off to a great start.

Maybe he should have reached out to be friends with Sirzechs and Grayfia much sooner.

[}-o-{]​

"I think that was a success," Joshua commented, drinking from his cup of tea during breakfast.

Off to the side, on the other end of the table, he could see and hear Kunou and Morag speaking animatedly about the binge watching of Serafall's show they had gone on the previous day. He could also hear them mention Millicas' name here and there too. So, all in all, he did feel like the playdate had been a success. 'Although, admittedly, it was supposed to be for both us adults and the children,' he mused to himself.

All the same, it wasn't like it had become all about the kids. For as much fun as Kunou, Morag and Millicas seemed to have had, Joshua had had a good time just talking with Sirzechs and Grayfia. Both of them were easier to get along with than he'd first assumed. Although, that might have been all due to how good a mood he'd been in.

"Indeed," Yasaka with her own beverage in hand. "How're you dealing with the aftermath of socializing?"

"I feel like I want to stay in my room and sleep for a week," Joshua answered, drawing a soft snort and a smile from the youkai. He was only half-joking though. It had all gone well and he'd had a good time, but the toll on his social battery had left him exhausted all the same.

"A day to take it easy then?" his partner asked and he made a halfhearted shrugging motion.

"Not really. I made sure Ravel cleared my schedule, but I feel like my soul's finished recovering. And yes, I've felt this way for days, I was just making sure," he explained, preemptively answering the follow up question he was sure she'd make. "So, I'll make sure I'm fine and then I should be able to tackle some things with the Egyptians' help."

"A busy day instead, that's one way to try and recover from exhaustion," Yasaka pointed out and she didn't even need to put any criticism in her voice or words for Joshua to feel like he was a disappointment. That was some next level guilt tripping, he knew. All the same though, he grinned wryly at her.

"How about just a busy couple of hours? I have the entire day free and the kids had plenty of fun yesterday," he said, leaning back and taking a sip from his cup of tea. He'd almost finished it, he noted idly before turning his attention back to Yasaka. "We could go somewhere after we're both done, provided you're not a hypocrite that has her schedule full too."

The look the youkai leader sent his way probably would have scared anyone else.

Joshua just grinned at her.

"Anywhere in particular?"

"Hm, I'm thinking about that restaurant you liked, what was it called? The cozy one with the warm colors and spicy food," he answered with, frowning and snapping his fingers trying to remember. Much as his Japanese skill had improved a lot, his inability to remember names was twice as bad when it came to Japanese ones.

"I know which one you're talking about," she replied with a beaming smile that told him he'd picked right. Few things filled him with more pride than making such correct decisions when it came to his partners. "I'll look forward to that."

"Same," he replied, cracking his neck and then sighing after finishing the last bit of tea that was left in his cup. "For now, I'll take the kids to school. I know you'll be busier than me today," he said as he stood up and leaned down to peck her on the lips. There'd be time for more later in the day.

Besides, everyone was still around.

"Very mature, Jeanne," he commented when the girl made retching sounds. "I'll remember that the next time I see you and Kiba," he added and the girl blanched.

His sister wasn't very smart, as it turned out.

Around an hour later and back at home with only the company of his familiars, Joshua took a moment to gather his thoughts. The silence of the room felt eerie, for some reason, and also uncomfortable. He supposed he'd gotten used to the noise. All the same, he'd need the quiet in order to better do what he was about to set out to.

'Let's do this,' he thought, taking a deep breath in.

If he thought about it too much, he'd just keep himself going in circles. The spells were ready and Friday was extra ready if the giddy energy he was getting from her was anything to go by. It was better to just get to it. 'Let's do this,' he repeated, this time for the deities on the other side of his connection instead of himself.

They responded almost as eagerly as his living spell familiar, funnily enough. Or, at least, some of them did. Others were more dignified, admittedly. However, all of them were very decisive and incredibly intense. Not a single one of them felt like slacking when they'd come across an affront to their domain in Valerie.

Every god and goddess with a soul connection wanted him to step up because of that and they were more than ready to help him.

They were resolute.

So, he felt his soul stretch to accommodate them. Funnily enough, he felt it more than ever, since they were giving him a much better, almost instinctual, capability to sense and understand souls. He felt their divinity permeate his very being, which strained but withstood all the same.

He was recovered, evidently, but that didn't mean he was any better at channeling them than before.

All the same, it was time to experiment and learn.

[}-o-{]​

[Griselda Quarta]

She worked calmly on some paperwork.

The dreadful sheets had started piling ever since things with her faction had gotten extra complicated. She'd take any moment she could to get some of it out of the way. For that, she was almost grateful for the delay in their meeting. Almost being the operative word there, because the complaining officials around her were getting on her nerves.

"Why do we have to wait for an outsider of all people?" one of them mumbled under their breath and she almost rolled her eyes. The least they could do was speak out loud instead of in hushed tones with their closest allies and friends. Alas, the Church's situation meant that they had to make do with some subpar agents here and there. Their already rather small numbers had taken quite the hit with the Civil War that had broken out. "We should finish this on our own!"

The whole thing couldn't be over soon enough, if anyone asked Griselda.

Which meant it was good that they were there to discuss how to proceed to achieve that.

Now, if only their guest could get there already, that'd be great.

"How reliable can they be anyway?" a woman across the huge table from her commented, and the only thing she commended was the fact that she said that quite loudly compared to everyone else. Other than that though, she was impressed by how narrow-minded and outright ignorant what was said actually was. "Magicians are not only an affront, but they aren't even that-"

'They aren't even that strong,' was what Griselda imagined was going to be the wording there. Alas, they never got to hear the end of that because the woman was proven wrong in that very moment. Which was probably a good thing. Nobody was stupid enough to actually think that, surely. They were words spoken out of annoyance instead of actual belief, or so Griselda hoped.

All the same, a new presence teleporting into the base they were at cut through it all like a hot knife through butter. 'That's out of character,' she noted to herself, because she didn't even remember if she'd ever been hit by his full presence at any point in all the time she'd known their guest.

Yet, they were all getting blasted with the entirety of Joshua Davis' aura like the man was trying to have them all feel it.

Idly, she glanced to her side towards Lady Gabriel, but the angel seemed as at ease as she'd been before. Granted, there was no way of knowing if she actually wasn't surprised or if she was just not showing it. 'This could be part of a plan of some sort. Maybe make sure that nobody takes too much issue to Joshua?' she wondered, glancing around the room.

Where before the atmosphere had been full of nerves and annoyance, bordering on anger, there was now only hushed unease and awe in equal measure. Interestingly though, Griselda saw one person that looked excited. Not that she was surprised, really, seeing who he was.

"Joshua," Lady Gabriel greeted when the man was led through the door by staff that quickly scurried away. The angel was all smiles – smiling wider than before, actually, Griselda noted – as she stood. "You're late."

"Sorry about that, everyone," the man said, his voice more even than Griselda had ever heard it as he looked around the room. "One of my projects took too much time."

"Project was more important than us, huh?" someone all but growled in Italian, and Griselda saw the statement hit everyone in the room.

"Not more important," Joshua said then, switching to Italian with ease, even if it was slightly flawed and heavily accented. "I'll admit that much, but I imagine Sephiroth Graal isn't irrelevant."

That was one way to shock everyone out of any animosity that might have suddenly arisen.

"Mr. Davis, excuse the manners," a deep voice said, going back to English, maybe as a courtesy, and the room seemed to fall even more silent even though nobody had been speaking much. "Everyone is a little uneasy, considering the current… circumstances."

"Understandable," Joshua replied, glancing at the only empty seat at the table and letting a slight grin form on his lips. Then, he started walking up to it like a man with no pressure nor rush. "I have to say, I've wanted to meet you for some time, sir."

"Please, let's do away with the formalities, shall we?" the man said, standing up in all his considerable height and reaching across the table for a handshake. "Vasco Strada, but you can just call me Vasco."

"Joshua Davis," the magician replied with a much more present smile. Looking tiny by comparison next to the titan of a man, yet managing to look not at all weaker. A feat few could boast about all by itself, really. "And please call me Joshua, I prefer it."

And then their hands reached each other and the room was filled with a whole new level of presence. Between Joshua's still unchecked aura and Vasco unleashing his own, it was no surprise that every single human there was either frozen in place or trembling. Griselda herself felt her heart squeeze, even though she was familiar with both men.

Even the angels around were looking at the exchange with intense attention.

That made sense, however, because it wasn't every day that the two strongest members of a race met each other in such a way. Griselda almost felt it a shame that there'd be no record of the momentous event that was happening right before their eyes. It was huge, at least, in human history, and she could see that everyone – no matter what their opinions on magicians or anything else might have been – realized that.

That single second seemed to stretch for years before both men let go and sat down on their seats. There was something there, maybe in their minds or maybe actually coming across when Vasco and Joshua looked at each other. Whether from outside only or both inside and out, there was an acknowledgement of what had just happened.

The Unstoppable Priest had just met the Unmovable Magician.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, apparently it's finally time to wrap up one of the plot lines of this fic. Feels like a hundred years since the Church Civil War started, but it also feels like it hasn't been that long at the same time. At least partly because it shared space with a bunch of other storylines, I bet.

Also, Vasco, no idea how it's taken this long to meet him, considering the human adventure this is, but then again, Joshua is a hermit. Furthermore, he's very deep into other factions and never got that involved with the Church, despite everything. Wonder if that'd have gone differently had the Church made a better impression when they first popped up.

We'll never know (unless I write a spin-off, which is not impossible, I guess).

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Does your mind hyperfocus on stuff in cycles? Like, mine will. Lately I've been tinkering up TTRPG stuff for games I've started organizing with people in the Discord server like my life depends on it. But another example is the way I seem to scour through fandoms for every single fic I might be interested in before almost completely forgetting it after I find a new one to look into. As a follow up question, if you do the same, what are you focusing on these days?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Mad_Smile2607, Panicbox13 and 164 others
Adrian King
Jul 29, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 197 - -No Mistakes, No Pressure
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,076
-No Mistakes, No Pressure

Meeting Vasco Strada had actually been something Joshua had been interested in. He'd never given it much thought, true, but he had pondered how that'd go every so often. For one, he knew of the man, even without his canon knowledge. It was difficult not to. Every single human seemed to know of him, he'd lived long enough and, more importantly, done enough that everyone had heard of him.

He was the Sirzechs Lucifer of humanity, the Zeus or the Odin. He was the top of the top, the cream of the crop. He'd reached the very limits of their species and it showed. Just standing in front of him had Joshua confirm that it had all been true.

Just feeling his aura washing over him had Joshua solidify the mental image he'd already had of the man.

Even improve it.

'What a monster of a man,' he noted to himself, barely keeping his awe in check as he gazed at the man. Or, more specifically, at the man's character sheet.

[Vasco Strada

Title: Violence of Heaven

Race: Human

Gender: Male

Rank: S

Strength: SS

Speed: S

Dexterity: S

Vitality: S

Perception: S

Magic: B

Life: B]

'Higher general ranking than me,' he noted idly. He wasn't at all insulted by that. If anything, the fact that he was so close made him feel very proud. The only stats he had on Vasco were Magic and Life, which made sense. Magic was his main stat and Life he'd raised through Senjutsu, as opposed to… Did the Church even have anything to help Vasco with that or did the man just completely break the system and brute force his Life stat all the way up to what it was?

Because that B stat might be the most impressive one if that was the case.

There was also a very important fact that made that character sheet all the more impressive.

Vasco Strada was old.

Joshua would bet anything that his stats would look even higher if he were younger, if he were in his prime, and that was thoroughly humbling. 'I couldn't take him without preparation time,' he noted to himself, although that was expected too. If he could take down someone without prep, then they clearly weren't strong enough to bother considering, at least in terms of a fight.

God knew his stats were higher than Penemue, but he'd never underestimate the power of a politician.

He was in a relationship with three of those and that had only made them that much scarier.

"Do you think you can make way for us, Joshua?" Griselda said, bringing him back to the present and he raised an eyebrow at the woman. Was that a serious question or was she just lying down facts? All the same, he took a deep breath in and then answered.

"Unless the information you gave me was incorrect, it shouldn't be a problem," he replied, drawing a very much not inconspicuous angry response from someone down the table. The one that had provided said information, he would bet. "Even then, I'm accounting for the fact that it'll be incomplete anyway. If their defenses pose a problem, then it's a different matter entirely."

As he said that, however, he grinned.

"I'll pay you for this job if that happens," he added, and he found the wide-eyed look from Griselda very amusing. He meant what he said though. If someone had that kind of protection, then he wanted to study it, take it apart to see what they'd done. It would be a great learning experience.

"Then we'll leave that to you," Gabriel said, a smile on her face that showed almost nothing. Joshua could be reading too much into it, but he thought he saw a hint of fond amusement somewhere there. All the same, she continued then, turning towards the rest of the people gathered. "As for everyone else, we'll be going in to deal with the base itself. Once again, I implore you to keep the bloodshed to a minimum, but not at the expense of your own health," the angel said, an uncharacteristically grim expression on her face. She looked like it pained her to say so, but she meant every word.

If she was this torn about this, Joshua wondered how awful the Great War must have been for her. Although, it could just as well be because these were her people she was fighting against. It was just that they were… so twisted they were fighting against their own pantheon.

He made a mental note to do something nice to try and cheer her up at least a little.

Most of the rest of the planning, Joshua wasn't very interested in. He had one job, the rest would be handled by everyone else. So, he'd mostly been invited because he was a key component of breaking through into the base, but other than that, it had been all a formality. He did have to answer some questions here and there though. Would his spells get in the way of their raid? Not unless they cast something that would keep his spells out or attack them for whatever reason, and even then it'd depend. How fast would he be able to break through? He'd know once he'd gotten a look himself, but he gave an estimate all the same.

So on and so forth.

He almost wished he could do as he did during Anti-KB meetings and just pull out his notebook to work on something. Alas, he couldn't do that without very much insulting everyone in the room and making Gabriel and Griselda look bad for vouching for him. Not only would that suck, but the Church wasn't really… informed of his relationship with the angel, so he wanted to be in their good books as much as possible before those news became more widespread than a few people here and there in the faction.

'I'm so bored though,' he lamented to himself, but at least the appreciative smile he saw Gabriel sneaking his way was worth it.

[}-o-{]​

[Jeanne Davis]

"You ready?" Joshua asked her and she grinned.

Normally, she'd be a lot less confident about sparring with her brother, especially in a one on one situation. However, that day was a special case. Not only were they fighting exclusively with swords, which was her specialty, but they were also fighting in front of her friends from the kendo club. Jeanne knew that Joshua liked to be seen as a normal guy whenever possible, even if he was anything but. So, he was unlikely to go all out, or maybe he'd handicap himself to let her win.

"Humbling," some voices whispered, grim and respectful.

"Galling, but understandable," was what others had to say.

"I should be asking you that," Jeanne asked out loud, a grin on her face as she gripped her shinai. The next second, she was already on him, with Joshua barely reacting fast enough to block her sword. He was definitely weighting himself down with spells, maybe even adding other stuff to make himself weaker. Jeanne was under no delusions that her brother could kick her ass even with a direct, straightforward sword.

He was too fast, too strong and too durable. Her technique wouldn't be enough if he were going all out. As such, Jeanne was determined to milk that moment for all it was worth. It'd be nice to be the one to win a spar for once. Was it petty of her? Unfair? It was probably both, but that wouldn't stop her.

She heard the voices sigh, disappointed, but there were some that seemed to find her thoughts amusing. There were even one or two that agreed with her. That was fine. She didn't need to always listen to them, nor did she need to agree with them.

She appreciated their insight, their help, of course. How could she not, when they'd led her towards being the happiest she'd ever been? All the same, she'd also learned to be herself, faults and all. Joshua had taught her that, being the mess that he was. Her brother had a lot of flaws. He was an absentminded workaholic, for one, but he was also a gentle caretaker and he was also, most importantly, happy.

Jeanne wanted to be happy above all things, so she'd follow his example and let her flaws be.

"Living your own life is important, listen to yourself," the voices agreed, even if some did so begrudgingly.

"Come on, Josh, is that all?" she taunted, making her brother's eyes narrow. She was almost positive that he was just following along though. Jeanne appreciated it, especially because her friends seemed to be having fun watching them spar.

She wasn't sure herself how they'd ended up in that situation, but she wasn't complaining. She didn't get to spend a lot of time with Joshua those days, if it wasn't training back at home or during meals. She understood that he did important things, but she'd nevertheless be grateful for the moment to just spend time with her brother in a setting that was more her life than his, such as the kendo club at Kuoh.

"Kick her ass, Mr. Davis!"

"You're supposed to be on my side!" she exclaimed, turning to glare at her friend, who burst into giggles. Giggles that turned into laughter when she got poked with Joshua's shinai. He'd let up his handicap for that, she was sure. She wasn't so bad that she could be so easily distracted into letting a hit in.

"A family of petty people," the voices sighed.

Which, fair enough.

"You'll regret that," she hissed, earning herself a grin from Joshua.

They sparred for a bit after that, and she did win. She'd treasure that memory for quite some time, even if it wasn't a fully earned victory. After that, they still stayed around, watching the club activities happen, with Jeanne joining in here and there. She was part of the club, even if she didn't always stay at school for that. She worked at the cafe too, after all, and she was more serious about that than sport-fighting.

Fortunately, her friends didn't seem to mind, but that might have been because she was one of the best even with her lackluster determination.

"You shouldn't be here," Sona told them, crossing their path "coincidentally" when they were on their way out of the school. If the devils – both groups – hadn't known Joshua was there ever since he arrived, then Jeanne would eat one of her swords. "This is a space for students."

"Are you gonna kick me out?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow and smiling at the devil. Jeanne had to contain her giggles when she saw a hint of pink color the girl's cheeks. Unfortunately for her, she didn't stand a chance. Jeanne was sure Sona would get the same treatment Rias did if she tried. The devil was likely aware of that herself, but that didn't help her much, apparently.

"I won't," Sona acknowledged, almost huffing the words.

"Thanks," Joshua replied with a chuckle. "If you want, you can take these from your supposed debt," he added, but the devil just narrowed her eyes at him. She likely saw that as an insult of some sort, since it was so minor. "Or not," her brother added. "Did you need anything, Sona?" he added, his voice and his smile softening. Now the Sitri devil was definitely blushing.

Jeanne wondered if Joshua was actually that dense.

Then she remembered that yes, he definitely was.

"Not really," the girl admitted, but she did seem to think of something. "I've been considering asking you about your apprentices though, and if they might be interested in making a contract with me or my peerage members."

"Hm, I imagine you'll like Levi and I might have some in mind that'd like the idea," Joshua replied, taking a moment to think that over. "Jeanne and I were going to the cafe, you want to come with us and we can talk about over there?"

"I wouldn't want to impose," Sona said, glancing towards Jeanne. For her part, she just grinned, knowing full well what was coming. Sure enough, her brother chuckled and reached with an arm around the girl's shoulders and pulled her along, reassuring her that it was fine.

"Not imposing at all, I could use distractions today," her brother said casually, unaware of the predicament he put Sona in.

Oblivious Joshua was hilarious, as always.

[}-o-{]​

[Griselda Quarta]

"Do you need anything, Joshua?" she asked, standing straight and feeling the nervous energy coursing through her. She might have been in the business for a while, but she had never gotten used to major battles. They just had a way of having her bring her guard up all the way.

One never knew what could happen, or when, or where, or how.

There were a lot of unknowns and every single one of them could get people killed. She'd had friends and colleagues and rivals die in battles that were supposed to be easy and missions that were supposed to be simple, never mind when the stakes were higher and the odds harsher. Thus, she'd promised herself long before that point that she'd never let her guard down before a mission or a battle.

"No, I just need a minute to check the defenses," the man in front of her said, eyes locked in the direction of their objective. The base couldn't even be seen, actually. It was only their detailed information that let them know where they had to go, really.

Off to the side, Griselda heard someone scoff under their breath, and that meant the magician had heard it just as clearly. He didn't show it though, not even so much as twitching. There would always be those that reacted negatively to outsiders and Joshua Davis was an outsider, no doubt about that. He wasn't part of their faction. Furthermore, he was in a very public relationship with a Satan and a Youkai leader. The second was much less offensive than the first, but both worked against him all the same, nevermind both facts put together.

As the cherry on top of that cake, magicians were generally not very well regarded by the Church.

Basically, Joshua had a lot of things stacked against him, so it was no wonder that many people in Griselda's faction had no love lost for the man, no matter how strong he was. If anything, the fact that his legend was growing to match Vasco's was considered an insult of its own.

It was only her and, more importantly, Gabriel that had convinced people to even let his involvement happen. And she was glad they'd managed, because there were few things more reassuring than having two of the strongest humans participating in the same mission on the same side. The only way she'd have felt even more confident would have been if Heaven got more involved.

Alas, angels could only do so much without drawing unwanted attention. The Civil War as a whole had managed to stay relatively under the radar as far as other factions were concerned, for one. There was a reason why major powers tended to keep to their own domains and it was that too much movement made people nervous. If the Olympians decided to all visit a beach in South America, it was sure to cause an inter-faction incident, for example.

The same could be said about any spot in the mortal realm, even if it'd be less impactful in their own territory.

Thus, angels were keeping their involvement relatively indirect.

"Ok, I think I've got it," Joshua commented, tilting his head. "And the base is that way," he added, pointing slightly to the left of where they thought their target was from where they stood. "I'm gonna make an illusion map for all the teams to adjust positions and aims," he added, waving his hand.

Immediately, a small three dimensional projection appeared in front of Griselda and she took it in as best she could in such short notice. She saw several of the exorcists around shift in place. The nervous energy had spiked even more and Griselda was far from the only one in that regard. Starting off by being told they had the wrong information was… worrying.

Very worrying.

"Other than that though, not that hard," Joshua commented, and circles started appearing around them, spells being cast and magic flooding the area. "A little better than the Tepes defenses," the man added, further adding to the roller coaster of emotions that Griselda was dealing with.

Although she wasn't complaining this time, she'd take whiplash-inducing relief any day.

Not even a full minute after that, she saw the base appear. A moment later, enemy agents started coming out, casting their response to Joshua's one-man siege. If what they did made any difference though, she didn't know, because the magician by her side seemed to have no issue whatsoever, continuing to cast like nothing was going on.

Actually, his spell came to be with the same ease he'd cast the illusion map from before. There was no fear and no nerves, only confidence that bordered on boredom. By the looks of it, Griselda was impressed in a way that had nothing to do with the man's magical prowess. He was attacking the base defenses like it was nothing special, a routine occurrence that didn't even require effort.

"Path's open for you, Vasco," she heard him say and not even a moment later there was a loud boom in the distance and a chunk of the base – part of which was hidden from their view – seemed to blow up. "What a scary guy," Joshua commented idly, before turning his head to the side. Griselda only just barely managed to follow his gaze to see someone had shot themselves up in the air in a flash of light…

Only to crash against an invisible wall and fall pitifully to the ground.

"Nobody's going anywhere," the magician said, his voice detached and cold. "I'm sick of people breaking through my spells."

In the privacy of her mind, Griselda repeated the man's words, just with a different target.

'What a scary guy.'

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

It was always nice to be part of a fight that went as planned.

Or, at least, to be part of a fight that went well and smoothly. It was especially nice after his fight in vampire territory. After being driven to a point in which he had to tear apart his own soul to win – again –, it was nice to just… cast spells, defeat people and win. It was like going to a buffet after a long week of dieting, or something along those lines, he guessed.

He wouldn't actually know; he'd never gone on a diet.

That odd tangent was nice on its own, because it meant he didn't have to focus on the battle, because it was under control. Vasco had already made a huge hole in the defenses he'd weakened, nevermind how effective a distraction he was. Joshua had basically closed the place around the base and finished breaking down whatever protection was left. Now, Church agents were moving in to deal with whatever Strada wasn't wrecking.

All was going smoothly and Joshua was all the more happy for it.

'If this were a story, something unexpected would happen and some enemy would appear, like one of those strays pulling an unexpected power up out their ass or Khaos Brigade making an appearance,' Joshua mused to himself, moving to take a seat on a nearby rock that oversaw the castle turned base. Cheshire, the only familiar that had come with him other than Friday – on account of her being the least likely to cause issues with the less reasonable Church members –, moved to curl up beside him and he petted her absentmindedly.

Feeling a little cautious after that thought – or a little paranoid, depending on how one saw it – he doubled down a little, throwing some more spells and asking Friday to not look at other things. If something unexpected did happen, he didn't want to be caught off guard. No ass pulls would ruin his good mood and the easy victory, he swore. Because if he had to go through another stressful fight after the vampire skirmish, then he'd be very annoyed and it would be everyone's problem.

'All's well that ends well though,' he thought, sensing as the opposing forces dwindled little by little. Sometimes not so little, whenever there was a Vasco appearance somewhere. 'He should be able to take care of anything over there,' he mused, tilting his head.

As such, he turned his attention mostly outwards, adding more spells to keep forces away from the area. He didn't think anyone would go there, but it didn't hurt to be careful, as far as he was concerned. After that though, he took another moment to just contemplate the fight and also to go over the information Friday and he had gotten from the defenses of the place.

They hadn't been anything to write home about, sure, but there'd been a few details here and there worth considering. Anything could be a learning experience if one was open-minded enough and Joshua liked nothing more than to learn more magic. Any little thing he could add to his repertoire could mean the difference between victory or defeat, life or death.

So, he'd take any chance to learn he was given, no matter how small.

'Should be able to start my rune classes after this,' he thought, absentmindedly summoning a snack for Cheshire when his feline familiar meowed at him. 'That'll be great, and if we have enough free time, maybe start looking into how to earn favor with the Norse. The rune magic system could be great.'

He almost wanted to take one of his books on rune magic to work on that while he waited, but he had a feeling that wasn't a good idea, even if he was by himself at the moment.

Besides, as things were going, it was just a matter of time before.

[Quest Complete: Help End the Church's Internal Conflict

Reward:

+ 15 levels to all stats

+ 10 levels to Light Magic

+ What no eye has seen, nor ear heard, nor the heart of man imagined.]

'... Do I need to fill out a bug report or something?' he wondered, unsure of how he should even feel regarding the last of the system's eccentricities by that point. 'Are you getting worse? What's going on?'

Fortunately, Joshua was getting used to the system shenanigans. It also helped that he was way past the point when he'd pay all that much attention to it. At most he got a level up on something every so often. The most he'd seen of it those days were his attempts to raise his Sword Mastery skill to better use Ascalon. Other than that, he could go an entire week without a screen appearing in front of his face.

'Might as well check if something happened,' he decided, petting Cheshire and checking with Friday before starting to call screens. He didn't notice anything new in his titles, his perks, his character sheet, nor his- 'Oh, is this it?' he thought, looking at the previously mysterious language skill he'd gotten from giving life to Friday.

[####e# ## #e##e# - Lvl [?]/[?]]

'Thanks, System, very useful,' he thought to himself. He wasn't even annoyed really. It was more amusing than anything by that point. He could get by with what he had of the system, after all. Anything else was nice, of course, but he could manage with what he had. At least his own magic progress was something that he could trust not to break, unlike the system.

'I should work on Light Magic too,' he mused, looking back at the rewards. He'd gotten that one a while before and he had barely touched on that. In his defense, good as it was, he had a lot of things to focus on. Furthermore, he knew that if it ever got out that he could use Light Magic like angels could, it'd be a headache and a half. Still though, it might come in useful at some point…

Maybe he could use that to learn to mimic the magic with his own spells instead of directly using Light Magic?

'Now, there's an idea.'

"We're wrapping things up," Griselda said, coming to stand in front of him again and he nodded. "Thank you for your help, Joshua."

"Happy to help," he replied with a smile, even as his mind started drifting to what he'd be working on next.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Sometimes it feels odd to have a fight go easily when the battle is supposed to be important. Like, sure, some random Khaos Brigade base getting obliterated is one thing, it's another for the last bastion of a powerful force's rebel resistance to be just… Done like it was in this chapter. However, I feel like sometimes that's needed. Because if every fight is a struggle, then it becomes predictable and then it's either annoying or tiresome to see the MC always struggling.

Admittedly, that's just my opinion.

There's also the fact that I tend to let my characters and stories write themselves and I didn't think it made any sense for this to be a hard fight. Not only has Joshua faced tougher odds before and done well, but there's also the fact that Vasco was there, so it's like having two Joshuas in a single attack, one of them not even needing prep-time to be at his best. As if Joshua alone wasn't scary enough, right?

With all that said, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Gonna follow up the notes this time. What do you think about the characters having an easy fight in stories?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 176 others
Adrian King
Aug 5, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 198 - It’s Close to Midnight New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,097
It's Close to Midnight

[Griselda Quarta]

As they started getting things in order, teleporting their traitors to the locations they would be kept in until they could be judged, checking the base for whatever they could find that could be necessary and other things, Griselda looked Joshua Davis every so often. The man stood in between the moving agents, glancing around like he wasn't really seeing anything that was going on. Instead, he seemed more lost in his own mind, which wasn't something she was particularly surprised about.

Yet, she didn't think it'd ever been so apparent as it was at that moment, in the midst of all that was going on.

Because she could see why someone could get bored in a political meeting. Few people liked those, admittedly, and she was amongst those that didn't. However, he seemed to be extra uncaring in that regard and now Griselda was seeing that it applied to other things too, such as battles like the one they'd just orchestrated. It made her wonder if there was anything that he seemed to find worth attention.

Well, he did have two partners, so that could be it, she supposed, but Davis didn't strike her as that type of man. 'Magic then,' she concluded and it was so painfully obvious that she was a little baffled it'd taken her that long. Nobody got that far into a field that fast without having some passion about it, no matter how talented the individual was. So, yes, she could see the logic in that.

"You should be able to start setting the new defenses of the base soon, Joshua," she informed him after assessing the progress they'd made on the after-battle dealings. It was a little ironic, that it was taking longer to clean after the fact than the skirmish itself had taken. It was what happened when one used such overwhelming force, she supposed. She couldn't be more glad the battle had been easy though, so she was definitely not complaining. "Thank you for the help again."

"Don't mention it," he replied, waving her off like what he'd done was nothing. "Do you mind if I go in and check their defense room? I want to take a closer look to some parts, if they haven't been ruined," he added, his gaze sharpening the smallest bit as he looked towards the building to their side.

"Not at all," she answered after a moment and he nodded, walking away before she could assign him a guide. Then again, he could probably find his way in by himself. Either he'd studied the inside of the building for his wards, or just because he could, or he could sense his destination. All of those were impressive in their own right, at least in Griselda's mind.

"Thank the Lord he's on our side," she heard someone mumble and she wanted to roll her eyes. She really hoped that person hadn't been one of those that had taken issue to Joshua, but she knew the chances weren't zero. With any luck, having the angels back in the picture would allow for the Church to be what it should be, instead of a divided, weakened shadow.

"Davis left already?" a new voice said and Griselda felt her back straighten at the same time that everyone else's did. She turned slowly and almost gulped when she realized that she was the one being addressed.

"Not yet," she said, trying to calm herself. Much as she knew the man and would almost call him a friend, Griselda couldn't shake off the awe that his presence brought. Especially when he'd been unleashing his might not even a few minutes before then. "He went to check on what remains of the defenses they had set up before setting up his own perimeter around this place, in a less… aggressive and provisionary manner."

"I see," Vasco replied, looking towards the now half-destroyed building and tilting his head. "Interesting fellow, that one," he added, in what Griselda thought was a gross understatement. "It's a shame that he's not one of ours, but strong allies are appreciated," the man said then with a slight shake of his head. Griselda didn't miss the fact that his eyes seemed to look in very specific directions.

She was of the same mind, truly, even if she couldn't be that vocal about it, nor as blatant in her judgement.

"Maybe I'll get to talk to him more. Xenovia has had plenty to say about him," Vasco commented, almost casually, and it'd never not be a little jarring. One didn't expect small talk from a person such as him, but he was only human in the end, . "Not all of it good, of course, but she's always been… rash and opinionated."

And brainwashed by particularly bad seeds – she added in her own mind –, even with as much as Griselda had tried her best not to let that happen. There was yet another hope she had for the new era that the Church was starting. Maybe there wouldn't be as many Xenovias out there suffering the twisted views of people that wanted nothing but war now that things were changing.

"She's been getting better," Griselda commented, although she wasn't sure if she was trying to defend her ward or just making an observation. Some time ago, it might have been the former, but she felt like Xenovia was genuinely doing better. Glancing to the side, she saw the girl and Irina discussing something with other wielders of Excalibur pieces. "There's a long way to go still though."

"Not just for her," Vasco pointed out and she nodded slightly. The Church in general would still have a long way to go before it could be said that things were well. But they were doing something about it, at least. Slowly, but steadily. For the moment…

"Indeed," she replied, taking a deep breath in before turning to address the man by her side. "If you'll excuse me, sir. There's a few things left for me to handle."

"Go ahead," he replied and she nodded before walking away. From what she could see, things were more or less wrapped up. She'd check on a few things and then tell Joshua to do his magic, literally. Then they could all just rest after a job well done.

Few things better than that, in Griselda's opinion.

[}-o-{]​

[Koneko Toujou]

Sometimes, when she visited the Davis household, she felt like she heard stuff that she wasn't supposed to hear.

"I mean, it's fine. I didn't even know you were planning to reward me extra for this attack," Joshua commented, sounding entirely too casual for someone that had just been discussing the last attack on the Church's Civil War. Which was the kind of topic Koneko was sure she shouldn't be hearing stuff about.

She was reasonably sure that nobody knew about that other than… Well, her and other people that spent a lot of time at Joshua's place. Or was it Yasaka's place then? It felt like Joshua's most of the time, but then again, Koneko was only there when he was around, so she was kind of biased on the matter.

It was a good thing she didn't speak much or often, or she imagined she'd be afraid of letting out some of the things she was pretty sure were supposed to be secret.

"Joshua," she heard Gabriel said, almost like she wanted to sigh but was holding it in. That tone was used a lot on Joshua. Which didn't distract Koneko from secret number two that she probably shouldn't talk about, which became all the more glaring when the angel kissed the man. "Never change, even if it's a little aggravating at times."

"... Sorry?"

"Yes, you will be rewarded extra for your efforts in this last battle," the Seraphim said, apparently deciding to completely ignore Joshua's confused apology. "We also should talk about…" the angel started, before finally seeming to acknowledge Koneko. For a second, the reincarnated nekoshou almost thought she'd hold back the information, which should be normal, but then Gabriel turned towards Joshua and continued. "About how you're helping my siblings. It'll cause a bit of a stir, but you've helped the devils plenty and you're also helping the fallen, even if they earned a little… less than preferential treatment."

"Any reason in particular for that?" Joshua asked, apparently a little caught off guard.

"Because of the dhampir," Gabriel said and the angel seemed to smile softly, if sadly, when Joshua stiffened a little. Koneko also noticed his emotions growing colder, sadder, almost hurt. "We think we might have something that could help her. It'll take some convincing to get it though, which is why we want to smooth things over by increasing your reputation."

"... Okay then, if you and the others think it's the right move, go ahead," Joshua agreed, sounding reluctant about it. More than that though, the man seemed to be awkward. Koneko could fully relate to feeling uncomfortable with one's position though. How many times had her being Rias' Rook caused people to look at her differently, approaching her or avoiding her or any number of other reactions? She was still learning to deal with that, truly, but Koneko could thankfully get away without doing much due to how she'd built her reputation and how relatively small her position was.

Joshua didn't have that benefit.

"With that said," Gabriel said then, sighing and almost deflating dejectedly. "I should go."

"See you tonight?"

"You know I'll be here," the angel replied, her mood lifting a little. "See you tonight, Koneko," she added, beaming at Koneko in a way that was very awkward for her. Why was she so friendly with her? Even with all the madness she was getting used to, it was still odd to have an angel be so… nice to her.

"See you," she mumbled, looking down a little.

A flash of light later, it was just Joshua and her.

Koneko was wondering if she should have arrived later. She knew Kunou was still in her classes and Ravel wouldn't be around on account to whatever job Joshua was supposed to have – an attack, she now knew –, but she'd had nothing better to do. She could have gone to the training space, where she was sure her sister was with Raynare, but… She didn't always feel like seeing Kuroka, much as things were much better than they'd once been.

She was coming to accept her sister back in her life, but that didn't mean old scars didn't hurt all the same on occasion.

"Sorry for ignoring you, Koneko," Joshua commented, walking up to her with a smile and ruffling her hair. She pretended to pout, just because she knew he'd chuckle at that. He found that cute, apparently, and if she could improve his mood with such a small thing, she'd do it.

The gesture had long since stopped being annoying though.

"Should I hear stuff like that?" she blurted out, unable to keep her curiosity at bay. Not to be a stereotype, but even she had her limits and she'd been wondering about that since the first time she'd seen something that was probably some flavor of secret while visiting. To further confuse her, Joshua blinked at her as if he couldn't understand the question. "That sounded like you were talking secrets with Gabriel," she explained.

"I mean, kinda. We were talking about revealing those secrets too," he commented, as if that made any amount of sense. Sure, they'd been talking about revealing those, but she had heard about a lot of that long before. "Is something the matter?" Joshua asked, and she could tell that she wasn't getting through to him. He wasn't dumb though, so maybe he was thinking about something else. He did have that "magic thoughts" look on his face.

"Why'd you let me hear about all of that?" Koneko asked, a little more firmly, because if she'd already gathered the courage to – almost without thinking, but still – ask about it, she wanted a proper answer. "I shouldn't have known about any of it."

"... I mean, because we trust you. I do, at least," he answered, seemingly focusing on her a little more. "I mean, you're practically part of the family, aren't you?" he added, planting a hand on top of her head. "Now, let's go get some snacks, yeah? We can wait for Kunou to get out of her classes while eating."

As they walked, Koneko processed what she'd just heard. Then, she allowed herself to do what she always wanted to when the man's hand reached for her head. She leaned into the touch, relishing the soft, warm, caring gesture and smiling the smallest bit.

"You're practically part of the family," her mind repeated and her smile widened.

[}-o-{]​

[Göndul]

What a terrifying man.

No.

What a terrifying existence.

That was all Göndul could think about as she watched Joshua Davis work.

Their first class had been underway already for quite a bit. She'd arrived early, but apparently not early enough, because the man had already been sitting in the room House of Water had provided. Göndul had found him in the middle of piles of books on runes – basic runes, that is – and some about and in Norse. How much earlier he'd gotten there than her? She had never found out, because she'd gotten swept into teaching as soon as she walked through the door.

The man had been as enthusiastic as any student Göndul had ever thought. Not only that, but he'd also done his homework, evidently. He had a solid grasp of everything she'd wanted to start with for their first session. Hel, he even had a good grasp on things she'd thought to put aside until later down the line.

He'd evidently devoured everything he could to prepare for the class.

And he'd learned a terrifying amount for someone that worked with a different system and was just starting to learn runes. Göndul had to do her best to appear calm as she watched him tinker, drawing down a circle of runes instead of the ones magicians of his association used. He was even doing a decent job at it too. Göndul could spot mistakes all over his lines of runes, but the fact that he could make an attempt that wasn't a complete mess from start to finish was…

Terrifying.

'What are you, Joshua Davis?' she asked in her mind, looking up from the paper sheet and towards the man that she was supposed to teach. Instead of wondering how to approach the lesson though, all Göndul could think of was that there had to be some kind of deal going on. No new practitioner was that good, no matter how gifted.

Yet there he was.

"Ok," Davis mumbled, leaning back and looking at his work. It was a circle alright, not one that would work, but it was there. Göndul could even use that as a foundation for something, if she had to try. That was more than she could say about any other new student she had taught in her long, long life. "Let's see now," he added and she blinked.

She'd expected him to turn towards her and ask for instruction or criticism or guidance. Instead, she saw the man snap his fingers and attempt to cast that spell. Predictably, the magic broke apart, unstable and erratic as any failure was. She hadn't even had time to process that… before the magic was consumed, spells all around the room tearing it apart, consuming it. Magic that she'd felt dormant around her before came alive with brutal efficiency.

"About what I expected," the man said, smiling like a child with a new toy as he turned towards her. Suddenly, Göndul felt like she was in danger. Not because he might attack her or anything, Davis wouldn't hurt a fly if he wasn't given a reason to and even she knew that. However, there was something hungry and dangerous in his eyes at that moment.

Right then and there, Göndul didn't feel like a teacher.

'Is this what food would feel like on a platter?' she wondered, gulping.

"That's the best I can do right now," Davis continued, bringing a hand up to rub the back of his neck. "I think I could pick up on a few places I could have improved-" Did he think that was normal? To learn from a failure like that? To pick up anything from that split second before his other spells tore apart the chaotic energy? "-, but I imagine you can explain it to me better than I'd be able to piece it together."

A chill ran down Göndul's spine…

… And then she laughed.

"Oh, I'm going to love teaching you," she replied, feeling younger than she had in a long, long time. Then she grinned right back at the young man and decided, then and there, that if she was given such a monster, loved by magic and blessed by talent, then she'd make the most of it. Joshua Davis was already well on his way to being a legend, if he wasn't already, but by the time Göndul was done with him?

He'd be twice as good.

"First, you need to change the order you placed the lines in the circle. The outer ring has more space, obviously, so you want to put the minute details in that line," she started explaining, feeling herself grown excited at the eager look on the young man's face. Yes, Joshua Davis would learn runic magic in no time, she was sure.

And if she had any say in the matter – and she definitely did –, he'd learn specialized runes too.

Talent like that was too rare, too valuable, to be squashed by silly politics. If her pantheon squandered the chance to attach themselves to this growing monster, the Göndul would have to question the wisdom in following them down to Hel. That was an issue for a future that she was almost positive wouldn't happen.

So, Göndul focused on that very moment, sitting next to what felt like Fenrir himself and personally giving the creature the fangs that could kill gods.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Few other times had he felt as excited as he was at that moment, with the opportunity to broaden his options with an entire new magic system. Furthermore, speaking of systems, the game seemed to have decided to work properly for once too, and with something new to boot. That hadn't happened in entirely too long, Joshua felt.

[Magic

Myrddin Circles - Lvl 100/100

Determines the user's ability to understand and apply Myrddin Circles.

Nordic Circles - Lvl 3/100

Determines the user's ability to understand and apply Nordic Circles.]

The new skill branch altogether had been a bit of a surprise, admittedly, but nowhere near a big one. At that point, Joshua was kind of used to his game's shenanigans. It'd have been odder if something else had happened though, admittedly.

'Sometimes I feel like I'm beta testing this shit though,' he thought to himself wryly as he looked at the frankly entirely too stiff House of Water member that watched over the teleportation spot. Apparently he was there to check that nobody was messing with other people's teleportation or doing something shady. Skilled enough individuals could follow you to your destination if they got a good look at your circle, after all.

Personally, Joshua had taken to just putting an illusion around him when he teleported, but not everyone could do that.

'Maybe I can teach my students that,' he mused idly in the second it took him to appear back at home. It was probably a little late, but maybe he'd catch Kunou, Koneko and Ravel playing cards or watching shows way past their bed time. Wouldn't be the first time and wouldn't be the last either.

He might even join them for a bit before sending them off.

'I'm in a good mood, evidently,' Joshua thought as he walked into the kitchen to find… silence. 'Welp, maybe another time. I'll just get myself a cup of tea and call it a day. Yasaka's already asleep,' he decided after checking with his spells. Everyone had called it a day, which was a little disappointing, he'd admit.

Although, to be fair, he had stayed after hours in his already quite late class. It was mostly the left over energy from said lecture that was keeping him going, really. That and his many spells designed to have him at top condition as best they could when he was home and Friday always made sure they had a little extra kick.

Nothing beat some good sleep though, which was why he'd be going right to bed afterwards.

For the moment though, he enjoyed the moment of calm with a cup of tea in his hand. 'Norse Magic level is discouraging, but it shouldn't take long to make it usable, system or not,' Joshua noted to himself trying to get all his thinking out of the way before trying to sleep. Otherwise he'd just struggle while staring at the ceiling for hours. 'I can already think of ways where even the basic runes work better than Myrddin Circles… They aren't better at everything though, so I might have to hold off just in case it's better to keep going the way I am in some circles.'

He'd have to go over a lot of circles once he was a little deeper into that rabbit hole. There'd be a lot of work to do, but it would be worth it. If he could push his magic to be that little bit more effective, then he needed to do it. He could make anything happen, he was sure, with enough dedication and time and information. However, being able to do all that better would make all his tinkering that much better.

So he only needed to persist a little more, make a little more progress and-

Joshua froze.

The already quiet night had grown even more silent. His spells were reading nothing. His senses were getting no presence at all of anything… And that should have been reassuring, if not for the fact that his spells and senses always picked up on something. There was always something minimal to notice and dismiss. Some insect, or some remnant of magic, or even something out of place that his spells pointed out.

Yet, then and there, there was nothing.

'What's going on?' he thought, growing nervous and feeling Friday frightened and unnerved on the back of his mind. His other familiars had woken up because of their state through the bond and were already moving. 'There's gotta be something, right? Wh-?'

"Joshua Davis," a voice said and Joshua turned and looked down at a pair of eyes as black as anything he had ever seen. Actually, they reminded him of a particular black color, one he'd only seen once.

"I love you."

"I love you, son. I'm proud of you."

The cold.

The black.

Nothing.

"I've heard a lot about you," he heard, the voice almost sounding distant to his shaken state, but it brought him back out of his mind all the same. He stared, gathering his wits as best he could and only barely managing. "I wanted to talk to you."

He wanted to run, to hide, but he knew it'd be useless. For all his strength, for all his defenses and preparations, he had nothing to use at that very moment. The idea was laughable, really. All his efforts against Khaos Brigade, the Hero Faction, the Devil Faction, the Magician Faction and anything else, all of it had relied on bigger figures looking away from him, focusing on the alliance and furthering their insane plans.

He knew it was a possibility that they'd turn to him, but he thought maybe… He'd had to hope… that if anyone looked for him, they'd at least not be… Because if not, he'd have done nothing.

Yet, there he was, facing the consequences of his actions and powerless.

Because what could he do in the face of Infinity?

"Ophis," he said, his mouth dry and his body cold.

"You know me," the deceptively small girl replied, the smallest of smiles on her face. "That might simplify things."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Don't look at me, I don't know either.

In a way, this has been a long time coming. People have commented on the possibility of this several times – Looking at you, Roy. –, but I never felt like it was particularly close to happening. Then again, Ophis is a weird figure in DxD, or that's the impression I have of her. She's very… odd. I don't have a good way to describe her, that's how alien my head finds her.

All the same, the Muse and Ophis decided it was time, I guess.

I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What do you do when you've got literally nothing to do? Nothing to read, no time to play with your phone, that kind of moment. I've taken to checking Pinterest and Reddit for DnD homebrew stuff to add to my campaigns.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 177 others
Adrian King
Aug 12, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 199 - As Night Turns to Day New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,107
As Night Turns to Day

Friday was all but wailing at the back of his mind, but he couldn't really pay her any mind, much as it pained him.

He didn't know what was wrong with the living spell, but he could guess and he did have to deal with the likely cause anyway. Something much more pressing, some might say. Something that endangered not only Friday but also everyone else in the house, which included his other familiars, Kunou and Yasaka. So, he limited himself to reaching for her and soothing her as best he could. It wasn't saying much though, considering panic was squeezing his heart and he felt like someone had turned his entire body into lead while also draining him of all the strength he'd gathered through the years.

All the same, he had to soldier through that.

"You said you wanted to talk to me?" he asked, the words feeling like tar he had to force through his throat and out of his mouth.

"I did," Ophis answered, voice calm and almost casual, somewhere between weather conversation and the rehearsed, disinterested approach of a retail employee. "You've been inconveniencing the Brigade."

He imagined she was angry about that, or maybe just annoyed. Mildly inconvenienced? Something along those lines. Yet, he couldn't read anything from her. Then again, Joshua was hardly an expert at understanding body language. Furthermore, he just couldn't shake the fear and the unease Ophis produced him, even though there was nothing outright wrong with her appearance. That is, other than the laughably wrong representation of who she was that her current, girl-like body did.

Was it the eyes, windows to a void that reminded him of death itself?

Was it her strength, which he was acutely aware could end him and everyone he held dear?

Was it a combination of those?

Something else?

"I have," he admitted, because what else could he do? Lie? Lie to Ophis? He remembered her characterization being kind of… oddly innocent and straightforward, but he couldn't risk his canon knowledge being wrong again when faced with literal infinity. He just…

It was then that Joshua realized why Ophis was unnerving him so much, why she likely had absolutely traumatized Friday. Because he'd initially assumed she'd blocked out every spell and sense of his, causing the radio silence that had alerted him of her presence. He'd been wrong. The reason he couldn't pick up anything was because she was too strong.

Everything had been fried, the same way his eyes would have been if he used a telescope to look directly at the sun. His spells couldn't process the inconceivable amounts of power that Ophis was. His senses failed the same way a normal human couldn't follow something moving at the speed of light. Everything was basically failing and showing him the blue screen of death.

"You will stop," Ophis said, every word feeling like wind that washed over and through his whole body, cold as the arctic and dark as the void of space. "I will have Silence," she declared and it felt like a law of the universe being spoken to him, true, inevitable.

"Khaos won't give it to you," Joshua said, finding whatever specks of courage and sanity he could find in the midst of the desolation that Ophis had left with her mere presence. "They don't care for you, or your Silence. All they care about is your power, and they'll take it from you, use it against you."

"They can try," Ophis replied, not the least moved by what he'd said. She ignored his words like they were a particularly insignificant fly across the room. "But you will stop." He almost crumbled and just agreed to that, but he couldn't. What little presence of mind he still had screamed at him that he couldn't agree to that, because one way or another, his family would be in danger. Saying no could have Ophis kill them, but saying yes would have the same effect.

Wouldn't even buy much time, if Ophis could just drop by again and end them all at the smallest sign of an inconvenience on their part. And they couldn't stop. If they stopped, Khaos would just win, no two ways about it. Joshua couldn't let that happen.

So, he did his best to pull himself together. He felt his familiars through their bond trying to support him as best they could, him and Friday both. Cheshire felt particularly out of it too, if not quite as broken by the entire thing as Friday was. They helped, all of them, yet it felt like trying to put out a fire with a single, lonely drop of water.

It had to be enough though.

"What if I promise you Silence too?" Joshua asked and there was a pause, a quiet that fell over the room and seemed to last an eternity. He forced himself to look straight into the abyss, hoping against hope that it would look back and see the truth of his words. "Two chances of getting your Silence are better than one, right? The Brigade and me," he offered, because he knew that Ophis didn't care for anything but the Dimensional Gap, her Silence.

"You?" Ophis asked and for the first time there was a hint of actual emotion in her voice, or maybe it was Joshua's wishful thinking at work. All the same, he thought he detected the smallest bit of curiosity.

"Me," he answered, finding some strength from where he thought there was none to stand the slightest bit straighter. "You said I've been inconveniencing the Brigade, right? That means I'm reasonably close to their capabilities, maybe even better."

"The Brigade has been helping me for longer," Ophis said and he took a deep breath in, trying to keep what little calm he could manage.

"And what have they achieved towards giving you Silence?" he asked, failing miserably to keep the panic and the nerves out of his voice. "What have they done other than further their own aims?" he added quickly when he saw Ophis pause for a second. "I can do more in a month than they've done so far."

"... A month?" the Dragon of Infinity asked, tilting her head.

"One month," Joshua answered firmly, with confidence he had to have. What could he reasonably do in that time?... A lot, if he had any say in the matter. If he had to cut off everything else, he would, because not having a literally infinitely powerful dragon after his ass was quite possibly the biggest priority in the world. "I'll show you something worth sparing us in a month."

"... One month," Ophis agreed with a slight nod and he almost passed out from relief. "I'll come back in a month," was all the dragon said after that, disappearing like she'd never been there before. No circle, no magic, no nothing.

A diminutive part of him wondered how she managed that, but most of his mind was too busy doing one of two things, worrying and cheering. Worrying because now he had a month to get something that'd make Ophis happy enough to spare him and everyone he cared about. Cheering because holy shit, he had just survived a meeting with one of the two strongest beings in the DxD world, maybe three if one counted Trihexa, and Joshua wasn't even sure about that last one. A power that was literally backing the greatest thorn in his side to boot.

'Fucking hell,' he thought, dropping on a couch nearby and finally having enough presence of mind to properly try to help Friday. Not only that, but he had to make sure Ophis hadn't accidentally decimated his defenses when she came in or when she got out. She could most definitely do that if she felt like it, and she could do it just as easily without even meaning to.

Fortunately, everything seemed to go back to normal the moment the dragon went away. The same couldn't be said for Friday, Joshua or the rest of his familiars. 'Fuck me,' he thought, flooding any amount of calm and comfort that he could to his living spell. At the same time, he felt his heart beat like it was trying to make up for how it'd been all but frozen in Ophis' presence. His mind felt frayed in a way that had nothing to do with his soul for once. He even felt tired, just because of how tense he'd been for the whole minute that the conversation had taken, if that. Or had it been longer?

Joshua didn't honestly know, but he also didn't care.

The fact of the matter was that the entire ordeal had wrecked Friday and had left him not in a much better state. 'And I have to do something in a month so that Ophis won't come and erase us all,' he thought, panic clawing at him once more as he considered that.

'It's going to be a long month,' he thought, sighing and deflating where he sat. 'Fuck me.'

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

She wasn't worried, not really, but she was a little confused and intrigued.

… And a little worried, maybe, probably.

Absorbed as Joshua could get with his work, after all, he never disappeared for long. He might be absentminded, but he was always present even if his brain was miles away. That was why she felt so confused when she woke up alone when he should have joined her at some point through the night.

And a corner of her mind admitted a scar, a worry.

Set aside, but never forgotten.

Something could have happened though. Maybe Joshua had made a particularly important breakthrough that had made him completely break his sleep schedule. That had never happened before, but Yasaka wouldn't be precisely surprised about that. He'd also had his class with Göndul, so that'd kind of track. Maybe he'd figured out something really good he could do with runes and maybe-

-maybe he had decided to leave too, just like-

Yasaka's next step down the stairs had the slightest bit more force behind it than the others, as if she were trying to squash that thought, that voice. 'Am I ever going to not think about him?' she wondered, taking a deep breath in. She didn't care for him. Had even stopped thinking about him. Yet, sometimes, the pain came back, like a wound that had never closed but she'd learned to forget about until Joshua had come along.

And she felt like she did the man a disservice by comparing him to… There was no comparison, at all. Joshua was already doing leagues better and he hadn't even been with them for nearly as long, hadn't been with her nearly as long. Maybe she'd lucked out finding him, or she'd been particularly unlucky before. Maybe it was both.

All the same, she couldn't quite silence that little voice at the back of her mind and Yasaka hated that.

'Nothing to worry about, see?' she told the voice when she walked into the kitchen and saw Joshua there. There was no cup of tea by his side though. Instead, there was coffee, and maybe that should have been her first clue, but she smiled an exasperated smile that Joshua was particularly good at getting out of her.

And at the same time, she let out a relieved sigh, barely a breath that he'd never be able to interpret correctly, even if he weren't apparently completely out of it.

"Got inspired?" she asked with a raised eyebrow. However, the second clue was enough to make her smile vanish. Because her first response to that was a weary sigh. Then Joshua's shoulders seemed to hunch over for a moment and he looked up towards her.

And he looked awful.

Not only did he look predictably tired, with bags under his eyes that showed he was always running on barely enough sleep. He looked paler than usual too and his expression. That wasn't the expression of someone that had pulled an all nighter because he couldn't contain himself out of inspiration or excitement. No…

That was the look of someone that was worried, desperate.

"More like… motivated," he replied and he sounded so small to her ears. 'What did I miss?' Yasaka wondered, worry of a different kind from before finding its way to her chest. "We got a… visitor last night."

And now that was concerning.

'Someone other than Joshua came here and I didn't notice?' she wondered.

"I had a little talk with Ophis," he said and Yasaka felt her blood turn to ice. "Yeah, pretty much," he added, grinning a bitter, helpless smile when her carefully kept composure was thoroughly destroyed. "Apparently, I've annoyed Khaos Brigade enough that she came for me."

Yasaka moved to sit down, else she might just drop on the floor. Then she just stared at Joshua, because if he thought he could just leave it at that, then he had another thing coming. Evidently, even he could understand that much, because he started explaining immediately afterwards, and what he said was only marginally reassuring. She had a lot of faith in Joshua, for sure, but they could only guess at what Ophis meant by "Silence". Not only that, but even if Joshua's initial assumption was right, there was no way to tell if he could do what he was setting out to.

The Dimensional Gap was… it was a whole different thing from anything that could be found anywhere in their world, be it Mortal Earth, Heaven, the Underworld or any other realm. It was like an entirely different place, with its own twisted existence and rules. There was a reason only Ophis and Great Red could so much as survive in there for any extended amount of time. Not even gods took the Dimensional Gap lightly and for good reason.

"Joshua…" Yasaka started, but even she knew not what to say.

A part of her almost wished she'd been awake when all of that went down, but she knew… No matter how well-versed she was in politics and dealing with people, nothing could ever prepare someone for dealing with a Dragon God. She couldn't honestly tell if she could have helped Joshua any when it came to talking with the Ouroborous Dragon, but she'd have liked to.

"Do you need anything?" she said, instead of saying any of the other things in her mind. All the same, Joshua seemed to pick up on something, even with as out of it as he was after not sleeping and having worries such as the ones he was dealing with at that moment. For as much as he said he was useless when it came to social situations, he could be remarkably sharp when he cared about someone, especially those that were very close to his heart.

And by the gods, Yasaka loved that about him.

"... I'm waiting until it's a reasonable enough hour to call Ravel," he answered eventually, but he was still staring at her. If she had to guess, he was wondering if he should press for whatever was troubling her or not. Ultimately, he let it go, but Yasaka was sure he'd ask if she continued displaying whatever it was that he'd seen. She didn't even know what it could have been. "I kind of need her to help me make a new schedule. I'll have to cut down on a lot of things I was doing. I won't teach anymore, might need to treat less devils and ascend less angels. I'll… I'll…"

"Joshua," she interrupted as he seemed to stumble over his own words and train of thought. Reaching across the table, she took his hand in hers. "We'll help you. We can see if your guess is correct and how we can help you work out a… Dimensional Gap array, I'm guessing is your go to solution?" Because that was his solution to everything: make an array that does what he needs.

Certainly sounded more doable than fighting the Apocalypse Dragon to empty the Dimensional Gap for Ophis. With as much faith as Yasaka had on Joshua, she did believe it was more doable for him to reproduce the Dimensional Gap in an array than it was to fight the Dragon of Dragons. And that was already saying a lot, because… she had no idea where he could even begin working on that.

"I should have known," Joshua commented, a bone-tired smile on his face as he looked down at whatever he'd been working on. "Things were going too well," he mumbled, his expression falling. Yasaka stared at him for a long moment then, watching him go back to working like he didn't have the appearance of death warmed over.

Glancing to the side, she saw Cheshire staring at her and she felt the silent request coming from the feline. Yasaka nodded, taking a deep breath in. Then she moved silently, making a cup of tea and replacing the coffee Joshua had by his side with it. After that, she kissed his cheek, watching fondly as the man smiled, and pulled back.

"Kind of early for a call, isn't it, Ya-tan?"

"I do agree with that sentiment, even if I believe you must have a reason for-"

"Ophis came here for Joshua last night," she said, deciding that the best course of action was to just say it. The communications spell remained silent after that. "Everyone's alive, but they… talked."

"Fuck," she hear Serafall curse on one side. On the other, Yasaka was pretty sure all the noise was Gabriel scrambling to do… something. "Fuck, ok, give us a summary."

"She came to ask Joshua to stop inconveniencing the Brigade-"

"Fucking-"

"-and Joshua convinced her to give him a month to give her Silence, whatever that is. That's what she wants," Yasaka finished and there was yet another pause in the conversation as the three of them processed that. Even Yasaka herself still had trouble wrapping her head around that.

"I'll be there in a minute."

"Same."

"Please do," she replied and the spell was ended just like that.

Having to share Joshua had never looked like such a good thing as it did at that moment.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou]

"Dad! I had a dream that-" she exclaimed as she ran down the stairs. Mom would probably scold her about that, but there was a chance she'd let it slide too. She'd do that sometimes when Kunou was excited and-

"Kunou."

It wasn't one of those days, evidently. So, she didn't tempt her luck further, slowing down, but feeling no less excited. It had been a very good dream, after all. Maybe her dad and her would be able to make a nice illusion to make it play out in real life too! She knew that he would-

Except Kunou froze on the doorway to the kitchen, watching her parents sitting side by side. On one side, her mother didn't look particularly happy. She almost looked like some time before, when she'd been too busy to show many emotions. That was worrying enough, but then there was Joshua, who was sitting there and looking like a corpse.

All the same, he looked up with red-eyes and smiled at her.

"Hey, come here," he greeted, patting the seat on his other side. Kunou moved slowly as she tried to make sense of the sight. "I don't look too good, I imagine," her dad said to answer the unasked question, running his fingers through the mess that was his hair at that moment. "I couldn't sleep last night."

"Was there an attack?" she asked, because Joshua only looked that out of it when there was a hard battle.

"No… Not really," he said, but there was some uncertainty there. Before Kunou could worry properly though, he continued talking. "I just… I have a new project, and it'll take priority over a lot of things. I'll be very busy," he explained and Kunou paused, feeling all the enthusiasm she had when she woke up vanish into thin air. "What's the matter?" her dad asked, blinking at her while trying to understand why she'd stopped or likely why her expression had fallen. She hadn't quite managed to keep that from happening.

"It's nothing," she mumbled, shuffling her way to the seat Joshua had gestured towards. She glanced at her mother for a moment, but she didn't actually look at her. Kunou was suddenly being reminded of other times, when her mother had been very busy too. 'I had it too easy for a while. It actually lasted a very long time.'

"It's not nothing," her dad said, still staring at her. He waved his hand then, making a cup of tea float towards her. Maybe Friday was busy? She was usually the one to hand over stuff like that those days. "Come on, spill."

"It's nothing," Kunou insisted with a pout. She knew it made her look childish, but she couldn't help it. "You'll be busy. It's fine," she mumbled, taking her cup of tea and letting its warmth flow to her hands. "I'll just see what I can do, might call Koneko and Ravel to play."

"I knew you liked playing with them," her dad said, leaning towards her to push her with his body. "Maybe Millicas too?" he asked, but he was very obviously trying to piece together what was going on with her. And she hated that at that very moment, because she was trying not to be a bother or make things difficult for her dad. She'd played that game enough in the past. She was good at- "Is this one of those things I'm too parent to join?" he asked with a chuckle and she froze.

Then Kunou turned to look at him, confused.

"I thought you said you'd be busy," she mumbled and Joshua turned to blink at her.

"Yes?" he replied, only making her confusion worse. "I'm not going to be working all day every day, right? And besides, you know I work from here most of the time. I can take a few minutes to play around. Besides, might get an idea or two from you guys. Wouldn't be the first time," Joshua explained, as if it were obvious and Kunou blinked at him a few times before nodding slowly.

A part of her felt incredibly silly and stupid, especially with how much that had affected her. Also because she knew it wasn't fair to want his attention on her as much as she did. Joshua always had important things to do, much more important than playing cards or watching shows or setting up illusion stories. He was trying to fight bad guys and save people and make sure they were all safe and…

And Kunou was just so incredibly happy that he'd still make time for her, even with all that. Was it selfish? Because if it was, then she was selfish. She wouldn't even argue against that. If she could have her dad and her mom spend time with her every day, then it was all fine.

"That expression's much better," Joshua commented, poking her cheek and making her playfully go to bite his finger. She was too slow to succeed anyway, even with as tired as her dad looked. "Dangerous," he said with a weary chuckle. "Don't do that. I get enough bites from-"

"Joshua," her mom said in that tone that warned one to be very careful.

"-Cheshire. I was going to say Cheshire," Joshua finished in that tone that said that was definitely not what he was going to say. Who else would bite him though? Morag? That sounded dangerous, nevermind Nagini. Maybe Koneko bit? She was kind of a cat at times, more than Kunou herself acted like a fox.

"What's up, Davis family?!" Serafall called then, walking in. "I'm done with the emergency business and I'm back for some cuddles!" the devil exclaimed, skipping all the way up to Joshua, turning his stool at the kitchen table around and sitting on his lap. "Ha! I was faster than Gabriel. That's one win for me, what's the-"

"5-7, still two behind, Sera," Kunou finished, smiling innocently at the pout on the devil's face. That made her feel better about her own pouts, she'd admit. "Also, dad's extra tired today."

"Yeah, I know, kiddo. We're trying to help him with that," Serafall reassured and she nodded while the devil patted her head.

Kunou guessed everything was fine and she'd worried for nothing.

She'd take that any day over her worries coming true anyway.

All was fine.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm sure there'll be people that won't be happy with the way I handled Ophis. The Muse and I did consider the path that most people likely imagined, which was Joshua friending the all powerful dragon with some cookies or something along those lines. However, I kept putting myself in Joshua's place, with all the inconsistencies of his canon knowledge and faced with a being that's literally infinitely powerful which he's been working against so far and…

… And yeah, this is what I saw, so it's what I wrote.

I hope you guys aren't too bothered by this and that you enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: How good are you at socializing? I suck. Like, meeting new people is pain, because I never know what to say or do. Hell, I'm especially bad at that because for some reason I have a hard time remembering names and dates, and that makes things awkward when I can't remember the name someone told me a minute ago. The whole thing is also exhausting even if it involves people I know well.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 173 others
Adrian King
Aug 19, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 200 - A Single Touch of the Divine New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 26, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,119
A Single Touch of the Divine

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"So, you're saying that you can't teach any of the classes outside the Valkyries?" she asked, narrowing her eyes at the man across her desk. It wasn't like she could stop him, but she was far from pleased by this sudden development and expressing otherwise would be a blatant lie. "Can I ask why?" she tried, but she had a feeling that it wouldn't be that easy.

Joshua looked concerningly out of it. Similarly to how he looked after big fights he was in and that almost made Agnes think that she didn't want to know. She had to ask though, because anything related to Joshua was a big deal for her association. She couldn't afford not to know something about him if he would deign to tell her. Alas…

"You can," he said, a weary half-smile on his face. "But I won't answer," he added, predictably. Then the man took a deep breath in and leaned back on his seat. "I'm not leaving you or House of Water out to dry though," he reassured after that pause, and damn was that effective all by itself. "Ravel…" he encouraged then, gesturing to his pet devil, who straightened in her seat and glanced at the notepad in her hands before staring straight at Agnes.

A lot could be said about the Phenex, but the fact that she basically managed all of Joshua's business made her powerful. Calling her Joshua's pet devil might seem like an insult, but it wasn't really one. That little girl could ruin the organization that Agnes and her family had created through generations. It made her nervous and it also annoyed her to no end. So, she contented herself calling the girl names in her head, because she'd basically lucked out with her position, the little shit.

Not that she had a lot of ground to stand on, considering it was fortune alone that had seen Joshua in her association and not in one of her competitors'.

"Right," the devil started, clearing her through and then locking eyes with Agnes. "We believe that Eliphas Levi is capable of teaching Mr. Davis' classes on his own to an adequate degree. If there are any issues, Mr. Davis is more than willing to help Mr. Levi with any problems. However, he won't take kindly to fabricated issues, which some of his students are more than capable of."

'I will work, but if you bother me for nothing, we'll have a problem,' was the clear message Agnes got after that, and she nodded her agreement. What else could she do? Besides, Joshua had already talked to her about setting Levi as his replacement for his classes some time ago. Evidently, whatever had come up had sped up those plans. Still, her associates and her would have to keep a close eye on that class, just to make sure any concerns were valid and that no one caused too much trouble for Levi.

"As he said, he'll keep working on the classes with the Valkyries, but he won't be able to make the schedule as fluid as he has so far. He'll stick to the timetable that's stated in the agreement that was made," Phenex continued and that was hardly a problem for Agnes. Sure, the possibility of longer class hours was something that was considered once they realized how Joshua taught, but it was hardly a problem if he decided not to teach like that anyway, so long as the quality of his classes didn't go down with the time. "I don't foresee that will be a problem."

'That better not be a problem,' was what Agnes heard, and she nodded. It wouldn't be. The Norse might take issue with that a little bit, since they likely had heard about how Joshua taught and could have different expectations. However, the fact of the matter was that Joshua was pulling away from classes altogether other than theirs, so that was bound to help ease things plenty.

"The last point is addressed to both Ms. Waterhouse and Ms. Báthory," the Phenex child continued and Agnes straightened, sharing a look with her associate. She had an idea of where the conversation was going. If he wanted something from both her and Báthory, then it was likely- "Mr. Davis requires information." Exactly that. "More specifically information on the Dimensional Gap," Phenex added and this time it gave Agnes pause. What could Joshua possibly want with that particular hellspace? "This also takes priority over the efforts to procure rune magic knowledge."

Ok… Something big was going on, much bigger than Agnes had initially guessed. She didn't know what Joshua had gotten into, but she knew that he wouldn't give up runes that easily, not after what she'd seen since the topic came up. No, something huge was happening and she was really doubting if she wanted to know about it or not.

"That's all for now," the Phenex child finished with, nodding as if pleased with herself. The expression became ten times more obvious when Joshua reached out to pet her head, even if the devil tried really hard not to act that way. Was it any wonder that Agnes called her Joshua's pet devil in her head?

"I'm sorry if this is inconvenient, I really am, but I can do nothing about this," Joshua told them before locking eyes rather intently with Agnes. "If anyone gives you trouble over this, feel free to tell them that once I'm done with what I have to do, I'll make sure they know how displeased I'll be," he added and Agnes felt a shiver run down her spine. She expected that threat would be plenty effective, considering it scared her when she had no intentions of causing any issues herself. "Also, whatever it is that you think the information is worth for me? Double it, maybe triple it. That's how much you can take off your debts with me if you can find me plenty of info. Maybe more, if I find any of it particularly useful."

Oh, was she going to find information for him. If there was a piece of paper anywhere in the world with the words Dimensional Gap in them, then Agnes would turn the world over to find it. And she'd get plenty of people to do just that for her too.

"I'm also raising the value of runes knowledge, but not as much," he added and Agnes nodded firmly.

She'd have a lot of work to do.

[}-o-{]​

[Ravel Phenex]

It had been a hectic morning, but at least there wasn't that much to deal with that very day other than House of Water.

Most of Joshua's other appointments could be found on other days and he could more or less schedule his own spellcrafting time on his own, really. That and other things were dealt with in a matter of minutes. More complicated things like his services for Heaven, Grigori and Hell were a tad trickier, but the fact that he was on such good terms – if it could even be called that – with Heaven and Hell helped plenty. As far as any of them were concerned, Grigori's opinion on the matter was irrelevant, but it was nice that Joshua had built some rapport with Penemue.

It'd make things a little simpler.

Azazel could throw a tantrum, but he didn't have a leg to stand on, not unless he wanted to cause issues between his faction and everyone else. Ravel might even be able to drag the Norse into the fold if she really needed to, but she doubted it'd come to that. Grigori was unlikely to decide to burn bridges with all the factions that were connected to Joshua. Not unless they were tired of living.

"You're thinking too deeply," she heard, a sudden poke to her cheek making her frown as she turned towards Joshua. "And that's coming from me," the man said. At least he was aware of the irony there, but Ravel wasn't sure if she liked the implication. "I called you in earlier than usual and with more work than usual. Take a break, alright? I'll feel bad if I make you work too much," he told her and she pouted. She wasn't dumb. She could tell what he wasn't saying.

"I'm not a child," she mumbled, pouting and turning stubbornly to the schedule she was still working on. She'd have to check with Serafall about the show shootings. Those would likely cause some trouble, but the entire ordeal they were dealing with was more important than the air tight continuity of Levia-tan's episodes.

Just a little bit.

"I know," Joshua commented, planting a hand on top of her head and Ravel knew it didn't help her case to just let him. Just like Kunou's giggles didn't help her mood. However, would it be any better to huff and puff about it?... Besides, she kind of liked it. "But you're entirely too young to be dealing with what you do. So, take it easy, alright? I can make that an order, if it'll help."

He was such a silly man.

And yet…

"Fine," she mumbled, finishing off the notes she was making and then pushing her notepad away. "I still don't like being treated like a child though," she added. Although, she wondered if she was fooling literally anyone.

"Of course." He could at least act like he believed her. Was that too much to ask? She huffed, and her annoyance turned a little more real when a new person walked into the room. "Hey, Koneko," Joshua greeted and Ravel just turned a glare towards the nekoshou, who stared rather intently back at her. "I'm sorry, but I won't be very fun today. Stuff happened and I'm kinda busy and out of sorts."

"Again?" was the flat response from the girl. No tact at all.

"Sort of," Joshua answered with a shrug. "I didn't get into a fight, not really. I just… something very urgent and worrying came up and now I'll have to be working a whole lot. Won't be fun to hang around for around a month, I'm afraid. Kunou, Ravel and you can play in another room though, so I won't ruin the mood," the man rambled and this time Ravel shared a long-suffering look with Koneko. They knew there was no point in arguing though, so, instead, they just decided to let their actions speak louder.

Ravel didn't see the way the nekoshou walked around the table and then draped herself over Joshua's back coming though. She narrowed her eyes at the girl. A moment later though, she blinked as she saw the man's body relax as if a weight had been taken off his back instead of added. Was she doing something?

"You don't have to do that," Joshua said, unknowingly answering Ravel's unasked question.

"I want to," Koneko replied, voice just as flat as usual, but Ravel thought she heard a hint of stubbornness. "You're tired, and tense, and off," she added, hugging the man closer.

"I don't know how to do that yet," Ravel heard Kunou grumble from the side.

"And you don't need to, not really. I'd rather you focus on how to defend yourself," Joshua said. Apparently, there was some kind of senjutsu shenanigans going on. It made Ravel wish she knew anything about the art. Or, at least, that she could tell something of the sort was going on without being told. It wasn't even the first time something like that happened without her having a clue. "Same for you, Koneko."

"Kuroka insisted," was all the nekoshou said and Joshua just shook his head.

"I guess I can't complain too much," Joshua mumbled then, cracking his neck and then focusing back on whatever he was doing. "I gotta send that one to Raynare some more, evidently. Maybe for Incinerate Anthem train-" he grumbled under his breath, probably not meaning a single word. However, he seemed to cut himself off at the end there, blinking and straightening where he sat a little, making Koneko almost jump.

Ravel almost wanted to ask what was the matter, but she knew one of Joshua's inspiration moments when she saw one.

Then he leaned down, writing at twice the normal speed on his notebook. Ravel was fairly sure she caught mutterings under his breath too, with how close she was. Whispers such as "gotta ask Yasaka" and "might be a bit risky, but it could-" reached her ears and some of those were very concerning.

She could only hope that Yasaka and the others would be able to talk him out of anything too dangerous though.

As it was, she didn't want to ruin the moment for the man.

It could be important.

[}-o-{]​

[Kuroka]

She had to make a conscious effort not to laugh at the sight before her.

Although, to be fair, it wasn't that hard, considering there was a very big mood dampener in the shape of Joshua's worries. If a man that could defeat Longinus and cause miracles on a whim was worried, the Kuroka knew she had good reason to be terrified. She was actually kind of glad that she didn't know what was going on so far.

She also knew that it was a matter of time until she was told, but she was enjoying the blissful ignorance while it lasted.

Back to her amusement though – much more preferable topic, if anyone asked her –, Kuroka felt her lips twitch at the sight of her little sister draped over Joshua's back and using her senjutsu freely and eagerly. On each side of the man were Kunou and Ravel, adorable little things that she was very grateful for. They gave Shirone – she didn't think she'd ever be able to call her sister Koneko, not in her mind – much needed support that the Gremory peerage had evidently struggled to.

At that moment though, they had formed a team to support Joshua though. The adorable part came from the fact that they clearly couldn't do much to help, but they still tried. The Phenex child was doing her best to do her job, more diligent than ever, while Shirone was using what little mastery of senjutsu she had to try and soothe the man's body and mind. She wasn't that practiced in the branch, but she was giving it her all anyway.

Then there was poor little Kunou, probably the one that wanted to do the most and just… didn't have anything to do. Ironically though-

"I want to do something too," the little fox whined, apparently unable to take it anymore. She turned away from the homework she wasn't doing anyway and widened her eyes pleadingly at her father. "Dad, can I do anything?" she asked, which would have been hilariously counterproductive if the situation were any other… or if Joshua wasn't so completely wrapped around her little finger.

"You're doing plenty, Kunou," the man replied, kindly, softly, warmly, but also wearily. Then again, ever since that fateful morning, Joshua had never not looked tired. "I know you want to help, but it helps to just have you here," the man said, reaching over and patting the girl's head. She didn't seem very reassured, but she did settle some. "I know it doesn't feel like it, but I like having you here. It helps."

"Koneko and Ravel have things to do though," the little girl mumbled and Kuroka wondered if she – or any of the other three, for that matter – noticed how she seemed to put the other two on the same level as she was. Did any of them realize the implications of that kind of behavior? Kuroka doubted it, considering how often they all said stuff like that without ever actually addressing the matter. "I want to do something too," the girl whispered, looking down and fidgeting with her clothes on her lap.

Kuroka could almost see Joshua going for the same kind of reassurance he'd used before and then reconsidering. Maybe he wasn't as socially inept as he liked to think. Then again, he had his moments, both the good and the bad.

"How about this?" he asked then, making the little fox perk up. "Friday is still a little shaken and could use some help herself, you know? Someone to play with and comfort her," Joshua explained and Kunou perked up even more. "You can go with the others and help her. I'll get your mother to forgive the undone homework," the man said, smiling a little when his daughter beamed at him. Not even a minute later, the homework had been thoroughly pushed aside and Kunou had rushed off.

Kuroka wished she had popcorn sometimes while she spent time in that house.

"Thanks for the help," Joshua commented, giving her an annoyed look.

"You had that under control~" she replied with a wide smile that the man didn't seem to appreciate. "Your other children will get jealous though, you know~?" she added, glancing meaningfully at Ravel and Shirone, who both did their best not to look at her or at Joshua. She didn't miss the tinge of pink in their cheeks though.

Honestly, Kuroka wondered if she should be surprised anymore. Joshua had a way of getting himself in that kind of situation and just never addressing it until it hit him in the face. The social awkwardness, she supposed. However, the way he seemed to rub that trait off on other people was kind of impressive and hilarious.

"I'll make it up to them," Joshua replied with that indulgent smile and tone that he used when he couldn't be bothered to deal with her personality. Kuroka almost burst into laughter at that response. He really was an oblivious bastard at times, but she rather liked that about him.

Not enough to face down three faction leaders though, not at all.

It was still very fun to witness.

Kuroka felt like taking as much of that good mood as she could. She was fairly certain that things wouldn't be nice and cheerful for much longer, considering Joshua's state after that one night. Something big was happening, and the chances of it being bad were… not small. So, she'd just have to make the most of it while she could still enjoy it, just in case.

Then she saw the man tilt his head, in a way that told her he'd picked up something from a spell somewhere.

"Raynare needs a spar partner, Kuroka."

"Do I have to~?"

"Yes."

"You suck."

"Thanks."

Joshua could be a real buzzkill at times.

She was also sure that was just bullshit too.

She had no proof, but neither did she have any doubt.

[}-o-{]​

[Kokabiel]

"You do look so good, oh illustrious torturer," he greeted.

Was he being flippant, definitely.

However, there was only so much fear he could feel, no matter how great the pain Davis could unleash on them was. Pain was, if Kokabiel could be excused from the cliche, an old friend of his. He'd lived through wars that he had no business surviving. He'd been a soldier more, really. He wasn't the strongest of his siblings, nor was he the smartest, nor the fastest, or the most skilled. However, he had just the right skillset to survive the Great War and that had counted for a lot, when those greater than him kept dying and he kept fighting.

All the same, the experience had been far from pleasant, and he'd gotten plenty out of that. One such thing was the capability to just… shrug off things that would have made others go crazy. Sure, Davis' spells were bad, probably the worst thing he'd ever felt. Even for someone as old as him, he didn't think he'd ever had his soul poked and prodded quite like Davis did. However, in the face of all the pain and suffering that he'd experienced through the Great War? He fell a little short.

There was also the fact that as Davis' collection of text subjects grew, he had less time to divide between them all. That kind of helped Kokabiel, giving him time to recover and calm down. Didn't really help him be any closer to get out, but oh well. If he lived, he lived; if he died, he died. 'Just like the old days,' he thought, reminiscing bitterly.

Back to the present though, Davis looked like an exhausted mess. He looked paler than usual and there were bags under his eyes. His steps looked ever so slightly slower than usual and there was an invisible weight that hung over him. He reminded Kokabiel of some of his more expressive siblings when there was a battle that they knew they'd die in right around the corner.

"You can say that again," was the response he got, a dejected smile on the man's expression. "Fortunately for most of you, I won't be coming around for a bit, since I'll be busy," the man added then, stretching his back a little as if trying to shake off whatever he was carrying on his shoulders. It didn't help any, predictably.

"Most?" Beelzebub asked, cowardly little shit that he was. His ancestor was probably rolling in his non-existent grave, Kokabiel would bet. "What do you mean most?"

"Don't shit yourself, Shalba. You're safe," Davis answered, rolling his eyes in a very similar way to how Kokabiel did, which made the fallen smile. For a human and an enemy, he was remarkably alright. Shame that they were on opposite sides of things… and that he liked angels and devils so much. "I'm here for two of you," the human continued, cracking his neck and looking off to the side. "Georg," Davis called, the man in question stiffened. "You're coming with me," he said and with a wave of his hand, the door of the man that had been there the longest opened. "Don't try anything, because I'm really not in a mood that you want to test," he added, as if there was any question.

If there was anyone that'd be too scared of him to do anything, that was Georg.

"Cao Cao," Davis continued as if nothing had happened, while the magician wielder of Dimension Lost stumbled out of the cell, looking like he could hardly believe what was happening. Kokabiel didn't blame him. The human magician wasn't done, however, eyes locked on the ex-leader of the Hero Faction. "How've you been?" he asked, almost casually.

"Imagining sticking my spear right through you," the hero answered boldly… or foolishly, in Kokabiel's opinion. However, he noticed that Davis smiled at that, as if he was pleased with that answer. He'd have understood amusement, or annoyance, or some other reaction, but that one struck him as odd.

"Wanna give that a try?" Davis asked and Kokabiel could feel how everyone froze at those words, turning to look at the man. The human in question however, simply stepped closer to Cao Cao's cell and now everyone in those dungeons rushed forward to watch. "Go for it, hero," the man said mockingly, waving his hand and Kokabiel felt some of the spells around the place pull back. If he had to guess, those were the ones preventing Cao Cao from using his Sacred Gear, but why-?

Before he could even wonder, the hero had already summoned True Longinus and lunged forward.

"Slow," Davis said, dodging to the side. "And sloppy," he added for good measure, taking a hold of the spear's shaft. "Thanks for being so eager though," the man commented.

"What are you-?" Cao Cao asked before letting out a sound that was somewhere between a whimper and an exclamation as the spear was torn from his hands. However, that was nothing compared to the sound that followed after that, when they all watched the spear remain in Davis' hand, without disappearing or in any way answering to Cao Cao's likely orders.

The sound the Hero Faction's ex-leader made a moment later was definitely a whimper and it was then Kokabiel realized that True Longinus wasn't coming back to the hero. Instead, it was staying with Davis. That was something that only Incinerate Anthem was supposed to do, but that was far from the part that shocked Kokabiel the most.

No, that part was the knowledge of what True Longinus contained, what it represented.

'The Dying Will of our Father,' his mind told him, reminding him of Azazel's words from a lifetime ago and Kokabiel stared at the spear and the man now holding it. 'The Will of God chose Joshua Davis.'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Things seem to be escalating really quickly as of late and I don't know how to feel about that. Something like this True Longinus idea has been in my mind for way too long, probably even since before Cao Cao appeared in this fic. Yet, I always thought it was one of those ideas that wouldn't get anywhere and that'd be that. Somehow though, the idea pulled a Kokabiel and not only did it survive, but it also managed to come out on top.

Continuing on that topic though, I feel like the scene is a little… underwhelming, but it's how it came out for me. Maybe it's because it's from an outsider PoV? I feel like Joshua's would have been even worse and Cao Cao… the same, really, if for different reasons.

Oh well, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you guys participate in lotteries and such? I usually don't, never won anything, really, so I'm not that tempted. Still, my brothers and I have been getting the same numbers for regular lottery together for a while. I also got convinced to buy numbers for a lottery organized in favor of a children's hospital a few hours ago (hence the question). Guy was really good at selling it to me, I guess.

… And it's a children's hospital, come on.

My fics should give away that I have a soft spot for children.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 188 others
Adrian King
Aug 26, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 201 - Far from the Sun New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 2, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,130
Far from the Sun

"Should I bring the holder of the Shroud of Turin so that you can have the whole collection?" Gabriel asked him with a raised eyebrow.

In response, Joshua could only shrug, still unable to believe that he'd actually gotten True Longinus from Cao Cao.

Joshua wouldn't be so bold as to say that he expected the spear to stick with him, but he'd certainly hoped for it when he went to challenge Cao Cao. He remembered that the spear had, in canon, chosen to forsake its wielder to spare Issei. Which, no offense to the guy – he was a lot better than he remembered him being in canon, those days –, but told him that the supposed Will of God, wasn't that picky.

Granted, there had been a chance of failure, which was why he hadn't gone for that from the beginning. He didn't fancy having the strongest spear in the world through his guts in case his assumption was wrong. He didn't particularly want to find out what'd happen in that situation.

Alas, the situation had become plenty desperate and so had his measures.

Back on topic though, maybe it was the fact that they were fighting – unknowingly in Issei's case, but still – against the freeing of Trihexa? It could also be any number of things that caused that, but the fact of the matter was that there was a chance that something would happen if he interacted with the spear. Sure enough, something had, indeed, happened.

[Quest Complete: Become the Wielder of the Spear of Destiny

Reward:

+ New Perk: True Longinus

+ Skill Updated: ###te# o# #e##en

+ 10 levels to Light Resistance

+ 10 levels to Light Magic]

Joshua wasn't complaining, not really, but at the same time, it'd be very tempting to use Light Magic if the need arose. Especially if it kept getting leveled up, which he didn't think was too likely. The skill only went up through Quests, but he already had the thing at level 40 even with that limitation.

'Back on topic though…'

[True Longinus

The true Holy Spear which pierces through God.]

He didn't know why he'd expected Sacred Gears to be skills, but they were not. Apparently, they were Perks. On a different note, he didn't know why he'd expected the screen to not show him something vague, cryptic and ultimately useless. He already knew the spear was Holy and he also already knew the thing could pierce gods. It was the Sacred Gear that gave name to the Longinus tier in its entirety, the tier specifically supposed to be able to take down gods.

"Is that a problem?" Joshua asked out loud after a moment, focusing his attention back on Gabriel. The angel had sounded weird before, or so he thought. He could be wrong, of course, or maybe just projecting what he thought. Because he could easily see Gabriel – or anyone from the Church or Heaven – taking issue to the fact that he'd somehow gotten his hands on most of the important Holy Sacred Gears. Incinerate Anthem was in Raynare's hands, who was his subordinate. Alphecca Tyrant was in the hands of Meredith, his "main" apprentice. He'd recently rescued Sephiroth Graal. And not only did he have the holder of True Longinus prisoner, but now he had taken the Sacred Gear. So…

"... No," Gabriel answered, but the hesitation and slowness of her response was a different answer of its own. Evidently, she realized that, because she continued speaking almost right after. "It's odd, I'll admit, to see them being gathered like this, especially by a third party. The Church has always put emphasis on them, after all, so it hasn't been odd for them to end up on our side. However… you've got most of them almost by accident and very quickly."

Half of the credit was to be given to his canon knowledge, which had led him to Walburga and Valerie, but he couldn't really explain that to her, could he? At least not yet. It did make him wonder when he'd feel confident enough to reveal his most important secrets to his partners though. Maybe when everything was over and he could finally relax?

He'd have felt worse about that if it weren't for the fact that he knew they had their own secrets too.

"If I or any of us had a real problem with this though, I wouldn't have gotten this for you though," she continued, making him blink as she pulled out a piece of… something made of what looked like gold. He was pretty sure she'd taken that out of a pocket space, but he hadn't actually seen it happen. She was weirdly good at being discreet with her magic usage. "In light of recent… events, I sped up some things," she added, placing the object in his hand. It looked like some kind of object made of gold had been broken into pieces and that was one of them. "This is a piece of the original Grail."

Joshua's eyes widened dramatically at that, because he hadn't even known there were originals of the Sacred Gears. He'd thought the artifacts had been turned into Gears, actually. It seemed his assumption was wrong though, and that prompted him to take a more thorough look at the piece of gold. Interestingly though, he felt nothing coming from it, not Holy energy nor anything else.

Far as his senses and spells could tell, the thing was a normal piece of gold.

Yet, holding it in his hand and actually paying attention, he knew it was most definitely not. He couldn't quite place why, but it felt special, even if he couldn't point at anything as a reason to think so. 'Might need to come up with more sensing spells,' Joshua thought, even though it was a shame that he didn't have the time for that at the moment.

"We were hoping that it might help Valerie," Gabriel explained then, making him look up, back at her. "At least, if our guess is correct and she's like she is because Khaos did something to her Sacred Gear," she added and he nodded slowly. That made sense, at least a bit. And they lost nothing trying too, so there was no real reason to say no.

"Here's hoping it'll work, I guess," Joshua replied softly, considering that.

He really hoped it'd work.

"You want to try now?" Gabriel asked and he looked up with wide eyes. "We can continue this conversation later. Although I think we've said all that needed to be said. I'll just have to make peace with the fact that you're not normal and you might never be," she added, and he thought he caught a hint of dryness there at the end.

"Once everything's said and done, I can try to give you True Longinus, but I kind of-"

"You can keep it, if you think you'll need it, or for as long as you want," Gabriel interrupted and she sounded strangely firm. "It chose you and I will not get in the way of that. Nor will my siblings. And if the Church knows what's good for them, they won't make an issue of it either."

"... Thank you," he said, trying to put as much weight as he could behind those two simple words. Because he knew the Sacred Gears were a big deal, and yet they were just letting him keep them around. He was actually rather surprised nobody had tried to talk about Alphecca Tyrant or Incinerate Anthem with him before.

"Don't mention it," she told him, leaning forward and giving him a peck on the lips. "Now, Valerie?"

So, in a few minutes, both of them were sitting with Valerie. He'd offered to give Gabriel back the piece of the Grail so that she could give the dhampir the thing herself. Alas, she'd insisted that he do so, since he'd been the one mostly caring for the girl and also the one she'd interacted with the most. So…

"Warm!" the dhampir called when he approached her, beaming like a child on Christmas. A second later though, she seemed to be a little confused by his actions when he walked right up to her, took her hand and placed the piece of the Grail in it. After that, Valerie looked like she wanted to say something else, but her eyes fixed on the golden object and she remained silent afterwards for a long moment, maybe even a few minutes. Until, eventually, she spoke again. "This is nice."

That was two more words than she'd ever managed to string together by herself, Joshua noted immediately. Not only that, but he could see a change in her expression, in her eyes. No longer were they misty and unfocused. No longer was her expression half-vacant and half-delirious. There was a newfound sharpness to it, even if it was very subtle.

"Thank you," she said, turning towards him and giving him a smile she'd given him a lot before. This time it was more soft, less toddler-like and more… meaningful. "Thank you," she repeated, her voice almost raw and her eyes a little watery.

"You're welcome, Valerie," he replied, smiling and giving her hand – still wrapped around the Grail piece – a light squeeze. "I'm happy you're feeling better."

"I'm Valerie Tepes," she said, sounding happy to be able to do that much.

"I'm Joshua Davis," he replied and her even wider grin made him return the gesture himself.

"Thank you, Joshua Davis," she said and he chuckled. He had a feeling that she'd be saying that a lot. However, looking at her and checking her soul, he realized that her situation had changed, almost like there was a shadow of something in the spaces where her soul had been torn apart. Not quite replacements, but certainly better than the gaping holes they had been before.

And that was incredibly reassuring, in a time where the world seemed to hang by a thread that he had to hold.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua stabbed forward and he felt how good the spear was.

It was similar to the feeling of casting a new spell that worked exactly as intended, but with every single motion. Slashes, thrusts and even strikes with the shaft of it gave the same feeling, every single time. It also reminded him of Carnwennan, not only in general feeling of the weapon, but also filling him with that confidence the dagger did when going for a sneak attack at the target's weakness.

Using True Longinus was proving to be an experience, that was for sure.

[Spear Mastery has gone up a level.]

He paused his motions as the screen popped up and took a deep breath in.

'Using a spear is a lot different than using daggers or swords though,' he mused, pointing the weapon down and taking a moment to recover his breath. He'd just gotten the spear, but he already was adding it to his schedule, because he couldn't not to. Besides, he'd gotten the thing for a reason.

With a deep breath in, Joshua glanced to the side at another screen, the one he'd actually been working on.

[Spear Mastery – Lvl 15/100

Determines the user's ability to fight with a spear.

Increases damage output when fighting with a spear by 15%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting with a spear by 7.5%.]

Nothing too impressive, but Joshua was actually rather interested in how the skill could possibly increase the damage of something which's damage was already absolute. Maybe it'd just boost the Holy damage? All the same, the skill also doubled as a way to, potentially, help him achieve the primary goal he had when he tried to get his hands on the weapon.

Well, that and having a surefire way to kill the people that had made his life become as complicated as it had. He'd actually be kind of pissed if he couldn't manage to get True Longinus through at least one top member of Khaos Brigade. The ones that were still around, that is.

Speaking of goals and Khaos members though.

'Time to address the elephant in the room and stop being a coward,' he thought to himself, getting some agreements and encouragement from the Egyptians. 'You better not be lying to me, by the way,' he projected, getting plenty of reassurances. Even more of the gods and goddesses seemed to take offence to his doubts though, but he thought he could be excused.

Ignoring the now kind of angry deities, Joshua turned to the side, where a very scared Georg was currently being basically surrounded by people. Raynare stood to his side, while Kuroka sat on the bench next to his, looking as comfortable as could be. His familiars had spread themselves around and Nagini in particular seemed to make the Dimension Lost holder tense.

"Georg," he called, making the magician stiffen. "You said you can do it, go ahead," he ordered and the man gulped and nodded. Off to the side, Joshua saw Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel appear almost immediately after he sent a quick message. They had all wanted to be there for his next "bout of madness", as they called it.

Not that he blamed them.

Regardless, he turned to Georg, who had made his way to where he was, and gripped True Longinus a little more tightly as he prepared himself. As he did, he was more reassured by the fact that the Egyptians seemed to strengthen the connection they shared with him even more, at the same time that several of them coursed through it towards him. It wasn't quite the same as channeling them, but they were no longer communicating through the hook they'd placed on him.

No, instead, they had moved their presences to where he was, almost like guardian angels peeking over his shoulder.

"Go for it," he told Georg and the man nodded, extending his hand and producing the purple mist of Dimension Lost. The thing covered both of them in no time at all…

And in the blink of an eye, he was in a place that he could not comprehend. Like being dropped in space, with nothing around at all. Except, instead of the blackness of the void, the whole place was of a color that he couldn't name, a color he was seeing for the first time and could not describe. Unnerving as that was, however, it was nothing when compared to the hostility that permeated that space, eating away at his magic, reinforced by the gods and goddesses with him, like he was surrounded by energy consuming fire that he couldn't see.

'So… this is the Dimensional Gap,' Joshua thought, gulping.

Still, pushing aside his unease, he closed his eyes and pushed out with his other senses, especially Magic and Life Sense. What he got was… confusing, to a horrifying degree. He understood absolutely nothing from what he was picking up in either sense. Furthermore, when the gods and goddesses that had hitched a ride on him decided to help him a little more than just protecting him from the Dimensional Gap, he got a whole lot more… that told him absolutely nothing.

It was like trying to read Chinese when all you knew was English, except that instead of only being confusing, it was also unnerving, frightening and aggressive. All the same, Joshua persisted as much as he could, bashing his head against that wall while trying to understand something. Any progress would be better than no progress.

Seconds passed and then minutes, and with the passage of time, his reserves of magic kept depleting. There was no escaping that, unfortunately. The Dimensional Gap was not only strange and disturbing, but also hostile. The place seemed to actively be dangerous and very much damaging, eating away at his presence there like a body fighting off a disease.

"... Mr. Davis," he heard and he turned to see Georg sweating bullets, floating by his side. He'd almost forgotten the guy was there, if he was entirely honest. Almost, but definitely not. The man was his passage into the Dimensional Gap and out of it. So, he couldn't afford to let him do anything other than staying by his side while he tried to gather data.

"Let's go back," he replied, acknowledging the unspoken plea. Credit were credit was due, even while running out of magic and likely risking plenty, Georg hadn't demanded to go back, nor had he been obnoxious about it. Maybe all those research sessions had been worth something other than the information Joshua gathered.

Who'd have thought?

A moment later, and after being covered in purple mist again, they appeared almost in the same spot where they'd disappeared. There, Joshua took a deep breath in, savoring the down right cozy nature of his world. It was like coming inside the warm house after walking through the streets in winter, but a thousand times better.

"That was unpleasant," he said, steading his breath as best he could. It wasn't saying much though, considering how shaken he'd been left. Georg didn't look any better than Joshua felt either, so he imagined it was normal. "And this is going to be difficult," he added, lips pursed.

The Dimensional Gap was a lot of things, but silent wasn't one of them.

Joshua had a feeling that, first, he'd have to figure out what the hell Ophis even meant by Silence. Easier said than done, but he had to do it anyway. There were no ifs or buts when it came to that matter. He had a feeling that Ophis wouldn't care for excuses. That meant that he had to succeed, no matter what.

"Did you expect something different?" Yasaka asked him, somewhat dry and somewhat sad.

"No," he answered wryly. "But I hoped so."

"No such luck~" Serafall chimed in, skipping around him and then draping herself on his back and peeking over his shoulder. He was pretty sure she just wanted to touch him though. Looking at all three of them, they looked like they'd been uneasy, which he knew was reasonable. He'd have felt the same if they were the ones going to the Dimensional Gap, especially after being there himself.

The place felt like a death trap, even with all the precautions he had in place.

"Now what?" the Satan asked him and he took another deep breath in and then let it out in a long sigh. That was the question, wasn't it? He didn't even know where to begin, if he was honest. Alas, nobody was going to wait for him to figure things out…

"Now I need to think," he mumbled, running his fingers through his hair and trying to order his thoughts. "Anyone wants to join me for some tea?" he asked and he received three raised eyebrows and intent stares. "Well, let's go then. Raynare, Kuroka, keep an eye on him, will you?!"

"Of course!"

"Sure thing~"

For good measure, apparently Nagini had found it amusing to torture Georg and she wanted to continue to do so. That's what Joshua gathered through her hiss and what she sent through their bond. He almost felt bad for the poor bastard.

Almost, but not really.

[}-o-{]​

'First order of business is to make a void,' he noted to himself, already starting to write down ideas in his notebook for that. It wouldn't even be difficult, to make a perfectly silent space. Blocking out any other sense would be similarly simple, really, if a little tricky in regards to those that he didn't often make illusions for.

Although, maybe he wouldn't have to use illusions.

It might actually be better not to.

'Gotta block energies too, magic, life and anything else,' he added afterwards, and that would be a little more difficult, especially all together and with plenty of more magic that'd be necessary later. By itself, none of that was complicated or hard, but all at the same time? That's when things got problematic. He'd deal with that though.

'Third step… profit?' Joshua thought, somewhat frustrated. He still had no ideas about how to start replicating the Dimensional Gap. It was so unnatural that he couldn't even comprehend it, nevermind emulate it. 'How am I supposed to do that?' he wondered, picking up his cup of tea and taking a sip.

When that didn't help him at all, he leaned back, huffed and looked up at the ceiling as if it'd give him answers.

It didn't, but it brought attention to him though.

"Having trouble?" Gabriel asked.

"Yes," he admitted freely with a helpless chuckle. "I think the fact that I have to be quick about this isn't helping," he added, and that was nothing but the truth. It'd have been difficult enough without a deadline. Nevermind the fact that the destiny of his family hanged on him succeeding, at least partially, before that deadline. "Barely can get my thoughts going, honestly."

"I haven't been to the Dimensional Gap a lot, believe it or not," Serafall commented, joining the conversation, leaning to one side and then the other on her chair like an upside down pendulum. He didn't have a hard time believing that though, despite her words. He had a very easy time believing that everyone stayed the fuck away from that place, actually. "But I do get the issue. Like, how do you even begin to mimic one of the things there? Even the color of the place is… one would think it'd be black, right? But nope."

"Yeah, I mean, I thought it'd be a void worse than space, so it'd be some flavor of black. You know, absence of light, but it's…" Joshua said, struggling to explain. That was the crux of the matter, right? He couldn't understand, let alone explain. "It's like there is something there, the place is filled with something, just not anything we have over here, so…" he continued, before pausing.

What if the Gap was filled with something? He'd just assumed it was empty, like a void, because he imagined it like it was space. Just like there was void in space between planets, the Gap was a void between dimensions. But what if that wasn't it? What if there was something there, filling up the space, like… like insulation, sort of? What if there was something there, aggressively corrosive – for lack of a better term – to everything that was not itself?

What then?

'What if that's the Silence Ophis wants?' Joshua thought, blinking and considering that for a long moment. He didn't feel like he was closer to a solution or anything, but he had something which was more than he had before.

'So, I have to find a way to replicate an element that doesn't exist anywhere but in the Gap, as far as I know,' he wrote down, eyes narrowed and lips pursed. 'Or I need to create more void than the absence of everything, somehow.'

Neither option sounded possible, not even remotely. They sounded like nonsense, plain and simple. Yet, they were all that Joshua had to work with, at that very moment, so… So they'd have to do.

"Well… now I have something, at least," he mused out loud, looking at his ideas and considering them. On the one hand, he'd need to investigate for any clues of the "mystery element" that filled the Gap. On the other, he'd need to see how to deprive something of everything and then push it past that. "How do I do this though?" he mumbled to himself, leaning down once more and starting to note down things, random ideas that hopefully would develop into something usable at some point.

Then, at some point, Joshua paused and looked up.

"Uh… sorry," he whispered, looking at the three pairs of very amused eyes. Serafall burst into giggles and Gabriel's smile widened. Yasaka, for her part, just raised an eyebrow at him from where she sat across from him. "I got… a little carried away."

"Business as usual then," the youkai replied, her lips twitching up. "Don't worry about it, Joshua. We get it."

"It's kind of endearing, actually," the angel commented, running her fingers through his hair over his ear as if tucking back non-existent strands of hair.

"The focused look is hot," Serafall said bluntly, catching him off guard. But then Yasaka nodded and Gabriel remained suspiciously silent, which was all he needed to know their opinions on the matter. "Feel free to get back to it," the Satan added with a wide grin. "We'll be here when your magnificent brain gets tired, yeah?"

"Don't you have work?" he asked with a half-smile.

"One of us will stay," Gabriel answered firmly.

"We have to make sure you don't fry that, as Serafall put it, magnificent brain," Yasaka added. "We kind of need you capable of thinking after all is said and done."

"I'll do my best," he replied with an amused snort.

"You do that, magic man~" Serafall told him, twisting where she sat beside him and then dropping her head on his lap. "Don't mind me. Go on."

With a chuckle and a shake of his head, Joshua turned back to his notebook.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

The Dimensional Gap will, understandably, be a struggle for Joshua. This is something that kind of bothers me in other series when it comes to Ophis. The way they take the Silence thing literally. If it were just about making a place not have any sound, she'd make that happen herself, or just go out to space, where there's literally no sound.

So, Joshua will have to struggle with that for a bit.

Then again, I've thought similarly before and then have him put everything together in way too short a time.

Stupid magic genius.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Have you ever gone to watch any kind of sports event in person? Personally, I have not, nor do I care for it. I feel like doing that would be worse than watching it on TV. On TV you have a lot more information about what's happening.

See you.
Last edited: Sep 3, 2025
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Coleray and 174 others
Adrian King
Sep 2, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 202 - All We Need Is a Spark New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,144
All We Need Is a Spark

[Eliphas Levi]

"You ready?" George asked and he just looked at him helplessly. In turn, that earned him a somewhat exasperated, somewhat amused expression right back. "You'll be fine."

"You don't know-"

"Professor Davis wouldn't leave his classes to you if he didn't feel you were ready," Dion interrupted mercilessly, speaking with steel in her voice the same way she did whenever she had to order around people lower in the ladder than her for her spells. "You've been helping him plan classes for a while. Wasn't this the end goal of it all? For you to take over his classes so his work load would be reduced?"

"It was, but-"

"Levi," Karin said, apparently deciding it was her turn. Or deciding that she could help the most, with her kind and soft demeanor. She reached for his arm and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "We're here if you need help and so is Ravel," she told him, glancing to the side, where the aforementioned devil was going over something on her notepad. "Professor Davis believed in you, so believe in him."

It didn't feel that simple though.

This was an opportunity that had been way beyond his wildest dreams. Once, he'd thought the highest he could reach with no magical talent whatsoever would be as an assistant of some other magician, probably a mediocre one. After all, why would someone with actual talent give him the time of the day?

So, when the magician turned his attention on him and gave him not only a chance, but opportunities, resources, support? Levi didn't want to fail, he didn't want to prove all those people that had looked down on him right, he didn't want to have wasted all that Professor Davis had given him. More than anything though, Levi wanted to prove that he deserved what he'd gotten.

Because if he couldn't… then what had been the point? Why had he tried so hard and worked so much, if all he amounted to was failure? Why had he persevered and dreamed, only to fall short in the end?

He couldn't bear to go through that.

He just couldn't.

"You are a Star, Levi," Meredith told him, stepping up and proving why she was the first. She almost reminded him of Professor Davis then and there, with that casual confidence, like it was all normal, inconsequential. "You'll do well," she told him, patting him on the shoulder before simply walking past him and into the classroom. The rest of the Stars did much the same, giving him passing glances and supportive whispers.

A moment later, he was left outside the classroom with only Ravel, who waited patiently behind him. The students had long since arrived and were now waiting, as always. He'd have normally been one of the first, together with the other Stars. Now, they were the last, because it was his turn to teach instead of Professor Davis.

"They will poke at you," he remembered his teacher telling him, one of the pieces of advice he got when it was official that he'd take over, even if only momentarily. "They will send glances, make faces, hiss comments. They might even speak out. You've seen them do that to me, so they will do that to you. You can leave it to Ravel if they do, she knows what to do. Or you can do as I did. You can even do your own thing… but never let them get away with insulting you."

How long had he done exactly that?

That was the question in Levi's mind when he turned the door knob and walked in. He took a deep breath in and glanced to the side, Ravel walking in after him and making way to her little desk while he… He walked to the front. Making his way to the teacher's desk felt like too much, something he wasn't worthy of.

"You are smart, Levi," Professor Davis had told him. "Don't do something as stupid as letting others look down on you. And if you don't feel like you can manage, remember that I'm the one putting you there," was what he'd been told, as if his teacher knew exactly what had been going on through his mind. "If they look down on you, they look down on me. Are you going to let them call me an idiot by calling you an idiot?"

"What are you doing, Levi?" someone asked, unimpressed. Levi could see it, the way he smelled blood. It was the same as when he was found alone in the library or in other classes, when he didn't have any of the other Stars to back him up, or his teacher.

This time though-

"I'm going to be teaching this class in Professor Davis' stead for the foreseeable future," he started with, simply but as confidently as he could manage. "Professor Davis took this decision himself, so if you have any arguments, do bring it up with House of Water authorities or with Miss Phenex. I'm sure they'll either assuage your worries or bring the issue up with Professor Davis," he said, gesturing towards the devil behind him and squaring his shoulders. "I'm Eliphas Levi. You can call me Professor Levi, or just Levi."

He saw it, the doubt, the dismissal, but that was fine.

At least, he told himself that it was fine.

"Last bit, Levi, and then you can go and plan your class," Professor Davis had told him, even though Levi had no desire to just leave. He felt like he needed a thousand more sessions like that just to get through the first class. "Your mind is a magic of its own, so use it and be proud of it," his teacher had told him. "Because none of my Stars are bad at magic."

He had doubts of his own, but Levi would try anyway.

"Professor Davis believed in you, so believe in him."

Karin had been right about that.

He'd believe in Professor Davis.

As always.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou Davis]

"You can talk to him, you know?" her mother asked, a little amused, but her voice was mostly just soft. Not only that, but Kunou could feel the reassuring life energy that her mother was weaving around her, like a warm cover. "You know sometimes he gets a little absorbed, but he'll be all smiles once you approach him."

Kunou knew her mother was right, she really did.

Her classes had ended a while before already and her father had already welcomed her with open arms – sometimes literally – at other times like that, even though he was busy. Despite her initial reaction though, or maybe because of that first day, Kunou didn't want to interrupt his tinkering. He'd always made time for her, always reassured her and made her feel better when she was having a bad day. He'd talk to her mother and her teachers when she didn't feel good and gave her free days to cheer her up.

On top of everything, he was now the father Kunou had never had and he'd made sure to help her mother have some free time so that Kunou could have her more than she had in the past. He'd given her a father and a mother, really. So, she felt bad by taking more from him, even though that didn't stop her most of the time anyway. It was selfish, she knew, but if Joshua wanted to give all that to her…

Except this time, because she might be a child, but she wasn't stupid. She knew this was Important, with capital I. She'd never seen Joshua work that hard before. She'd never seen him cut off so much stuff from his life to work on something.

And yet, he was still making time for her despite everything else. It was kind of funny, in a weird way, that it only made Kunou want to let him have that time to work more. There were times when she'd wished she could make her mother give her more time. She'd cried for the chance to be with her mother even when she was busy.

Now there she was, thinking that she wanted her father to focus on what mattered, what was important, instead of indulging her selfishness.

"I know," she admitted, whispering, as if there weren't spells blocking out the sound anyway and Joshua could hear her. "But this is very important, right?" she asked, turning towards her mother. She hadn't been told much about what was going on, only that it was serious and that Joshua had to work on something, again.

"It is," her mother confirmed and Kunou nodded slowly.

"I don't want to take up his time," she mumbled, lips pursed and shoulders withdrawn.

"You don't want to or you feel guilty if you do?" her mother asked and she thought about it for a bit. She would feel guilty, yes, for being selfish and inconveniencing him. However…

"I don't want to," Kunou answered and she was witness to one of those rare moments when her mother was surprised. She'd only seen it happen a handful of times, most of them caused by Joshua. It was nice to know she could do it too. "This is important, so I want him to be able to focus on that," she explained simply.

That was the best explanation she could give, truthfully. Kunou herself couldn't really put together anything better, even in her own mind. Joshua was always there, helping her and supporting her, so… She guessed she wanted to do what she could, even if that was just stepping aside so that he could work in peace.

The part that surprised her though was…

"I don't feel bad about that," she commented then, turning to smile at her mother. "It's a little sad, that I can't spend time with him now, but it's not… It's not like before," she said, finishing with a mumble. She never felt good talking about back when it was just her mother and her, when she was too busy and Kunou was too lonely.

It always caused her mother's energy to spike, sad and hurt and guilty.

"Why is that?" was the question Kunou got in response to her words and she had an answer already, without having to think it over.

"Because we'll be back to spending time together soon," she answered, having come to that realization not too long before. It had been a huge relief at the same time that it had been just… wonderful. Almost as good as when Joshua agreed to be her dad or she was shown the papers that made that more official. "This will only take a bit and then I'll have my dad back."

"... The opposite of how it was with me, right?" her mother said and she flinched a little. She'd spoken too much. "Joshua will be busy for a bit and then be your father the rest of the time. I was your mother for a bit and then I was busy the rest of the time," her mother summarized and Kunou didn't know what to say to make the mess any better. However, before she could come up with anything, her mother placed a hand on her cheek and smiled at her softly. "It's the truth. You don't have to feel sorry for speaking your mind, or for how you felt or feel. I'm sorry, Kunou, for making you sad."

Her mother had apologized a lot, even back before things changed. Once, the apologies had felt hollow, empty, meaningless. Like an illusion, they were there, they might even be able to do things the real deal could, but they were, at the end of the day, not real. Nothing would change, even if her mother was sorry. After Joshua and everything else, however, she knew those apologies were real, because things changed.

And maybe that meant that Kunou could be less selfish.

[}-o-{]​

[Georg Foster]

With three demons around him, he was feeling rather scared, he'd admit.

On one side, there was the flame demon, with the purple fire dancing in her palm. She looked at Georg like she was asking him to do something so that she could torch him. She was intense, staring at him, resolute. She never looked away, barely moved, like a soldier standing at attention, almost.

On the other side was the mischievous demon, playing tricks and weaving illusions to get reactions out of him. She made Georg feel like a mouse with its tail trapped under a cat's paw. She'd poke at him, giggle and then poke some more, like he was a fascinating little thing and nothing else.

And then there was the last demon, the one that scared him the most.

The eye demon, with a gaze that froze him in a way that had nothing to do with its abilities. The gigantic serpent coiled and looked at him from time to time. It wasn't constant, but every single glance made his soul shiver. Those ominous, disturbing yellow eyes would haunt him forever. He'd never forgotten them since they trapped him in that house, back when he didn't know any better. They had only grown more nightmarish with time, evidently.

"Georg."

Ah, if those three were demons, then the one that had just spoken…

"You ready to go again?" the demon king asked and Georg could only nod.

"Of course," he replied, calm as he could be considering the circumstances.

Ironically, it had been better when he was trapped in that dungeon. At least then he knew what to expect. It was all darkness until Davis came in to torture them for research purposes. Nothing more, nothing less. It was a nightmare of its own kind, for sure, but it was a simple one.

This new terror Georg had been taken to was an entirely different beast. He didn't know what to expect. His guards didn't seem to decide on what they wanted him to do and Davis… Davis took him to the Dimensional Gap. Even Georg, with Dimension Lost and all, didn't like that accursed place.

It was unnatural and dangerous.

But there was no way around it. He could have tried to run away, escape Davis, maybe even leave Davis in the Gap and see if he died… The problem was, what if he didn't die? Even if he did die, Georg had no delusions on what'd happen to him. No, down that path there was only a painful fate.

So, he just did as he was told and took Davis to the Gap. Once there, Georg did his best to keep himself safe and not pay too much attention to the horrifying surroundings. 'When you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gazes into you,' Georg mused to himself, warily. Because he'd looked into the Gap once and he'd never been able to forget. The place left a mark on people that saw it.

'And this crazy bastard is researching the thing?' he thought incredulously, focusing his eyes on Davis. They'd gone to the Gap a number of times already, but he still couldn't wrap his mind around that. He wasn't there to try and understand Davis, of course, but he had to think about something to distract himself from the Gap.

That was why he tried, but it was a futile endeavor. He had no idea what had possessed Davis those days. There were no clues that he could see as to why he took out Georg so that he could examine the Gap nor why he'd gone to take True Longinus. Unless the guy wanted to try and kill Great Red – which was crazy – then he had no idea what was going on in Davis' mind.

In a way, he wondered if he really wanted to know.

"Let's go back," Davis said and he nodded, immediately surrounding them with Dimension Lost's mist and getting them back to where they'd come from. This time though, the man didn't move away to continue whatever he was working on. Instead, he turned his steely blue eyes onto Georg, making him stiffen. "... You haven't tried anything since I got you out," he pointed out and he felt a chill run down his spine. Had that somehow earned him suspicion? "Not even a word out of place," Davis continued, stepping closer to Georg and looking at him as if he were trying to decipher some kind of code. "Why?"

"... Because I'm not suicidal," he answered, almost definitely failing to keep the fear out of his voice. "I know what'll happen as soon as I do anything, so I won't," he explained simply, and it really was that simple. What corner of the world could he hide in that would protect him from this man? Even if there was such a place, somewhere that the Youkai, the Egyptians, the devils, Heaven and Grigori wouldn't be able to find?

There was no way he could run forever.

And he knew that, very well.

"You've gotten smarter," Davis pointed out and Georg grimaced. He'd underestimated the man once; he would never make that mistake again. 'What kind of fool makes the same mistake twice?' he asked himself.

"Thank you," was all he said in response, earning a raised eyebrow from his fellow magician. What did he expect? Annoyance? Fear? Anger? Georg had learned his lesson. Now he just had to deal with the consequences that said lesson carried. Maybe he'd never escape Davis' clutches, but he had a better chance trying while listening to the man than he had by rebelling.

The man had defeated Cao Cao, Kokabiel, the Satan descendants and many more. Probably some of which Georg didn't even know about. As far as he was concerned, he stood no chase trying to actively work against Davis.

Now, on the other hand, he knew that the Cat and the Fallen had once been enemies with the man.

That gave Georg ideas.

He needed to prepare.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

He found himself immensely grateful for Margalo.

The bird's singing was a boon that he'd never take for granted, but especially so after those days. With his whole body feeling tense and heavy, the songs she sang might as well have been lifesavers, really. He had no doubt that he wouldn't have been able to think half as clearly as he did when she was there to calm his mind, to fill him with confidence he didn't have and to generally make all the bad feelings he carried go away.

The soft, sometimes calm and sometimes cheerful tunes gave him peace of mind. They washed away worries and fears and let him focus on what he actually needed to do. Granted, it wasn't perfect, but it was good enough to let him get work done.

That was all Joshua needed.

It was also very much something that Friday needed too. The spell hadn't recovered from the encounter with Ophis yet, still kind of twitchy – emotionally, that is – and very sensitive. Which was saying something, considering the living spell was already kind of like that, considering how young she was.

Joshua and the rest of his familiars were managing to keep her calm and helping her recover, but it wasn't easy. It was certainly an inconvenient time for her to be like that, but he could hardly blame her. Joshua just wished he had the time to properly give her the attention and effort she needed and deserved.

As it was, he'd have to hope that the rest of his familiars – and occasionally Kunou – could make up for what he couldn't do.

Idly, as he pondered that, he felt Friday reach out through their bond, nudging him affectionately. She sent reassurance and other emotions that were supposed to make him stop worrying, he was sure. She kind of only achieved the opposite though, since Joshua could see right through her attempts.

'I worry, girl,' he told the living spell, who let out her version of a whine. He would have pressed, reassured and spent some time with her, he really would have. Unfortunately, he didn't have infinite time in his hands. 'What do you say we spend some time with your sisters later when Kunou's done with her classes?' was the best that he could offer at the time.

He felt bad, he really did, but he had to manage his time well. Everyone depended on that, after all, Friday included. With a threat like that hanging over their heads, Joshua didn't have a lot of options. It was already kind of risky that he was giving any time to other things at all, but he didn't want to turn away from his family and friends entirely.

And besides, a break here and there could help. Hell, his biggest breakthrough had happened because he hadn't pushed everyone away while he worked. If not for some idle chatter, he might not have a single clue what to do…

Not that he was in a much better spot then, admittedly.

'This would be a lot easier if there were a single thing that made any sense in the Dimensional Gap,' he mused to himself with a sigh, reaching out and scratching Margalo's neck where she liked it. 'Still have no idea how to make whatever weird element fills that space, or how to achieve the level of Nothingness that causes it to be the way it is.' He didn't even know if any of those theories of his were any closer to being the reality of the Dimensional Gap.

He'd visited the place – It felt weird to describe the ordeal like that, admittedly – a few more times and each gave him as much info as the first time, which meant he got a whole lot of nothing. That made him worry, he'd admit. Because if he found very little, that'd have been something. Slow progress was better than no progress.

Alas, he was starting to think that he might need to go through some other kind of breakthrough in order to make more progress.

"Can help?" Friday whispered in his mind through the bond. He hadn't yet gotten used to her way of communicating, but he was getting there. Odd as that was though, it didn't make it any less adorable, especially when Friday was… Well, Friday.

'You're doing plenty, sweetie,' he replied, not even needing to lie about that. She was already helping him look into things and trying to come up with something. Alas, she was as stumped as he was, which he imagined was what prompted her to ask if there was anything else she could do. 'Thanks for offering though,' he added, absently mentally patting her presence through the bond.

"Love you, Daddy," the living spell replied, using her strange combination of thoughts, images and other things to emulate… what she wanted… to transmit…

'Friday,' he replied slowly, blinking as he processed that and then looked down at his notes. 'I love you too. You're great,' he said.

At the same time, he went to his list of ideas, where he'd already written "emulate or create Gap element", "emulate or create Gap void" and then noted down, right underneath, "emulate Gap feeling". That still sounded like a nightmare, admittedly, but any progress was something he welcomed. If he came up with enough ideas, maybe he'd stumble upon something that he could actually attempt.

He could only hope.

"Thanks!" Friday exclaimed, evidently very happy, even if she couldn't quite transmit that with her actual words. It was, regardless, easily gotten across by the emotions, traveling through the bond and to his… mind.

'Friday, you're the best,' he thought, grinning widely as he wrote down yet another idea. It was this last idea that gave him pause too, because that?

That sounded like something he could actually try to do.

'The best,' he repeated, absently sending plenty of good emotions to the living spell.

And Friday loved that, even if she didn't know why she was getting rewarded.

He had work to do though.

It wouldn't be easy to try and cut a chunk out of the Gap.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

That's a wide variety of PoVs, isn't it? I feel like it is, at least. Now, some people might not like it, maybe, but through my time writing I've seen people enjoy this kind of thing a lot. So, I don't think I'm crazy for thinking this is good.

Then again, I'm seemingly incapable of being confident in my writing so…

Anyway, what I'm trying to get at is that I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What's the last game you played? I got dragged into playing Dark and Darker by some friends last night.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 161 others
Adrian King
Sep 9, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 203 - A Handful of Moments New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,162
A Handful of Moments

[Raynare]

"Yeah, class went fine. There're idiots, but when aren't there?" one of Davis' apprentices commented. Raynare wasn't sure what her name was, but she was the Alpheca Tyrant holder. Miriam? Something with M, or so she thought. The point was that she'd taken some of Davis' precious little time with her report of how the classes at House of Water were going now that Davis wasn't there to teach them.

'Can you be done with it already?' Raynare wondered to herself.

Obviously, she didn't voice that thought, nor did she display it on her face. She was a soldier and nothing more. If Davis could make time for her, she'd be happy. If he couldn't, she'd wait. Nothing more, nothing less. What else could she do? Complain? That'd achieve nothing but annoy her chosen leader and she'd never risk that.

So, she stood there, occasionally glancing towards Georg, to make sure he didn't decide to do something stupid. The man struck her as smart though… and Nagini had her eyes almost glued to the guy too. Raynare wasn't sure what the story was there, but the snake familiar seemed to have it out for the Dimension Lost holder. The fallen didn't concern herself too much with that though. It just meant that she could let her guard down a little bit when it came to guarding him.

Besides, she'd admit that she was a lot less suited for dealing with him than Kuroka and Nagini were. She could make do, of course. Incinerate Anthem could even burn the dimensional mist Georg's Sacred Gear generated, but it wasn't easy nor near as effective as the snake's eyes or the nekoshou's illusions and life energy were.

"Levi did great, honestly. Everyone's still talking about you, but he's shutting mouths," the girl continued and Raynare idly wondered how long she'd be there. Just because she couldn't express her annoyance and frustration didn't mean she couldn't feel it, after all. "He'll be fine, so there's no need for you to worry, Professor Davis."

"It's Joshua," the man said, mostly out of habit, if the smile on his face was anything to go by. "And thanks for the report. You can go now, I'm sure you have more productive things to do," Davis added and Raynare wondered if that was a subtle way to say he had more productive things to do, like making her stronger… Or more likely working on the Gap project he seemed to have picked up.

"If you're sure, Professor Davis. You know to call us if you need us," the girl said, smiling widely at the man. It took a few more words being exchanged before she truly left, but Raynare wasn't too bothered. She knew it was unlikely that the man would work with her, considering how ridiculously focused he was in his latest work.

Which made sense, but still.

"Do pay a visit to Rias or Sona, yeah? Even if you guys are still thinking it over, can't hurt to know them better. Bring some of the others with you if they are free," Joshua told the girl – Meredith, as it turned out. Raynare would probably forget again. – as they moved towards the door. At least that was almost at the end of it before Davis was left alone, sighing.

"You could just tell them not to come," she pointed out, finding herself voicing an opinion without being asked, which was a rarity those days. There was no need to risk annoying the man that could give her wings, after all. "They would listen."

"They would," Davis agreed, but Raynare could almost hear the "but" before it came. "But I like them," he said. A statement that was somewhat at odds with the weary sigh that followed. "I need longer days in my life," he added, cracking his neck and then turning to look at her. His eyes barely seemed to register Raynare, however. That is, until she saw his eyes move to the side, towards her wings. "Remind me, in a month, to get back on track to give you another pair of those, yeah? I can't spare the time right now, but I think you've done well enough so far."

"I will remind you," she replied flatly, because she would and she felt like saying more than that would likely be asking for trouble. As it was, maybe it wasn't very smart to say it so bluntly, but she couldn't not do that. Raynare would be damned if she missed the chance just because she tried to play coy.

"Have I told you that I like how straightforward you are?" Davis asked and she nodded slowly.

"A few times."

"I should say it more," the man commented with a chuckle before sighing once more and running his fingers through his hair. "I know you don't like it, but could you train with Jeanne and Kunou later?" he asked, glancing her way.

He was right, she didn't like it. The man's adopted sister was… not as motivated as Davis himself, but she was alright, all things considered. The child though? That was the one that bothered her, because Raynare had to hold back a lot, she had to be patient and careful… And she really didn't want to bother doing any of that. Very little of it helped her get any stronger, but needs must.

Her main priority was keeping Davis happy with her, after all.

"I will," she replied, obviously and the man nodded.

"Thank you," the man told her before dragging his feet back to work.

For all that Raynare envied the man his strength, she didn't envy how busy he always seemed to be. At least her only concern was training and doing as she was told, usually simple or slightly annoying tasks. So, yeah, Raynare was pretty sure she was the one that had it best between the two, ironically.

[}-o-{]​

[Ravel Phenex]

"I hope things weren't too complicated on your end?" was the question that greeted her when she teleported. Joshua looked more like a mess than any other time she'd seen him before. Not only tired, but there were signs of frustration too. His hair was a mess, his posture was stiff and his voice clipped. 'Hope things went better than here,' she thought, translating his words in her mind.

"We've already got some things and we did some preparations to get more," she said, waving her hand and making books, scrolls and notebooks appear on the table. All of them had information on different planes and, most importantly, the Dimensional Gap.

She'd spend quite a few hours discussing and planning with Agnes Waterhouse and Elizabeth Báthory. Not everything could be found right away, after all, and there were negotiations to be had too. So, they'd gotten what they could and they'd get the rest over time. Hopefully at a quick enough pace, considering the very serious deadline they had.

"Thank you, Ravel," the man in question said, giving her a weak, but meaningful smile. "And sorry for giving you so much work."

"Think nothing of it, Mr. Davis," she said and when he shot her a look because of the formal speech, she grinned sheepishly at him. It'd been a bit of a joke, but she also slipped sometimes. She'd rather that than call him Joshua when they were in front of people who it was important to appear professional to though. He understood that, since he'd more or less stopped his demands to call him by his name, instead simply rolling his eyes at her.

"You can take a vacation after this is all done. You've been doing a lot of work lately," he said and Ravel wondered if he was aware of how hypocritical he was being. Then again, he couldn't take a break, since there was always something to be done. Although, admittedly, some of his issues were brought onto him by… Well, himself.

Beyond that though, Ravel couldn't help but feel the smallest knot forming in her throat.

"Are you trying to get rid of me, Joshua?" she asked, masking a serious question with a playful, shy smile. The same one she'd just used when calling his name formally. Because…

What would she even do with a vacation? Go back home? Go back to doing what she'd been doing before? Roaming around? Spending time with her family's peerages because nobody could really be bothered to spend time with her? Visiting other devils for gatherings that now seemed incredibly dull and fake?

She couldn't do that anymore, it'd drive her crazy.

Ravel couldn't go back to that. Not after having seen what it was like to move with purpose, with goals. Not when she'd spend time with people that enjoyed her company, that invited her to do things, that organized things for her. Not when she'd gone through meals in warm and honest company.

She didn't want to feel alone surrounded by people again.

She must not have been acting well enough, because Joshua – even with as out of it as he likely was and being Joshua – stared at her. She could see him trying to piece together the puzzle she'd presented to him. The same way she'd seen him do so with other things a number of times already. In the spirit of not seeming as desperate and foolish as she was, Ravel tried to play things off, tilting her head, raising her eyebrows questioningly, as if confused by his silence.

Joshua wasn't fooled though, not at all.

"Of course I'm not," he said with utmost seriousness and Ravel wondered if he'd actually read her or if he'd just decided to play things seriously just in case. She wasn't sure which one would have moved her more, but it didn't really matter, ultimately, because it still meant a lot to her. "I just thought you'd want some more time to do things… not work related. I know Kunou would like to play more than she already does."

"Kunou always wants to play more, Joshua," she said, but instead of the exasperated tone she'd been going for, all Ravel managed was fondness and a smile.

"True, but that doesn't change the fact that you should have more free time. You're a kid," the man told her and she had to bite the inside of her cheek to stop herself from arguing. Not only would that just prove his point, but it would also be useless. She knew how that song and dance went. "I know you don't like being called that, but you are," Joshua told her, apparently guessing or reading her again. Sometimes Ravel hoped he'd be as socially inept as he thought he was. "Let me spoil you once in a while, will you?" he asked.

"You do that plenty, Joshua," she mumbled, fidgeting with the notepad in her hands as she shifted in place. She wasn't even lying or exaggerating. He made sure to do things for her every so often and he was the reason she'd been able to meet the stars of Levia-tan's show, nevermind actually being part of it. And those were just some examples.

Admittedly, much of that spoiling happened everyday, in much smaller but no less meaningful ways.

"I think I could do better," Joshua said with a grin. "Now do you mind keeping Margalo and Friday company for a bit? I want to check this stuff," he asked her and she rolled her eyes. He was basically telling her to take a break in an elaborate way, but she nodded all the same. "Thanks," the man told her and it was a good thing she'd already turned away. That way he couldn't see her smile.

He'd be insufferable if he did, after all.

[}-o-{]​

[Valerie Tepes]

"Thank you," she repeated.

She must have said that… a lot of times, probably. At least, she thought she might have. She'd said it more than once, for sure. Yet, despite that, it didn't feel like enough. Nowhere near enough, actually.

How do you thank someone from saving your mind? Your soul?

She didn't know, but maybe once she recovered more, she would. Valerie hoped she did, at least, because she could feel it. She didn't feel as smart as she'd been once. She didn't feel as… whole. But she did feel a lot better than before she was given the gold piece that felt a lot like her cups, but not really.

"Don't mention it, Valerie," the man told her softly, kindly. He was nice like that. She liked the man. He'd let her out and made the bad people go away. He'd given her warmth, and safety and… and niceness that she didn't remember getting in… She didn't know how long.

Valerie felt like she didn't remember a lot of things. Just like she didn't know a lot of things. Just like sometimes it was difficult to speak, or understand, or think.

She was getting better though!

And it was all thanks to the man.

"Thank you, Joshua."

Joshua! That was his name!

Valerie was doing her best to remember it, she really was, but sometimes it was difficult. At least she could remember that she was Valerie. It hadn't been easy before, but she'd gotten the hang of it! Maybe she'd do the same in regards to… to the man? Josh?

Joshua! That was it!

"Illusion?" she asked when the man turned to look at her from the weird things he stared at all the time. She remembered staring at similar things before, but why? There was some kind of… meaning in them? Like she got thoughts from them? She didn't remember well.

Illusions were nice though!

And she was proven correct when Joshua made the shiny, colorful and pretty illusions appear. They were so beautiful and funny and nice. She really had the best ideas, honestly. She didn't know why Joshua didn't always cast spells. After all, what was better than that?

"Always illusions," she told Joshua and the man chuckled. She liked when he did, or when he laughed, or when he smiled. He was nice. He should do those things more often. He'd be twice as nice if he did.

"I can't be casting illusions all the time, Valerie," Joshua replied and she pouted at him. Why couldn't he? Illusions were the nicest, prettiest things! "I don't have infinite energy, you know? Besides, the real thing is… better," the man said, his voice changing oddly towards the end. His eyes drifted away and his expression fell flat… and Valerie didn't like that.

"Joshua?" she called and the man turned towards her again, but his expression still looked odd. "Joshua?"

"Sorry, you just made me think of something," he told her and she blinked at him. Sometimes it was still difficult to understand. That was annoying, but at least Joshua was there and there were pretty illusions to look at. "I'll have to make a mental note to give you a proper thanks once you feel better." She understood all that even less, but she did understand one thing there.

"Thank you, Joshua," Valerie replied, smiling widely. She'd almost forgotten to thank the man and that wouldn't do. How many times had she thanked him? A few, she'd bet. Nowhere near enough though, that was for sure. "Thank Joshua," she said then, tilting her head.

Was there some other way she could thank Joshua instead of just with words? She was pretty sure there was some way, but she couldn't remember at the time. Was it like… giving things? She didn't have anything to give him though, except maybe the clothes she was wearing? But Joshua already had clothes and he'd given her the clothes she had, right?

She thought he had.

She could be remembering that wrong…

Had it been one of the nice ladies? Both? All? None?

Well, there was another thing she had.

'Yes, great idea!' she celebrated to herself, bringing her hands up and making her pretty cup appear. The golden thing floated over her hands. It was small and a little cracked… and she remembered it being prettier, but it was still her cup and it was still pretty, so it'd do! She turned towards Joshua, who was now staring at her because her cup was pretty, and she pushed it closer to him.

"That's a very nice cup, Valerie," the man said, proving he had great taste and that her cup was pretty.

"Thank you, Joshua," she said, pushing it a little more.

"It's your cup, Valerie, but I appreciate it," he said with a nice smile as he pushed the cup back to her. That made her pout. Did he not like her cup? He'd said it was pretty- No, wait. He'd said it was nice. Why didn't he-? "It's your cup. I can't have it. But thank you anyway. I appreciate the sentiment."

Valerie was left confused, mostly because she didn't understand most of that. Still, Joshua had said thank you, so that meant he was happy, right? She thought that was what it meant. And he was smiling, so that meant he was happy, right?

"Thank you, Joshua."

"You're welcome."

[}-o-{]​

[Serafall Leviathan]

She should have been excited, really, but all she could feel was dread.

Because this was the first time Joshua met Ajuka for the purpose of working together. Great minds like theirs were bound to do so at some point, really. The most surprising thing was that it had taken them so long, but that probably had something to do with the fact that they mostly focused on their own projects and none of them overlapped enough for the two loners to really go out of their way to talk, let alone cooperate.

Now that they were about to finally gather properly, Serafall felt like she should be worried. Because Joshua didn't have great impulse control, not really, and Ajuka… Well, there was a reason why the man had limited himself to mostly harmless entertainment projects after the Evil Pieces. Most of his "research" would cause their people to rebel, nevermind the issues it'd have brought back from other factions.

The only reasons the man had gotten away with it was because of the Civil War and a lot of political maneuvering on Sirzechs' and her part.

Serafall wasn't looking forward to having to deal with such a situation again, but needs must. She could only hope that Joshua would be able to pull back on the crazier ideas… if they could manage without them. If not, then she'd just have to go without sleeping like she had back in the day. 'Then again, this is Joshua…' she thought, her hopes getting crushed before she could even fully appreciate them.

Joshua wasn't one for half-measures either, even if he'd mostly kept things under control. His research "experiments" were tame in comparison to Ajuka's, but that might be because he'd never really pushed things. And he was definitely in the right state of mind to push the limits of his morality.

"You're staring," the human in question commented, not looking up from his work, which he'd arranged on the table of the cafe they had gone to in the Underworld. There were plenty of spells arranged around them, as usual, and he'd gone the extra mile by not having anything too specific on him while they were in public.

"Can't I stare at the man I love?" Serafall asked playfully, but she knew she'd been had when all Joshua did was look up and raise an eyebrow. He was getting worryingly good at reading her. Although, that might also be just her letting her guard down more and more as time passed.

She could only hope it was the former though, because the latter could cause issues in public settings such as that one.

For a moment, Serafall lamented the fact that she couldn't, in fact, just be admiring the man she loved. Instead, she had to worry about the future, Ophis and Khaos Brigade. They couldn't be dealt with soon enough, truly. She'd waited too long to find someone like Joshua for it to be all ruined like that.

"I'm just thinking about how difficult this will be for you two," she said, keeping the important parts out of that, since those could be offensive. She wasn't lying and she wasn't getting in trouble. She was good at those, after so many years working in her trade… nevermind the political job.

Joshua didn't reply to that for a long moment, simply staring at her. It all but confirmed to Serafall that the man knew she was leaving stuff out. Yet, even with that, he didn't say anything. Instead, he nodded slowly and turned back to whatever it was that he was doing with all his notes.

"... Very, probably," he replied after another long moment. "It's kind of a long shot to come ask him for help, but I'm hoping that at least he'll give me a few extra thoughts to work with," Joshua said, reminding Serafall the other reason why she was worried.

Because her partner was a lot of things, but slow wasn't one of them

Serafall had seen him struggle and she'd seen him frustrated… but she'd never seen Joshua stumped. Not until the Dimensional Gap problem had been brought to the table. It wasn't that Joshua had problems cracking it, like he did the Phoenix Spell or the Angel Ascension or bringing Friday to life. No, he genuinely seemed to not even be able to find an approach, let alone progress in his pursuit of bringing Ophis' Silence to life.

If Serafall were honest, she, along with Yasaka and Gabriel, were kind of hoping his guess was wrong and that there was something simpler, easier for him to work out. Yet, the more they looked into things, the more Joshua's idea made sense… and that was worrying. Because if they couldn't solve this issue, then they were done.

Any other problem, they could have tried to circumvent or avoid, but how were any of them supposed to fight Ophis if she came for them? There was a reason she was out and about after she left the Dimensional Gap despite how much of a walking danger she was. There was no guarantee that even a pantheon alliance would do something to the dragon. No, they needed a solution… except of course it wasn't that simple. Not even Joshua, the miracle maker himself, seemed to have the slightest idea how to go about giving the Ouroboros Dragon what she wanted. So, they were kind of grasping at straws.

"Serafall, Joshua," Ajuka said, appearing at that very moment. Serafall didn't need to check the time to know it was exactly the time they'd given the man for the meeting. He was like that, after all. Never a minute too soon nor a minute too late. "I have to admit, your request was intriguing," her fellow Satan said and that by itself was very telling of Joshua's capabilities.

Ajuka was hardly ever interested in anything but his own projects.

"I think I know what you want to do," he added and Joshua's gaze focused even more than it already was. "I have a few ideas to share with you in regards to that on top of this," the devil commented, snapping his fingers and making a few books appear on the table. With a flick of Joshua's hand, his own notes disappeared immediately. "First of all though, just to confirm, are you trying to replicate the Gap in a smaller scale or are you trying to take a piece of the gap and put it in a pocket dimension?"

"The first is what I was considering, the latter is what prompted me to call you," Joshua replied, but it was obvious even to Ajuka that he wasn't done. "What I have in mind right now is a little different though. I'm thinking about isolating a spot in the Gap, disconnected from the rest of it."

Serafall leaned back then and there, taking her cup of coffee and sipping from it.

She knew very well what the glint in Ajuka's eyes meant, after all.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Guess I'm having a lot of fun with the alternative PoVs lately or something. Of this bunch, the Valerie one is the one that makes me nervous. Personally, I liked it plenty, but I'm not sure if it might be a little irritating for some.

Really hoping that's not the case though, that'd make me sad.

Really hoping you guys enjoyed the chapter too, of course.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: How's your day been? I did the editing of this chapter today and held a TTRPG session too. I'm feeling great. Here's hoping the good day continues and I get to write a full chapter before it's over. That'd make this a great Monday, ngl.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 172 others
Adrian King
Sep 16, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 204 - Who’s Gonna Stop Me? New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,171
Who's Gonna Stop Me?

[Joshua Davis]

He never wanted to talk to Ajuka Beelzebub again if he could get away with it.

The two of them stared at each other over the table, filled with notes and books, some opened and some not. Serafall sat to both their sides, sipping on a drink that probably would give him some kind of resistance skill if he drank it or maybe raise his Poison one, considering the amount of sugar it had. He wasn't too focused on that though. No, he was more concerned with the headache that he was dealing with at that moment, courtesy of the other Satan.

"I think I might hate you," Ajuka commented casually, leaning back and rubbing his forehead tiredly. Joshua could relate and also agree that the feeling was mutual. "I thought I'd throw some ideas at you and help you deal with these terrorists Serafall keeps complaining about so that I could focus back on my own projects. Not going back home with… I lost track of how many new projects I came up with," the man said, seemingly more mystified by that last notion than annoyed. Which might be a little surprising, considering his words.

"Tell me about it," he mumbled, deflating where he sat and looking down.

Granted, getting ideas was what he'd gone there to do, but it had kind of backfired in a gloriously infuriating way. Too much of a good thing, he supposed. After all, he'd gotten a ton of ideas, most of which having nothing to do with the Dimensional Gap and Ophis' Silence. He didn't even want to know how much work most of them would take…

But they were all so interesting.

"Thank you for your time," he said, wondering how much he really was thankful for it. He really didn't want to ever have so many thoughts in his head. It was exhausting, in a way that left social settings in the dust and it wasn't even funny. He didn't even think such a thing was possible. It made the times when his soul was recovering feel like after-workout weariness.

God, he needed to turn off his mind for like, a week.

Unfortunately, he didn't have the luxury to do that, but what he did have was ways to turn off his brain. First though, he needed to get rid of Ajuka, because goddamnit, he didn't want to stay with the guy for another minute, least of all talking magic. Fortunately, it seemed that the Satan shared his mind on the matter.

"Don't mention it," Beelzebub told him, waving him off. "Really, don't. I think I'll be going back home and working on some of these… Serafall-"

"I'll tell Sirzechs to make sure nobody bothers you, Ajuka," the woman replied with a slight grin, seemingly amused as she regarded the two of them. At least she didn't look like she was a kid trying to follow a university class. That had been a little adorable, but mostly it had made Joshua feel bad.

"Then we'll be seeing each other," Ajuka said with a nod as he stood up. "Hopefully not too soon," he added wryly towards Joshua and he returned much the same expression back at him. With that, the Satan teleported away and Joshua waved his hand, making the notes and books disappear into a Storage Spell. Friday had taken note of everything that he might forget too, he made sure.

Contrary to how he felt, the living spell seemed to be having the time of her life. In his mind's eye, she looked like a child in a sweet shop. She was bouncing between ideas like she couldn't decide which toy to play with first. Joshua didn't know how to feel about that.

What he did know is that it was a little reassuring to see her so animated and happy. She hadn't been the same since Ophis paid them a visit. She'd been rattled and he'd even say traumatized by the entire ordeal. He would definitely be sending her away when it came time for the Dragon to visit them again. Maybe he'd send her away days in advance, just in case.

He never wanted to put her through that again if he could help it, and he could, in this case.

'Have fun, girl,' he thought idly, and the spell replied enthusiastically as she picked one project and ran with it. It wasn't one related to Ophis, but he'd let her do that. He was the one that needed to work on that, really, and he would. Besides, he'd feel bad if he forced her to work on what he wanted when he wasn't going to be doing so at the moment.

No, he needed a break and to let his brain recover a little.

So, he turned towards Serafall, who seemed to have decided to give him a moment to gather his thoughts. He appreciated that, a lot more than the woman probably realized. He needed that respite so much.

"Do you want to go somewhere?" Joshua asked and the Satan gave him one look before smiling softly. Sometimes it was nice that his partners could read him like a book. Sometimes not so much though, admittedly.

"I promised Millicas that I'd spend time with him soon," she answered with and that was all that he needed to know. "I don't mind at all, but do you think there're any kids available for a playdate? Millicas is lovely, but he really needs others his age too."

"I might know one or two," Joshua replied with a chuckle. "Let me call Ravel and Koneko," he added, smiling and leaning back. "Before that though, I feel like doing absolutely nothing for a bit. Do you mind-?"

"Not at all," she answered before he could even get through the whole question, beaming at him. "I know this wonderful park nearby where we can go lie down. I think you'll like it, Underworld plants aren't too shabby, if I do say so myself."

Turns out she was right, but Joshua didn't really spend as much time looking at them as he otherwise would have. Instead, he just lied down and rested his head on Serafall's lap for most of the hour they spent there. She didn't seem to mind too much, playing with his hair and talking about random things.

If anything, Joshua would almost say she preferred that, but then again, he was no people expert.

[}-o-{]​

[Koneko Toujou]

She looked at Kunou, Ravel and Millicas as they argued over the cards. Apparently, Millicas was having trouble deciding between a fire spell or an illusion trap for his deck and the two had really been unable to help themselves. Expectedly, they didn't seem to be getting anywhere with the argument.

Personally, she'd have added a cat creature, but that was just her. The boy seemed to think he had enough creature cards, for some reason. Koneko had once thought he was smart, but it seemed he wasn't. How could he think that one could have enough creature cards?

Especially cat cards. He only had the one other than his catastrophe elementals.

Rookie numbers.

"They are still at it?" a voice asked and a moment later someone set up a bowl with popcorn next to her. On the other side, Serafall giggled, especially when Joshua leaned down and kissed the top of her head. Koneko wasn't jealous of that, not at all. "Did he manage a hard no for the cat creature?" he followed up with, turning towards Koneko with a slightly amused expression.

"Has enough creatures," she mumbled and she was most assuredly not sulking. She was just… focusing on other things because the three were annoying, yes. That was it. Just like Joshua was annoying, reaching to pat her head and ruffle her hair. He was annoying, nothing else.

She used to be better at pretending, but evidently she'd lost her touch, if Serafall's giggles and Joshua's chuckles were anything to go by.

"So, do you have any ideas for cat cards?" the man asked her and Koneko immediately focused on him. The smile he gave her then was annoying too, admittedly, but not enough to distract her from the chance. "I take it you do?"

"Yes," she answered, straightening and turning to face the man better. Idly, she reached to pick up some popcorn before eating them one by one. Joshua, who grabbed a handful and dropped most of them in his mouth, was a barbarian… but he was also a barbarian that made her cards, so she'd allow that. "I thought maybe there could be something strong, like Cheshire," she angled, thinking that maybe appealing to the man through his familiar would work.

Because she'd be damned if she lost one more time to the Fox Queen or the True Phoenix. Cats could have high level creatures too, she was sure. She just needed to find a way to convince Joshua.

"Cheshire is a tiger though," the man said and she narrowed her eyes at the man. When she turned to look at the feline, who had been napping to the side, she saw her in her Byakko form instead of her cat form like she almost always was. When she turned to look at Joshua with even more narrowed yes, the man had the gall to laugh. "What? It's true, isn't it?"

"Maybe a cat that transf-"

"Would that still count as a cat?"

No, it would not.

Still, rude.

"I'll see what I can do about stronger cats," Joshua told her then, reaching for more popcorn as he glanced towards the trio of still arguing children. "Anything else?" he added, focusing back on Koneko. She tried to pretend that she wasn't happy to have his attention when there was the daughter of a great Pillar family, the son of a Satan and his daughter right there.

"A few things," she mumbled, curling up a little and continuing to eat popcorn as she explained some of her ideas. She could tell that he was only half-listening, his expression grew vacant a little as she went on, for example, and he kept glancing to the side. But he was listening. Whenever it looked like she'd stop talking, he turned and asked questions or commented something.

His mind might not have been all there, but she didn't really blame him. He looked like a mess those days, for one. For another, she knew that he was working a lot more than before. Even Kunou had commented how he struggled to make time for her, which she was surprisingly patient about. It spoke volumes though, because Joshua adored Kunou like she was really his daughter.

Koneko wasn't jealous.

"Hm, Friday noted it all down," Joshua told her and she nodded. Maybe she'd get some of those cards. That'd show the others. It was better to use opportunities like those, since Joshua was a pushover and would really listen to requests like that. "So, everything alright on your end? You never talk much about things back home," he asked and she paused.

Back home, right…

"... Fine," she replied simply with a shrug. And that was what she could say. Everyone was great, for sure, but Rias… Well, she was better since Joshua got rid of Riser, but she had her hobbies and things she liked and Koneko… didn't really like those. Akeno was much the same and she couldn't really let go of the past, not that Koneko was one to talk until recently. Kiba tended to be busy with Jeanne and when he wasn't…

Well, in general, the Gremory peerage didn't have a lot of things in common.

It was fine though, really.

"... Glad to hear that," Joshua replied, sounding about as convincing as Koneko thought she did before. Neither of them pressed things though, and she was fine with that. "So, do you wanna stay for dinner?" he asked.

"Sure," Koneko answered and she realized a moment too late that maybe she'd been too quick to do so. Fortunately, neither Joshua nor Serafall seemed to point that out, even though she knew they noticed. Instead, she saw the man smile at her softly before he turned towards the others.

"Stop arguing and play something, will you? Maybe that way Millicas can choose for himself," he called and the three of them perked up. "Also, anyone want popcorn?" he added and that seemed be the last nudge they needed to stop what they were doing and listening to Joshua. "That's more like it," the man said, smiling softly at all of them.

And Koneko entertained the hope that maybe he looked at all of them the same way.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

It was time to stop theorizing and start testing, he decided.

If he didn't start casting stuff soon, he'd never know what worked and what didn't. His information gathering of the Dimensional Gap was going poorly on both the outside knowledge and his own research, so Joshua decided that maybe it was time to try and do stuff. He needed to see what worked and what, most likely, failed miserably.

Maybe that would be more effective than what he was already doing.

Besides, if things failed in the Dimensional Gap, then… Well, there was little loss in that, right? He was more nervous about the fact that he might need to isolate some flavor of Dimensional Gap in his homeworld. That could have a lot of catastrophic consequences.

With some luck, his idea of making a bubble within the Gap would work, because at least then he wouldn't need to potentially bring the harmful… whatever that the Gap had to his home. There was no way he could do that with a calm mind. No, that would be a last resort…

A last resort that he likely would need to tackle, but he tried not to dwell on that.

"You ready?" he asked, taking a deep breath in and looking at Georg. In response, the man pushed his glasses up and nodded, purple mist already starting to gather at their feet. It kept growing, covering more area and becoming thicker. "Let's go," Joshua decided and they were swiftly covered by Dimension Lost before appearing in the Gap.

'Let's do this,' he thought, trying to get a handle of his energy to cast magic and almost failing. Controlling his energies while covering himself from the aggressive atmosphere of the place proved to be difficult though. Not only did the Dimensional Gap do its best to erase their existence, it also did so with their magic, evidently. That meant that casting was difficult.

It was like trying to do so with his anti-failure spells eating away at the still in process magic. Except it was much worse and he didn't even understand how any of it worked. All the same, he pushed through in the same way his own body did. He used more magic so that it could resist the erosion of the Gap. Slowly, after several tries and an already developing headache, Joshua managed to get a spell done.

And by then, he'd started picking up information already. Or, at least, what he thought was information. He'd need to test all of it, probably several times, but he might be able to get something done with what he was getting. Turns out throwing spells in the Dimensional Gap was very informative. More informative than his senses, at least.

He knew how magic worked outside, and now he was learning how magic worked in the Gap. That was bound to give him some idea of what went on in there. It hadn't yet, but Joshua thought he might be picking up some clues here and there. He'd need to test all of it to make sure, but at least he felt like he was getting something. That was already more than he had before.

Just with that, he'd have felt like everything was a success.

He was far from done just yet though. So, he continued, casting more spells and checking the effects in the Gap. None of his spells worked properly, but that was expected, especially after seeing how even casting was affected. He'd need to rework the entire thing if he wanted to be able to do anything properly in that limbo between dimensions.

'Really hoping I really am onto something here,' Joshua thought to himself, watching yet another spell fail and collapse, consumed by the Gap. Very few of his spells even survived contact with the thing, even after being thoroughly overpowered with magic so that they'd be cast at all. As soon as they tried to do their jobs though, they would break apart no matter what Joshua did.

Very interesting…

But also very frustrating.

Joshua knew that if it weren't for Ophis and the deadline he had, he would have found the Dimensional Gap the most interesting thing in the entire verse he'd found himself in. Nothing was clear and every time he so much as thought he found something, he'd get a million questions and ideas. Many of those weren't even for the project he was trying to work on. It was a gift that kept on giving, really.

Except he didn't want that at the moment.

At the moment, he wished for nothing more than for it to be simple, easy, boring.

Yet, life had that kind of twisted sense of humor, Joshua supposed.

Time was ticking and not only his life but that of everyone he knew and loved did too. He didn't know if Ophis was going to kill all of them, but he also couldn't afford to risk thinking otherwise. He didn't know the Dragon of Infinity. He had some scattered memories from canon and their meeting and that was it.

He couldn't use either to assume anything, as far as he was concerned.

So, he'd just work with the worst case scenario and go from there. Better to be prepared for everything, as he'd learned in his time as a magician. Prepare for the worst and don't let it happen. That was a lesson he'd learned very early on.

So, he kept testing, kept thinking, kept trying.

Because he needed to prepare.

[}-o-{]​

[Gabriel]

When Joshua stepped out of the purple mist, she wasn't the only one to sigh in relief.

All three of them had at least some idea of what the Gap was like and none of them liked the idea of Joshua going there, especially so regularly. They liked the idea of Georg being the one to get him in and out of that nightmarescape even less. Not only was he an enemy before, he was also a prisoner and generally someone that none of them trusted.

He did display some slightly reassuring aspects since being freed, but that was far from enough for Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel.

Alas, what other option did they have? Getting into the Gap was difficult on its own. The three of them had ways to get there if they really needed to, but they weren't easy nor something they could do a lot. And Joshua needed to go there regularly, to look for clues, information and now testing too.

"Any luck?" Serafall asked, cheerful mask firmly in place. Gabriel envied her that. She could don her persona so easily that it almost fooled even her. It was a fortunate thing at that moment though, since she helped keep Joshua from seeing how worried they all were. Or, at least, from realizing how really worried they all were.

"Some, I think," the man answered, not sounding very sure. It was better than the outright no that most of his attempts had yielded though, admittedly. Joshua followed that by taking a deep breath in and running his fingers through his hair. Then he straightened his back and continued. "I guess now I have to work out something to see if I really did get something," he added wryly and then he started moving.

"Good luck~!" Serefall called from behind him and the man turned to give her a brief smile before continuing. He left the room with little else said, but they were far from offended.

Instead, they followed him with their eyes as he walked through the door. Then, checking with the other two, Gabriel saw the same fondness she herself felt. It was difficult to be angry at him for not paying too much attention when he was working himself into the ground trying to crack something nobody had a clue about for their sake.

It was what she liked about him, truly.

Maybe it was wrong of her to say, as an angel and especially as a Seraph, but she liked that Joshua didn't do what he did because it was right, or good, much less for pride or self-preservation. He did all that he did for those he cared about, for those he loved. Gabriel knew he'd have been happy without ever stepping into the grander world, tinkering away his magic where nobody could see him.

Instead, he was becoming more and more of a powerhouse with every passing day, doing the opposite of what he wanted, for the sake of those that he'd deemed loved ones. If nobody had ever threatened him or any of his, he'd have done absolutely nothing. But they had and he did.

It was that overwhelming capacity to care that drew Gabriel in.

"Mr. Foster," Yasaka said, remembering what Joshua had forgotten, or rather who. "If you'll follow me. I'll be the one accompanying you to your quarters," the woman added and that was far from a privilege. Georg wasn't allowed to go anywhere without supervision at the moment. Normally, they'd have left that for Raynare or Kuroka, but Yasaka likely wanted to get some questions out of the way while she was at it.

"Haaa, wish I could stay," Serafall mumbled with a pout as she exaggeratedly deflated where she stood. "I have a few meetings to attend to, do you mind…?" she started asking, turning towards Gabriel. Their little competition may have mostly ended, but even she found herself a little uncomfortable when it was just Serafall and her around, especially when they had to actually talk to each other.

"Do I mind spending time with Joshua?" she finished for the Satan, a slight smile on her face. Admittedly, it was becoming easier with time, she found. Odd, but easier. Maybe it'd even be nice at some point. Gabriel would admit that she'd been relieved Serafall and Yasaka were there when Ophis made her visit. They had all drawn strength from each other and that was the only reason Joshua had been able to lean on them to pick himself up and get to work.

Gabriel had no doubt about any of that.

"Don't look so happy about it," Serafall grumbled, pouting even more than before. "I'm gonna be back later," she added, narrowing her eyes at Gabriel. In turn, she just smiled placidly at the woman, knowing that was better than anything else she could have said and done.

So, maybe the rivalry was still there somewhere, but they were making it work anyway.

A few minutes later, the Seraph found herself sitting across a table from Joshua, watching him do what he did best. Apparently, the chances that he'd actually found a few things to work with were looking better and better the more the man looked at things. It was a reassuring sight, if not what they all wished to see. It was better than the absolutely lost appearance he had before. It was… giving her hope.

They were all too used to seeing him look at a problem and immediately assume it was possible. The Dimensional Gap was the first thing that Gabriel had seen completely baffle Joshua. He hadn't known what to even do to get started and even when he did, he had seemed utterly confused when trying to find a way to get things done.

Now though, he seemed to be – slowly, ever so slowly – going back to being the confident miracle maker he seemed to be. She saw him work and Gabriel wasn't concerned anymore, because Joshua was still there. The Joshua that had told her he could give angels more wings. The Joshua that had created life. He was right there, sitting across from her.

So Gabriel felt like there was nothing to fear.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, finally a proper step into the Silence Project. Took a bit, but this is, as has been stated several times, the hardest project Joshua has taken up. Which makes me realize that there's powercreep even in that… Funny that.

And yeah, there was only one way that Joshua and Ajuka could meet that wouldn't end up destroying the DxDverse and that was with a lot of ideas for both of them. If you're wondering why one happened and the other didn't, it's because Serafall was there to keep an eye on both of them.

With all that said, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: How do you eat popcorn? Most of the time, I just grab a handful and drop it all in my mouth. I'm not a very sophisticated person, evidently.

See you.
Last edited: Sep 24, 2025
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 156 others
Adrian King
Sep 23, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 205 - So I’m Trying My Hardest New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Sep 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,178
So I'm Trying My Hardest

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"Do you think I don't know that Davis isn't teaching at your association anymore?" the man sitting in front of her asked and Agnes simply stared at him. He wasn't done, for one. For another… "Putting a student in charge of the classes, Agnes? It's ridiculous to expect to keep the same pull you had. Is Davis even an actual part of House of Water anymore?" … It was better to let them bury themselves. He was going to be one of the easiest ones even. Some of these people really needed to learn when to shut up. "Because after that party you threw and all that you have done since then. Makes me wonder if it was a temporary thing and you knew it."

He wasn't the first to mention stuff like that, and he was unlikely to be the last. He was, however, the most blatant and the most insulting. Maybe it was because Agnes had once been at about the same standing as he was and he felt insulted and embarrassed by her quick rise. Maybe he wanted to try and bring her down, find a weakness to poke at in order to bring about the old status quo, maybe use her to push himself up.

Alas, he was wrong, on many accounts.

"I see. Is that what you want to go with, Droiturière?" she asked, eyebrow raised. "Because yes, Joshua's not teaching much these days, but that's because he's too busy with more important things. Also, that student is his apprentice-"

"Do you really expect our community to believe Davis has that many apprentices?" Droiturière asked derisively. Agnes simply laughed at him. It was always fun to deal with people like him, because she knew they didn't have a leg to stand on, even if they thought they did.

"Here's what's going to happen, Droiturière. You're going to give me the information I want and I won't have to tell Joshua anything else about you. He won't even know your name," she said, simply. In any other moment, that would probably have sounded mocking. But the best this man could hope for was to never appear in Joshua's radar. He was too small, in several ways, to garner any attention and if he did at that point, it wouldn't be good for him. "If you don't, then I'll have to tell Joshua that you got in between him and the information he asked me about. I imagine you'll have no defenses within the day after that."

"So you came here to threaten me with power you don't have?"

"Oh do I have power. But you know what? You're right," Agnes said then, grinning wider. "I shouldn't bother Joshua. I'll call Golden Dawn instead. They are still trying to get back in Joshua's good books. I'm sure they'll jump at the chance."

"You think they'll just take your word for it, Waterhouse?"

"You think they won't?" she asked back, still all smiles.

She was actually curious to see if Droiturière's wishful thinking was strong enough to make him do something that foolish. No matter how much he wished that Agnes' good luck had truly taken a turn for the worse, surely he wouldn't go for it. Then again, he'd only inherited his association from his family and he always did have a better opinion of himself than he should.

As it turned out though, he did have two brain cells to rub together and he eventually caved.

Shame, Agnes had been kind of looking forward to knocking him down a peg or ten.

[}-o-{]​

[Elizabeth Báthory]

"Well, this is certainly different from your usual questions," the man in front of her commented and she just smiled placidly. She knew that already, after all. She'd also gotten similar responses already.

Before that day, everything she'd done could be traced back to the famous Báthory immortality pursuit. Even when she'd used her contacts in Joshua's behalf before, for Hexennacht and the vampires, it could all be said to be for that. She could have been looking for the association for more contacts and information. She could have been looking into vampires for a number of similar and even other reasons too.

Now though? There was no way she could explain wanting information about the Dimensional Gap with that though. As it turned out though, she didn't need to. Because even if she had to burn a few bridges, Joshua had made it sound like this was the ultimate job for them. If she didn't firmly secure herself a spot beside the man and – maybe, hopefully – the chance of him helping her achieve what she'd always strived towards, then she didn't know what would.

"I know that, but sometimes a few unnecessary steps are required to reach a goal. I'm sure you know this, Julius," she replied, almost friendly. There was no true friendliness with Stray Associations though. They were all out for themselves, really.

"And I'm sure you know that nobody gives anything for free," the man told her, raising an eyebrow.

"Of course. This information is for another of my contacts. Joshua Davis, you might have heard of him," Elizabeth said, relishing the way Julius' eyes widened the smallest bit and his eyebrows twitched up. "He requires this information, he's prepared to pay handsomely for it."

"... So you're a messenger now?" The question made her frown the smallest bit, but it wasn't like she could deny that. "How the mighty have fallen, wouldn't you say, Elizabeth?"

"So, is that a no? Because I'm sure Joshua won't be happy that he was dismissed like this," she replied blandly at the same time that she ignored the taunts with ease. Would Joshua actually care? Probably not that much, but Julius didn't know that and that was what was important. Besides, she wondered if the man thought that was an insult. Being Davis' messenger was probably better than Julius' position as leader of his association, really.

"Are you threatening me?"

"Why yes, yes I am," she answered, her lips pulling up at the same time that a handful of blood red circles appeared around the room. All of them pointed at Julius' advisors around along the walls to Elizabeth's side. She'd hardly ever heard them talk, so she was half convinced they were just an intimidation tactic. It didn't matter one way or another though. "Maybe you've forgotten who I am after so long making regular deals with me," she added, whatever was left of her smile vanishing entirely and being replaced with something… apathetic.

Because she needed that information, and she'd get it one way or the other.

That's how, a minute afterwards, the room was painted in the color of blood… even after Elizabeth and her circles had long since disappeared.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou Davis]

She wasn't pouting.

She wasn't.

…

She wasn't!

…

Ok, so maybe she was pouting a little.

It was so unfair though. Why couldn't she do something? Ravel was doing a lot of stuff for her dad. And Koneko was always draped on his back using senjutsu to make him feel better. What about her? What could she do? All Joshua had told her to do where to play with Friday and the other familiars but… Friday was doing much better already.

What could she do then?

Kunou had no idea, but what she did know was that she was frustrated.

She knew he didn't want to make her do anything at all, really, but that didn't really help. Once upon a time, it would have made her happy, she supposed. She'd have been ecstatic that someone wanted her to enjoy herself and even made time to make sure that happened.

Those days though, she wanted to do something for her dad. Joshua had done a lot for her, so seeing him struggling and not even being able to help a little was driving her mad. There wasn't even the excuse of helping him relax because he hardly took a moment off from work those days, even if he tried to. Even when he did, Kunou felt like maybe he was doing that more to keep his word to her than anything.

He'd never admit to seeing time with her as a burden – and that wasn't the case at all, she hoped –, but she could see that he couldn't really have fun or relax. His mind was always at least half on whatever he was working on at the moment, it seemed. And that was fine!

… Honest!

But Kunou felt bad, she felt like a burden. And she hated it. So, she was trying, really trying to find a way to do something. Surely there had to be something, right? Her current idea was making illusions for him. He seemed to like watching them, at least – when they… well, worked –, but maybe there was something else she could do for her dad?

'If only I knew how to do that,' she lamented, watching Koneko using senjutsu to help. She was a senjutsu user too! She should be able to do that! She was even the heir of a faction. That should count double for her being able to do that!

Instead, she was stuck learning how to defend herself… which she knew was important, but it wasn't really helping her at the moment. Besides, she had illusions and the Sacred Gear the lady had brought for her from Grigori. Surely she had enough for the moment, right? Besides, her mom and dad were crazy strong. They could keep her safe.

She'd tried to convince her mom to teach her some other stuff, but that hadn't really gone anywhere. She would have tried with her dad, but Kunou felt like that might just make things worse. She was trying to make things easier on him, not add stuff for him to do, like teaching her. So, not only was she frustrated, she was also jealous that Koneko not only could do what she couldn't, but also because she had someone to… teach her…

"Dad," she asked softly and Joshua looked up. She took a split second to relish the fact that, tired and busy as he was, he immediately looked straight at her, focused. Maybe if she were to ask something silly, his attention would drift a little, but he always made sure to listen just in case. "Do you think I could ask Kuroka to help me with my senjutsu?" she asked and Koneko turned rather sharply towards her.

"I thought your mother helped with that, and don't you have a teacher too?" Joshua asked, taking a deep breath in and straightening a little. All the while, the white-haired reincarnated nekoshou clung to him.

"She does and I do, but I thought she could… you know, help me with other aspects of senjutsu," she answered, her voice lowering to a mumble the more she spoke. That earned her a raised eyebrow from her dad, but he didn't immediately say no, so Kunou took that as a win.

"You can, but you have to have all your homework done before going to her."

"But dad!"

"And you have to go when Koneko has her classes," he added and now there were two pouts directed at him. Kunou never thought she'd ally herself with Koneko in such a way, but the world was full of surprises. "That way, maybe between the two of you you can keep that woman on track enough to teach properly," Joshua finished and she considered that for a moment. It sounded very likely that she'd be silly and have fun while teaching, which was all well and good… but Kunou actually wanted to learn this time.

She shared a look with Koneko and they both seemed to be of the same mind.

It was a necessary sacrifice.

She told herself that it was satisfaction at getting what she wanted that made her happy. What else could it be, after all? It wasn't like she wanted to spend more time with the other girl. She didn't like her! She took up Joshua's time! Time that should have been spent with Kunou!

Although, it was fun to play cards with her, when she wasn't summoning all the cat cards in the game, all of them.

And she could annoy Ravel, which was often very funny.

"Homework," Joshua said, snapping her from her thoughts and she straightened, getting to it. Right, she needed to deal with the boring stuff so that she could help. She wasn't going to like it, but that was a necessary sacrifice too.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Even after some time, it was still an awkward transition to go from using daggers to using a spear.

He also had a feeling that it didn't help that it was True Longinus instead of a normal one. Neither did the fact that he hadn't used normal daggers for a while by then. Speaking of, Carnwennan was used to being the secondary Holy weapon, by the looks of things, but Setan Kober wasn't appreciating the sidelining. It was what it was though, and they would have to deal with it.

Much as he tended to humor them, Joshua just didn't have the time nor the energy to bother at the moment.

'I think that might be enough,' he thought, after one last stab forward with True Longinus, deciding to finish a training session for the moment. So, with the weapon still in hand, the moved to the side and took a bottle of water. Through the break, he glanced aside, pulling up screens and wondering…

[Spear Mastery – Lvl 30/100

Determines the user's ability to fight with a spear.

Increases damage output when fighting with a spear by 30%.

Increases Dexterity when fighting with a spear by 15%.]

… would it be enough by then?

He didn't have enough time to fully master the thing. Not even close. So, he might as well start testing. He had gone to gamble and try to take True Longinus for a reason. Joshua supposed it was about time to try, at least a few times, during his training sessions. Surely he'd be able to at least tell if he was far or not from his goal… or if it was even possible.

So, pausing, he entertained that thought for a moment, his eyes moving to the spear.

'Wonder what that's about…' the stray thought crossed his mind idly as he looked at the thing from the tip to the end of the shaft. The thing had, apparently, slowly started to change ever since he took it. He hadn't noticed it at first, but every time he summoned it, it was ever so slightly different.

No longer was it the ornamented weapon that Cao Cao had wielded. Now, it was almost indistinguishable from a normal spear. Not shoddy or dull, but like a perfectly fine, minimalistic creation. If it weren't for the presence that the thing was basically flooding outwards, then nobody would be able to tell that it was probably the strongest weapon in the world.

According to Gabriel, that was how the Sacred Gear normally looked, instead of the sub-species Sacred Gear Cao Cao had. In a way, that helped reinforce that True Longinus was his though. After all, even after getting it, he always felt like it was still Cao Cao's weapon, something that he'd just stolen. It wasn't though. It was his now and he was free to call on it and all, which…

'Going from no Sacred Gear to having one is odd,' he thought, making the spear disappear and then bringing it out again. It was like there was something connected to his soul that hadn't been there before. Similar to how his connection with the Egyptians worked, or maybe his familiars, in a way, but also very different. It stuck to him, wrapped around him, and then dug down, like a tree taking root. No wonder taking a Sacred Gear out could destroy someone and outright kill.

It made him wonder why Cao Cao was alright after True Longinus went to him, however.

Was it because the Gear left on its own accord? Walburga had also been fine, for a definition of fine. So, maybe that changed everything. Joshua supposed that was the case, but he was really curious about that. How did that happen? Was there some way he could induce that and be able to take someone's Sacred Gear without-

'Focus, Joshua,' he told himself, taking a deep breath in and massaging the bridge of his nose. He really needed to get a hold of his mind. It'd been a while since he'd been focusing on Project Silence and he could admit to being a little restless. He couldn't afford to get distracted though, no way, not with all that was at stake.

Gripping the spear a little harder, he found a spot away from everyone else in the training facilities.

"Georg, come here," he called, not really loudly, but the guy jumped from where he had been, sitting off to the side and reading a book. Joshua had gotten tired of seeing the guy just stiffly standing or sitting around, so he'd decided to give him a few things to keep himself entertained. Nagini and Friday were happy enough keeping an eye on things just in case anyway.

"Do you need me, Mr. Davis?" the man asked and Joshua nodded.

"I need you to keep an eye on things in case anything happens, alright?"

"... What are you going to attempt, sir?" The deference wasn't new, but it was not any less odd than when the man had started, Joshua would admit. All the same, he couldn't be bothered to correct that. He knew from experience how hard that was. He had better things to at that moment.

"I'm going to use True Longinus to try and pierce between dimensions," Joshua explained, watching as Georg's eyes widened. Not that he blamed him. The idea sounded insane to him too, but it had crossed his mind and he'd wondered.

The same way he'd gambled on partial knowledge and theories to get True Longinus, he was going to gamble on one thing. The fact that True Longinus was supposed to be a spear that could pierce through anything… If that was true, and considering the somewhat wacky logic of magic and the DxDverse as a whole… Well, he thought it wasn't too crazy a theory.

So, that's what he'd attempt.

He'd try and stab into the Dimensional Gap with True Longinus.

[}-o-{]​

… So that had been a disappointment.

After a few minutes of just stabbing air, he surmised that either it couldn't be done or he needed more skill… and more power. Now, power could be obtained. His training might not give him a lot of stat increases those days, but there were other ways. He could use spells to boost himself, for one. There was also the Egyptian pantheon, who would gladly give him a push if it could potentially increase his chances of survival.

Ophis had spooked even them, it seemed.

He'd tried a bit of that and it hadn't worked though. There were other things he could try though. Either way, he'd work assuming it wasn't that. That left him with the issue of skill and maybe his connection with True Longinus not being what it should be. Sometimes things could get a little abstract. He'd know, as a magician.

There was a chance that he was still lacking in any of the three things.

Which was why he was revisiting a somewhat old project. It wasn't necessary for him to be able to get to the Gap himself, but it could help in a number of ways. For one, he wouldn't need to trust Georg's self-preservation instincts, even if they seemed reliable. For another, it could offer him different data than Dimension Lost's way into the dimension limbo.

So, the short of it was that it'd be nice if he could manage to get somewhere with True Longinus.

With that in mind, Joshua was reaching out to sources of power he might have otherwise ignored or left aside. Because, while power was great and all, he had much more important things to work on most of the time. It was a little surprising, at least considering the world he was in, but it was generally easier to approach a problem sideways with some trick or specific effect than trying to brute force it.

That was why he'd kind of started ignoring pure-power stuff.

Joshua was back to it though, it seemed, which was a little ironic. Still, options were available to him that he could explore, even if they might take a bit of time. It wasn't like he could work on the Gap stuff all the time. His mind didn't have that kind of laser focus, much as he'd have liked to.

So, instead, he was taking up tangentially related projects like True Longinus and what he was about to pick up in a moment. Maybe he'd look for a few others, because he could feel himself becoming less productive the more he tried to focus on a single thing. His brain just wasn't built for that, apparently.

"Didn't you say something about not coming back here?" Walburga hissed as soon as he stepped into the dungeon and Joshua just turned to look at her and raised an eyebrow. Did she somehow get the impression that she could complain or something? He almost wanted to spare her some time, but that was probably his general annoyance and frustration with the currently ongoing projects.

"I'll be gone in a moment," he said with a roll of his eyes, walking up to one particular cell and looking at the man inside.

"You need me for something?" the fallen angel asked, a smirk on his face. Joshua wanted nothing more than to erase the guy from the face of Earth, he really did. He was the reason what little remained of his original family was off somewhere, not even knowing he existed anymore. He was the cause of a lot of his grievances and he'd been a thorn on his side…

But he was also the most reasonable test subject he had at the moment. Who else was he supposed to take, Katerea? Yeah no, fuck that bitch. He might hate Kokabiel, but at least the fallen wasn't annoying. The last thing he needed at the moment was someone irritating to work with.

Maybe he'd kill the bastard once all was said and done, but he kind of needed him now.

"I do," he answered, taking a deep breath in as he calmed his emotions as best he could. Which wasn't saying much, but something was better than nothing. "You can stay here rotting or you can come out and help me better figure out whatever Khaos gave you to make you stronger."

"Don't you have a vial?" Kokabiel asked, frowning, and Joshua almost wanted to ask him what difference did that make for him. Alas, he didn't, because he knew the ancient fallen angel likely wasn't going to just cave and ask to be let out like the others. It was part of what made him reasonable… even if it also made him inconvenient at that moment.

"I do, but I want to see what it does to those that take it. So far, there's a lot of work to be put into things if I don't want to kill myself with it," he explained, because there wasn't much point hiding that. If he stayed, it would make no difference, and if he followed Joshua, then the fallen would learn about it sooner rather than later. "So, you in or not?"

"... Gee, I wonder. Do I stay in the damp, cold, stone cell and suffer or do I go out in the sun with a bit of freedom and suffer? Really tough choice, Davis, I gotta say," the fallen commented flippantly and Joshua briefly pondered actually taking Katerea, because maybe he'd been wrong and she'd be less annoying and he didn't hate her so- "I'm definitely going," Kokabiel said then, a definite touch to his voice as his expression became serious and his entire posture shifted, even without getting up from the floor.

Then he did stand up, walking up to the cell bars and looking through them at Joshua.

"When are we leaving?"

Joshua took a deep breath in, wondering if he'd regret not picking Katerea, but ultimately snapping his fingers.

Less than a minute later, he left the dungeon with Kokabiel following right behind.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

People seemed to want a look into Agnes and Elizabeth's efforts… and they made the Muse and me curious on the matter. So, I turned my eye in their direction and it did seem a little interesting, so I gave them a mini-section each.

From there, some more Kunou – because we can never get enough of the lil' piece of fluff, can we? – and then progress being made… or attempted, at least. We'll see if any of that goes anywhere. Surely all of Joshua's efforts will pay off somehow, right?

… Right?

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: I'm gonna embrace the chaotic nature this question is supposed to have and ask a question you've probably never been asked… What's your favorite letter? Mine is Z. I know, that's about as basic as black or white clothes and almost as bad as picking X, but still. Arguments can be made for W though, maybe K too.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mad_Smile2607, demonmonkey89, Panicbox13 and 150 others
Adrian King
Sep 30, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 206 - You Know You Know Nothing New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 7, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,184
You Know You Know Nothing

[Yasaka]

"I don't like it," she said, very clearly and to the point.

Joshua, next to her, let a helpless smile form on his face and then chuckled with the same sentiment. Similarly, Yasaka didn't like the way he looked those days. Even after some of his breakthroughs, finding paths to attempt what he needed to, Joshua still looked weary and scared, weak. It was unlike him and she hated that she couldn't do anything significant to help him.

"I like it even less," the man said and she held back sharp words and doubt. Not because she wouldn't have meant it, but because she could feel it, the cold, hard edge hidden under Joshua's usual softness in his life energy. One that she'd seldom seen and even less so evident and blatant. "Maybe power isn't the answer, but I have to try anyway," he added, whatever facsimile of a smile he'd managed crumbling into nothing just as quickly as it had appeared. "I can't leave any rocks unturned, no matter how dangerous it might be or how little I want to touch them," he explained and even his analogy showed that he was half out of it, just like he had every single day since that night.

Yasaka wasn't sure what it was that had him like that. Initially, she thought it might be the scare, or maybe a lack of sleep. Then, Serafall had pointed out that it might be his ideas, running rampant now that he couldn't afford to reign them in. Gabriel had commented it could be the Gap's effect on him, or maybe True Longinus, although that last one was less likely. Unfortunately, the nature of his one of a kind miracle with the Sacred Gear threw any knowledge they had on holders of the spear out the window, really, even for the Seraph.

So, she didn't know if one of their guesses were right, if it was something else, or if it was some combination between those things.

"Do you trust your measures to contain him?" Yasaka said, eyes locked on Kokabiel, the subject of their conversation. He might not be one of those that had attacked her home, but he'd facilitated the entire thing and she hated him for it. She'd delighted in accompanying Joshua down to the dungeons once or twice for his experiments just to see him suffer for what he'd done. Admittedly, she'd gone there more for the others, but still.

"I do," he said confidently and that eased some of her worries. Only some of them though. "Friday and my spell arrays should have him nice and weak most of the time. I'll only ease the leash when I'm present and a hundred percent sure I can take him. Besides, he's by himself and surrounded by enemies. It's as well contained as he's ever going to be while being on hand," he added and she nodded along.

It all made sense, of course, but she couldn't help but worry.

Still, others had been one thing. The fallen trio he'd brought before had been weak and Raynare had proved herself plenty as time passed. Kuroka had been… less trustworthy, but senjutsu had alleviated most of Yasaka's worries with the reincarnated nekoshou. It had also taken her about one look towards Georg to know that the magician was harmless.

He was utterly terrified of Joshua and everyone else. To the point where he seemed to have decided that it was better to keep within their good graces, firmly. Interesting, but not really something she wanted to trust too much. Alas, it seemed to be the correct assessment so far and every day that passed reassured her further.

Kokabiel though? They all knew him, Yasaka and Serafall less so, admittedly, but Gabriel had a lot to say about her brother. Almost nothing was good, but then again, they were almost polar opposites. Where Kokabiel relished and thrived in war, Gabriel despised it, even with as much as she had still done for her faction during the conflicts they'd had to go through. If she never had to participate in another war, she'd die happy.

Not Kokabiel, however. The man seemed unable to withstand times of peace. To the point where he had to go out of his way to burn his own bridges in an effort to create and perpetuate conflict. That was not someone any of them wanted in their lives…

And yet, he was one of the necessary evils they had to put up with for the sake of their goals, she supposed. Simple as Joshua's reasoning had been, they had agreed that the fallen was a better prospect compared to Katerea. The devil might have been weaker, but she was also unpredictable. Serafall herself had agreed that she was too much of a loose cannon to give any amount of leeway. Kokabiel might be someone they didn't like, but none of them would call him an idiot and only an idiot would do something in the situation he was in.

Alas, Yasaka didn't feel any more confident with the situation, even knowing that.

"Kunou will never so much as look at the guy. I have Jeanne, Asia and Kuroka keeping an eye on her. Probably also Koneko whenever she drops by," Joshua said, taking her silence for what it was. For as socially inept as he thought himself to be, he could be surprisingly perceptive at times, they all noticed. In that instance, for example, Yasaka hadn't even known that was a worry of hers until he said that. "And as soon as I figure out what's up with his power boost, he'll go back in the hole. Or maybe we can finally negotiate him away with Grigori. Penemue might like that."

"Not Azazel?"

His silence was telling, but she didn't blame him for it. Yasaka herself hadn't forgiven the man. Her servants had died that day and her daughter had been put in danger. Joshua had had to fray his own soul to put out the fires of the Governor's harebrained scheme.

A scheme that hadn't even paid off, because Vali Lucifer seemed intent on only getting them the most useless pieces of information a spy could reasonably give without being called outright incompetent.

No, the price had been too high.

Maybe Joshua was on to something, the best fallen to deal with was Penemue… and maybe giving her some more open support could be useful…

Something to consider and discuss with the others, Yasaka decided.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Taking a step away from Project Spear, he went back to Project Silence once more.

Using True Longinus was, after all, a side project at the moment, a tangent for his mind to go through when he got tired of the main thing. That was all it was, nothing more, nothing less. It sounded funny when he considered that, for sure, since it was… well, True Longinus. Alas, the strongest spear in the verse wasn't going to be enough to face Infinity.

The weapon might be great if he were fighting gods and other such powerful beings, but Ophis and Great Red weren't in the same league. Hell, Joshua had doubts if they were even within three of those metaphorical leagues. Because as strong as they were, Sirzechs and Ajuka hadn't completely broken his spells and Friday by existing within them.

They were spikes, sharp, dramatic spikes, but they didn't make his arrays crash and his spell familiar have some very serious trauma. He wasn't even sure if they were close to causing that either. So, no, he wasn't about to go and use a pointy stick to the veritable personification of Infinity, no matter how fancy a stick it was.

So, for the moment, True Longinus was just a means by which he might reach the Dimensional Gap with his own power. Further than that… Well, there was a reason why Carnwennan and Setan Kober were always frustrated by lack of use. Joshua wasn't much of a frontal fighter if he could avoid it. He would be grateful for having such a powerful weapon at his disposal, but that was about it.

"Now, this is odd," he mumbled to himself, feeling his spell collapse into itself for the tenth time in a row. Not a strange occurrence for tests to do that. For every success, there were a myriad of failures in his past. Joshua's tests weren't merely defective successes. Most of them were failures, utter and complete ones.

'They are never the same kind of failure though,' he thought, casting the spell again and feeling it crumble inwards as if imploding, again.

Spell failures were feared because nobody knew what they could do. They could explode, or implode, or cause a completely unrelated effect to what you were trying to cast. One of the reasons why he figured people didn't do spellcrafting as much as he did was fear of such failures. The mortality rate of magicians that cast a failing spell, regardless of reason, was very high.

Yet, every single time he tried this particular spell array, it failed by collapsing on itself.

'That's not a coincidence,' he decided, taking a deep breath in and nodding to himself.

Then, he considered the thing.

It was a spell array that he was trying out. It was neither "create a Silence void" nor "replicate the mysterious Silence element". It also wasn't part of his idea to isolate a piece of the Gap nor cutting it apart. No, it was something much simpler, really… or more complicated, depending on how one looked at it.

What he was trying at the moment was to understand how the Dimensional Gap worked. For that, he was trying to reproduce the effects it had on… basically everything. After his attempt to cast spells in the place to gather information, he'd done a few other tests, like dropping stuff there and so on. It had all led to him having some idea of how the corrosive, aggressive dimension did what it did, at least in terms of damage.

So, now he was trying to figure out if he'd actually learned how or if he'd fooled himself.

As it turned out though…

'I might actually be onto something,' he thought, casting the array once more and watching it consume itself. Calling on deities of magic and other such domains to help him figure out what exactly was happening – on top of his usual spells and senses –, Joshua noticed that it was… similar to how the Gap consumed everything. Similar in the same way that a stickman drawing was similar to a person's photograph though.

'Hmm, might need to workshop this more, a lot more,' he thought. Because the spell was supposed to consume something else, not itself. He wasn't sure where the blunder was, but that was just how trial and error worked. At least it hadn't been something more embarrassing. Like the time when he was testing one of his sensing spells and he ended up blind for about half an hour.

Kunou had found that hilarious, at least, and it had been a bit fun to play with her as she guided him through the house.

Back on topic though, progress was made and Joshua had something else to tinker. Something that almost looked like it was going somewhere. That was very much appreciated, that was for sure. Every single actually significant step was a blessing, as far as he was concerned.

After stumbling in the dark for a good few days when he started, he finally was feeling like he was doing something. Slowly, agonizingly slowly, Joshua was getting somewhere. That was reassuring…

But it was also concerning.

He didn't have infinite time. He needed to get stuff done and he needed to do it soon. Otherwise, Ophis would come for her visit and he might not have enough to show for it. So, much as he wanted to celebrate each step, they weren't coming fast enough.

He needed a proper success and soon, or he might run out of time.

'Don't think about that,' he thought, pursuing his lips and focusing on what he was doing. That was the productive thing to do, so he pushed away the worries and centered himself…

That did little to silence the thoughts though.

[}-o-{]​

Absently, he stabbed something in his plate and brought it to his mouth.

He barely felt the taste of it, but he did notice that it was good.

"You're getting better at this," he commented without looking up from the notebook that he'd laid beside his plate. His mother would have had his head if she saw him working at the table, he imagined. Alas, she wasn't around to scold him and he liked to think that he was somewhat justified, what with the danger of Infinity.

"Thanks," Asia said and he allowed himself a moment to look up and smile back at the beaming girl. "Jeanne and Kunou helped."

"I mean, I guess? But one's a brat and the other is a child," he pointed out, ignoring the two protests that were raised immediately in favor of the nun's giggles. "So, this is probably all on you. If anything, that just makes it seem even more impressive."

After that, he turned back to his notebook and nobody said anything to follow up, not even his glaring sister or his pouting daughter. He was working after all, and it was only his desire not to neglect his family that drove him to talk sometimes, like at that moment. He'd lost one family without properly getting to express how much they meant to him. He didn't want to lose another one like that.

He also didn't want to lose them because he didn't focus enough though.

It was a tough position to be in, for sure.

All the same, Joshua was making it work as best he could, but that wasn't saying much. In truth, he was failing miserably, really. Because he didn't remember the last meaningful interaction he'd had with Jeanne or Asia. His friends even less so. As it was, he was barely making time for a handful of people, like Kunou, or Yasaka, Gabriel and Serafall. At least it helped that Ravel and Koneko spent a lot of time with Kunou, but still…

Cheshire jumped on his lap then, curling up and offering some silent support that actually helped a lot. Her weight, her warmth and the softness of her fur helped ease his tense body and the knot in his chest. Through the bond, he felt the rest of his familiars reaching out too and he replied in kind, pushing gratefulness towards them.

He even noticed some Egyptians, their presence barely there at all. It was almost like they were peeking in, too shy to actually interfere in the moment. 'Thinking about it, they seem to stay away from my personal life, for the most part,' he thought then, pausing to consider that for a moment before shaking his head. If that wasn't wrong though, that was kind of them. Maybe he could do something nice for them.

Something to consider later, however.

Once his stomach stopped protesting the lack of food, Joshua pushed his plate away and set the notebook firmly in front of him. What he was working on at the moment was casting spells to isolate a space in the Gap and… He had several ideas, but he was almost positive none of them were going to work. He was hopeful of course, but if he'd learned something in the time since he started on that, it was that anything related to the Gap was a mess and not simple at all.

There was also the fact that he didn't know how Great Red was supposed to mess with the Gap enough to disturb Ophis' Silence. After further consideration, he had to wonder if any effort he made to isolate a piece of the place would just make it "not silent" as far as the Infinity Dragon was concerned. But then, if that was the case, anything he made would be like that, right?

If that was the case though, then nothing he made would work and… and he couldn't afford to let that be a possibility.

That was why he was going to try and apply something that'd erase his magic's presence too. Not like he hadn't done that a bunch of times while setting up traps and raids but… Yeah, he'd have to be more thorough than ever. He couldn't let a single hint of anything but what he set up for Ophis to be felt.

That was going to be a challenge by itself, but less of one than… well, everything else.

Joshua would tackle that beast when he got to it. For the moment, he'd set up some flavor of personal Gap for the dragon. If he didn't manage to make it as "Silent" as she wanted it, then Joshua would just have to hope that she'd allow him more time to fix any of the issues. He didn't remember Khaos Brigade doing much of anything to bring Ophis her Silence, so he was kind of banking a lot on the fact that him doing something would be enough to keep the dragon off his back.

Was that risky? Yes, but it wasn't like he had an abundance of options.

"Tea?" a voice asked and he blinked, looking up and noticing that the table was mostly empty. Everyone seemed to have long since finished dinner, by the looks of it.

He hadn't noticed.

His gaze turned to the side and he saw Asia holding the aforementioned beverage with a soft, warm smile and he returned the expression with a slight, weary half-smile of his own. Still, even if he couldn't manage to express it well at the moment, he was very grateful. Mostly because, somehow, the one that was the least affected by the entire situation was Asia, and her peaceful presence was a reassurance that he needed more than he often realized until he came across it, like at that moment.

"You're a gift, Asia, truly," he said, getting a beaming expression that soothed his fraying nerves. He'd have to go back to working in a moment, but that fleeting relief was plenty, as far as he was concerned.

[}-o-{]​

"So, what are we doing?" Kokabiel asked flippantly after Joshua called for him. "Some more soul poking? Gonna try and divine the secrets of my race piece by piece?" he added and Joshua found it mildly interesting that he seemed genuinely curious. He'd also seen him looking at Raynare's wings a lot, which…. made sense.

"Nope, we're going to be testing whatever it is that you took to get stronger," Joshua answered, focusing back on the present. A corner of his mind stored the piece of knowledge he'd just noticed though. Maybe it'd come in useful later. "And for that, this time, we're gonna be drastic."

"Ominous," the fallen replied with a grin that was almost mocking. Joshua didn't mind too much. He imagined he'd change his tune pretty quick when it was revealed what they were actually going to do. "Is that some other way to say what I just did?"

"No, because I ain't going to touch you, not even with spells… At least, not until things are already underway," he answered, taking a deep breath in and preparing himself. He checked his spells, the Egyptians and Friday. "Hope you're ready," he added, taking some pleasure in the confused expression on the fallen before turning towards Georg. "How about you?"

"Ready when you are, Mr. Davis," the man replied obediently.

Joshua knew he was doing that on purpose, to get on his good side. It was difficult not to notice when he was so obvious. And even if he were as socially adept as a rock, which he wasn't, everyone else had pointed it out too, so he'd have known anyway. Yet, he found himself appreciating that. It was straightforward, the same way Raynare was, if for different reasons.

Raynare wanted power.

Georg wanted to survive.

Joshua could work with both, so he did. So long as nobody noticed anything off with the magician, then it was all fine. He'd been an enemy, but so had Raynare, so had Kalawarna and Mittlet, even Kuroka. Of all his enemies, the only ones that he couldn't forgive were Kokabiel, Vali's Team and the higher ups of Khaos. All of them were directly responsible for attacks on his family, his loved ones.

And they did it because they felt like it.

That was unforgivable.

Everyone else had been either only tangentially related or not at all.

And again, Joshua's anger – something he hadn't quite known much about himself until after his life changed drastically – was something that burned bright immediately but also burned out just as fast. He wouldn't be surprised if, eventually, he forgave everyone. That is, so long as they showed change, they showed they weren't the same maniacs that had made him angry to begin with.

He'd find it odd at that moment, but then again, he'd have felt the same about Raynare and the other fallen back in the day…

"Mr. Davis?" Georg called and he blinked. 'Feels like it's been a while since I zoned out quite like that in the middle of something,' he thought to himself, taking another deep breath in and focusing.

"Right, let's go."

"Where, exactly?" Kokabiel asked, looking between them curious and confused.

"To the Dimensional Gap," Joshua answered and he relished the paling of the fallen's face and the widening of his eyes a little too much. He didn't feel bad about it at all though, nor did he care for holding back the grin on his face as the purple mist surrounded them and pulled them into the corrosive dimensional limbo.

A second later, the tests had begun.

Joshua focused all his efforts on Kokabiel this time. He wanted to see how the sliver of Ophis' power that he'd taken interacted with the Gap and vice versa. He wasn't expecting much, but it was something that could help somehow. It was a piece of her – or at least that was the assumption he was working with – or her power or some flavor of that, so that meant that it might react or otherwise show something in the Dimensional Gap.

Despite it being the intent though, he was surprised to see something right off the bat.

What was it though? Well, that was a different matter altogether. He had no idea what he was seeing, but he knew it was different from the usual. The Gap still seemed to be trying to make Kokabiel disappear, but it wasn't working in the same way as usual. He couldn't quite tell how though, but he knew there was something there.

After some time observing it though, his best explanation was that normally the Gap acting like acid, trying to eat away at whatever was dropped inside it. With Kokabiel though, it felt like the stillness had turned into a maelstrom mixed with a powerwasher, trying to forcibly erode him until he disappeared.

That was…

'That's active,' Joshua thought, eyes a little wide. That was… huge, even if he didn't know why or how it could affect his projects. That was a massive bit of info, and right when he'd been wondering about the difference between what Ophis wanted and what he might be able to make. 'Now though… is what we experience Silence or is that Silence? Maybe neither?' he wondered, brows furrowed as he considered that.

What caused the difference to begin with?

Lots of questions had suddenly popped in his mind and he had not an inkling of where to begin. How vexing… but it was what it was. He'd have to work with that. No two ways about it, sadly. So, he observed as best he could and eventually told Georg to get them out.

Joshua almost didn't pay any attention to Kokabiel dropping to his knees on the ground of his training facilities. 'So, the Gap felt more aggressive for him too,' he noted, tilting his head. Interesting.

How very interesting indeed.

'Lots to work on, but this was a very productive little experiment,' he thought with a nod.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Not gonna lie, it's kind of fun to write this Gap arc. It's like a long, very drawn out headcanon brainstorming session. Because yes, I'm figuring this out as we go, just like I do with all my writing. Is anyone even surprised at this point?

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Would any of you be interested in a K-Pop Demon Hunters story or three? They've been living rent-free in my head since I watched the movie and I've got plotbunnies for days. I might even be able to work it on top of my current stories, since my plot bunnies don't sound too long when it comes to this fandom… I know, I'm shocked too.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 154 others
Adrian King
Oct 7, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 207 - Overcoming, Projected New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,198
Overcoming, Projected

"Why do I feel the need to punch this guy in the face?" Issei asked and Joshua raised an eyebrow, following the boy's finger as he pointed at Kokabiel.

"You've got good instincts," he commented idly. After all, Issei had been on the other side of the world when he'd fought Kokabiel and Joshua was pretty sure he had never mentioned the fallen to the Boosted Gear holder. Very interesting that. Was it his dragon side that took notice of something or was it just some randomly very accurate feeling Issei had gotten?

He mentally added checking on that at some point next to the pile of projects he had waiting for things to no longer be busy and serious.

"Thanks?"

"Anyway, yeah, I'd let you, but I kind of need the guy," Joshua continued, taking a deep breath in.

"You know I'm here, right?" the fallen asked flatly, but he was thoroughly ignored.

"Whenever you're ready, Issei," Joshua said, waving his hand and activating a bunch of already placed spells. The boy nodded, donning his Scale Mail immediately and starting to accumulate Boosts. From there, he summoned True Longinus, making Kokabiel straighten out of some instinct alone apparently, and then he started calling on the Egyptians.

Set, god of War, Chaos, and Storms.

Horus, god of War, Sky, and Kingship.

Sekhmet, goddess of War and Destruction.

Onuris, god of War.

Joshua called on all the War gods he knew of in the Pantheon and even some that he didn't. Then he called anyone that might even be relatively or tangentially connected to battle or wielding a spear. His soul strained the smallest bit, but not enough to cause real damage. Nothing a day or two wouldn't patch up and nothing that would take him out of commission. He couldn't risk that for something so small in the grand scheme of what he was working on.

So, he had to use what he had in hand and what wouldn't leave him out of commission to continue working on his other projects.

Issei's Transfer, for example. Or his Egyptian back up. From there, he had spells and arrays in place. Margalo was signing overhead too, even, and Friday was at least attempting to play support from where she now resided inside him, apparently trying to imitate the gods' support. There were a bunch of things that he wasn't even sure if they were helping, but he guessed he was about to find out…

With all the pieces in place, it was just a matter of getting to it.

Joshua did notice though, as everything piled together, the spear in his hand felt… heavier. Not in a way that made him struggle, or that made him think it might reject some of the things he'd pulled – like the Egyptians, which was a genuine concern –, but in the sense that it made him feel like the weapon was… matching the vibe, as it were. Like it could tell something was coming and was matching the intensity in its own way.

After dealing with Setan Kober and Carnwennan, Joshua was admittedly used to weapons with some amount of sentience and even – maybe, possibly – sapience. Still, no offense to the kris and dagger, but they weren't quite a match for True Longinus. Everything that came from the spear felt so much more… imposing. Like it needed to be seen, heard, felt, and it wouldn't be ignored. Not because it was loud or demanding, but because you could tell it was important.

Joshua simply nodded to himself, closing his eyes for a moment to feel the spear better. Then he took a deep breath in, opened his eyes and shifted slowly, meaningfully, into a stance with the weapon in his arms. The anticipation coming from the Sacred Gear shifted into something more… eager, excited, like it was whispering to him 'finally'.

"Now," he said and all spells honed on him, the blessings of the gods and goddesses sharpening. Margalo's song intensified and Friday pushed with all her might inside him.

[Transfer] Ddraig announced from inside the Boosted Gear just as he went to stab forward. Joshua felt the immense spike in energy, strength, power that came with the ability. He was no weakling on a good day, least of all with all that he'd piled in that one attack, but the boost still managed to be insane. The Boosted Gear wasn't a Longinus for nothing, he supposed.

Joshua wasn't focusing on that anymore though, at that point. No, he was focused on his form, aided by the deities that knew better than him. He focused on True Longinus as it sang, feeling how it pierced the air as if it were a block of stone, resistance that had nothing to do with the physical world hitting the tip of the weapon. He focused on that new sensation and pushed forward all the same, knowing that he'd reached a milestone and not sure if it was the one he'd been looking for.

Stab felt like it took minutes, maybe hours, even though it was probably a second, maybe less. Time seemed to slow down and Joshua took it all in, bit by bit. The power, the gods, the resistance, the spear and finally… the piercing.

Contradictory to how the entire moment felt so long, the ending felt like a flash, something that could be missed by so much as blinking. One moment he was stabbing forward and the next True Longinus was going through air, space, dimensions. He watched the small tear in space for the longest split second ever before realizing that he needed to continue the experiment, cutting upwards and opening a rift to the Dimensional Gap. It was much too easy, he noticed, once the initial opening was there.

'It worked,' he thought, eyes wide with disbelief.

"Georg?" he said and the Dimension Lost user seemed to start at his call. Apparently, he had been a bit too surprised by his achievement, but Joshua would cut him some slack. He did spread his mist around after a moment, covering the tear… and just like it opened, it was closed. Joshua, then and there, wasn't aware of the eyes on him. He was only aware of his own satisfaction

[Quest Complete: Open a way to the Dimensional Gap.

Rewards:

+ 30 levels to Spear Mastery

+ 20 levels to Spatial Magic

+ Skill Updated: ###te# of #e#ven

+ 10 to all Stats]

'If that's not Heaven, then I don't know what it could be,' he thought idly, taking a deep breath in and then letting it out wearily. That single second had taken its toll, evidently, but it had been a very productive second. Especially for the other rewards he got. Those would come in handy.

As for the mystery skill… He'd deal with that some other time.

Focusing back on the present and dismissing the screen, Joshua considered the fact that he'd need to finetune the amount of power and skill necessary to open a hole to the Dimensional Gap. Maybe he could afford a few less deities stretching his soul thin or maybe he could do without Boosted Gear if he played things well enough. Now he had basically doubled his Spear Mastery levels too, so that probably helped, along with the overall stat increases.

The one that he had to deal without was Boosted Gear though, since he couldn't count on Issei being on hand. Especially since part of Project Spear's aim was to not have to rely on Georg to get in and, most importantly, out of the Gap. Maybe it was prideful of him, or something along those lines, but he'd long since stopped trusting others as much as he trusted himself to get things done. At least, when it didn't come to matters that were way beyond him, like politics.

This was something he could do, clearly, so he'd rather rely only on himself.

"Thanks for the help, Issei," he said, turning towards the Boosted Gear wielder. He hadn't had as much time for him as he'd wished those days, but he still talked to him and Aika on occasion, especially when he went to tinker in a quiet corner of his cafe in Kuoh. "I'll make a few calls and you'll have your super date, promise," he added and the kid beamed at him. That had been the low, low price of his help and Joshua was more than happy to help.

Hell, he'd have done it without the deal thing, but Issei could find that out at some other point. Maybe when Aika was hearing, so that she could get a good laugh out of it. As it was, he had other things to do, so…

"Do you want to go back on your own? I have things to handle over here still and I don't want to take your time," he added, taking a deep breath in – he was doing that a lot, but he found it helped him focus his mind – and running his fingers through his hair. "Might want to use some of your free time for something, huh? Now that Aika's busy."

"I guess," the boy said with a chuckle. "There was a game I wanted to try out." Joshua thought it wise not to ask what game it was. Issei had gotten a lot better, but Aika wasn't really a great influence to rehabilitate the perverted little shit, so…

"Have fun," was all he said in response before the boy left. Then he cracked his neck and turned towards Georg. "Let's go, I want to try out some other things," he said, whatever good mood he had managed was pushed aside in favor of his next bout of testing. He could have taken a break, but the entire thing with True Longinus hadn't taken too long and the data he'd gotten from it could be used at some other point.

Time to move from Project Spear to Project Silence.

More precisely, Project Silence: Bubble.

That's why, once Georg warped them into the Dimensional Gap, Joshua got to work. Spells were layered one by one as he created a small array that had a very simple, but not at all easy, job. What the magic was supposed to do was, as the name of the project indicated, create a bubble in the Gap. More precisely, it was supposed to create a bubble of Dimensional Gap that was separated from the rest of the voidspace.

For one, it would be a good enough attempt at giving Ophis what she wanted, maybe. For another, it was bound to have some interesting information for him to work with, Joshua thought. One way or another, he was going to gain something, even if the test didn't work at all, he'd likely learn something.

'Ok, that one didn't work out… not that one either… maybe this-nope…' he thought, casting spell after spell, trying out different array ideas. Most of them collapsed at some point, some sooner, some later, but none of that was a surprise. Casting magic at all in the Gap was a struggle, Joshua already knew, and it'd be a while before he truly got the hang of it. Probably until he had it all figured out, really, since the Gap's very nature was what worked against his casting. He doubted he'd be able to learn how to cast consistently without enough understanding to fulfill Ophis' request.

Unfortunate, since that meant he was forced to try and kill two birds with one stone.

'Ok… that worked… sort of,' he thought, looking at the bubble he'd finally managed to create. It worked, for sure, but the inside of it was nothing like the Gap outside. Instead of a bubble with Gap outside and inside, he'd made more of a… weird balloon. The thing was half-filled with his magic, which he imagined was not at all "Silent" for the purposes of his endeavors.

He'd learned a bunch of things though, so that was good.

"Let's go back," he told Georg, who promptly took them back.

Joshua still had a lot of tinkering to get through.

[}-o-{]​

"This field has been thoroughly arrayed to counter spell failures," Joshua announced, walking in first and gesturing around with his arms while his class of valkyries followed after him. At his words, they looked around at the seemingly normal space with awe written all over their faces. "Feel free to test any modifications you've made to your spells. If you want me to check them, just ask, same if you have any doubts in your process," he said, turning to address them more directly. "Go wild," he instructed and he would have chuckled if he weren't so tired.

He felt like he was always tired those days.

Not long afterwards, they were already going at it and all of them were failing miserably. They didn't seem to mind too much though, considering they seemed more impressed by his failure suppressing array than anything else. He almost worried they were messing up on purpose just to watch his spells in action, funnily enough.

"You do realize this is a revolutionary thing on its own, right? Associations would throw themselves at you for this thing," Göndul commented as she walked beside him while he checked attempts going on. So far nobody had asked for guidance, so he was letting them flail a little before stepping in. "How're you not House of Water's director already?"

"Don't feel like it," he commented. Ravel herself had commented on the matter once, and she reminded him by clearing her throat from behind him. He resolutely didn't turn to look at the devil. "I have other things to do, like studying and tinkering. I can't be bothered to play politics or manage a place like this," he said with a shrug, getting a laugh out of the old valkyrie.

Idly, Joshua noticed how interesting it was that the woman felt old to him, even though Gabriel didn't and she was definitely older than Göndul. Maybe it was a race thing, but the angel just didn't feel old, while the valkyrie did. It was like the immortal races just got stuck somewhere in "adult" and never really stepped into the "old" stage, somehow.

Curious.

Or maybe it was just the fact that he had the woman's granddaughter in his class that affected his view, admittedly.

"Can't say I blame you," Göndul commented and Joshua was almost positive that he heard Ravel groaning. Girl didn't know when to give up and she should really learn. The day Joshua voluntarily did something political without literally needing to or being forced in some way was the day the world ended. "Politics are a nightmare for people like us."

"People like us?" he asked, eyebrow raised. Not that he disagreed, but he wasn't sure what she meant like that and it made him curious.

"Direct people," Göndul answered with a smile and he chuckled. That was fair. Politics almost always needed some sort of subtlety that he just didn't have. Even his dabbles into politics had been fairly straightforward, really, and that was because it could barely be called politics, what he did. "I can't be bothered myself and I imagine neither can you. We have more productive things to be doing than exchanging meaningless words for hours on end, beating around bushes and playing games."

"Politics are productive, even if I don't have the patience for them," he said, because he'd never look down on that. Not with all the help he needed to get in regards to the subject. Besides, he was fairly sure Ravel would do something drastic if he didn't say something. Something like telling Yasaka and the others. That wouldn't end well for him.

"Professor Davis?" a valkyrie off to the side called shyly and he realized that it was Rossweisse, interestingly. She seemed very reluctant to do so, but that might have something to do with her grandmother standing right beside him. Joshua nevertheless nodded and approached her. "I just… had a few doubts about this spell. The only problem I can think of is in this specific ring of runes, but I've triple checked it and I can't find the issue," the valkyrie explained, gathering courage.

He looked at the rune rings she'd written, applying what little knowledge he had on the subject to try and see if he could find the problem directly. If not, he could take guesses or try to read a pattern in the failure results. Spell failures were random, yes, but random in the same way gacha were random. Most of the time, there was some measure of predictability with what a failure would do depending on where the mistake was.

They weren't dependable enough to be usable in any way, sadly, but they were dependable enough to tell something… sometimes. Especially in highly controlled situations such as the one he'd offered his students. It was why he'd offered them the chance, since he couldn't really help them much with the actual spellcrafting, being a novice in the runic system himself.

"Well, I know next to nothing, but this spot here looks odd to me," he commented, pointing to a spot in a completely different ring from the one Rossweisse had mentioned. "If not that, then maybe analyse if there's any consistency in the spell failure result. We can check it if you think this is done well," he told her, running his fingers through his hair and preparing to actually do some teacher work.

"Yes. Thank you, Professor Davis," she said and he was surprised none of the valkyries, especially Rossweisse herself, reacted in any way to him talking about the runic system. Even if he'd prefaced with the fact that he was new, he'd expected some kind of reaction. 'Valkyries are much more polite than my usual classes,' he thought to himself with a slight grin.

[}-o-{]​

Next order of business, while Friday had fun poking at the new ideas for the Bubble, was some more work on other branches of Project Silence. In that particular instance, it was Extraction, which was the branch that dealt with taking a piece of the Gap and moving it somewhere else. Where? That was still up in the air, but it could either be an isolated space created by Joshua's magic or – being tentatively and very warily considered – giving Dimension Lost a slight push like he'd done with Issei and get Georg to use his Balance Breaker, Dimension Create.

He didn't think he trusted the guy that much, but if it was an option and it could work… Well, he'd done riskier things already in the name of chances. He had a feeling he might do worse as time passed and the deadline got closer. He was aware, but it wasn't like there was much else he could do. Especially if things didn't progress as fast.

He might have to indulge some of the ideas that had his partners going for a resolute "no" every time he brought them up.

As it was, Joshua was inside the Gap, trying to use magic to manipulate… the void, or whatever weird ass element filled the entire space. There were some parallels with Bubble, but Extraction could also include just pushing a bunch of it out of a hole – maybe made by his new progress with Project Spear or through Dimension Lost – towards whatever destination they had in mind. It was a matter of finding the method that worked best for his goal…

Or that worked at all, since he hadn't gotten to that part yet.

'It's taking entirely too long to figure out what the fuck fills this place,' Joshua thought with a grimace. He'd been working on it for a while, but he didn't feel any more inclined towards either the void theory or the element theory. 'Please tell me it's not some eldritch combination of both things,' he pleaded to whatever ROB might be out there listening in.

If it really was, then he'd be annoyed, very much so.

'... Wait, did that work?' he thought, pausing his long, consecutive string of spell tests. He'd been kind of mindlessly casting, checking results and noting them down. He wasn't even expecting anything to work anymore. The fact that he was a little tired and so done with that work already might have helped with that. He was snapped back to things when he noticed a weird shift because of his spell though.

'Ok, I'm getting some tea whenever I get back,' he noted idly, slowly casting the spell again. Sure enough, there was an odd shift there, not in the Gap but in the spell. It wasn't collapsing or failing. No, it was kind of the odd perception that one got seeing through hot air or maybe a disturbed water surface. The spell "wobbled", for lack of a better term, before eventually fizzling out. 'Interesting, very interesting,' he thought, taking a deep breath in and eventually moving on after recasting that a few times and noticing that the effect repeated itself.

He was definitely coming back to that one though.

Nothing else stood out from that test session, unfortunately, but one sort-of success was better than none. And besides, it wasn't like the failures didn't help in their own way. Every bit of information was useful, even if he'd rather things go well. So long as he didn't find himself hitting his head against the wall like when he'd first started with Project Silence, Joshua would be happy. Or happier, at least.

"Ok, let's go back," he said, his body relaxing once he took the first step back to his home. "See you around," he added then, waving dismissively towards Georg. The man didn't say anything as he walked away and Joshua didn't care for it, really. He had stuff in his mind, so he just walked to the table where he usually worked on stuff and sat down. Maybe he'd even be mostly done when Kunou finished with her classes and came to do her homework.

'The wobble though… what was that about?' he wondered, tapping his pencil on the notebook page for a long moment. 'Maybe it actually interacted with the Gap, just not well enough or the right way…' he mused, slowly starting to write down ideas. Most of them sounded far off the mark, but nothing could be outright dismissed when it came to the Gap.

"Dad?" a voice greeted and he blinked, looking up and smiling. The look on Kunou's face gave him pause though, because there was something weird about her at that very moment. Her eyes had widened a little in a strange surprised expression. Also, she wasn't looking at him per se, but a little up. "Why is your hair black again?" she asked.

And Joshua's brain had to reboot, because that was about the last thing he'd expected to hear.

Sure enough, once he checked, he realized that, indeed, the magic he'd used to turn his hair blonde had vanished at some point. 'The Gap, but why and why now instead of any other time?' he wondered to himself, curious. That was one weird side effect to suffer from, especially after a while going there. He was pretty sure he should have noticed if it were the normal Gap erosion. Maybe one of his spells had done something odd when it failed?

"An experiment, I guess," he commented, turning to give Kunou an apologetic smile. "Sorry about that," he added, more seriously. After all, he'd dyed it to better resemble her when she'd been a bit… touchy about differences between them. Besides, he kind of liked the look and it made Kunou happy. It had become his new normal at some point, without him even realizing. "I'll change it back-" Joshua started, before pausing.

Kunou had approached him while his mind wandered and she reached to touch his hair gingerly. He was almost worried if not for how… oddly calm the girl looked. After running her fingers through it for about a minute, he saw her smile.

"You can keep it like this if you want," she mumbled shyly. "You don't have to change it back."

"It's no bother, Kunou, I promise," he told her with a grin, but she shook her head.

"You changed it for me, but I don't mind… Not anymore," she said, moving to sit on his lap, leaning against his chest and fidgeting with his family locket. "You're my dad," she added, as if that explained everything… and it kind of did, he supposed.

"I am," he replied, hugging her against his body. "I love you," he added, kissing the top of her hair and getting a giggle out of her.

"I love you too, dad."

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Lots of looks into the voi- I mean, into Joshua's projects… or are those the same thing? Even I don't know anymore, honestly. Couldn't leave the chapter without some fluff though, obviously, and Professor!Davis makes an appearance once again. I feel like it's been a while, but my memory's not great so…

Either way, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Have I ever asked what color your hair is? Mine is boring brown.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 155 others
Adrian King
Oct 14, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 208 - Wanting It All, but It’s Never Enough New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 21, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,211
Wanting It All, but It's Never Enough

'Two weeks gone, two weeks left.'

Those words kept repeating in Joshua's mind from the moment he woke up. Hell, they'd haunted him since the moment he went to sleep the previous night, barely letting him rest. His eyelids felt heavy, but they had nothing on the weight he felt on his shoulders. He went through the motions all the same though, his mind half on it and half on the realization that half his time was gone already.

Cooking breakfast gave him something to do at the unreasonably early hour he'd woken up at and being busy helped him calm down the smallest bit. He was pretty sure that was why Yasaka hadn't kept him in bed and tried to get him to sleep some more. He didn't believe for a second that she hadn't woken up. He was also sure that she hadn't followed him because she knew he'd just feel guilty and he needed a bit to get himself together.

She probably was going to join in soon, he'd bet.

'Two weeks gone, two weeks left.'

His hands shook a little, halfway through cooking, but he soldiered through.

He'd made a lot of progress, he tried to tell himself. He'd made so much progress, actually. He was pioneering in something that people thought was beyond miracles. Even more so than the stuff he'd done in the past. He was doing something absolutely insane and at a level of impossibility that left Project Phoenix and even Ascension looking like they were a piece of cake…

But none of that really helped him feel any better.

It didn't matter how great his accomplishments were, none of those meant anything. Ophis wouldn't care that he was doing crazy good, all things considered. She wanted results and she wouldn't give a single fuck about anything else. He doubted she realized the magnitude of… anything, really. She just asked for what she wanted and that was that. It was direct, straightforward…

And crazy, for sure.

Joshua wasn't even sure what he felt. Terrified sounded like a good guess, but he wondered if that encompassed how absolutely desperate he was growing to feel those days. He'd made progress, a lot of it, but none of it felt anywhere near enough. Hell, he felt even further from his goal than when he'd started. He knew the Gap was going to be difficult, but every passing day it felt harder instead of easier.

'I know that I know nothing.'

He didn't think he'd truly understood that quote until those days, if he were honest. Because the more he learned, the more he realized the true scope of the task he'd taken on. The deadline was just the horrible cherry on top of his despair cake, truly. Joshua didn't know what to do with himself anymore.

'Two weeks gone, two weeks left.'

It didn't feel like enough time. Not at all. Not with how his projects were advancing. If he were to have some great breakthrough, maybe, but he couldn't rely on that. It felt even less likely considering the deadline and how he kept pushing. Maybe it didn't make sense, but those things made him feel like it was less likely that he'd just stumble on the answer to everything.

And he didn't trust luck to not fuck him over.

"Everything alright?" he heard and he blinked, realizing that he'd already finished cooking and everything was arranged on the island where they all had breakfast together before everyone went to do their own thing. He wondered how long he'd just been… standing there, his hands resting on the edge of the counter like it'd help him carry the weight on his back more easily. "Someone went all out," Yasaka said and when he looked up he saw her at least pretending to be looking at the feast he'd prepared in his attempts to keep himself occupied.

"You know me," he replied, his attempt at sounding casual much worse than hers, but then again, who would have expected differently? "Always an overachiever," he added, and he could almost hear both his parents snorting at that somewhere back in his old world or the afterlife or both.

Why did he think of them then, he wondered. Maybe it was the less than ideal state of mind, or maybe it was because he'd been looking at the pictures in the family locket with Kunou the previous day. All the same, the moment was tinged with despair more than grief and loss that time and he was not surprised at all. He'd lost one family already, he didn't want to lose another.

Least of all if it happened because he wasn't good enough.

He'd already failed, disappointed one family. He thought he'd been doing well enough with the one he'd found, but maybe that had just been wishful thinking. Maybe he was destined to fall short, even with a System and talent and everything else he'd been given for his second chance.

Why couldn't he ever be good enough?

Joshua had thought he left his failure self behind.

He had been wrong.

"You're in your head," Yasaka said, and he blinked to return back to the present, seeing the youkai woman standing next to him then. She leaned in and gave him a chaste, soft kiss on the lips. More of a caress than anything, or so he felt. "That's not new, but I feel like this is different from the usual," she added, equal parts fond and worried, somehow.

"I'm worried," he admitted, because as much as his partners would let him feel like he could lie to them sometimes, they never did when it was important. And they always knew when it was important, somehow. "Only two weeks left," he said out loud, and that somehow made the entire thing more scary, more real.

He didn't even know if he had as much time as he thought he did. He'd told Ophis a month, but what did Ophis consider a month? 31 days? 30 days? 28 days? Four weeks? How would she count the weeks? Hell, for all he knew, the dragon might just decide to drop by and demand his results at an arbitrary day or a month from some other calendar he might not even know about.

And that was all under the assumption that Ophis even stuck to the deal.

"It'll be fine," Yasaka told him, kissing him again as if that would scare the worries away.

And, more miraculously than anything he'd ever pulled off, it worked.

[}-o-{]​

Project Silence: Room.

It was the project that attempted to replicate the Dimensional Gap and one that Joshua hadn't touched in a while, really. Mostly he'd worked on tangential spells related to it, really. Admittedly, that was because he was trying to have all the stuff he might need to know about the voidspace before going for it. He couldn't very well try to make something he didn't know all the details about.

Now though, even if he was still falling short, Joshua needed to start trying to get some stuff done. He didn't know when Ophis could drop and that meant that he had to have something to try and show her if she did, even if he supposedly still had time. Something would be better than nothing and there was a chance that it could be enough, even if he didn't think so himself.

Nothing was very clear about the "job" he'd taken on and that was like half the reason why he was as worried as he was. There was a lot of guessing and assuming involved in the entire thing. If Joshua could manage, he was definitely going to try and get things more clear next time, hopefully with less panic involved.

He was really hoping for that, truth be told.

Back to the matter at hand though…

"Let's get this show on the road," he mumbled under his breath and Georg probably didn't even hear him, but Kokabiel might. The former was there in case they needed help containing things if they went out of control. Like, in case Joshua was too successful in his endeavors. He didn't think that was likely, but he was taking no chances.

The latter was there to test his level of success. He knew that the Gap reacted in a specific way to Kokabiel, after all. Although, he did think that might be Great Red's influence on things. One way or another, it'd give him information to work with to see if the fallen's presence caused anything to happen.

Turning his attention away from the two, he got to work. Spells were cast and arrays were arranged. Slowly, he emptied the room of everything he could. Little by little, he created a void of his own, with nothing in it, no matter, no magic, no nothing. If he could sense it, he'd done his best to erase it from that one room.

There were some stumbles along the way. Some spells didn't interact well together – how one mishap had ended up with the room full of water, he didn't know – and some arrays crumbled on themselves – which meant he had to find another room when the one he'd been trying to work on melted –, which all made for a very frustrating time for Joshua. It was a good thing that he hadn't tried that with a room at Yasaka's place or his place and had gotten some isolated spot instead.

At the end of that day, and several improvised fixes to some of the spells, he had something to show for it. If that something was good, Joshua couldn't have known, but he had something. He'd work on it more as time passed, but there was something to present Ophis if she dropped by and that was… not good enough, but better than nothing.

His mind felt like a mess, but it was a little reassuring to have something, even if it felt like he'd just made a school project with only pieces of cardboard and duct tape for something that'd be 100% of his grade. Not very reassuring at all, but it was better than not having anything to show at all. 'My mind really is a mess,' he thought. Even his analogies were getting weird, he felt.

Or maybe it was just him, he didn't know.

He almost wished Ophis would drop by already, just to get it over with and stop suffering. Almost, but not quite, obviously. If at all possible, he'd rather have the time… but if he was going to fail in the end, maybe he'd take the easy way out instead of torturing himself. Joshua thought like that for all of a few seconds before remembering that it wasn't all bad. He did spend time with his family and friends and all that in between torturous work, after all.

"... Not enough," he thought, looking around when he stepped out of the room, clicking his tongue. It didn't feel anything like the Gap yet. Maybe it was the improvisations or maybe it was because his current void goal wasn't voidy enough or whatever. He'd have to work down both lines of thinking just in case for the next bout of spellcasting for the project. "Step in," he told Kokabiel and the fallen nodded and did just that.

Joshua pretended not to see the way he squared his shoulders the smallest bit or the short breath in he took before crossing the door. It wasn't worth anything to mock the fallen nor was it going to help his admittedly ruined mood those days. He wanted to focus on working and getting things done. He didn't have time to relax unless it was time off with the people he loved.

He needed to give his all, or he'd never forgive himself.

He tilted his head as he considered the information he was getting because of Kokabiel. Then he looked at Georg by his side and nodded to make him go in too. He did so without so much as a thought to question and Joshua appreciated that a lot.

Maybe he'd do something nice for the guy if they were alive after Ophis' visit.

Maybe.

Probably not.

[}-o-{]​

Project Silence: Copy.

That was the one he set up after Room and it was… basically the same thing, really. Except, instead of trying to recreate the Gap itself, he was trying to recreate the Gap's effects. So, the room wasn't going to be a void, but it'd be an illusion of the Gap, sort of. Sort of, because he had to actively recreate the erosion and other things, for example, or the entire thing would fall apart.

It was trickier, but it afforded him the chance to not fail miserably because he'd focused too hard on the void or trying to recreate whatever mysterious and elusive element might fill the Gap. He had no idea where to go on the latter front and he couldn't afford to assume that meant the former was the right choice. So, it was nice to have an option that covered both bases… or at least tried to.

So, that's what he tried to do, which turned out to be way trickier than trying to completely empty a room of… well, everything. He already knew that though, of course. He'd come across problems way before that day. The Gap was so hostile that most of the spells he'd tried so far that mimicked it ended up consuming themselves or other spells without any chance of him being able to contain or control them.

The version he'd managed to make work wasn't great. It was like a discount, Dimensional Gap at home, sort of deal. However, it was better than having nothing at all.

Joshua realized that he was thinking that a lot.

He was not happy about it.

It'd have to do. Another option. A terrible one, for sure, but an option all the same and he needed all the options he could possibly get his hands on. Maybe one of them would work, no matter how low the chances. He was that desperate, especially with every day that passed.

He could almost feel time slipping through his fingers as he pressed on.

Joshua wasn't happy about that either.

He tried not to think too much about that, however. He tried to keep his mind on the projects, on his work, on ideas. Because he needed to keep going. He couldn't afford to think about other things when he was supposed to be trying to save himself and, more importantly, the people he loved. He couldn't afford to be afraid or nervous or unsure.

Everyone needed him to be the guy with the answers, with the solutions. They needed him to put something together so that they'd be able to go on with their lives. They needed to be able to rely on him, because if he couldn't do what needed to be done, if he couldn't roll with the ball, then they were all dead.

Dead.

"I love you."

Dead.

"I'm proud of you."

Dead.

Cold.

De-

"Joshua?"

He blinked, feeling like his head had been pulled out of water when he hadn't even realized he was about to drown. The breath he took in then and there felt like stepping out and finally getting some fresh air. His body felt stiff though and he couldn't do anything about it even though he knew it. Even trying to actively relax felt off, hard, borderline painful.

"Joshua."

He turned his head feeling like he wasn't himself. Jeanne stood there and she looked worried and he felt all the more worthless for it. She reached for him though, and the warmth of her hand on his arm felt grounding, like finally getting flat, solid ground when he'd been climbing the steepest, most fragile mountain in the world.

"Are you alright?"

No.

"Yeah," he said, lying through his teeth, and he could tell that she believed him about as much as he'd have expected. "Yeah, I'm alright," he insisted all the same, forcing his body to relax, no matter how much he didn't feel relaxed even then. He needed to look less like he was a mess. Jeanne needed him to be strong at that moment, and if he could fool her, then he'd be able to fool Kunou, which was just as, if not more, important.

"It'll be alright, Josh," his sister said and he wanted to believe her. He wanted to believe that so much it hurt. Never had he related to the phrase "hope hurts" so much in his life.

He was finding that a lot of quotes and phrases made a lot more sense those days.

"I wish I could believe that," he replied without being able to stop the words from spilling out of his mouth. God, he was fucking useless. "I really do," he admitted, because his dumb brain had already betrayed him, so what was a little more on top of that anyway?

"It doesn't matter," she told him with a soft smile. "I'll believe for the both of us," she added and he snorted. "It'll be fine," she insisted and he looked at her more intently, as if trying to find an answer to why she believed that. She must have read that on his face, because she smiled a little wider. "You always pull it off in the end."

"I don't know if I can this time," he said, feeling so small and weak. It reminded him of the Hunter's basement, being strapped to a chair and unable to do anything while someone else had his life in their hands. Being powerless was something Joshua knew all too well, despite what others might think considering what his life had turned into.

He'd been powerless so long that it'd been all he knew for a while.

He thought he'd left that behind.

Maybe he hadn't.

"I believe in you."

And as he looked at the absolute belief in Jeanne's face, Joshua decided that he could at least pretend he wasn't useless, even to himself.

[}-o-{]​

Bubble and Extraction were trickier, since Joshua couldn't really make a half-finished version of either. Hell, Bubble was straight out not at all possible to make permanent as of that moment. Any spell he set up would eventually crumble without any sources of energy to maintain it. For one, there were no leylines that he could use to maintain the thing without input. For another, he couldn't even really try and visit regularly to re-power the thing, because every time they went on a trip to the Gap, they'd appear in a different spot.

He'd noticed by making two quick trips and leaving something behind in the first one.

Nothing had been there, and he was sure the Gap couldn't have consumed the thing that fast. So, Joshua figured either time passed drastically differently in the Gap, which he hadn't found any solid proof of so far, or space was the one that was a little wonky, which would track, in his opinion. That was interesting, admittedly, but it was mainly a pain in the ass too. Joshua was starting to wonder if the Gap was just being troublesome on purpose, because it felt like every time something started going Joshua's way, the place would do something to screw him over and set him back a bunch of steps.

The point was that he couldn't set up something permanent in the Gap, not yet at least. He also didn't have anything that could push the still theoretical Gap element out to fill a room with. So, yeah, Bubble and Extraction were on stand by at the moment.

'What does that make?' he thought to himself, tapping on his notebook with his pencil.

Project Silence: Bubble, Temporary, Requires setting up, Prototype.

Project Silence: Extraction, In Development.

Project Silence: Room, Permanent, Prototype.

Project Silence: Copy, Permanent, Prototype.

That's what he had at the moment, after weeks and lots of work. It wasn't ideal, not by a long shot, but he had something. Much better than what he'd had when he'd started out and had no idea what to even do. Now he just needed to build upon all of those, improve them – or actually make them work, in Extraction's case, if it was even possible – and then…

And then he could only continue to hope.

Not the most reassuring of situations, but Joshua had survived worse, he supposed. That wasn't any better, if anyone asked him, but he'd have to make do with the circumstances he was given. No matter how much he complained, after all, he'd still have to buckle up and deal with things.

At least he was no longer the Joshua from back in his old world, scared of trying, hiding in his room because it was easier to shut out everything rather than risk failure and pain. He was no longer the kid his parents had to look out for and comfort. They weren't there anymore. It was Joshua that needed to be that person now, because there were a lot of people relying on him and…

And it was scary, scary as anything had ever been.

But it was also… nice.

A part of Joshua liked that he was reliable, that his family felt safe because he was there. It was terrifying, because the risk of failure was there, so very real. But it also made him incredibly proud of himself and he wondered if that was wrong somehow. He wasn't too bothered though. What was that compared to all the things he'd done that he knew were wrong?

"Are things going well?"

"For a definition of well," he answered with a sigh, his shoulders dropping as he turned to look at Yasaka. "I have some things ready just in case but… They don't feel good enough," he admitted, feeling every bit the failure he'd been before he got good. He felt like the man that had trembled and begged in a maniac's basement. He felt like the man that had his life crumble around him after his parents died. He felt like the kid that had hid in his own room, in fantasy worlds, because people were scary.

Once a failure, always a failure, Joshua guessed.

"You might not be reassured, but I am," the woman told him, sitting beside him. "It's the two weeks, isn't it? That's why you feel worse," she guessed, hitting the nail on the head so well he almost flinched. "We believe in you, Joshua."

"I know that," he said, looking at his notebook instead of the woman herself. "I thought I was beyond doubting myself, especially when it came to magic. I thought I was getting better."

"You never get over fears, insecurities, not really. I would know," Yasaka replied and he took a deep breath in and managed to make his eyes find her again. "I'm afraid you'll leave," she admitted and it looked like she struggled, the smallest bit, which for Yasaka might as well be her physically forcing the words like pulling teeth. "Sometimes, you won't be there when I expect you to be, and a small part of me will wonder if that was it, if you'll disappear."

Like he did, went unsaid, but he picked up on it all the same. Joshua wasn't the most socially capable guy around, but even he could get that. Before he could manage to string a thought together though, the woman continued. He wondered if she'd done that on purpose, interrupting his attempt at talking.

"I know you won't, but I can't help it," she told him, staring intently into his eyes. "So you're allowed to doubt anything, me, us, yourself, so long as you allow yourself to believe too," she told him and he wondered if knowing exactly what to say came from being old or a faction leader. He wasn't going to ask, of course, because he wasn't dumb, but still.

"I guess I can try to do that," he mumbled with a slight smile that widened when she leaned on his side, resting her head on his shoulder. And from there, he continued working, Yasaka's presence calming his nerves the smallest bit.

But that was enough for him.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, I have no idea how the thought "I should let the readers know how much time has passed" turned into a whole chapter, but I'm not really complaining. I do feel like it might be a bit much, but the Muse will do as the Muse wants, always, no matter what I think. So, I guess we'll just have to accept that and move on.

I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter though.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Did you do anything interesting this last weekend? All I did was actually go out of the house for once and meet some friends for the first time in forever. Honestly, I feel like I'm becoming more and more introverted and socially awkward as time passes.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 138 others
Adrian King
Oct 21, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 209 - Running with No Brakes New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Oct 28, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,234
Running with No Brakes

[Joshua Davis]

"I feel like I sucked more than usual," Joshua commented, only for Serafall to splash some of her water on her hand and then on his face. He twitched at that, but other than that he only gave the devil a flat stare. In hindsight though, maybe he should have seen that one coming.

"No dumb comments," she said, eyes narrowed. "And you did fine~" she reassured, her expression shifting into a beaming smile all too easily. It sometimes made him doubt how real it was, but he often found himself surprised that he was fairly sure that it was, indeed, authentic. Then again, maybe that was just him doing his best to believe his partners. God knew they all could easily lie to his face and he'd be none the wiser if they really put their all behind it.

"If you say so," he replied weakly, taking a gulp from his own water bottle and looking around. Nobody had said anything about his acting for Serafall's show, so he guessed it couldn't have been that bad. He'd even tried to spot lies, in case Serafall had put them all up to that.

He'd actually planned on not doing any work for Serafall's show while he worked on the Silence projects, but the woman had insisted on getting some stuff done. Fair's fair though, she had asked for him to use the time he'd otherwise dedicate to dates and time for her on it. Her show was even, for the first time in years apparently, going through a slower release rate to account for the lesser amount of hours he could dedicate to it.

Joshua was still trying to figure out why the thing meant so much for Serafall, if he was honest, but ultimately he guessed it didn't really matter. Everyone needed a hobby, and he kind of liked participating in Serafall's, so everyone won. Although, he had some doubts about his acting through his time working to bring Silence to Ophis, because his mind was very clearly not all there and he was fairly sure it was impacting his acting.

"Don't worry about it, Joshua," the Satan told him, not pouting nor childishly optimistic. Instead, her voice came out reassuring, soft and warm. "Even if things don't come out perfect, we can work on it in editing and other stuff. Leave it to the crew. It's more work for them, but that's why I pay them," she explained to him, getting more and more back into her Levia-tan persona the more she spoke, finishing by sticking her tongue out.

"That's good to hear," he said with a weak smile. It really was too, because at least then he wouldn't need to worry about potentially screwing up her show. He knew how important it was, after all, even if, again, he didn't know why. "If there's anything else you wanna do though, please let me know once this is all over," he added, leaning back on his chair, his eyes locking on anything other than Serafall.

He was more comfortable around them and loved them very much, but that didn't mean Joshua wasn't still very awkward at times. Especially when he was feeling a little insecure about… There was a lot to be insecure about when it comes to his relationships, not the least of which being the fact that he was in several of those, admittedly.

So, that was why he found himself glancing around the set for the show, watching as they recorded a scene that didn't involve either Serafall or Joshua himself while they rested. Although, he suspected that might be by design, arranged so that they can spend some one on one time "by themselves", as it were. He wasn't complaining, of course, but he was curious to know.

"Why though?" Serafal asked, eyebrows raised although something in her expression tells him that she already has a good guess. A guess that was probably right, since they almost seemed like mind readers to Joshua at times, even though he knew they couldn't do that… if only on account of his Mind Resistance skill.

"To go if we survive the end of the month," he answered. It had been something he'd been thinking those days, as the guilt of having to push almost everything and everyone away while he worked grew. "I'll have Ravel keep my schedule open even after that's over. I'll probably need to continue working on it even if I get a better deal, but if Ophis is happy with the end of the month… Well, I want to make up for things. I'll probably take it easy, no Khaos and less tinkering for a while."

"When we survive the end of the month," Serafall corrected and he smiled at her. He appreciated the vote of confidence, truly he did. He just didn't share the sentiment. "And I thought you liked tinkering."

"I do… but I want a break after all this," he explained with a shrug, taking another sip from his water bottle. "I feel like I'm starting to hate picking up the books and the notes. Taking it easy and spending time with people I love sounds great right about now," he added, smile in place and widening when Serafall beamed at him.

"I have a few ideas," she replied. However, a moment later, the grin faltered the smallest bit, but enough for him to notice. When he raised an eyebrow at her though, the Satan hesitated for a moment. "I thought… maybe you could come with me to another gala happening next month, but I know that's not really your scene and you said you want to relax, so maybe after-"

"I'll go," he interrupted, giving her a slight smile that he hoped convened how he felt on the matter. "If you want me to go, I'll go. I don't mind… Just don't leave me to the sharks."

"Deal," she said and the smile she gave him, together with the slight pink dusting on her cheeks, made all the suffering he'd go through in the gala worth it.

[}-o-{]​

[Penemue]

"Joshua hasn't come in a while," Azazel said and she immediately was anticipating a headache coming her way. Nothing good for her would come out of that topic, after all. It didn't help that the man should know the answer. She'd given her the report herself.

"We were told he wouldn't be as available as he's been for a month," she dutifully told him all the same, because what else could she do. She might have had questions – a lot of questions, admittedly –, but there was a difference between that and actively acting on her thoughts… Although, the distance between both things was getting shorter and shorter in her head, she was noticing.

"He was already coming very sparingly," Azazel said and, for once, a crack appeared in his easy-going act. He was annoyed, she could tell. There was an edge to his voice and tension to his posture.

Good.

"There is a reason for that," Penemue said as diplomatically as she could. Although, it probably wasn't quite as much as it would have been if she hadn't had to be the one to deal with that particular mess while her boss stuck his head in the sand. "We weren't given a reason for this change, but I suspect it's unrelated to us." The 'this time' went unsaid, of course.

"Hm," the man hummed, looking down at his notes. His expression told Penemue that he wasn't continuing to tinker though. He was actually thinking about the situation. That was a huge improvement over how things had been so far, as far as Penemue was concerned. "Do we know anything about what it could be?"

"All that I've gathered is that Davis has pulled back on a lot of people, not only us. His time teaching at House of Water was cut down dramatically, for one. Lady Leviathan's show seems to have slowed its release rate too, which doesn't happen often so that's worth noting too. He has been seen a lot less in general," she informed quickly. The report could have been more in depth and through, but she'd learned to give Azazel summarized versions. The man was smart enough to put things together or ask for the specific information he might need. "His allies have been gathering information regarding the Dimensional Gap too."

That last bit of information seemed to catch Azazel's attention completely, which Penemue expected. She was no genius like Davis or Azazel himself, but she knew that something had to be going on there. And nothing involving the Dimensional Gap would be a small matter. No, Davis had found himself in yet another big deal and Penemue was so tempted to try and pull strings on the man's side.

Alas, she knew how fragile those were, even with all the effort she'd put into easing the tension between her faction and Davis'.

"Interesting…" her boss mumbled, leaning back on his chair. "We can get some information in regards to that. We do have a deal, even if Joshua seems intent on pushing the limits of it," he said and there was the headache she'd seen coming.

Why did Azazel not realize that he was pushing away a powerful ally? Why did he insist on acting like everything was fine? Did he think that treating Joshua as if he were throwing a tantrum would help?

Penemue didn't have any answers.

She did have guesses though and they… didn't really help matters. Because her best guess was that Azazel was too invested in Vali, he cared too much and it was clouding his judgement. He wanted things to go well for Vali, so he was closing his eyes to issues.

Because if things weren't fine, then Vali would truly be in danger.

Foolish, some might think, but Azazel had basically cornered himself. If he gave up his aggravating act, then it'd all but mean giving up on Vali. The situation just didn't have an out where the Lucifer spawn wasn't going to face consequences of his actions. Penemue knew, or at least suspected, that Azazel wouldn't let that happen.

The problem was that Azazel was facing someone that wouldn't bend. He was dealing with someone that he couldn't talk or negotiate with. The same way he was stubbornly clinging to Vali, Joshua was clinging to his own family. The clash there was inevitable as soon as Vali had pulled off his insane stunt, unfortunately, and they had been on the wrong side of it.

Penemue wished she could go back in time and smack Azazel for going along with that attack to plant the sorry excuse of a spy that Vali was. She knew, by then, the many issues there were with that plan. Not the least of which being that Vali made for a terrible spy and wasn't helping alleviate the situation at all.

Alas, Azazel had made their beds for all of them.

Now they had to lie in them, whether they wanted to or not.

"I'd suggest against pressing this issue, sir," she replied, keeping her expression and tone professional. She grew nervous as she considered that too, because if Azazel did decide to press things… it wouldn't end well, for him and for anyone else. They weren't in a position where they could afford to antagonize more than Azazel's "approach" already was.

"... Alright," her boss replied after a tense moment of silence. Penemue could tell he wasn't happy with it, but she couldn't figure out what he thought would be a better idea? Was he frustrated and wanted to do something?

Well, he was welcome to the club then.

"Can you send me one of the one month appointments, Penemue?" Azazel asked then and she had to make an herculean effort not to let her expression shift. Then, she had to make a second one to keep her voice steady.

"Of course, sir," she said, turning and leaving with the implied dismissal.

And as she moved, she considered that. She considered it again when she got to the Artificial Sacred Gear training facility and called for the appointment Azazel wanted. He liked to make check ups on his creations and their holders every so often, like after a month, for example.

It was impossible not to see the frustration in the faces of the nearby fallen, her kin. Penemue would have had to be blind… or be Azazel. Because he seemed like the only fallen that didn't know how precarious their faction's situation was

After all, everyone knew Davis was giving both angel sides wings. Everyone knew Heaven was getting more of those than Grigori. And, similarly, everyone knew the reason why was Azazel and his fumbles. There was no doubt how everyone knew either, at least as far as Penemue was concerned.

Inevitably, she had to wonder how long things would last before something gave.

She needed to do something.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

"Mr. Davis," a voice called, but he ignored it, idly going over his work some more. He was tinkering with an idea to improve on one of the things he'd had to "compromise" regarding Project Copy. He was also fairly sure it'd work, surprisingly enough.

He was trying not to be too optimistic though.

"Mr. Davis."

Besides that, he had thought about something he could apply to Project Room while he was spellcrafting that. So, Joshua was very tentatively happy with how the day was going. Really, he could count on one hand the number of good days he'd had since Ophis' surprise visit. At least, when it came to his work, of course.

"Joshua."

"Yeah?" he asked, looking up and holding back a grin when faced with Ravel's pout. She should know by then to call him by his first name when they weren't in a professional setting, even if she was working. It wasn't even like it was the first time she called him that or anything. She'd done so naturally and easily in the past already.

Sometimes though, her inner stick-in-the-mud came out, he supposed.

"You're mean," she mumbled, still pouting as she fidgeted with her notepad. "I'm trying to do my job, you know?" the girl asked, eyes narrowed. She could only sigh, however, when he just stared at her with a slight smile. "Be that way. Penemue called and said Azazel might be getting a little impatient."

Taking a deep breath in, Joshua summoned a log across the room from him and then Setan Kober. The dagger in his hand flew at the improvised target almost immediately. While the Demonic and Holy daggers didn't much like being used for anything other than sparring and actual fighting, Joshua had found that Setan Kober also tolerated being used as… a stress reliever of sorts.

Those days, he had to deal with a lot of negative emotions and throwing the dagger at something was a nice enough outlet for that kind of thing. At least when he didn't have other options, like then and there. Turned out Setan Kober could appreciate some controlled raging, apparently.

Joshua wasn't sure it was a good thing that he'd found that out.

"That man really likes to test my patience," Joshua growled, pulling the dagger back to him with a strand of magic and throwing it again as he considered the situation. He couldn't do much more to Azazel, unfortunately, not without majorly impacting his faction and Joshua didn't want to do that.

The fallen were allies, much as he wanted to smack Azazel around. If nothing else he knew he'd help with Khaos and other issues. The problem was that he was barely an ally. Barely was the key word there and it made all the difference. Because he didn't trust Azazel for much else other than being on their side.

He hadn't told the man about Ophis for one, he hadn't gone to ask for help, or any other kind of dealing with Grigori. Joshua just didn't know what Azazel could do. He was a Wild Card in the worst way, because as far as Joshua was concerned, the Governor could pull another stunt like he did with Vali to set him as a spy, or worse.

"He does seem to make… questionable choices," Ravel replied, ever the diplomat. "Should I tell her anything in particular?"

"... Can you coordinate with her so that we can maybe not ruin the tentative alliance we have with Grigori? With her and everyone else, of course," he answered after a moment, rubbing his eyelids tiredly. Everyone else meant Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel, maybe even Agnes and others that he hadn't directly interacted with. They were the politicians. He was just a guy that was good at magic, he had no business actively participating in any of that mess.

If he did, he was sure he'd find a way to make things worse.

"Will do, sir," Ravel replied with a nod. Not a second later, she was already scribbling away at her notepad. She'd handle it. She was a kid way too smart, after all, and even if she couldn't handle it, someone else would help her do so. The benefit of having very dependable allies.

Joshua thanked his lucky stars for having them every single day.

God knew he'd be screwed without them.

"Was there anything else?" he asked, leaning back even as he kept throwing and pulling back the dagger.

"Not at this very moment, sir," Ravel answered and he had half a mind to mess with her for all the sir's. He'd already done something in that vein before though, so he guessed he could let her be for the moment… "Kunou is finishing her classes in half an hour, however. I'd suggest you prepare yourself, sir," the Phenex added and he grinned at the slightly warmer, casual tone in her voice.

"I guess Koneko'll probably pop up soon. You want any snacks, Ravel? I feel like making some."

"Well, if you're offering…"

[}-o-{]​

"I'm glad to see you're doing better," Gabriel commented and he breathed out through his nose, not quite amused but something similar. "You disagree?" the angel asked, raising a challenging eyebrow at him.

"Not necessarily," he replied, shaking his head even as he kept his attention almost fully on the notebook set in front of him. "It's difficult to stay down when there's so many people around to pick me up," he added as an explanation. He thought of everyone that had been around, that had helped, after the two weeks had come and gone and he'd been in a bit of a… mood.

He was still worried, more worried than before. There was no denying that he wasn't doing great, but he wasn't a mess. He was doing a little better, and that wasn't ideal, but it was enough. Joshua was settling less than he'd like a lot those days, but this was an instance that didn't bother him as much.

He appreciated them, all of them, his partners, his daughters, his sisters. All of them had done much for him to keep his sanity somewhat intact, or whatever remained of it, that is. He would probably be struggling a lot more to get things done if they weren't around, Joshua was sure.

"Happy to help," Gabriel replied with a smile that lit up the room… Almost literally. "Speaking of helping, are you sure you don't want a second opinion on your progress?" she asked then and he almost sighed. He'd had that conversation with her several times… and with Yasaka and Serafall too.

"I'm sure," he answered with a sigh. "Maybe after I'm a little more sure of things," he said and that seemed to catch her attention. He had been soundly denying their requests so far, but he could only be so stubborn before his better judgement got the better of him.

Joshua was reluctant to let them experience his spells though and he thought it was justified. There was a reason why even gods avoided the Gap like the plague. Not only was it just as hostile – if not more – to them as it was to anything else, but it also cut them off from their world, their domains. Yasaka couldn't go in there for more than a few seconds, and it strained her blessing from the Shinto pantheon too much to do so in any kind of repeated manner for the same reason why she couldn't leave Kyoto.

Serafall and Gabriel could go as much as they pleased, but that didn't mean they were eager to do so. They hated the place as much as anyone else did and they'd rather stay away from it. Joshua, for his part, was only too happy to allow them to do so.

If he didn't need to go, he'd probably have stayed far, far away from the Gap himself.

He wasn't even sure why though. Sure, the place was disorienting and dangerous, but it was more than that what kept things away. There was just something wrong, something that filled him with dread even thinking about going there, let alone what it felt like actually being there. It was like an Uncanny Valley feeling, but much, much worse.

A mystery for another time though, because Joshua thought it might just be a…

'Is it though? Is it only a byproduct of the void and the hostile nature?' he wondered then, eyes narrowed as he tilted his head. 'What if that feeling is part of it, like the hostile nature. Or part of the hostile nature itself, some kind of parallel attack. A physical one and a mental one. And if there's a mental aspect, there could be a soul aspect too. Maybe that's what sets it apart from a regular void.'

He considered all that and the more he thought it over, the more it seemed to make sense in his head. Why did the concept sound familiar though? He felt like he'd seen something like that before.

One way or the other, he had something in mind and work to do. Unfortunately, that didn't really help him know the way to get there, but he'd have to see how to approach that. Maybe generating the void itself would cause that to happen naturally, if he could get it to the proper level. If not, then it'd validate the idea of the unknown element… which Joshua hoped wasn't actually the truth, because that was the path he was struggling with the most.

"Had an idea?" Gabriel asked, only when he'd paused for a moment to gather his thoughts a bit.

"Yes," he confirmed simply with a nod. "I was going about the void physically, but I think there might be a mind and soul component to it too," he explained, even though he felt awkward doing so, since more often than not people didn't really have much to comment on what he did. Still, sometimes it helped to just give voice to things and his partners never even hinted that they'd rather he stop. "I'm trying to figure out if I need to add that in or if it'll come naturally, at least to Project Room."

"I see, but you do need to add it to Copy, right?" she asked and he almost beamed at her. It was always nice to know that they were, indeed, paying attention.

"Yeah, fair enough," he mumbled, scribbling a few things down on his notebook. "It'll be something to look into when it comes to Bubble too," he added afterwards as he considered his options. He had a bunch of new things to work on, all of a sudden, but he was hardly complaining. "I swear, if I don't fucking die making this thing, I'm gonna cut down so much tinkering time from my schedule. I feel sick just looking at books and notebooks these days."

"Will wonders never cease," Gabriel commented jokingly with that slight, beautiful smile of hers. "We'll make sure to remind you."

"Please do, this is killing me," Joshua replied with a wry grin.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Much as it might seem like the case, stuff is happening outside of Joshua's tinkering, even if he's pulled away from the world. What will that mean going forward? Even I don't know, and I'm not even joking. We'll just all have to see how any of that goes, and I don't just mean what's shown.

Muse doing Muse things, you guys know how it goes.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: So, people in the Discord server should be aware of this, but I recently stumbled into two plot bunnies that seem to be oddly compelling for no apparent reason. What'd you be more interested in me writing, a PJO fic or a Worm fic? (A small summary of these ideas can be found in the Discord server.)

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 138 others
Adrian King
Oct 28, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 210 - In a While Now I Will Feel Better New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Nov 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,255
In a While Now I Will Feel Better

Normally, when Joshua went to his cafe, he sat in a corner and focused on what he was supposed to be doing. Nobody really bothered him, since nobody really knew him. Sure, some Kuoh students and tangentially related people had seen him and they knew he existed, but none of them knew him, not really. Even the clients of the cafe knew him in passing, from the days when he worked there more. At most, they'd make the smallest of talks before carrying on with their own things.

He kind of missed those days though.

They were days in which Joshua was freer, had less responsibilities. He missed that; he missed being able to turn off his brain and just wait tables or prepare orders. It was something so small, but it was something he appreciated. It was also something grounding, because there was nothing magical or supernatural about it. It was normal, mortal, something that he could have done back in his old world too.

He didn't have much of that those days and he missed that too.

Back to the matter at hand, those days, Joshua would mostly just do his own thing and appreciate the atmosphere on occasion. However, there was a little something that caught his attention and gave him pause in his latest visit. Just when he'd been about to turn his gaze to the accursed books and notes that plagued his days ever since Ophis' visit, he noticed someone working at the cafe that was definitely new.

"Since when do they work here?" he asked when Sona approached his table. Not unexpected either, since she usually joined him, even if she worked on her own stuff on the other side of the table. Serafall thought that was positively adorable and he didn't necessarily disagree.

"Well," the Sitri girl started, looking up from her own pain, also known as paperwork. She then gave him a flat look and a raised eyebrow. "There's not much to do around town now that your spells take care of most of our previous duties," she explained and he blinked. That was… fair, but how did that translate to Akeno and at least one member of Sona's own peerage working in his cafe? He also had some doubts about some others.

It had been a while since he saw Sona's peerage, after all.

"There's only so much my peerage and I can do regarding the school," Sona continued and he turned towards her. Then he mimicked her previous actions with a raised eyebrow directed at what she'd brought with her. "This is, um," she mumbled then, surprising Joshua a lot when she blushed a little bit. "Getting a headstart with the Rating Game school," she added, looking away from him and a little down.

"Hm, so they're just killing time working here?" he asked, sparing her the embarrassment by getting the conversation back on track. Maybe another day though, he'd poke some fun at that. For the moment though, he wanted to satiate his curiosity so he could turn his mind back to his work properly afterwards.

"Yes," Sona confirmed with a nod. "Rias has been working to help her Bishop, since she can finally give him the focus he needs," she added then and he nodded slightly. Gasper, right. The poor guy had kind of fallen by the wayside with Joshua – and Rias, by the sound of it, at least in canon –, but in his defense, nobody had truly talked about him with Joshua.

Maybe once Valerie felt better, he'd try to nudge things a little to help both of them. As it was, the vampire wasn't doing so well yet, even if she was doing better. He had ideas to help her with that at some point, but that was in the future, a future that he had to make sure he'd see.

"I hear Koneko visits you a lot," Sona continued and he nodded. The nekoshou did do that a lot. "Yuuto… I don't think it needs to be said." Yeah, Jeanne. He'd know a thing or two about that. Probably a thing or two that he didn't want to know, if he were honest. "And as for Akeno… Well, here she is. The same goes for my peerage. They help me prepare for the Rating Game school of course, but there's only so much that they can do, or that I'll allow them to do, for the time being."

"... I see," he mumbled, leaning back and taking a sip from his cup of tea. That was a funny side effect that he hadn't considered, or noticed, until it was right on his face and being pointed out to him. "Still though, why here?" he asked, because that was really the part that he couldn't wrap his head around. They were devils, strong ones too, even if Sona's peerage would likely never match Rias'. Just because they were side characters at best in canon didn't make them weak. That was the misconception that tended to happen when there were ridiculous power levels at play.

And DxD seemed to make it a point to be as ridiculous as possible in that regard.

"The atmosphere is… very welcoming, warm," Sona started, as if she didn't rightly know the answer herself. "I'll admit, I think most of them just wanted to see for themselves, how it is and why you are so attached to the place. I think they understand now, or maybe they reached different answers that worked for them."

"It grounds me, reminds me that I'm human," he told her, because it wasn't really a big secret or anything. Although, as he did, he caught himself almost saying "I was human" instead towards the end. He didn't feel human those days, even though he knew he was. The System had a lot of failures, but he didn't think that was one of them.

He didn't want that to be one of them.

"Hm, that's what Momo thought was the case," Sona replied with a nod, and from there the conversation seemed to end as both of them focused on their own thing.

It was a pause that he very much appreciated though.

[}-o-{]​

Applying a mental and soul aspect to the void he was trying to create/imitate was easier said than done, Joshua was aware.

He was even more aware after actually trying to make that happen though. Try as he might, he couldn't figure out much to do on that front as he worked on the Room spells. Funnily enough though, the soul aspect was the easiest of the two. He had most definitely not been expecting that, considering how decidedly harder it was to approach anything regarding souls when compared to minds.

That happened because there were soul traces everywhere in the world, but there was no mind where there was… well, nothing. So, Joshua had to approach the soul aspect first while brainstorming on the remaining one as he went. Easier said than done though, both of those things. Just because there was something to work with didn't mean he had any idea how to make a soul void, after all.

He tried all the same, but he had to be careful. Messing with souls was no joke, after all, even if they weren't attached to anything. He was wary of what he could do if he went at the soul traces carelessly, very much so. In the spirit of not causing more problems for himself, Joshua took his time to come up with a plan that hopefully would reduce the risk a lot.

And that was to not try and delete those traces.

Instead, his plan was to just… brush them aside, push them out of the room, leaving the space "clean" in a manner of speaking. Not any easier than the alternative, but hopefully less dangerous. Fortunately for him, he was no stranger to soulwork by that point either, so he could try to do something about it, even if neither of his options, not the one he wanted to go with nor the one he was trying to avoid, were anywhere close to what he'd been doing so far.

Although, he'd worked on healing and patching damaged souls so far, maybe poked a little bit at what made each soul special for different races and Sacred Gears and such. Joshua had never tried to move them though, nor had he tried to vanish them or destroy them. In a way, he guessed what he'd done was at least tangentially related to that latter option, since it was basically the opposite, but he didn't want to do that, so…

Yeah, he'd have to figure out how to move around soul… 'Is soul element an appropriate designation? Calling it soul traces will get tiring,' he thought idly before shaking his head. The point was that he'd have to learn how to move soul traces from scratch and he was not looking forward to that. He just knew that it'd be a nightmare, but such was his life, he supposed.

And then there was the elephant in the room.

'Is there even a mental aspect, or am I reaching too far? It could just be body and soul, no mind at all,' he considered, tapping on his notebook as if that'd somehow give him an answer or a clue. As if he could random-Morse-code a sign from someone. Sadly, the only gods around were as lost as he was, so that was more than a little useless.

Still, it felt wrong to outright dismiss that. It was a possibility, but the Gap was a big deal. If he'd learned something ever since he started delving into the supernatural, it was that meanings, impressions, reputations held a lot of value, a lot of sway. Hell, Boons and to a lesser extent Hexes, two of his main magics, worked directly alongside the concept of subjective value.

The Gap was a void, a void of everything, a space between dimensions with literally nothing that said dimensions might have. No matter, no souls, no thoughts. A void beyond the void itself, or a space filled with an element that could be found nowhere, maybe both and neither.

Joshua was sure he was onto something with the mind aspect.

Body, Mind, Soul.

It just made sense.

'Right?' wondered a corner of his mind, the part of him that was afraid he was reaching, grasping for straws. The piece of his consciousness that worried he wasn't going to be good enough that time. The one that whispered to him that maybe he'd found his match, his limit and that it was it. His grand journey reached its end not in a grand battle or sacrifice like the heroes of stories he loved to read, but in failure.

He pushed that thought aside, silenced it, and focused.

'Might as well try to do the soul thing and see how things look afterwards,' he decided, giving up momentarily on the mind aspect. He'd revisit that later with a fresher mind… hopefully. 'Might need to revisit the Gap just to check that and see if something comes up… Actually, I'll brainstorm that if I can't directly think of something related to that. Yeah, that sounds good.'

Well, that'd been a train of thought of all time, but at least he'd stumbled on a direction to follow. Joshua wasn't going to look at the gift horse in the mouth, especially not then and there. Instead, he just dove into that, trying to come up with spells and ways to use his senses to look into that. A step further was asking the Egyptians, who were more than happy to present options to him, members of their Pantheon that were directly or tangentially related to the mind that could help him pick up information, clues…

Hopefully, at least.

Joshua had quickly realized that even deities were stumped by the Gap, absolutely so. That wouldn't stop him though, couldn't stop him. Not with all that was at stake. And he was eternally grateful to the fact that it didn't stop the Egyptians.

With how detached they were, he'd half expected them to ditch him when the situation was looking as dire as it was.

They hadn't though.

He made a mental note to do something nice for them once all was over.

"Dad?" a voice called and Joshua was pulled out of his mind and notes. He turned to see Kunou, all innocence and seriousness rolled into one look. "It's break time," she told him with all the solemnity of a child that had no doubt about what they said. She was adorable like that.

Still, he momentarily regretted asking her to keep an eye on the time and snap him out of it if he worked too long without a break. He had done that for a reason though, so he stretched his arms over his head and arched his back. He might have heard a crack or two, but that was neither here nor there.

"Thanks, Kunou," he said, giving her a smile as he ruffled her hair. She didn't even try to protest that, as she often would have. As he did though, he looked at her blond hair and was acutely aware that his wasn't that color anymore. She had truly not been affected by that change, which had surprised him plenty as the days passed and she remained completely unbothered. "You want any snacks, girls? I want some," he added, glancing around at Ravel and Koneko, almost permanent additions to his work time by then.

Not that he was complaining.

Kunou needed all the company she could get and if they were friendly all the better. His familiars did that plenty, but they… hardly counted. Even Morag, now more human than ever, was… odd, out of place. She was getting the hang of being humanoid, but she wasn't there yet and it showed.

Like then and there, as Joshua felt her joining Cheshire for a hunt, her more animalistic instincts and mind took over almost completely.

"Yes."

"If it's not too much trouble, Mr. Davis."

He didn't even bother giving any response to Ravel's overprofessionalism. His mind was still trying to process the ideas he'd gotten, trying to work without actually working. He wasn't very successful, admittedly, but he wasn't diving into it, so he counted it as a win all the same.

"Can I help, dad?" Kunou asked and he saw the other two girls perk up, heads turning his way and back straightening.

"Sure," he replied with a smile. Then he glanced towards the other two as casually as he could. "You two want to help too?" he asked and they were moving before they actually spoke their answers. He found that incredibly endearing, if he was honest.

Even Joshua wasn't dense enough to not notice the writing on the wall regarding the two girls. It showed in the way they tried to do everything Kunou did, in the way they wanted to do things with him that he did with Kunou, in the way they looked for approval or care or affection. Hell, they'd even let slip questions or statements that were clearly not as subtle as they often tried to be. There was no missing any of it, not when he had an example right next to them in the form of his first – did his familiars count as first, actually? – daughter.

They never voiced it though and neither did he, but that didn't mean he wasn't aware. They weren't kids, after all, no matter how much he sometimes treated them as such. They deserved some of that childhood they had likely lost, but they weren't children. Maybe he was wrong, or maybe he wasn't, but he thought there was a reason why they avoided the topic while also trying to poke at it all the time.

Maybe they were unsure, or maybe they just wanted a taste without a full dive.

Either way, Joshua had no problem adding two more daughters to his family. If he could make them happy, then that was enough, as far as he was concerned. He feared being a little stretched thin, especially in regards to time those days, but if they still thought it was worth it… Then he'd smile and try his best.

"Not everything has to be teethrottingly sweet, Koneko."

"I don't think that's a word, Ravel," he pointed out, a little amused. The rivalry/antagonism the Phenex and the Nekoshou had for each other was cute, in his opinion. They could take it too far at times though, but those incidents were becoming rarer and rarer.

"Is so!" The instances in which they acted their age – sometimes younger, even – were even cuter.

"Hm, well, Koneko can have her teethrottingly sweet snacks and we'll get something less so for ourselves," he decided, before that could devolve into an argument he knew would just go in circles. "I actually want something on the salty side, I think."

"See," was all Koneko said after that, but she managed to squeeze so much smugness in her flat tone that Joshua was actually rather impressed. Or he would have been, if he didn't know that single word was going to spark the argument again. So, he had to act quickly and decisively.

"No fights," he said firmly.

"Okay, Joshua."

"Of course, Mr. Davis."

And somehow, both of them managed to make it seem like they said "dad" instead.

"Now, remember to listen carefully and pay attention to what you're doing," he told them, taking a deep breath in as he prepared himself. It was going to be a long few minutes. "We don't want to burn down the kitchen again."

"I didn't burn down the kitchen!" Kunou protested and he just raised an eyebrow at her. "Just a bit of the counter," she mumbled with a pout.

"And I'd rather that not happen again," he told her, poking one of her puffed up cheeks with his index finger. "Now, come, anything in particular you girls want?"

In hindsight, he should have asked one of them and not all of them at once.

[}-o-{]​

With repeated visits to the Gap, Joshua was bound to have his mind wander about it in non-project related trains of thought.

If anything, it didn't happen nearly as much as he'd have expected.

Yet, it took him surprisingly long to reach one particular line. Maybe it happened then because he was checking the place in regards to soul and mind matters. So, with his legs tucked under him as if he were sitting cross-legged in the void with Georg and Kokabiel on each side, Joshua considered something he should really have noticed before.

Maybe he'd avoided the thought on purpose, or his mind had done so subconsciously.

"I love you."

"I'm proud of you."

Cold.

Silence.

His last moments before dying, before waking up again in a completely different world. He remembered them and he considered them. 'Silence,' he thought with a hollow half-smile. It was funny, that he found himself chasing silence when he'd had nightmares about silence for months.

One silence had nothing to do with the other though, or, at least, he remembered that silence very differently from what he'd experienced in the Gap. Similar, but also different, somehow. Like saying green green liquid was similar to green gas or a green solid cube. Less clearly different, but also less clearly similar at the same time.

The Gap seemed incapable of being easy to deal with in any regard and it was proving to be so again.

He'd also gotten a glimpse of something similar when he'd looked at Ophis' eyes, he remembered. Also similar, also different, from both the Gap and… and Death, for lack of a better term. Where the Gap seemed to be nothing at all, Ophis was everything… and then there was the beyond, or what he assumed to be so.

Yet, despite the differences, he sometimes could fool himself into thinking the silence he'd experienced while dying was similar to the Gap. It made him think that there was a chance he could go back, see his parents again. Maybe he'd finally get some answers to the million questions he had regarding what had happened back then.

One way or another, once he tried, things would never be the same again. He had a life in the DxD world, he'd built something beautiful and meaningful, so he didn't think he could just leave. His parents likely had continued with their lives, but if they needed help, he might be able to do something about that and…

And he wasn't sure what'd follow, what to expect or what he'd do, despite his thoughts.

It was all a bundle of nerves and fears and doubts in his chest. Joshua didn't know how to even begin to deal with any of that, but maybe it was a good thing that he didn't need to. Not then, at least, not for a while. There were a lot of things that needed to be done before any of it could even be within sight.

"Davis," Kokabiel called and Joshua sighed, knowing time was up. He was happy with the interruption though, because he had better things to do with his time than just sitting in a place that didn't do his frayed mind any favors. So, he "stood up" and nodded, wordlessly waving for Georg to do his thing and take them back.

Not a minute later, both the magician and the Fallen were dismissed and sent away while he stood in the middle of the empty area where they teleported in and out of the Gap. He stood there, with his mind half turned off and half stuck in thoughts of silence, his old world and possibilities. 'No point, Joshua. Let it go,' he told himself, but that was hardly effective.

He needed a distraction. That was how he always dealt with matters like that, with anger or sadness or anything that overwhelmed him. So, he applied what little he could of his mind to find something to occupy himself. As it turned out, he didn't even need to try very hard, there was something going on that very moment that worked perfectly for him.

"Been a while, hasn't it?" he commented when Cheshire caught up to him and started walking by his side. "You're not allowed to make a mess, Morag," he added when his arachnid daughter jumped and clung to his back with her many legs. Piggyback rides with her were always an experience.

"Where are we going, daddy?" she asked, peeking over his shoulder curiously.

"You'll see," he commented, taking a deep breath in and already feeling better just imagining his destination. Still, walking outside and coming face to face with Asia's garden never got old, especially because there was always something different.

Even when the nun didn't add new plants or anything, Joshua would still feel like it wasn't the same garden he'd last seen. The plants grew, they got trimmed, they flowered, some of them even moved. It was all so alive that he couldn't help but feel refreshed just looking at it, warm. He was pretty sure the way he reacted to nature was how Gabriel felt about her historic places or artistic spots or architectural wonders.

"Joshua!" Asia called when they approached her, Margalo on her shoulder and singing. She looked so happy to see him that he felt most of the bad emotions he still carried melt off of his chest. "Did things go well? Did you need anything?"

"Things went alright," he answered, ignoring the fact that he was just coming off one of the least productive Gap dives he'd performed so far. "And I actually wanted to know if you need anything. I kind of wanted to distract myself. If you don't though, we can just walk around. Your garden gets more and more beautiful every time I visit it."

"Our garden," she corrected and he smiled a little wider.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

The usual for all of you, guys. Some progress, some development and some slice of life with sprinkles of the stories going on in the background (and not so background) being shown. Sometimes I feel bad about writing chapters like this, admittedly, because I know there's no real "advancement" of the plot or anything. And I know they sometimes feel same-ish to other chapters and such…

But this is the kind of stuff that I set out to write when I first started. I wanted to take things slowly, show what characters do in their day to day life in between plots and the slow development of… everything regarding them, how training and tinkering and relationships take time and more than a scene or two.

I know I've written this speech a bunch of times, but it never feels like enough because there's always someone commenting on stuff regarding this.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What sport did you play last? I played padel with my family this last weekend. I'm still sore from it, but I had fun in the moment so… yay?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 135 others
Adrian King
Nov 4, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
…
5
6
7
8
9
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
42 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Prev  
1
…
6
7
8
9
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 211 - All the Hate That’s Inside Me New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Nov 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,263
All the Hate That's Inside Me

"Do I want to know why you need a… test subject, Joshua?" Yasaka asked with a raised eyebrow when, during a pre-Khaos meeting, he told them that he needed someone especially bad from whatever Khaos raid their alliance organized. Not the first time he did so, but it was the first time he wasn't looking for them himself… for obvious reasons. He didn't want to poke too much at Ophis, which was also why they were keeping the raids relatively minor for the time being too.

Joshua wasn't insulted by the question either. His partners had always made it a point to know what he was trying to accomplish when setting out to do some… morally questionable testing. Gabriel most of all, which was not unexpected, at all. So far, even some ideas that he thought would be dismissed didn't seem to put his partners off, admittedly, and that made him curious about what they would deem not good enough.

He wasn't going to try and test them, but he did wonder…

"I want to know what the Gap does to someone when there's no shielding to get in the way," he said as straightforwardly as he could. There was no point beating around the bush, because he'd never fool anyone and he had better things to do with his time. "I have some theories regarding the mind aspect I'm trying to address, but I need this kind of data to confirm that or point me in the right direction or both. It could also give me a better idea about the body and soul aspects too, which are very much something I need to polish and address properly, respectively."

Gabriel hummed at that, like he wasn't telling an angel that he wanted to throw a person into the void between dimensions and let them die a horrible death just to see what happened and how horrible it was. Then again, real Angels in DxD… and maybe in general, he wasn't too knowledgeable about it still – he might look into that at some point – weren't what most people would call saints, ironically enough. There were some very dark things in their past, particularly during the wars.

It was kind of like looking at past Church history, kind of, which was scary as hell. Admittedly, a little helped by the fact that it wasn't corruption and other such things that caused it all to happen… but still. Joshua would not like to be in a war against Heaven, ever.

"Sure thing then~" Serafall replied cheerfully and immediately, apparently fully on board already. "We'll get you a guinea pig, Joshua. Maybe even with extra pig, if we're lucky," the Satan said and he was less surprised that his devil partner had no issues throwing people to the wolves, especially when the wolves were his tests. She liked doing it, actually, especially if she got to pick who to do that to and she often had very strong opinions on who should and shouldn't be chosen.

She was the only one, fortunately, so Yasaka and Gabriel never really argued with her. They did occasionally try to poke at her logic and approach to decision making in that regard, but Joshua stayed away from those conversations. How was it that they disturbed him when he was the one doing dubious experimentation?

"We'll see what we can do," Yasaka finished with a nod. "We're off to the meeting now," she added afterwards and he smiled at her, at them. He tried to convey how grateful he was that they let him not attend the Khaos meetings and just do a pre-meeting to address anything he might feel like addressing, which wasn't much most of the time.

They were good enough to know at least if he'd have an opinion on the matter they might want to check. So, that let him have some extra time to himself so that he could focus on making more progress and he didn't have to deal with Azazel. Both were great boons as far as Joshua was concerned, especially during that time in which every second mattered.

"See you later," he told them and he could have sworn they perked up a little. It was subtle, but he was pretty sure he hadn't imagined it. "By the way, I can make dinner tonight if you are interested," he added, leaving the "you" very much open to interpretation and on purpose. "And able to attend, that is," finished with, because it wasn't unheard of for them to be busy at random times, especially Serafall and Gabriel.

They had to deal with business all over the world and their respective domains, which meant that they couldn't stick to a particular timezone and schedule very easily, even if they tried.

"What are you making?" Serafall asked with exaggerated interest… or at least he thought it was exaggerated. Then again, Yasaka and Gabriel seemed oddly intent in their staring after that question.

"You three have helped me a lot in the past weeks so… I thought I could say thank you with a meal," he commented, bringing a hand up to rub the back of his neck. He had to look away as he spoke too, because he was feeling a little awkward. Making meaningful gestures always worried him, made him think he might just be doing something silly or thinking too much or not enough, but… He had to try anyway, didn't he? "I'm going to make everyone's favorites, if you can make it of course, but don't-"

"I'll be here," Serafall interrupted, answering immediately and pointing at him with her magical girl staff as if that'd seal the deal. "And if that Gamigin idiot I have to meet later tries to delay me again, I'll give him a piece of my mind," she added with a mock serious expression that he hoped wasn't actually serious.

Sometimes Serafall worried him, because she was whimsical and whimsical didn't align well with her job… But she seemed to make it work, so maybe he worried too much.

"I'll be here too," Gabriel told him with a kind smile that never failed to make him smile back. "I have nothing to do at that time," she added, but something about that statement sounded odd to Joshua's ears. Maybe he was thinking about it too much.

So, he settled for being happy that his family would all be gathered for a meal, apparently.

That was always nice when they could manage.

[}-o-{]​

"Is it selfish of me?" Gabriel said that night, after dinner was over and everyone went to bed. She was lying beside him, her back against his chest and her arms pressing his to her body. "Is it selfish that I want to have this, even though…?" she tried to clarify, trailing off instead of voicing the last part. Joshua didn't need to be a genius to guess what it was and why she couldn't bring herself to say it.

"I don't think so," he answered, hugging her the smallest bit tighter. "I'm not going to lie and say I don't want to, or that it wouldn't be great, but… I think this is pretty good too," he commented, trying to follow an approach that he'd found worked wonders, being open and honest. That always seemed to work much better than trying to be charming or whatever. "I don't think it's selfish to want to spend time with someone you love. And if it is, I guess that'd make me the most selfish, wouldn't it?"

"You definitely are," he heard the angel reply, but he could almost hear the smile on her face and he hoped it was that shy, slightly blushing one. It was Gabriel's most adorable. Although the excited one when they visited places together was close too. "But I don't hate that. Not when it involves me, at least," she added, the last bit spoken teasingly. He knew she didn't hate it when it involved Yasaka or Serafall though, much as she sometimes liked to poke at him in regards to that.

He still couldn't wrap his head around any of them being ok with the… situation. Joshua had learned to stop questioning it though, if only for his own sanity. Because he was never going to understand, he knew. It was one of those things about being a transmigrator, he guessed.

"Thank you," he told her softly, leaning forward the smallest bit and planting a kiss on her neck. Expectedly, she stiffened for a second before taking a slow, very deliberate breath in and letting it out just as slowly. The light of her halo stopped flickering almost at the same time as that last one happened. "Sorry," he whispered, like he'd started doing every time that happened.

"Don't apologize," Gabriel replied, like she always did when he apologized in situations like that. "If I wanted you to stop, I'd tell you," she mumbled, her shoulders still stiff. He squeezed her against his chest a little more before relaxing his arms again and she hummed. "As soon as this thing with Ophis is over, right?"

"Of course," he told her with a smile.

"It won't take long, will it?" she asked then, which was all sorts of unfair because she knew he couldn't control how long a project would take. All the same though, he didn't point that out. The situation was even more unfair for her and he knew it.

"I'll work as fast as I can," he reassured.

"I'll hold you to that."

[}-o-{]​

"Here," Meredith said, a proud smile on her face even under the heavy bags that circled the underside of her eyes. The rest of the Stars didn't look any better. Levi in particular looked more like a zombie than an actual human and Joshua would know, he'd seen some of those.

That particular Khaos Brigade base had been "fun".

"All the books that actually talk about the Dimensional Gap," Meredith said, while Georg and Dion laid two piles of books on the side. "And other semi-extensive texts," she added with a wave of her hand as Karin laid some scrolls, and what looked like detached notesheets beside the two book towers. "We've also put together our own findings from scattered mentions, including how many times certain information is repeated and sometimes if we feel like the information is good or not," Meredith said while Levi passed him a notebook that he opened and idly checked.

Not great, but she had said that it was just them putting together every piece of information they'd found on random spots. Besides, who knew, there might be something hidden in the abstract mentions and weird analogies and metaphors. Joshua couldn't afford to leave anything without considering, not with so much at stake, as his brain insisted on reminding him every second of every day.

"Thank you," Joshua said, wondering if he managed to put even a sliver of how truly grateful he felt in those simple words. He certainly tried to. And if he failed, well, he had a Plan B for that. "Ravel."

"Right," his devil secretary/daughter replied, clearing her throat to pull the Stars' attention. Joshua wasn't sure why they seemed surprised by this though. Did they expect him not to pay them for their work? What kind of tyrant did his students think he was? "Everyone, I'll be coordinating with Agnes and everyone else at House of Water to procure jobs that'll properly boost your careers, from jobs where you'll specifically shine to jobs that you wouldn't normally land for one reason or another. If I have any say in the matter, these jobs will have plenty of reasons to be called perfect for you."

And left unsaid was the fact that Ravel very much would have a say in the matter.

"Professor Davis," Meredith started, and her voice alone told Joshua what was coming. Another bout of telling him it was too much and blah blah blah. Honestly. Maybe they were right, but he was doing just the right amount of things for them, as far as he was concerned.

So, with that in mind, he pushed on.

What a world to live in, where people complained because he did too much for them.

Yet another thing that baffled him to no end.

"Right, I have a lot to read," he said, deciding to escape the inevitable argument. Ravel could deal with that. She always told him that she had fun with that, so he might as well. "See you guys around."

"Professor Davis!" he heard someone – George, he thought – call before his Teleportation circle took him away.

[}-o-{]​

Joshua simply "sat" and looked ahead.

The man writhed and cried and screamed. His hands reached out, as if trying to find something to grab, but most probably trying to find a way out. There was no such thing for him, however, because Georg was by Joshua's side, looking away, and Joshua himself was no more inclined to help. So the man's struggles continued while what little magic he still possessed was consumed. Then, his life followed, and Joshua was reminded of Project Fall, draining people for all they were worth. At last, after some time, the man was left at the Gap's mercy.

And oh did it have no mercy at all.

Joshua was equal parts fascinated and disturbed as he watched the effects of the Gap on a creature that could not shield itself with magic. The acid comparison came back to his mind again, except the Gap left nothing in its wake. It was fast, exceedingly so, but at the same time, the handful of seconds seemed to stretch for an eternity as Joshua watched.

Joshua remembered, once upon a time, having found a book on human anatomy that had plastic see-through pages with superposing images of the human body. There was a normal picture, of course, then one of the muscles, and the nerves, and the veins, the organs, the bones. Every page he passed would take away one of those things and show another. He'd found that neat back in the day.

It was not at all neat to see something so similar and yet absolutely grotesque happening in front of him.

A man was unmade in front of his very eyes in a way that was very… unique, if Joshua had to put a word to it. Even after all was over, he still stared at the spot where the victim had been, processing what had taken mere seconds through several minutes. The information he'd gotten from senses and spells was just as interesting too, which only added to the whole thing's macabre show.

"Sir?" he heard Georg ask, his voice shaky.

Joshua nodded slowly before "standing" and turning his head to look at the Dimension Lost holder. The man seemed to have difficulty looking at him, which was… interesting too. Was he afraid of him? Had this particular incident of testing pushed Joshua into another rank in the man's mental danger list?

Sometimes, Joshua felt bad for that kind of thing. Inspiring fear wasn't something he was interested in, fond of or anything of the sort. No, he'd much rather people leave him alone.

Yet, at that moment, he felt no pity for Georg or anyone else that was or had ever been part of Khaos Brigade. Because the Gap was scary, sure. But Ophis and Great Red called the place home. They seemed to treat the place like it was a particularly nice and fancy vacation house. So, in his mind, those two were much, much worse than anything the Gap could ever hope to be.

And Khaos had pointed one of those unfathomable creatures at him, at his family.

So, he was not feeling very merciful at that moment, with that realization in his mind. One day, he'd take Rizevim Lucifer and make him pay for every single moment of fear that Joshua had to get through. That man wouldn't go gently into that good night if Joshua had a say in the matter. Because everything related to Khaos ultimately led to him. He'd been the one to start the whole thing, if Joshua remembered correctly.

He was the one hellbent on unleashing Trihexa onto the world because he felt that fitting for the Saturday Morning Cartoon Villain he seemed to want to be.

If there was one person Joshua was sure he'd never forgive, it was Rizevim, because he was just as sure that the man would never regret what he did, or change his ways. He was evil for the sake of being evil, because he liked it and because it was what he wanted to be. Someone like that wouldn't change and if he didn't change, then Joshua's anger would never fully die out.

That guaranteed the man a painful, drawn out death, as far as Joshua was concerned, and he would gleefully deliver that.

For the moment though…

"Let's go back," he said, turning to look at Georg and finding the magician pale and shaking. He wondered if the test subject's death had shook him like that, or if Joshua was showing something of his thoughts on his face. Judging by the way the Dimension Lost holder trembled as he glanced his way, Joshua was pretty sure it was the latter's case.

At that moment, with still fresh realization and all the thoughts that came with it in his mind, he didn't care.

He simply stepped out of the Gap and continued with his business. He had a lot to work on and if Georg was terrified all over again, then that was too bad. Joshua couldn't find a single fuck to give, not then and there. He was a little too preoccupied trying to find ways to use the information he'd just found for himself, for his projects.

He had much to work on just by this one test, but he might need to try again for a more thorough scanning. One single test had never been enough and it certainly wouldn't be this time, with as much as he needed things to go well. No, Joshua would need more, but he had enough to get by for the moment.

[}-o-{]​

Late at night, he still worked.

Joshua knew his hand would have been in pain from all the writing, if not for his ridiculously high stats and all the spells taking care of him. He knew his brain should be addled by the lack of sleep, if not for the potions and the support of magic. He knew that he should rest more, take a moment to let his brain take a break, if not outright sleep, but he could make do with senjutsu, really.

So, he still worked.

Fear fueled him, yes, because how could it not. The life he'd found for himself after thinking he had nothing left was at risk now. His family, his friends, his everything could just… disappear. He refused to stand by and let that happen.

The next day, maybe he'd find it within himself to stop. Maybe Kunou would approach him, with her big blue eyes and her cute little pout. Maybe Serafall would poke his cheek with her magical staff, all impatience and playfulness. Maybe Jeanne would come from school and want to talk about something or another, idle chatter that reassured her as much as it reassured him.

In that moment though, Joshua couldn't stop.

More than fear though, there was something else gnawing at his insides, spurning him to keep going. The moment of clarity he had when he witnessed the Gap consuming that poor, wretched bastard was still in his mind, burned into his brain and etched into his skull. He couldn't forget it and he didn't want to forget it. Because doing so would be careless, callous, or so he felt.

So, instead, he let the emotions it brought fuel him together with his fear.

"You're still here," a voice said and he turned to see Yasaka, because of course it was Yasaka. Who else could it be in her own home, that late and right when he needed someone? Serafall and Gabriel weren't even around to offer a challenge of any kind that night either. "I thought you were doing better."

"The experiment didn't go well," he commented, before considering things for a moment. "Or maybe it went too well. I'm not entirely sure."

"Want to talk about it?" she offered, walking around him and towards the kitchen. She was out of sight, but he could hear her steps and whatever she was doing there. By the sounds of it, Joshua was guessing she was making tea, because of course she was. "I don't know if I did anything to make you think I like to sleep alone, Joshua, but let me tell you that if you thought that,4 you misunderstood," her voice told him, reaching him the smallest bit muted by the distance and the walls.

"I'm sorry," he said, a slight, weary smile hanging onto his lips for dear life before ultimately failing and slipping away. "It's just… so difficult to fall asleep these days." Because, no matter what, in the end, he'd be alone with his thoughts, and his thoughts seemed to pick up torturing him as a hobby.

"I understand," Yasaka told him. "I've had my fair share of sleepless nights for similar reasons. For lesser reasons, to be honest," she admitted then and Joshua somehow doubted that. "Maybe it's no good of me to point it out, but I thought I'd tell you. Your absence is not subtle, Joshua."

"I'm sorry," he repeated helplessly.

"Don't be," the youkai leader told him, walking in with two cups of tea. "It's normal to be afraid. It's also normal to be angry."

"I know that, but it's not… doesn't make things any easier," he admitted, taking the offered cup and watching Yasaka take a seat across from him at the table. "I just want to stop being afraid and angry," he said, hands holding the hot cup of tea for a long moment, staring at its contents rather than drinking them.

"That's understandable too," Yasaka replied with a nod, taking a sip of her own beverage that encouraged him to do the same, even though he didn't feel like it himself. It was so hot it almost burned, especially with how much he tried to drink. It helped though. It cut through the fog in his mind like a lighthouse and let him focus the smallest bit better.

"It's not only fear and anger," he said, eyes still firmly in the water of his cup rather than the woman across from him. He wanted to open up, but it was always harder to do that when looking at other people, he'd found. "I think I hate them," he added, unsure.

Because Joshua thought he knew what hate was, but it was only then that he realized he might have misunderstood that for strong anger. Anger was like a fire, it burned, lashing out and trying to consume everything. Fear, in turn, was like ice, cold and unsettling as it crept up inside him.

And then there was this feeling, hard and sharp. Solid and immovable where it took its stand, unbothered by other emotions and thoughts. It waited, patiently but no more merciful for it. Where anger consumed and endangered, this one cut and threatened, like razor wire. Where fear was a creeping bite, this one waited patiently, like a bear trap.

"That would make two of us then," Yasaka told him and whatever he'd expected her response to be, it hadn't been that. It made him look up and then he wondered if his eyes were as hard and sharp as hers were, like swords pointed forward, looking for an enemy. "They'll get what they deserve, Joshua, every single one of them."

From all the things he loved about the woman sitting across from him, the one that had brewed tea for him and came to reassure him, he didn't think he'd love a part of her so harsh and apathetic.

And yet he did.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

It's interesting to see how many things I can show in this arc without feeling like I'm re-writing stuff a little differently. Although, admittedly, I imagine not everyone shares my opinion on the matter. So, yeah, I know the arc is taking forever, but I feel like if I just wrote it to be a couple of chapters, it'd take away from the importance and difficulty of the task.

So, I guess if you don't like it taking long, then I hope it at least feels like necessary boredom?

I don't know either, guys, honestly.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What's something that stood out from your weekend for you? For me… I guess it'd be the conversation I had with my mother and my brother late at night on Saturday. It was one of those where you discuss important stuff that never really gets said because it doesn't pop up in casual conversation.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 149 others
Adrian King
Nov 11, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 212 - You Hold on to What You Believe In New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Nov 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,278
You Hold on to What You Believe In

Surprisingly, the days passed without really increasing Joshua's fear and nerves through the latter days of the month he had to work with.

Sure, he was afraid and nervous, but he didn't get more so as time went by and the approximate time for Ophis to come knocking drew closer. He'd expected to grow more of a mess with every passing day, maybe every passing hour. He'd thought dread would dominate his every waking hour and likely every sleeping one too, through nightmares.

Instead, he found himself… surprisingly stable.

His approach to get information was working though. His guesses about the physical, mental and soul aspects of the Gap's effect were showing that they weren't baseless. The mental side of things was still the most troublesome, but he did have some things to show on that side too. Soul-wise, it was tricky too, but he'd managed a slow and steady progress that he was… reluctantly happy with. Physically, he was still trying to push things, but that was getting harder and harder with every added layer on the spell arrays, admittedly.

Joshua was getting things done though, and every single spell circle that he worked out, every addition or change that he made, all of it contributed to lessening the burden at the same time that it was supposed to increase. So, in the end, he guessed he remained around even levels of stress those days, which didn't sound great, but it certainly was in his books. With all that was going on, he'd take remaining in the same spot he already was instead of spiralling into worry and panic.

"What do you think?" Serafall asked, leaning left and right like an inverted pendulum. He looked up ahead of them both, watching Jeanne training with Yuto while the rest of the Gremory group did their thing around the place with other people, like Koneko with Kuroka and so on. Idly, he twirled the pencil in his hand and tapped it against the page of his notebook. "You don't seem very worried," she added and he almost laughed.

What were the chances that she commented on the same thing he'd just been thinking about?

Actually, they were probably not that low. Serafall – and Yasaka and Gabriel too, for that matter – usually read him like a book, so it was no stretch of the imagination for her to pick up on his thoughts. If anything, he'd have been more surprised if she tried something like that and somehow got it wrong.

Not that he was likely to figure it out if it happened, but still.

"If I fail, I'll know that I did my best," he replied, but the smile that spread on his face was not at all happy or even content. "I really, really don't want that, of course, but I'm getting things done. I'm not stuck anymore. I'm finding out new info, I'm applying it, and it all seems to be… at least somewhat accurate and effective," he explained before running his fingers through his hair and sighing.

"Do you think it's enough?" Serafall asked and he realized only then that while her body moved around childishly as usual, her tone was not playful at all. It was the serious version of his partner that he was talking to at that moment. Not as admittedly sort of funny and adorable as the magical girl, but that Serafall had her own charm too.

"I don't wanna jinx things." 'But yes,' went unsaid there. Because he did think what he was getting done was enough. Surely he'd achieved more for Ophis' Silence than Khaos. Their attempts were, as far as he was concerned, only in regards to helping her fight off Great Red. Considering the nigh impossibility of that, Joshua was reasonably sure that he was closer to making a Gap alternative for Ophis than they were of winning against the Dragon of Dragons.

He could be wrong on several accounts, of course. Chief of which was the chance that maybe Khaos was also taking a similar approach to his, but he thought that unlikely. And even if they had, with him – and his alliance, of course – dismantling the Magician Faction and crippling the Hero Faction, he thought progress was likely not great for them. Besides, not to toot his own horn, but Joshua was always told how he was the best spellcrafter in the world. There was only so much of that he could hear before starting to believe it at least a little.

Serafall, beside him, hummed, but he thought he caught a hint of truth in her smile.

"I guess we'll see how it goes," the Satan commented, swaying more towards him at that moment and resting her head on his shoulder. "We believe in you though, Joshua. You know that, right?"

"Yes," he confirmed simply with a nod. "And I appreciate it," he added, a slight smile pulling at his lips. He really did appreciate it. It didn't feel like added pressure anymore, unlike when he'd gotten started and had no idea what he was doing. He actually felt like he was worth that faith they all had in him, if only the smallest bit. And so, the words reassured him that no, he might not be imagining that. He might actually be good enough, do enough.

"Everyone's busy," Serafall commented and Joshua noticed a shift in her voice that he couldn't quite place. It sounded like she'd relaxed a little, there was a more positive note to it or so he guessed. "How about taking a break and going somewhere? I could use a snack or two that you don't have to work for," the Satan commented and he nodded.

"Lilith?" he asked, referring to the current capital of the devils' Underworld. It was where they went for dates and such, generally. "We can do that, yeah," he answered when she nodded and he smiled as she wrapped his arm with hers. "Are we going overtly or incognito?"

"Do you mind if we show off a little?"

"Not at all," he said, lying through his teeth and she likely knew it. She liked showing off though and after his reputation had risen as much as it had, it helped her with her job to be seeing publicly with him. So, Joshua didn't mind suffering some stares in order to make her happy.

"Thank you," she told him, squeezing his arm, and if he'd had any doubts on the matter, they'd been cleared then.

[}-o-{]​

[Kunou Davis]

"Dad, I'm flying!"

"I'm making you fly, remember?" her dad answered with and she could tell that he was smiling, even though he was still looking at the notebook in front of him. "You don't actually need to make swim motions to move around, you know?" he asked then and her hands froze on each side of her, where she'd been doing a very poor impression of a breaststroke trying to reach one of the walls.

"I don't?" she asked, before hearing a chuckle leaving the man. "You didn't tell me that!"

"I didn't," he admitted, the absolute traitor that he was. "It was adorable to watch you do that. Maybe I should have kept that to myself," her dad commented and this time he did look up at her. She hadn't expected that, which was why she hadn't quite fixed her position. She tried her best to snap into a more dignified position immediately all the same though and she was even optimistic about her chances of not having been- "You know I don't actually have to look up to see you, right? I can sense you," he pointed out.

Kunou wasn't pouting and anyone that said otherwise was a lying liar who lied lyingly.

"You're adorable," Joshua- her dad said – it was one of those days in which calling him Joshua felt wrong, distant, cold – with a shake of his head. "How's the flying, fun?" he asked with that smile that made her feel all sorts of happy and warm, like he was wrapping her up with a blanket and giving her a cup of her favorite tea.

It made all the time she had spent without having Joshua, having a dad, all the colder, really.

How had she done it all those years?

She didn't know, but she also didn't care to. All that mattered was that she wasn't sad anymore and her mother wasn't cold anymore. They were a happy family again and Joshua was her dad and Serafall and Gabriel were her aunts-but-not-really and it was all awesome.

Sure, things were a little tense at the moment, although nobody would tell her why. Joshua had to work on something extra-super-important too, so he didn't have much time. Furthermore, Kunou had been told – and she expected it too – that her dad would get busier as the days passed and his deadline drew closer.

She was surprised to see that hadn't been the case, or at least not much. He was still busy, of course, but her dad still made time for her, like at that moment, even though there was only about a week left. He still played and cooked and did other stuff that wasn't related to his project. He'd even made some extra time when she'd joined forces with Koneko and Ravel – necessary evils those two… but only sometimes – in order to convince him to host a card mini-tournament.

They'd had to invite Millicas, but that was also a necessary evil and he wasn't too bad, for a boy.

"Lots," she replied simply, but happily, as she tried to fly without any motions. It was more difficult, but she eventually got the gist of it. It was a bit of visualization and a bit of intent. Admittedly, her first attempts still involved some twitching – not always voluntary –, but Kunou did get the hang of it eventually… even if her flying was also a little twitchy.

"Do tell me if there's anything odd about the flying," her dad commented, watching her move around under the help of his spells. She could also feel Friday watching intently, as if the spell had her non-existent face right up hers trying to figure out things about their attempt at a flying space array.

"I think I just need to… get the hang of it," Kunou replied with a frown as a particularly sharp movement made her spiral in place instead of turning like she'd wanted to. "Changing directions is harder," she mumbled, but she thought it might just be her.

"Actually, was it that much easier to just swim?" her dad asked, tilting his head as he looked at her. "Maybe I can make it so that it'll only respond to motions instead of intent. It'll be limiting, but if it's more intuitive…"

"It could be more fun too!" she commented, switching back to swimming and this time she did so without even a little bit of shame. It was more fun, she found. "Maybe we can play games like this!"

"You could make one with illusions," her dad pointed out and she perked up mid-air where she was. "Maybe a flying course or something like that, with rings to go through and obstacles."

"And stuff attacking us, like birds or traps!" she suggested as a follow up, ideas on how she could make all of those things with illusions already in her mind. Rings would be easy, but maybe she could add a little flair to it and make them change colors when they went through them and stuff like that. She was sure her dad would help her with that… Once he was finished with his thing, that is. But she could leave those ideas for later and focus on the ones she could work with herself.

"You could ask Koneko and Ravel for ideas too, even Millicas," her dad suggested and she stumbled mid-air. "They might have more ideas for it too."

"Do I have to?" she mumbled, a pout she didn't want to show appearing on her face. And of course her dad chose that moment to turn away from his notes again and give her a raised eyebrow.

"Don't be mean, Kunou. They'll play with this too; they should get a say."

"Fine."

[}-o-{]​

[George Pickingill]

Levi was doing a great job taking over Professor Davis' class, all things considered.

All things considered being that he used to be a student – if admittedly one theoretically gifted –, that he'd been kind of thrown off the deep end even if Professor Davis had hinted at such development happening and also the fact that-

"Yes, but how do I make that change to the circle?"

-there were assholes in the class.

That was not new, not at all. There'd been idiots raising their hands, asking their mocking questions and being generally a pain in the side even when Professor Davis taught them. It was a class, after all, that rubbed people the wrong way. People from established, rich families couldn't get ahead with all their money and power and the class gave everyone the same amount of power, meaning that they couldn't look down on other people anymore. Masters didn't like it either, because it diminished accomplishments of their own, or mocked them for not achieving spell modifications to reach their masteries. Other associations were also not quite happy with House of Water holding a monopoly on the only teacher that could give the class.

Those and a number of other reasons meant that there'd always be magicians that sneered at the mention of the class and anyone that taught it, even if said magicians were trying to benefit from both all the same.

"I'm not here to do the job for you, but I can help you find the ideas and the approaches," Levi said, and he was getting better at shrugging off attempts to destabilize him. At least, he'd stopped flinching, or twitching or stammering whenever someone asked a question in general. The Stars considered that a huge victory already, but Levi had come that day determined to stand his ground, by the looks of it.

George was so proud.

"If you can't help the guy, then what good are you?" another person asked a few desks away from the one that'd asked the first question. George felt his hands curl into fists, listening to the growing whispers. They were unintelligible, but they nevertheless shifted the atmosphere. Suddenly, he could almost see the shadows pointing sharply towards Levi, waiting for him to fail so that they could stab him… metaphorically speaking, that is.

"I'm here to teach you how to do this in a way that can be applied to every branch of magic." Goddamn, maybe Levi had done really well the previous day on a job or something? Had he woken up feeling like a million bucks for no reason? Something had to have happened. "If you can't apply Professor Davis' and my teachings to your branch, then you either don't know your magic as much as you should, you're not studying, or you're not paying enough attention in class."

George turned and traded a look with Karin by his side.

"I see," the first guy said, but he was not cowered at all. No, he seemed to draw himself up, as if trying to be taller. "So, what you're saying is that you can't help me, can't teach me," he continued then and George didn't know what he was going to say, but he knew he wasn't going to like it. "I'm sure my association will love to hear that, Ellie."

Ellie.

Not Professor – although his fellow Star never really enforced that – nor Levi.

Not even Eliphas.

Ellie.

'That's it,' George decided then, slapping his hand on his desk and cutting through the moment before Levi could crumble. Maybe he wouldn't have, but that wasn't an excuse to just sit there and do nothing. So, he took a deep breath in, his respect for his fellow Star rising as everyone turned their attention to him and he felt what he felt every time he had to teach. He needed to keep it together though. Levi needed him. Professor Davis, however indirectly, needed him.

"Meredith," he said, low enough that barely anyone other than the woman could hear him. At most, the other Stars would have, and that was fine. "I need you to have my back," he added before turning and standing up from his desk. To his immense relief, the redhead followed after him barely even a second afterwards.

It was great to have allies, colleagues, friends.

He hadn't had those before, but now?

"Something the matter, Gillpicker?"

"It's Pickingill, actually," he corrected as he walked towards the offending idiot, keeping his expression calm. That's what Davis always did. Keep his calm and let them look like idiots. They were the ones with the power, after all. "But it's understandable that you don't remember. You don't remember a lot of things, do you?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, considering you can't remember the material taught to you and all," George answered and he saw the man blush in embarrassment. He could almost see his mental, shadowy representation of the whispers turning from Levi to the idiot. "Nor do you remember what happened to idiots, evidently."

"Do you think just because Davis favors you that you can do whatever you want? Say whatever you want?" the man asked, eyes narrowed and anger clear in his expression. "He's not here, idiot," he continued, very proud of throwing George's insult back at him. "And I'm-"

"Someone that's going to be kicked out of the class if he doesn't shut up," Meredith said before George could. He'd been waiting for him to finish digging his grave, but his fellow Star hadn't been that patient, evidently. "Because believe you me, we can take you up to Agnes Waterhouse and have you sent back to whatever Association you came from or kicked out of House of Water if you're from here. Professor Davis will favor us, after all."

"You-"

"Won't he, Miss Phenex?" George interrupted this time, not even turning to look at the blonde devil across the room, sitting at her tiny desk beside Levi's. She never said much, but she was always there, to be Professor Davis' eyes and ears.

"He will," he heard her say and he tried not to grin too much at the paling of the idiot's face.

He failed, but then again, Meredith failed too.

[}-o-{]​

[Joshua Davis]

Project Silence: Extraction.

That was one headache and a half and, since he was running out of time, Joshua decided to push it to the side. He didn't have enough time to make the necessary progress for it to be viable at all. He just wouldn't have anything solid to present to Ophis, not even something half-done like what he'd set up before with other projects just to cover himself.

He hadn't made much progress trying to push the still theoretical void element around, after all. Joshua wasn't sure if it was a thing at all. He grew increasingly convinced that it was not, indeed, something that existed, to be perfectly honest. Even then though, he hadn't gotten solid proof that it wasn't real either, so that's why he hadn't scrapped the project altogether.

Maybe he'd try again if he survived the first deadline by Ophis and he got more time.

Project Silence: Bubble.

That one was more solid, but he was a little nervous about it, he'd admit. Not because it didn't work, but because he didn't know how well it worked and if it didn't work well enough, it could be disastrous. The reason why the Gap didn't work for Ophis anymore was because of Great Red, at the end of the day. The problem with Bubble was, thus, that Joshua wasn't sure he could isolate a portion of the Gap from Great Red. Hell, he didn't know if he could isolate it from Ophis from the inside.

So, he didn't want to inadvertently piss off either of them.

With that in mind, Bubble was pushed to the last viable slot. If all else failed, he'd try that one out as a last resort. Joshua really hoped it wouldn't come to that though, because he was reasonably sure that it was his worst working option. It couldn't even be considered a gamble, not really. It was an unrealistic wish, if anything.

Project Silence: Room and Project Silence: Copy.

Now those? Those were the ones Joshua was banking everything on. Those were the ones that made solid progress. He had a foundation going, he was building upon that. It all looked good, on paper and in his mind. If those two failed, he'd basically lose all hope and just pray to some ROB to the best of his ability. It sounded bad in his head, but the situation was that fucked, really.

Still, he was confident in those.

They weren't perfect, but he thought there was a good chance of at least one of them being at least good enough to buy him more time. That was what he was shooting for, after all. He wasn't trying to succeed, he was trying to earn more time. There was just no way he'd recreate the fucking Dimensional Gap in a single month.

So, what he had would have to do.

And if it didn't…

He wouldn't think about that.

"Everything is stable?" Gabriel asked and he turned to look at her. "Nothing blew up and the room didn't become a pyramid."

"That happened once," he replied with a twitching eye. "And I'm still convinced that it was the Egyptians messing with me," he added and he was further convinced of this fact because the deities were suspiciously silent at that moment. "I just can't prove it."

"I'm sure you're right," the angel said and he mock-glared at her placid smile. "What?"

"You're very mean for an angel," Joshua answered, rolling his eyes and running his fingers through his hair. "Ok, I think that's all. Friday, can you keep an eye on this for a bit? You can spend time with your sisters while at it, yes," he said then, answering the living spell's question before she could ask it. Then he turned towards Cheshire, who was standing in front of the rest of his familiars, as if she were a representative. "Keep an eye on everyone and make sure Nagini doesn't eat anyone important," he told his feline familiar, getting a huff from the serpent.

As if he'd trust her to learn her lesson. She'd already tried to do exactly that, twice. Georg couldn't be left alone in a room with the serpent anymore and the East Youkai Faction was throwing a small tantrum after what happened to their representative during his last visit. Joshua was not in the mood to deal with that kind of nonsense with everything else that was going on. He'd rather not have to deal with Youkai politics and Yasaka would be very cross with him if he made her do it – again – when it was, technically, his responsibility.

So, he just brought up two fingers to his eyes and then pointed them at the snake.

"I will put you in time out during training," he threatened and he could have sworn the gigantic basilisk was pouting. Served her right though. "Be good, yeah? And don't let Friday just sit out," he told Morag as he walked past them, patting the human-spider hybrid on the head. "She needs to socialize more."

"Yes, daddy!" Morag replied enthusiastically, even while the living spell took her turn to pout at him. Metaphorically speaking, that is. "Have fun with Gabby!"

"Thanks, Morag. You have fun with your sisters," he said with a smile that only became wider when he saw that Gabriel seemed to like the Jorogumo's nickname for her. "Sorry for the delay," he commented once they both moved away a little. Not that he was actually sorry, but it was more of a polite thing to do. He had kept her waiting until he was done with his familiars/daughters.

He was still processing that, to be honest.

"Nothing to worry about," the angel reassured him with a beaming smile. "They are adorable."

"Even Nagini?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Even her," Gabriel confirmed with a nod and he pondered that. Not that he disagreed, not at all, but he knew what Nagini was like and what she looked like. Adorable wasn't a word many people would use for her and he knew it. Another thing to love about his angelic – literally, which he found kind of funny – partner. "Now, where are you taking me this time?" she asked and he grinned at her.

"You'll love it. Not a lot of architecture, but there's plenty of history and culture to go around," he told her as the teleportation circles started activating.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I was going to call this chapter a brief moment of relief during this very tension-filled arc… but is it really? I feel like, at most, it mimics Joshua's state of balance between confidence and nerves. Which, really, isn't bad at all, just not what I got as my first impression of this chapter, or what I think I was going for.

If anything, however, I think this is even better. Yet again unintentionally getting something good, I guess. Kudos to me.

Anyway, I hope you agree with me and enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Which of the Silence projects do you like most? It can be the one that you think will end in success first (or at all) or it can be the one that you find more interesting or any other way to look at the question, really.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 147 others
Adrian King
Nov 18, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 213 - Every Day like It’s the Last New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Nov 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,286
Every Day like It's the Last

28th day after Ophis visit.

Joshua was, quite frankly, panicking a little. He would not put it past Ophis to take the shortest possible month as the measure of time for their deal. The dragon struck him as a weird mix of patient and impatient in regards to what she wanted, which meant that she'd wait, but only as long as strictly necessary. How long was that? Unfortunately, that was anyone's guess, really.

He wasn't taking any chances though.

So, Joshua had prepared for those days, From the 27th and forward, he would not sleep, couldn't afford to. So, he'd come up with a number of ways not to screw himself over staying awake all day, every day until Ophis dropped by. He couldn't afford to be out of commission when the dragon came to knock on his door… Metaphorically speaking, that is.

He didn't know what Ophis would do if that happened, and Joshua hated not knowing things. So, he'd play the entire thing as safe as he could. He stayed up, working on things, and generally tried to go about his days without leaving the house at all. He needed to be available and able at all times, just in case. Else he risked everything going up in flames without so much as having a chance to put up a fight…

For a definition of a fight, that is.

"I know this is necessary," Yasaka commented, giving him a half-pitying and half-worried look. He kind of hated it, but he also understood and appreciated it, funnily enough. Thus, the most he managed was a wry smile as she continued. "But I hate seeing you do this to yourself."

He must be quite the sight, he guessed from her words. And it was only the first day too. How would he look if Ophis took longer than expected? Although, there was also the possibility that she was just worried about the fact that he had to wait up more than was humanly possible… without assistance, that is.

Magic, Senjutsu, Divine Intervention and more was all being applied to make sure he was at his best, hundred and ten percent there. He was doing better than in regular days, and it was all in the hopes that the little extra would help him deal with Ophis a little better. Also for the last minute effort to push his projects further.

The crash that'd follow whenever he eventually relented on his efforts to stay awake and able would be something to study. He wasn't even joking about that; he had Friday ready to check on how it went in the hopes that they could come up with a mitigation option if it became necessary in the future. As it was, Joshua would have to deal with that as he normally would the first time. He wasn't sure how the entire thing would affect his… everything. He expected at least a hit to his body and mind, but certainly at least some influence on his soul, considering some of the things that were in charge of keeping him going.

"I'm not a fan of doing this either, but it's not like we have many options," he replied, reaching for his cup of tea and shrugging before taking a sip. He wasn't lying or even exaggerating either. He did think it was necessary, because Ophis couldn't be trusted to have common sense or any capacity to be reasonable. The inner machinations of her mind were truly an enigma. "If things go well, I'll try to make things easier on all of us for the next time," Joshua commented.

Because if his attempts passed inspection, then he imagined it wouldn't be difficult to convince Ophis to visit at a specific time and such. He might even get her to actually help him narrow down things and iron out details about his projects to better work on them. If he was feeling optimistic, he thought he might even be able to convince her to wipe out Khaos.

And if his attempts failed… Well, that was truly not going to be his problem, he supposed. He already had things set up in case that happened. Important stuff and messages would be delivered to certain individuals that he imagined would survive Ophis and so on… Not the most cheery thing to think about, admittedly.

"When things go well," Yasaka said, eyes narrowed, as if they hadn't arranged for Kunou to be nowhere near the place for the foreseeable future. If he had things go his way, Joshua would have been the only person in about a whole city's radius. For some reason, Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel hadn't been fans of that approach. So, they'd agreed to one of them being around in eight hour rotations. He'd also had to set everything up in a spot that Yasaka could access, which had complicated things, admittedly.

Project Freedom having some progress had helped some in that regard, at least, because emptying Kyoto for days, maybe even weeks… wasn't going to be easy, even with supernatural help.

Admittedly, Joshua was grateful not to be alone during the wait and likely during the inspection, but there was no denying that the fact that someone would be within the initial blast zone made him even more afraid of failure. Because maybe, just maybe, if he failed and he was alone around, Ophis could decide that killing him would be enough. She could decide that'd be that and not bother with the rest of the alliance. He was the one that had delivered most of the heavy blows to the entire thing, after all, so maybe…

"Joshua?" Yasaka called and he sighed, bringing a hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose. He was getting in his head, and not in the way he needed nor wanted. He needed to either work on stuff or find some optimism somewhere, because thinking about worst case scenarios and failure wasn't going to help, at all.

"Sorry, just… overthinking things and not in a good way," he admitted, taking a sip from his tea. He closed his eyes and sighed, again, when he felt Yasaka's life energy wash over him and wrap around him. "Thanks, that's-" he started, only to interrupt himself with a groan when he felt a pair of soft, but deceptively strong hands start massaging his shoulders. "I love you, so much."

"I love you too," she replied, sounding amused.

[}-o-{]​

The 29th was a lot more relaxed than the 28th.

Joshua was pretty sure that Ophis wouldn't choose that day to drop by. Going by February on a leap year number of days to count a month would have been bizarre. And while the dragon could be a little unpredictable, she didn't seem like someone that'd go for that kind of unpredictable.

All the same, he didn't let his guard down on the matter anyway. Even with that, the day went by a lot more calmly and he was able to get a lot more work done than he had the previous day. He was also motivated to do well too, since one of the following two days was likely to be the one when shit would hit the fan. So, he needed to pour his all in the projects that day. He was unlikely to concentrate enough to get much done after that day, even if he'd still try, and he knew it.

"My brothers are asking for you to drop by, you know?" Gabriel commented idly and he paused. He didn't quite freeze, but it was a close thing. "I told them that you're busy now and might be busy in the future. Even without Ophis, Khaos understandably takes a lot of your time, and there's also your own life to take into account."

"It's not that I don't want to go, you know?"

"I told them that."

"Do you know that?" Joshua asked, turning and raising an eyebrow at the angel. There was a pause there and he couldn't have that, he knew. So, he ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. "I do want to go," he said clearly before he took a deep breath in. "There is a lot going on and… I worry, I'll admit. Heaven is… not a place where someone like me would go, pretty sure. And there's some… things that tell me that might not be a great idea."

He was pretty sure he was not Heaven worthy, not in his world and likely not in the DxD world, but he was less sure about that last one. Furthermore, the System had made several references to heavenly stuff and he wasn't sure how things would go if he actually went to Heaven or came anywhere close to their System, which was doing God's work in his absence.

"And you're afraid of my brothers."

"And I'm afraid of your brothers," Joshua admitted wryly, not even the smallest bit embarrassed by that. Those were Seraphs. Furthermore, if they decided to make nuisances of themselves, or God forbid – he realized only after the thought that it might not be very appropriate – they disapprove and become a problem for his relationship with Gabriel. A part of him expected that to be the case, actually, and it was only his ever so slightly developed faith in the DxDverse's wacky logic that prevented him from being a lot more pessimistic about his chances in regards to that.

"You shouldn't be," Gabriel replied, looking amused. "They will, at a minimum, tolerate you. They know I love you and they know this is important to me, so they'll refrain from doing anything overly antagonistic towards you," she explained and, while it was certainly reassuring, Joshua couldn't help but pause and note a distinctly hard, sharp look in her eyes.

And suddenly he wondered if there wasn't a 'if they know what's good for them' going unsaid there.

He was also a lot less scared about facing Gabriel's brothers all of a sudden, admittedly. Although, that didn't mean he wasn't still a little intimidated. Because this was the first time he had to properly face one of his partners' families and it was his angel partner, which made it all the worse. He'd been very close to Kunou before the idea of being with him even appeared with Yasaka, he was pretty sure. Sona thought well of him beforehand too and he ended up helping cure Serafall's father, so that had helped a lot there.

What did he have to smooth things over with the Seraphs though? Project Ascension, maybe, but that felt very impersonal, really. There was little else there, and that wasn't great. There was also plenty against him, he thought.

All in all… some might call him a coward, but Joshua was not looking forward to that day.

All the same though…

"I'll make time for a visit, if you don't think I'll burn up as soon as I step there," he said, giving up with a mental sigh as he smiled at Gabriel. "Or we can invite them over for dinner at home or something," he said, not meaning literally home, but more like… his old place before he moved in with Yasaka. That place was probably not a great way to meet the angels.

"I'd appreciate that," Gabriel told him, beaming brightly. Joshua just knew that he would have to actually go through with that as soon as he could then, otherwise he'd feel like a piece of shit. He'd almost accuse the angel of being manipulative, but then again, that was hardly a surprise.

Everyone knew he was a pushover when it came to someone he cared about.

"Yeah, yeah," he mumbled, looking back to his notebook and getting back to work. He resolutely ignored her giggles, but he appreciated her leaning on his side a lot more. He still disagreed with them sticking around, he disagreed with that a lot, but he was definitely grateful for it all the same. God knew he'd have gone mad by himself with only the Egyptians and his familiars through his bonds to keep him company. "Thanks for being here," he said, because it really did deserve to be voiced.

"Nowhere else I'd rather be," Joshua heard the angel say.

Not for the first time, he wondered how he ended up being so lucky.

[}-o-{]​

The 30th was tense.

The minutes trickled by like the incessant but agonizingly slow water drops from a faulty faucet. He knew it was happening, that time was passing, and yet it felt like the seconds were crawling by. Every hour felt like he was aging ten years.

And yet, with all the relative time in the world, Joshua got almost no work done. A spell correction here, a rewritten but ultimately equal circle there. It felt more like he was rewriting the same texts in the hopes of his writing coming off prettier than the previous attempt, rather than actual improvement on the practical side. Like washing an already washed plate, he kept going, trying to get better and achieving nothing but wasting time.

Joshua wasn't done, not even close, but his mind had decided to stop working, for the most part. Occasionally, he'd find something worth doing, but even that had its progress happening so slowly. He was getting nowhere and he knew it. More than ever, he wished he had some kind of spell that would allow him to speed up time so that they could get on with it.

"You're getting impatient."

"I am," he confessed freely and helplessly. Then he glanced at Serafall, noticing, not for the first time, how her childish persona had been pushed to the side. She was her more "normal" self, if that version of her could be called that. "Not even you are unperturbed though," he pointed out, although he wasn't sure why. Did he want to feel like he wasn't the only one freaking out? Was he offended or annoyed by her pointing out the obvious lack of composure on his end? Was it something else?

He wasn't sure.

All Joshua knew was that he was feeling very much not himself. He was afraid, yes, but he was also eager. He felt like he wanted to do something, but none of the things he had around were effective at removing that feeling. No, the only thing that would help was just… meeting Ophis, once and for all, so that they could be done with the entire thing.

"No, I'm not," Serafall admitted with a slight smile, as if she understood perfectly what was going through his head. Joshua himself wasn't sure he did, so he found that very impressive… if she understood him. For once, he was doubting her ability to do so, but only the smallest bit. She was probably not a stranger to such situations, even if Joshua was. She'd been around for a while and seen a lot of shit, after all. Probably faced similar things during the Civil War, if he had to take a guess.

"I hate it," he said, turning away and looking at his notes once more. His brain couldn't even process more than three words without drifting off and he felt like a failure and an idiot and a scared little boy in his parent's house. He realized it was all frustration and fear and nerves all mixed into one fun emotion, but Joshua couldn't do anything to stop himself.

All he could do was grip his pencil harder and hear the wood cracking the smallest bit.

"I know," Serafall told him, her hand reaching and taking his, saving his writing tool from doom… at least for the moment. Jury was still out on if the pencil would survive the night. "I know, Joshua."

What neither of them did know was what to do while they waited, evidently. It was odd that the most affected was Serafall of all people. She always seemed like the most disconnected from things, the one least bothered by the world. Yasaka could keep her calm in most situations, but she cracked. Gabriel was a little freer with what she felt, even if she allowed only shallow displays at best most of the time.

Serafall usually was all exaggerated childishness and little else. Even when she decided to do away with that persona, she was mostly just all smiles or calm or seriousness. Joshua realized only then that this was a whole new side of her that he was seeing.

He never wanted to see her like that again.

"What are we going to do?" he asked after a short pause in which he considered what to do, what to say. "Once this is over, we'll go on a date," he explained and he still felt like he'd missed like five sentences in that. "What do you want to do?"

"... I want to dance," she said and normally Joshua would have groaned. He didn't know how to dance. He had never cared for dancing. He'd never had the chance to dance either, really. Never learned, never tried, never did.

That summed up a lot of his life before dying.

"So, one of your parties in the Underworld? One with a dance floor?" he asked. His eyes stayed firmly set on the pages of his notebook, but his focus was on Serafall and how her body pressed to his side, leaning on him. "I think I can survive that… if you teach me how to dance."

"I'm sure Yasaka and Gabriel will be happy to help with that."

"And you three can laugh at me for a good bit too, so that doesn't hurt."

"I didn't say that," Serafall denied, but he could hear the smile on his face. "I know you hate those parties. I know you go to them because they are useful for me."

"Not like I can keep secrets from you all," he said, shrugging the shoulder that was free of her.

"I appreciate it, you know? I love that you'll go and be awkward for hours just to help me out," she told him and maybe he imagined it, but he thought he felt her head on his shoulder pressing a little more against him. "I appreciate that you'll go out in very public spots with me just because I like to show off."

"I think I knew what I was getting into when I decided to start a relationship with an actress," he commented with a smile of his own.

"... We're going to be fine, Josh."

To that, he just nodded.

[}-o-{]​

The 31st arrived with new heights of fear and nerves.

That was the day that Ophis had to arrive… because if she didn't, then when would she? Joshua had no idea what the answer to that particular question was, but he'd really rather not have to find out. He was pretty sure he would go crazy if he had to wait for an undermined amount of time after that day. Because at least for those days, he was reasonably sure Ophis would drop by at some point.

If she just… didn't, then she could pay them a visit any day.

That sounded like a nightmare.

Fortunately, or unfortunately, none of those fears came to pass though. The clock had marked midnight and he'd gulped. From there, he got himself yet another cup of tea and continued working after the first minute was gone. Yasaka, by his side, joined him silently, neither of them feeling particularly chatty at that moment. There was only so much they could all talk, after all, especially Joshua and especially considering the circumstances.

Besides, while he tried to work on his spellcrafting, Yasaka herself was working on her own paperwork for her faction. Business as usual, if not for the fact that the house was painfully quiet with just the two of them. Normally, there'd be something around. Maybe they'd hear servants out in the corridors. Maybe Kunou would be humming some song at the table with them. Maybe Koneko and Ravel would be silently glaring at each other while playing cards…

At that moment, it was just the occasional page being turned and the scratch of their pens and pencils against the paper.

Until something else joined them.

"Joshua Davis," he heard and he was rather proud of the fact that he only stiffened for a second before straightening and turning to the side. There stood Ophis, the creature of his nightmares those days, in all her deceptively young, gothic glory. "One month has passed," she announced and he felt a shiver run down his spine while the words washed over him like he'd jumped into arctic waters.

"It has," he agreed slowly, moving to stand up. He kept his eyes fixed on the dragon in human form though. Yasaka remained silent and his notes were now forgotten. "I have much to show you," he said, forcing a smile on his face. It was a small thing, but he managed to make it calm, confident, rather than panicked. "I've made… several attempts at making Silence for you," he told her.

For the first time – not that it meant much when Joshua had interacted with her twice and very briefly both times –, Ophis' calm seemed to be shaken the smallest bit. It was almost unnoticeable, but he saw it, because he was using his everything to try and navigate the situation. That's how he saw the tiny bit her eyes widened, the slight shift in her lips, the intense stare she directed his way.

"I've made several attempts, so, if you feel like anything I've made is bad or a failure, remember that there's more that might do better, please," Joshua said. Bitterly, he was reminded of his start in the DxD world. He was reminded of his first meeting with Sairaorg's peerage and how utterly small he'd felt faced with them. He was reminded of how he'd felt when people had come to him to help Yasaka back before he even knew her.

He was reminded of the times he was small, powerless, and he hated it, so much.

"Several attempts," Ophis said, and while there was no inflection to her voice, Joshua entertained the thought that there was awe in her words, somewhere. "I will see them all," she declared, like it was a definitive thing, a fact. Joshua supposed it was, because who was going to tell the Dragon of Infinity no or try and correct anything she said?

Not him, that was for sure.

"Of course," he replied, taking a deep breath in and nodding slowly. "Now, can you follow a teleport? Because I've set things up somewhere else," he asked and it took an herculean effort not to let his voice crack and his posture crumble. It was so difficult to stand there, in front of a being that could erase him and everyone he cared about and act like everything was fine.

He had to, however, so he did.

"I can," Ophis told him with a nod. "Go, I'll follow," she ordered and he nodded back. After a second and a deep breath in, he teleported away, Yasaka appeared almost at the same time as him and Ophis… Ophis was already there. "Now?" she urged, but he wasn't sure if she was annoyed already or eager or curious. It was difficult to tell anything from her, when she expressed absolutely nothing. A robot might have had more emotion in their voice and expression.

"Now, this is my first attempt," he said, speaking slowly as he tried to gather all his courage and all his confidence for what was to come.

It was time, after all. Ophis was there, his spell arrays were set and his creations laid out. Now the dragon just needed to test them, to see them for herself and decide if they were good enough. From that hinged everything, his continued existence and the safety of people he cared about. Everything depended on his work being good enough and while he'd never been the most confident, he was pretty sure he reached new levels of uncertainty at that moment.

Because how could be confident on anything, when the result of failure was so dire and he'd struggled so much to get anything done?

"Ophis, I present you, Project Silence: Copy," he announced, opening the door.

It was time to face the music.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

We're finally here.

I admit this arc was long. Was it too long? I guess that's a matter of perspective. I don't think so, but I understand and acknowledge that I'm likely in the minority there. I'm sorry to everyone that was done with all the repetitive Slice of Life and spellcrafting five or ten chapters ago.

As I said though, we're here, so I hope I can at least make all that wait worth it…

And I also hope that you enjoyed the chapter, of course.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: If you look to the right, what's the first thing you notice? I have my joystick next to my mouse. I've been using it to play Hades. First time I use one on PC rather than mouse and keyboard, actually.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 172 others
Adrian King
Nov 25, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 214 - The Darkness That You Know New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 2, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,306
The Darkness That You Know

"What do I need to do?" she asked, looking at the now open door with a flat expression. If he weren't absolutely terrified out of his mind and Ophis weren't there threatening his life and Yasaka's and maybe everyone else's, Joshua would have found the sight funny, maybe even cute. As it was, he just felt a stab of panic at the possibility that he could already be messing up.

All the same, he kept his calm as best he could.

"You just need to step inside, the spells around the room will do the rest," he explained simply. "There's two versions of this. I feel like one of them might be me misunderstanding something and mimicking Great Red's presence in the Gap, so feel free to come out and tell me if I should do something different," he added, gulping when he saw Ophis frown. He tried not to let that get to him too much as the Dragon of Infinity approached his creation, pursing his lips and stiffening. He wanted to say a few more things, but it was better to leave it for the moment, or so he thought, at least.

Right before Ophis entered the room though, Joshua shared a look with Yasaka, both of them taking a deep breath in. It was the moment of truth. Or, at least, it was one of them. If they were lucky, it might even be the only thing they needed to do, but Joshua was nowhere near that optimistic.

As it turned out, that was a good thing, because as soon as Ophis stepped inside, some spells started breaking instantly.

Feeling a shiver run down his spine, Joshua started going over the spells and what they did and what little he knew of why they broke. As soon as he could, he went off to re-cast them with slight modifications. They ended up being worse than the original set up, by not a small margin even, but at least they weren't breaking in the wake of Ophis mere existence like their previous iterations. After doing that, he also went over the list of spells he had prepared for Room and Bubble and tried to put together a list of the spells most likely to fail and how to fix that. He also tried to come up with better fixes for Copy, obviously, but it might be a little late for that.

Just like that, his faith in one of the best projects was shaken.

Ophis didn't immediately obliterate the room though, but she did walk out after about a minute.

"It's not Silence," she said and there was the slightest accusation there in her voice, he was pretty sure. "I can feel… Dummy Red, but not," she added, her frown turning from anger – or maybe just annoyance? – to confusion, or maybe a mix of both. "Make it go away."

"I'll make changes for that," he said with a nod. 'The different treatment of Kokabiel in the Gap is probably Great Red's influence then,' he noted silently to himself. That was the only guess he had as to what feeling "Dummy Red" could possibly mean in that situation. A part of him was fascinated by that, but a greater one was worried he might have messed up already. There was no use panicking though, not then and there. "If you could give me a bit. Once I've stopped making changes, feel free to come out and tell me if there's something I should remove or change… Or you can wait here until after I've made the changes," he added and the dragon nodded before going back in, her frown deepening before she disappeared through the threshold.

She stayed inside after that and he couldn't tell anything about what was going on, but he focused on what he had to do. He took down spells, modified others and kept fixing the ones that had broken before. There was no use worrying about what might be going on inside the room other than that nothing had been blown up yet. Any sensory spell or attempt to reach inside the room could just ruin the effect immediately, so the rooms were essentially voids in that regard too. He took the fact that she hadn't immediately called it a failure as a win though, even if it could still be a minor one, a useless one.

Once he was done actually casting modifications, he got back to tinkering as best he could with the spells that would need fixing, changing. Maybe Copy was ruined already, labelled a failed attempt because of the unexpected set backs, but at least those had helped him find out key weaknesses in his designs. Maybe even helped prevent the same from happening to Room and Bubble, if he could work things out quickly enough, if he had enough time.

So, with a clear goal and some data, Joshua got to work. That was much better than stumbling blindly through a million ideas and throwing them all at the wall to see what stuck. He could work with either, but he'd much rather have some clues to work off of, honestly. And so he worked, with Yasaka's senjutsu wrapping around him, a calming and reassuring presence. She didn't do anything else though, probably trying not to distract him nor get in the way of his work, which was very much appreciated.

He didn't manage to get through everything before Ophis walked out of the door, however.

Joshua felt his heart sink when he saw the slight frown on her face, barely noticeable but definitely there. For a whole second, he didn't know what to do, what to say. Was he supposed to wait for a review? Was he supposed to say something, ask something? Was Copy a failure in the end, was it good enough, was it workable for a next time provided he had the chance?

"That was… not Silence," the dragon said and it was only the fact that he had kind of seen that coming that prevented him from just dying inside then and there. It was still pretty bad to hear that though, he was not going to lie about that. To make a bad situation worse, she left it at that, didn't elaborate, didn't explain, didn't say anything else. Ophis proceeded to just wait there and Joshua felt like tearing his hair out.

Instead, he took a deep breath in.

"Can I ask a few questions?" he asked, making the dragon turn towards him. She almost seemed surprised, as if she had forgotten they were there. "I can try and make it better next time if I have more information," he said, trying to subtly – or maybe not so subtly – give her the idea that it might be good to let him live.

"... Ask," she answered simply and it was that curt, blunt nature that was driving him insane. He was a magician, he thrived in preparation, in information, yet Ophis gave him nothing to work with. It was like she was trying to give him as little as she possibly could to work with. He took some solace in the fact that Yasaka seemed as perturbed as he felt, if the fluctuation in her senjutsu was anything to go by.

"Why wasn't it Silence? Was there anything you'd say worked? Was there anything that failed worse than the rest of things?" he asked, trying to keep his slight panic and nerves at bay and only partially succeeding. Those were the three questions that got priority when he thought about what he'd ask Ophis if he had the chance to get some feedback. He had a million questions, of course, but more questions had a risk of screwing him over, annoying the dragon or something along those lines, with every added one.

He couldn't risk it.

"Everything was still there, but… the outside was… muted?" Ophis said, as if unsure how to describe what she felt or was looking for. He'd kind of worried about that, that she'd find his questions, his doubts, to be on the same level as trying to describe sight to a blind man. He'd just have to work with what he was given, he supposed. Although…

'She can sense through the spells, that's… impressive, expected, but still impressive. Something I can try and work through,' he thought, noting that down with a frown and narrowed eyes. He wasn't sure how he'd try to improve the blocks that separated the room from the outside world, but that was a recognizable issue and he appreciated it all the same.

"And inside… it was like something pretending to be nothing, odd," Ophis continued and Joshua paused. 'She can sense the magic even though it's hidden, see through the illusions. Have to work on that,' he thought, writing that down too. "It was… less bothersome, somehow? It wasn't Silence, but it wasn't… annoying, somehow. Or, it was less annoying" Ophis said and she seemed to be struggling to put things into words more and more as she went.

What she did manage to say though, gave Joshua pause. 'Not Silence, but not annoying, less annoying?' he considered slowly, turning over the words and trying to piece together the puzzle they represented. He went over every single thing Ophis said like they were entire books, taking into consideration every possible meaning. He could leave nothing up in the air and he knew it.

"Not Silence," the dragon said then, as if she had reached a conclusion after much deliberation. "But somehow better than outside," she announced and Joshua took heart in that. "Some things broke, but you fixed that. Those made it more annoying than it was supposed to be," she added and he nodded slowly.

So, he'd been somewhat on the right track, he just had to make sure everything survived Ophis' presence. That was doable, definitely. Other than that, he didn't bother asking how she knew how they were supposed to be when they had died immediately, but he suspected that she might have felt the instant between the spells being fine and the spells breaking, even though it had been… Well, instant.

That sounded like the kind of bullshit logic that could be applied to someone like Ophis.

"What's next?"

He nodded, acknowledging that the time for questions was over. That had already gone much better than he'd feared, admittedly, so he felt himself relax the smallest bit. That was a lot more information than he thought and it was also a much more positive reception than he thought he'd get for the project. Now, it was a matter of presenting Room, maybe presenting Bubble and then… finding out if any of them were enough.

"This way," he said, taking a deep breath in and walking to the next spot. It wasn't far enough to teleport, but it was far enough that it gave him a few seconds to think things over, try to come up with better fixes for the spells that were likely to break. It also gave Ophis a moment to think too, and maybe she'd say something, point out something, and give him some more info to work on.

That last part might have been wishful thinking on his part though, because they go through the short walk in complete silence. That was still fine though. Joshua had gotten some answers to his questions and he was feeling pretty good about his chances. Unless Ophis was surprisingly sadistic, he didn't think she'd answer his questions if she wasn't going to allow him to work on that and improve. So, at the very least he might live to see the next day.

It wasn't a huge reassurance, but it was something.

"This is the next one, Project Silence: Room," Joshua announced and Ophis nodded, staring at the door as he went to open it. "Some things might break too, but if you give me a few moments, I'll try and fix those here too. I'll keep trying to fix them to the best of my ability even after I've replaced them. Also, same as before, there might be some Great Red presence in what I made, but I'll try and get rid of it. Feel free to come out and tell me if I miss something in that regard, if I remove something I shouldn't or if there's anything that needs extra work," he explained, slowly but clearly.

He was feeling bolder after that first attempt. He wasn't afraid that Ophis would smite him if he spoke too much anymore, not as much at least. That helped a lot, because if he could explain, if he could ask questions, then that meant he could try and reason with the dragon. Joshua thought that might be the biggest victory of the day, all things considered.

"Do I just walk in too?" the dragon asked and he nodded slowly. A second later, she did just that and Joshua got to work. First order of business was getting rid of the Great Red effect as best he could, although he hadn't done as much in Room as he had in Copy. He'd been trying to re-create the void instead of just replicating the effects, so there'd been less of Great Red's fake presence being applied.

After that came fixing the broken spells due to Infinity. That was a little more complex, because none of the spells carried over from Copy, but some of his guesses were correct. He was quick to replace those with as good a fix as he could manage in such short notice. Once everything was patched up, he started improving on the spells as best he could. He kept going for a good few minutes, maybe even close to an hour. Time had become a little wonky in his focus… But eventually, he slowed down, because there was only so much he could tinker on the spot like that.

That meant that Ophis would decide he'd had enough time to fix things eventually, he knew. Still, Joshua kept going for as long as he could. So long as Ophis didn't step out to complain or give her review, then he had time. The minutes kept passing by, but the clear deadline, even if he didn't actually have a time set up, motivated him a great deal. He had some things to go off on too, new things at that. So, while he kept patching up the same spells over and over, Joshua also started wondering how to tinker the isolation array, the one that made sure – or was supposed to make sure – that Ophis wouldn't be able to sense anything beyond the room.

It wasn't really a surprise that those failed. He was trying to imitate a void and failing, so it wasn't any wonder that he couldn't block off her senses from breaking through. It was annoying, because he couldn't think of how to improve those, since he couldn't sense anything through them himself and neither could anyone else he knew, but… He'd have to do it anyway, just like with everything else.

At least he'd succeeded partially, or so he assumed the "muted" comment implied.

Small mercies and silver linings.

Thus, time kept passing them by and Joshua started noticing that Ophis wasn't coming out. Even after minutes and minutes of him not touching any spells anymore, the dragon remained inside and he had no idea why. It couldn't be bad though, he imagined. If something had bothered her, he was pretty sure it'd have been blasted away and likely included him soon afterwards. Instead… nothing was happening.

He traded a look with Yasaka.

"It's been longer than with Copy, right?" he asked and his youkai partner nodded slowly, seemingly as taken aback as he was. "That's… That should be good, right?" he mumbled, but that was as much to himself as it was for Yasaka.

"Should be," she replied with as much certainty as he was feeling, which was almost none. "It's going… a lot better than we feared, right?"

"Not as well as we hoped," he finished, but that was a little pessimistic of him. His best hopes had been that Ophis would be happy with his first presented idea and she'd offer to deal with Khaos for him as a thank you. Everything would be over and everyone would live happily ever after…

But alas, it wasn't that easy, expectedly.

"That was unlikely to happen, Joshua. You can be happy with what you've achieved so far," Yasaka told him and he wanted to believe her. He wanted to believe her so hard. But what he had so far? It wasn't enough. It could still mean failure, mean death, and he couldn't accept that. "I think… I think you might've done it."

Might've.

Not have.

'Not enough.'

"I won't be happy until I know I've done it," he said, studying the current spells and trying to come up with ways to improve them. Yasaka felt silent after that, but she moved to stand beside him, their arms almost touching and she was basically hugging him with her senjutsu, with her life energy. That was enough for him.

More minutes passed like that, and he still didn't make any changes. It wouldn't do to rush things. He could compromise the entire array, the entire set of arrays, if he placed something recklessly. That's why he made the simpler changes first and built from there, needing more and more time, up to the point he was in at that moment.

Eventually and expectedly, he ran out of time.

"That was… quieter," Ophis said as she stepped out and there was a certain off feeling about how she spoke, different from before at least. It was a little lower in volume, he was pretty sure, and there was even more vacancy in her gaze, as if she were distracted. Joshua, for his part, was incredibly happy with that assessment, even if it wasn't the best.

It wasn't Silence, obviously.

It wasn't quiet either, which was more or less what he'd been actually aiming for. It was quieter though, and that was the third "sound" description Ophis had given him. Silence was what she was looking for. Muted was how she'd described his sensory blockage between the rooms and the outside. And now… quieter.

"I'd like to ask the same questions as before," Joshua said, taking a deep breath in. "Why wasn't it Silence? Was there anything you'd say worked? Was there anything that failed worse than the rest of things? How was it different from the previous one?" he repeated, but he did add the new question. Comparison might make things easier for Ophis and him both. That was his hope, at least, but that might be a little optimistic of him.

"The previous one wasn't Silence, not at all," she said, which… ouch. "It was less annoying though. This one is… not Silence either, but it's… quieter. Like it's Silence, but lesser," she explained and he blinked. Did that mean Copy was noise but less-annoying noise? That was…

'Wait,' he thought, his mind hitting the metaphorical pause button. 'Did I make a white noise room for Ophis without realizing?' he wondered, blinking repeatedly as he thought that, maybe, that was actually the case.

On the other hand, Room seemed to be a… soundproof room, or Ophis' equivalent of one, at least. It was quieter than the normal world, but not completely silent, like the Gap. If that tracked, then maybe Great Red was doing the equivalent of entering her house and blasting music full send with no consideration whatsoever. That made him sound like an asshole, honestly, although Ophis didn't have much of a leg to stand on, considering the mess she was making in their home.

"Ok… I think that helps," he commented, making mental notes to add to his actual ones as soon as he could. In that regard, it was a good thing that Yasaka was with him, because that was another pair of eyes and ears and another memory to support his own when he had the time to go over things. "My last attempt is… I think it's better not to try that one out. It was to separate a piece of the Gap for yourself, but if I couldn't separate the world from the rooms, then I imagine you'll still feel Great Red," he admitted, because there was no point in risking it and annoying her, at least not without properly warning her. "I'm not sure if you want to try that."

"No," she replied immediately and firmly, so that was that. Then, however, Joshua was surprised to see her glance back towards the Room. "You've… done well. You didn't lie," she said then, turning and locking the windows into infinity that were her eyes onto him. Joshua had to fight a flinch immediately, flashes of a different infinity crossing his mind. "You've made something worth being spared for. So you shall be."

"Thank you," he breathed out, a lot of the tension leaving his body-

"However,-" The tension came back with a vengeance immediately. "-I won't interfere between you and the Brigade. Either you will give me Silence, or they will. I care not which and I care not for this… conflict," she told him and that was… not what he'd hoped for, but he'd take it. He definitely would take it. "Continue working on this, Joshua Davis. I will come back."

"Wait," he said when she started turning around, making her pause. "Maybe we can agree to a specific time? I want to know for sure when you'll come, so I can have things ready properly," he explained and she paused. "Or better yet. You can take this," he added, passing her a necklace with a communication spell. "If you hold it and say my full name, it'll call me and we can agree to a meeting whenever-"

"Next month," Ophis interrupted and he almost gritted his teeth. "I'll call you in a month and we'll agree to a meeting time within a few days. Is that agreeable?" she said, but Joshua had a feeling that she wasn't actually asking. It was a wonder that she had, at all, if he were honest.

He nodded slowly at that.

"Yeah, that… that works." Nothing about that day was going to be ideal, he realized, but at least he was alive, Yasaka was alive, and they could continue to fight against the Brigade, this time without the threat of literal infinity hanging over their heads. As far as non-ideal situations were concerned, it was pretty good. "Thank you," he added, because he wanted to be polite and nice with the dragon that could erase him, his family, his friends, and the world if she felt like it.

He was rather fond of those things, Joshua would admit.

'Things went well though,' he had to remind himself. He'd done well and Ophis was pleased and she wasn't going to make them all disappear. His efforts had paid off. 'He'd done enough.' Joshua had to repeat that to himself in his head like a mantra just to calm down his heart, which had been beating wildly ever since the dragon first appeared. 'It was enough… I did enough,' he thought, breathing deeply as if it were a succession of sighs as subtle as he could make them.

"Thank you," she replied, but it mostly sounded like she didn't even know what the words meant, or so he thought. She looked confused, as if unsure if she was using the words correctly. It was a bit jarring, for reasons Joshua couldn't quite wrap his head around at that moment, nor did he want to bother, when there were a lot of things much more important than that. "I'll see you in a month, Joshua Davis," she said with a nod.

That's when Joshua had to do an herculean effort not to glance at the screen that appeared on the side of his vision and instead keep his gaze locked on Ophis. That's how he noticed though, that the dragon immediately tilted her head to the side and blinked. 'That's…' Joshua thought, eyebrows shooting up and eyes growing wide, as he realized that she was looking straight at the screen.

Ophis was looking at the Game screen.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Bet none of you guys saw that coming, huh? Huh?!

Please tell me you didn't. I feel like a disadvantage of my style of writing is that it makes things kind of predictable sometimes. It's harder to make unexpected things happen when everyone acts as they should. It makes them predictable and so it's harder to actually write proper surprises.

I still prefer to do things my way, but it's a bit of a shame that I don't get to have those moments often.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Everyone knows the cats or dogs question, but what's your favorite between birds or fish? Personally, I like fish better. Less of a mess, even if they have their own particular care needs.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 174 others
Adrian King
Dec 2, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 215 - ‘Til I Burn Beyond Control New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,324
'Til I Burn Beyond Control

"What… is that?"

Ophis' words made Joshua freeze further. There was something deeply disturbing about someone else seeing the Game. Nobody had so far and it was just… one of those truths of the world, as far as he was concerned. Nobody saw the Game, the Game existed for him alone. After all, not even he could find any trace of it with his own sensing and spells, and he knew it was there. He'd tried too, out of curiosity if nothing else yet…

Yet Ophis could see it?

It shouldn't be a shock, not really. It made sense, in a way. She could see through all his attempts at blocking senses, something which nobody could do, as far as he was concerned. She was also Infinity, so it made sense that no normal logic could apply to her. If he thought about it, Joshua knew Ophis and Great Red were the ones most likely to be able to sense the Game.

Yet, he hadn't thought about it, and even knowing all that, he was still shaken by the reveal.

"Oh," she voiced, blinking at the screen, before he could react at all. A quick, almost reflex-induced glance of his own, forced to lose the battle to keep his eyes on the Dragon Infinity, made Joshua notice that the screen was frozen too. A rectangle floating in the air, with no text at all, was all that he could see there. Although, in the second his look lasted, he saw it glitch, as if trying to show some kind of text and failing with the thing flashing in and out of existence at the edges. "So, this is it?" Ophis mumbled, head tilted as if she were looking at an interesting trinket or decoration. "How… odd."

'What's happening?' Joshua thought, feeling the slightest bit panicked. He wasn't good at dealing with unexpected things and that, that was very much an unexpected event. He hadn't been prepared for that kind of thing, not at all. It made him feel small in a way that Ophis' mere presence and threat hadn't. It wasn't worse per se, but it carried a sense of unease that was completely different to the aforementioned.

"I see," the dragon continued and Joshua was really wondering if there was anything he should say or do. He didn't know how to address this and he didn't even know if he should. Ophis seemed lost in her own world, actually. She was talking to herself – she was talking to herself, right? – and answering her own questions and statements… "Very well," she finished with.

After that, she straightened, as if she were snapped out of her own thoughts or, perhaps more accurately, out of her observations. She turned her infinitely deep gaze towards his eyes instead of the screen, still frozen, flickering and glitching. Without realizing, Joshua himself stiffened further almost like he was waiting for an attack to come his way. He was still processing what was happening, but Ophis seemed to have beaten him to the punch, which was perhaps to be expected.

"I will see you," she announced and Joshua had to wonder – privately, of course – if that was supposed to mean anything to him. All the same, the dragon tilted her head consideringly at him before nodding.

And then she disappeared.

He had no time at all to process that though. That was because the previously affected screen flashed again, this time in front of his eyes, very invasively so. The Game had never been that on his face, literally and metaphorically. It always seemed discreet, at the edge of his vision unless he wanted to look at it, like it was helping keep its presence hidden.

Not that time though.

Furthermore, gone were the blue screens, or even the brown-yellow screens marked by the Egyptian touch – They didn't actually see the Game, Joshua had checked. He'd checked. – or the Dark or Bright marked by holy or demonic effects. No, this time it was deep purple, almost black, with a much lighter shade detailing the border and writing the text inside.

[Good job. Thank you. Here, have this:

+ New Perk: Touched by Infinity]

'... What the fuck?' he thought, blinking at it. That was the most tampered with screen he'd ever gotten. Not even the Egyptians, the closest such thing he could remember, had done something like that. He'd have to try and talk to those, maybe he'd missed something when he'd checked with them... As it was though, he was still feeling the shock and trying to move past it.

All the same, a corner of his mind found enough awareness to call for the next, very obvious step.

Or, it would have, if not for the next bout of insanity that was thrown his way. Because he was going to check on the new Perk, more out of habit than anything. However, he was interrupted by the overwhelming sense of power flowing through him. It felt… crippling, like when he'd pushed the limits of the body with Project Spring, pushing magic into someone past the limits of their bodies.

Except, this time, it was him and his body didn't tear itself apart and explode. It certainly felt like it would though, but the seconds passed and Joshua was still very much alive, very much fine, if still overwhelmed. So much so, that it took him a while to realize that he was on the ground, on his hands and knees and heaving.

'What… what the fuck is this?' he wondered, eyes wide as he called for the only possible explanation he could think of.

[Touched by Infinity

Infinite Magic Reserves.

Immunity to the Dimensional Gap.]

If his eyes weren't already as wide as they could possibly go, they certainly have been after that. As it was, Joshua was left staring at the words, trying to make sense of them and failing miserably. 'Infinite… fucking infinite, what…?' his shocked mind tried to think, but it fell short, still trying to deal with all that had happened, plus the apparently… infinite magic flowing through his body.

"... Joshua!" a voice called and he turned slightly, glancing out the corner of his eyes to see Yasaka's absolutely panicked expression. "Joshua, are you alright? What's happening?!" she screamed, noticing that some awareness had come back to him, or so he assumed. Maybe she'd been asking that kind of thing all the while and he'd just noticed.

"Ophis…" he mumbled. There was irony in the fact that he couldn't quite muster the strength to speak at that moment, with all the power in the world at his fingertips. "Ophis… was too happy, maybe," he said, wryness mixed with unease. Because…

Because what the actual fuck?

[}-o-{]​

"Infinite magic?!" Serafall asked, borderline screaming.

"My reaction, honestly," Joshua answered wryly. He was sitting a little slouched, like he'd gone through a particularly gruesome bout of training or something. He felt exhausted, even though he was full of energy. He could only breath shallowly, as if his belly was so full that he couldn't fill his lungs all the way. Even looking up felt like an herculean effort. "I think… I think…"

"Are you alright, Joshua?" Gabriel asked, concern breaking through her usually placid expression even more than it already had before. Despite the negative connotations, Joshua found himself moved that she was so worried. He wondered if that made him a bit of an asshole. "Because you don't look like you are."

"I'm fine," he breathed out as best he could. Then he took a moment to get some comfort from Friday, the spell wrapped around his body as best she could while being just energy. The same went for Cheshire, in regular cat form on his lap, Nagini, who was acting as the biggest puff chair once more, Morag, who clung to his back like a mix of piggy-backing and hugging, and Margalo, who had perched herself on his shoulder. His familiars grounded him as best they could, offering physical comfort just as much as they offered him an escape through the bond, letting him feel things other than overwhelming magic coursing through his laughably – and more obviously than ever – mortal body. "Still… Still getting… used to it," he managed to mutter.

"Do you need anything?" Yasaka asked and it was only because of her that he managed to get there at all. Otherwise, he might just have dropped on the ground where he'd been and passed out for days. As it was, she helped him back home and had been the anchor keeping him going.

"I need to sleep… for a year," he answered, only half-joking and they could tell, if their persistently concerned expressions were anything to go by. "Just a little time," he added afterwards, completely truthfully. "Staying awake… so long… definitely didn't help," he said with a weak smile and the slightest of shrugs.

"You've earned that much, for sure," Yasaka commented softly, pushing off a stray lock of his hair from his forehead. Although, he wondered if there had actually been something there or if it was just a gesture. "We'll keep everything from exploding, alright? Take care of yourself, Joshua."

"I need to see Kunou," he said, finding strength where there wasn't any. "Ravel and Koneko too," he added. He didn't want to play favorites like that, after all, even if Kunou had come first. Which was a little funny, since usually the older siblings came first…

And Joshua was realizing that maybe he was a little out of it.

Not out of it enough not to notice his partners sharing a concerned look between themselves. Eventually though, they nodded almost in sync. Then Yasaka and Serafall stood up and Gabriel shifted to sit beside him, on the opposite side from where his youkai partner had been, Nagini adjusting herself to make a spot for her.

"We'll be back before you can miss us," Serafall told him, some of her usual cheer coming back to her as she winked. She smiled so brightly that it pulled a slight smile from his weary self and he appreciated that. It was yet another distraction, yet another thing to pull him away from the overwhelming feeling of too much power flowing through his entirely, painfully fragile body.

"Sleep if you need to. They'll understand," Yasaka told him, even though she had to realize that he wouldn't. He couldn't pass out and leave his children to worry. They'd been with him when he needed them, all understanding and helpful. He had to do something for them, even if it wasn't much.

"... You're not going to sleep, are you?" Gabriel asked him when the two women teleported away. There was that now very familiar fond and exasperated smile on her face. Joshua was coming to accept that he just pulled those out of his partners on the regular for some reason. He wasn't always sure of that reason, but he usually had guesses. "You're an incredible man, do you know that?"

"People are starting to… drive that point home," he mumbled with a slight smile. Even his non-existent self-esteem struggled to bring him down those days though. There was only so much he could talk himself down in the face of the things he could do though, especially when, as he said, there were other people around to help put things into perspective.

"Only you, Joshua," Gabriel told him, leaning onto his side and resting her head on his shoulder.

"I love you," he said then, feeling the angel twitch, or maybe stiffen, or maybe just shift? He wasn't sure, but he noticed a change. "I'm so glad… I didn't mess everything up." The funny thing was that the statement could be directed at a bunch of things, not all of them related to that particular day and all that had happened during it.

"... I love you too," she told him, turning around and giving him a soft, light kiss on the lips. "You did amazingly, Joshua."

"I did enough," he mumbled, eyes closing and basking on the victory, however minor it might have been. Ophis was going to come back eventually, but that was a problem for the future. As it was, he'd made it, so…

"You did, more than enough" Gabriel whispered, giving him a kiss on his temple this time and he felt something uncoil in him. "Sleep."

He almost protested that, he almost said he didn't want to. He had to wait for the girls. Yet, all he managed was a slight movement of his lips, an attempt with no hope of success.

And then he felt consciousness slip from his grasp in the mist of power beyond what he could even understand.

[}-o-{]​

[Yasaka]

She almost laughed.

Coming back to Joshua asleep with his familiars around and Gabriel by his side was not something she expected. She had been sure he'd hold up until his daughters visited him. He was stubborn and determined like that, after all. The man powered through things for his family in a way that was almost as nonsensical as his prowess with magic was.

He'd finally found his match though, evidently.

It was very telling that it took infinity to bring him down though and he'd still held up for as long as he could. Whatever Ophis had done to him though, it was concerning, but also reassuring. Because if Joshua was a force to be reckoned with before, now that he had literally unlimited magic at his disposal, he'd be a monster in his own league. Yasaka had already been about even matched if it really came down to it – and if he didn't have much preparation time, admittedly –, but now Joshua was maybe even pulling ahead of Serafall and Gabriel.

And that was without him having time to learn and adapt to what he now had access to.

How odd, to be the weakest in a relationship, she mused. Maybe that'd be something to discuss with the other two at some point, because they had to be strangers to the concept too, she was sure. Admittedly, Gabriel was a stranger to most relationship concepts though, probably. Maybe even all of them.

The train of thought led her to thinking that maybe it was about time they got together for a girl's night out at some point.

As it was, they had more pressing matters to deal with at the moment. Most important of all being Joshua's condition. Because not only would he be dealing with his attempts at staying awake for days and days, pushing even beyond optimal condition to deal with Ophis as best he could. On top of that, they had to add infinite magic that the dragon had just unceremoniously dumped on him.

There was a small silver lining though and it was that Joshua wasn't falling apart because of the power, however. Because all three of them had heard about Joshua's studies on whatever Ophis had given Khaos Brigade. They had all heard about the power up it brought and how it tore apart the existence of whoever took that. Even to that day, Kokabiel and Katerea were only still held together by Joshua's efforts.

Yet, she could feel none of that in Joshua, so that was reassuring. She'd also had the other two check, discreetly, but they'd come to the same conclusion. So, all in all, it really was just a boon bestowed upon Joshua… despite the drastic effect it seemed to have had on him.

"He must've been really tired," Serafall commented, her voice barely above a whisper. She'd apparently teleported in while Yasaka's thoughts went on tangents, Ravel and Koneko by her side. Two girls that Yasaka didn't know what to think of. They were all but adopted by Joshua, but they also tended to keep their distance for the most part, even if that sounded contradictory. Maybe they were just looking for a father figure – a better one, maybe, in the Phenex's case – to latch onto, without actually having Joshua act as their parent, she supposed.

Admittedly, she'd thought that of Kunou too, once upon a time, so maybe that's why she was skeptical.

"His stubbornness met its match," Gabriel replied, her voice even lower than the Satan's had been, understandably. She looked entirely too happy where she was and Yasaka was almost jealous… Well, she definitely was, but only the smallest bit. That was just the kind of thing they had to deal with, all three of them.

But it was worth it; Joshua was worth it.

"I'll have to adjust his schedule more, won't I?" the Phenex girl asked, but she sounded more worried and maybe determined than annoyed. She was dutiful, Yasaka would give her that. Serafall had really outdone herself when she got the girl to help Joshua with his things, because there was only so much that they could help him with. Besides, the man would have been a lot more reluctant to accept their help like that.

Just like they would have been in turn, to be fair.

"If you would," Serafall answered, beaming. "That'd be great, Ra-tan!" she added exaggeratedly, but it showed that she was forcing it a little too much. Yasaka had noticed, as time went by, that her act slipped a lot more at times. Maybe Joshua had helped her about as much as he had helped Yasaka herself, even if it was, perhaps, less obvious.

"Hm," the girl hummed, pulling out a notebook from a storage spell and sitting down across from Joshua getting to work. Koneko, perhaps not knowing what else to do, sat down beside her. "Will have to check with Waterhouse but things there should be fine," the young devil mumbled and Yasaka watched her start working curiously.

Although, truth be told, she was mostly just… thinking. Thinking about how close they'd all been to disaster. She remembered watching Joshua interact with Ophis and being unable to do anything other than offering silent support for the most part. She remembered all the little signs she noticed, all the tells that the man was scared out of his wits, yet he kept it together long enough to get through the entire ordeal.

And she remembered feeling absolutely useless.

There was surely something more she could have done. She might not be one of the faction leaders, but she was a faction leader all the same. Surely there was a way she could do more, right? It wasn't even about competing with the other two, like she'd thought at times. No, this was about being able to help Joshua beyond being an ear to listen to him and offering comfort through senjutsu.

There had to be something else…

And maybe she had an idea for that.

[}-o-{]​

[Koneko Toujou]

"It'll be fine."

She just hummed in response to those words.

"He's just sleeping."

"I know," she replied curtly.

"It's kind of adorable how much you care," her sister commented and Koneko didn't even have to look at her to know she was smiling stupidly. "I'm a little jealous, I'll admit."

She ignored that.

"Do you want to work on your senjutsu a bit more?" It was a testament, maybe, of how worried Koneko must have looked – or felt – to her sister for Kuroka to offer that and not seem playful or anything of the sort. She'd said that softly, warmly even and it made Koneko a little uncomfortable. It reminded her of times before things went wrong and that was good, but it also reminded her of how things had gone wrong.

"Yes," she answered with a mumble and that's what they did. She sensed what her sister did with her life energy and tried to imitate it. It was something Kuroka had come up with, as a way to train both her sensing and her manipulation. Admittedly, Koneko was pretty sure it was also so that she could avoid actually teaching and talk nonsense, but she wasn't wrong. It did help Koneko learn how to sense properly.

So, that's how they spent the better part of an hour or two.

All the while, Koneko stared at Joshua's sleeping form. Ravel had to leave to go back to her place, because she did actually have a family waiting for her, even if they didn't sound like… much of a family, really. Kunou, for her part, had to be dragged away by her mother because she was younger and she had a schedule. There was also the fact that, for as worried as the three of them were, Joshua was actually supposed to be fine, if very tired and a little overwhelmed.

Koneko had stayed though, having gotten permission from Rias to spend the night over. She had further stuck to Joshua longer too, staying up late. She'd use senjutsu the next day if need be to get through her day.

She was aware that it wasn't necessary or anything. She was overreacting to Joshua's condition, but… But there was also the fact that things had been tense for a whole month. Nobody had explained, not really, but Kunou, Ravel and her had heard enough to put a theory together between the three of them. So, while they might not have all the info, they had a pretty good idea…

So, it was no wonder that she wanted to make a little extra sure that everything was fine.

"You should go to sleep," her sister told her eventually, after she yawned for the third time. "He'll be here when you come back. And I very much doubt he'll wake up before then. Even if he does, I'm sure he'll call and even get you pulled out of school." That was true, she supposed, but she was reluctant to leave.

She had trouble speaking about what she felt, after all, so she tended to try and say stuff without needing to actually use words. In this case, she wanted to stick with Joshua, so that she'd be there when he woke up and he'd know she cared. Because sometimes she worried she wasn't getting across how much she appreciated having a home away from Rias. Nothing against her King, but the Davis' place felt more like a family where the Gremory place felt like staying with friends, and not just because of Kuroka.

"He knows you care," Kuroka said, and Koneko wondered if there was some sort of mind reading aspect to senjutsu she'd never heard about. "He'll be happy to see you come to him whenever you can and he's awake. As it is, he'd rather you take care of yourself."

Why did her sister have to choose that very moment to sound reasonable? Why couldn't she be irresponsible and silly like usual when Koneko needed her to be? It was so unfair. Even more unfair was the fact that Koneko could almost picture the worried look on Joshua's face if he saw her pushing herself like she was.

"If you give him a hug and sit on his lap when he wakes up, he'll be happy," Kuroka told her then and Koneko turned to stare at her, eyes wide and curious. "He likes when you girls stick around, even when he's busy or you're all doing different things. He likes having people he likes around him and happy, even if he's a bit like you and doesn't talk about how he feels a lot."

Koneko hummed, storing away all the sudden and unexpected information on Joshua and ignoring the bit about her. All that Kuroka said made sense though and she wondered why she hadn't seen that before. Suddenly, a lot of random glances and smiles from Joshua were making a lot of sense.

She was also pretty happy with the realization, because of what it implied.

Granted, she no longer felt like she was imposing on Joshua's family as much as she did before, but she sometimes wondered how much she fit in. It was nice to hear that she did, in fact, belong there, at least as far as Joshua was concerned. She was wanted and not just by her sister.

"You silly kitten," her sister said, her smile more fond than teasing, unlike her usual ones. "He loves you. If you asked, he'd probably adopt you along with the fire bird," Kuroka said and Koneko determinedly did not think about that at all, because… because.

"I guess I'll go," she mumbled, but she didn't stand up.

"I'll make sure he sends for you as soon as he wakes up if you're not here," Kuroka reassured her and she smiled gratefully. "Go along, Shirone."

For once, the name didn't make her want to flinch or frown.

Instead, she just nodded and did as told.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

A bit of a roller coaster chapter, isn't it? Or maybe it's just me. Or maybe a snowball downhill is more accurate? After all, it did start a little slow, then grow a lot and ultimately slow down towards the end again.

I don't know. Analogies aren't my thing.

Important: People have been asking me for an updated character sheet and I finally decided to do something about it. You'll be able to see a link to an updated one in my Discord server. Doc's way too long to just slap it here.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you like surprises? Personally, it depends. I like my routine and knowing what's gonna happen and when, for the most part. But certain good surprises can be neat, so long as they aren't too big, I guess.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Panicbox13, EigengrauFox and 164 others
Adrian King
Dec 9, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 216 - I Can’t Erase This Feeling New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,339
I Can't Erase This Feeling

[Joshua Davis]

Even after passing out and staying that way for the better part of two days, only sporadically waking up for about an hour or less each time, he still felt like he'd drop at any moment.

Not all of it was because of the now infinite source of power that he had, but that was the biggest problem he was dealing with, and it wasn't even close. Funny how he'd thought his effort to forgo sleep would be crazy, considering how utterly overshadowed that was in the wake of his new, Ophis-induced issue. Not to say that hadn't sucked, because it certainly had. It'd made an already bad time worse, truth be told, but Joshua was making do after getting some rest.

"You're not allowed to work, Mr. Davis," Ravel told him, like she did whenever he got particularly lost in thought. He could only smile wryly at her though, feeling Koneko stiffen where she sat on his lap and Kunou narrow her eyes at him as she looked up from her notebook. The three of them had, apparently, either been given or self-appointed themselves the duty of watching him like hawks. At the smallest sign that he was doing something not conducive to his recovery and adaptation to his new situation, they'd call him out on it and deliver swift and merciless amounts of judgement.

It was surprisingly effective.

Not only because Joshua had passed out before they could reach him after Ophis did her thing, which weighed considerably in his mind, but also because he knew they'd been worried in the month leading up to that. They were very rarely in agreement over something too, so that gave them even more power over him, if only because he wanted to encourage them to get along. So, all in all, everything seemed to line up to make the three girls get what they wanted, and that was him taking it easy.

Not that he didn't want to, but nobody seemed to realize that he liked tinkering.

"I wasn't even thinking about spells," Joshua grumbled. He wasn't even lying. He'd just been thinking about his situation. That was all. Evidenced by the looks he got though, nobody believed him… which was fair, but still hurtful. "I can't even get my brain to string thoughts together for tinkering anyway," he mumbled, leaning forward to pick up his cup of tea.

He'd have thought that was uncomfortable for Koneko, sitting on his lap as she was, but the girl seemed to take no issue with that or any other motions he might have made. Not that he was doing a whole lot of… anything, really. He'd been awake for about four hours and the most strenuous thing he'd done was eat. From there, his three daughters – who would he fool, calling them anything else? – had made it their life mission to make sure he did nothing.

Which was nice, admittedly.

When he'd first heard, he thought he'd be bored to death within five minutes, admittedly, but that was far from the case. Instead, he got to sit where they were, watching them all to their thing. Koneko was practicing senjutsu, Ravel was working on his future schedule and brainstorming some things that he could do once he was recovered so that he could get back on track and Kunou was doing some homework for her classes.

The latter was supposed to be in classes, admittedly, but neither Yasaka nor Joshua had the heart to send her away. So, instead, she was doing some make-up work so that she wouldn't fall behind too much. A few days wouldn't be an issue, after all, especially since Kunou was far from a poor student.

"You're getting better at that," he commented idly, getting a hum from Koneko, who was currently trying her best to do the soothing senjutsu thing with him. Joshua was still not quite sure what that technique was, his studies in the subject not quite as advanced as he'd have liked them to be. Most of his focus was on magic, after all, everything else got just enough attention that he was making progress, but that was about it.

Not ideal, but life was hardly ever good enough to allow ideal stuff to happen.

Magic was Joshua's strong suit, it was what allowed him to do the most. Senjutsu was neat, as was True Longinus, but they weren't as versatile as magic was. True Longinus was good for one thing and one thing only, and senjutsu could be great… but it was a little limited and it required too much work to reach a good enough level. He could mostly get the same results for the latter with magic with a fraction of the time, really. It didn't replace senjutsu entirely, admittedly, but it made it less of a priority in his mind.

True Longinus… he'd admit it was a bit of a waste to set it aside as he had, but that was unavoidable. It was the greatest at the one thing it could do, and that was a very useful thing, true. But a jack of all trades was often better than a master of one, and Joshua was applying that logic to his decision to focus on magic.

If he needed a hammer to smash down a nail that stuck out, he could pull cards and point Sirzechs and Ajuka towards the aforementioned nail. That was, provided that he couldn't make do with his array of resources, which was unlikely. Maybe things had finally gotten to his head a little, what with literal infinity at his fingertips, but Joshua thought there weren't likely to be a lot of things those two could do that he couldn't.

But then again, maybe he could-

"Is it helping?" Koneko mumbled, nibbling on a cookie and looking firmly forward and away from him.

"Yeah, it is," he replied, dropping his head back and staring at the ceiling through half-closed eyelids. He felt tired and not, like when one sleeps too much and wakes up feeling sleepy still, but worse. In a way, it made sense, but he had a feeling that most of it had nothing to do with how much he'd slept and more to do with the power coursing through his body, pushing against his skin as if he were a balloon that had been filled with way too much water and yet refused to burst.

[}-o-{]​

After a meal and halfway through the next, Joshua wondered if he'd ever stop feeling too full to eat.

He could force the issue, of course, the same way one made space for dessert even if they already feel full, but the problem remained. With power filling him up like someone was trying to make him explode, it was difficult to muster the need to add more to himself, even if food had nothing to do with magic, not directly at least. It just felt like it'd be too much and he couldn't quite put that feeling aside much as he tried.

"Joshua?" Gabriel called and he looked up to see a slightly concerned look on the angel's expression. "Is everything alright?"

"Yeah," he answered, a little weakly, which was why he continued right afterwards. "I just… This is going to take a while to get used to," he commented, fidgeting with the fork in his hand the smallest bit. Even something as simple as holding the utensil felt odd, with all the magic in the world right under his skin. Closest comparison he could use was like trying to do stuff while under the effects of anesthesia, even if it was also nothing like that. It carried the same sense of oddness though, even if not the numbing part. Maybe doing stuff with gloves was more accurate, although he didn't feel like it was.

"Maybe we should have stayed at home," Gabriel said and the fact that she meant his and Yasaka's place as home made him smile. However, he was of a completely different opinion on the matter and he wasted no time letting her know.

"No, I want to get out," he replied, maybe more firmly than he intended. He hoped he hadn't sounded too harsh, but… but he didn't like the idea that she thought staying home would help. "I've spent the better part of a whole month holed up at home, I want to go outside, do stuff."

It was a little funny though, that he felt like that. Joshua had never been one to go outside a lot, and he didn't enjoy it, not really. He would much rather stay at home and relax, if he were honest. Nothing better than having his family around him and a cup of tea close by.

However, being forced to stay at his place, working all day with the lives of everyone he loved on the line had been about the opposite of the good time he liked to have at home. Living like that for a whole month had made him want to do anything other than staying in. Hell, he didn't even really feel like spellcrafting, at least not just yet.

His mind strayed a little here and there with ideas and such, but other than that, Joshua was perfectly fine not spending time working on stuff. He was taking a well earned vacation, after all. Nevermind the fact that he'd have to go back to working on things after he recovered, since Ophis would come back for another work check up. That was a worry for another time though, and Joshua wasn't too eager to care for that.

"I guess that's fair," Gabriel said, looking a little relieved. "I'm not complaining about you taking it easy and spending time with me, I can tell you that," she added with a wider smile. It made Joshua all the happier just to see that, if he were honest, even if he could only half-enjoy that. The other half of him couldn't quite push away the feeling of magic.

It was always there, inevitable, dragging his mind to acknowledge that it was there. There was no ignoring it, no being distracted from it. And if he somehow managed, it made it all the worse when the moment passed and he was once more reminded of it.

"Happy to be, taking it easy and spending time with you," he replied. It was a simple statement, he knew. An eloquent guy, Joshua was not, however. He was even less of one when it came to social settings and further more useless at it in romantic settings. Somehow though, it seemed to work for him anyway, if the beaming was anything to go by. He didn't know how he'd gotten lucky enough to get one of the partners he had, let alone three, but he'd always be grateful. "So, where do you want to go after we're done here?" he asked.

Idly, he forced himself not to grimace as he turned back to his meal and took another bite. Good thing he'd picked a dish that was very light. More of an appetizer than an actual meal, really, and it still felt like he was trying to eat for three people, somehow.

"Well, there was this park that's close by that I wanted to see," the angel told him and Joshua nodded immediately. Gabriel would never have to convince him to see one of the spots she wanted. Her enthusiasm and happiness while they visited places was all the motivation he needed, really, although that didn't mean the spots were bad or boring… for the most part.

Either way, with how oddly weak/powerful he felt, he found himself looking forward to the warm, fluffy feel of watching his partner enjoy herself about as much as she looked forward to seeing that park. Probably more, actually. Actually, now that he thought about it…

"Can't wait to see you seeing it," he commented with a grin and he was rewarded with a slight blush that made him feel like an absolute winner in life. Joshua still thought he sucked at romance, but if he could stumble on victories anyway, he'd take it.

[}-o-{]​

Being on sick leave was great and all, but it became an evident problem when schedules didn't align.

Surprisingly, or maybe not, it didn't happen often, but it did happen. Serafall and Gabriel were usually the ones to be free when everyone else was in school or working and such, considering their schedules weren't really fixed to any specific time… much. Heaven and the Underworld had their own "timezones", but they also did a lot of stuff in the Mortal World as the ones in charge of foreign relations, so…

They tended to run weird hours and that allowed them to be available when everyone else might not be.

Sometimes though, the stars aligned in the wrong way and everyone was busy. Normally, he'd use that time to just… work on something, but he wasn't really feeling like doing that those days. Thus, he'd had a few minutes to ponder where to go and what to do while he waited on everyone else. It was a little surprising how much of his life was based around magic and work.

No, he did not include magic into work, even if he knew others would disagree.

'What to do, what to do?' he thought idly, sitting in the garden of Yasaka's place – Their place? He was never sure about that. – and considering his options. All the while, he couldn't say he was too stressed. His familiars were doing a great job of distracting him with all sorts of things being sent through their bond. Margalo's song was particularly nice, but Morag was making some new web designs in real time that was neat to watch too.

Cheshire would sometimes leave and go hunting for a bit, which was neat to watch through the bond, feeling the thrill of it with her and all that. Nagini was having fun snipping birds out of the sky with her eyes too, which was… something, but those made for good snacks for Morag and Margalo, he supposed. A little morbid, but he'd grown out of that awkwardness after so long with his very particular familiars.

"You can stop trying anytime, Friday," he commented, a little amused as the spell did her version of a groan in his mind.

She'd been trying to syphon magic out of him ever since he came back with Ophis' blessing, but it was kind of impossible to lessen the burden of magic on him when it was infinite. She tried anyway though, no matter how much he tried to convince her to let it go. The spell would keep trying, powering everything she could connect with with more and more magic that she took from him.

She'd even taken to casting spells as much as she could, helping him with every little thing with frankly overkill amounts of power behind the spells. There were always little illusions, flashes of light and wisps of color all around the place. Kunou seemed to have joined in on that fun too, giving Friday illusions to cast here and there as a joint project of some kind.

"Fine, be stubborn," he commented with a roll of his eyes as the living spell kept casting.

That gave him an idea though.

'Wonder if they'll notice,' he mused to himself. With a deep breath in, he summoned his status screen and glanced at a particular number that had seen a sharp change since the last time he checked.

[Magic: 1215]

His magic stat had tripled with Ophis's Touched by Infinity. He'd been confused for a moment, before remembering that magic reserves wasn't the only thing that the Magic stat took into account. So, either the Game had decided that his control was poor enough to warrant the decrease from Infinity to just triple the initial number or it'd decided to account for what he could reasonably use, what his body could reasonably be expected to output, despite the difference between that and what he had available.

That was the best theory he had.

Funnily enough though…

[Joshua Davis

Title: Domain Authority

Race: Human

Gender: Male

Rank: SSS

Strength: S-

Speed: S-

Dexterity: S-

Vitality: S

Perception: S-

Magic: EX

Life: A+]

'EX is probably where the Game just gives up and stops giving further stages,' he thought, unless there was a stage for literal infinity, in which case EX was second to that, he imagined. 'Being SSS… I thought it'd feel different,' he couldn't help but add wryly.

For one, he'd expected to feel powerful, not like he was a step away from dying at any given moment.

Back to his initial thought though…

'What do you think?' he asked Cheshire through their bond and the cat stopped licking her paw, looked up and meowed. That didn't really tell him much, but the mix of emotions and thoughts she sent through the bond was much more helpful. 'Well, guess we're paying a surprise visit to some people,' he decided, taking a deep breath in and standing up.

Even that felt strange, admittedly, but he was learning to push past that. Maybe it'd always be there, but at least he wasn't pausing at every little thing, nor was he grimacing and flinching at odd feelings. Progress was progress, he supposed. Maybe in a few more days, he'd feel like he could function properly and all. That'd be the day, honestly, because as much as he was enjoying the break, he did need to get back to work eventually, or Ophis would likely not be too pleased with him.

'Don't worry about that, Joshua,' he told himself, aware that his partners would have done exactly that if they were around. 'What do you think?' he asked, this time to the presences he felt through his connection to the Egyptian pantheon.

The can of beer that appeared out of thin air in front of him was answer enough, he supposed. 'Nephthys being the best of the best once again, huh?' he commented jokingly, but the gods seemed to take that to heart, because a moment later there were snacks and other drinks appearing around him.

That was funny, but also kind of useful.

[}-o-{]​

'Does what I've done for House of Water count as returning the favor? Because I feel like I owe you plenty, Nephthys,' he commented in his mind and that had nothing to do with how good the still cold beer he was drinking was… or the fact that it was his third one. The goddess had done a lot for him, not the least of which was kickstarting a lot of things through House of Water and her favor back when he was just starting to get her pantheon's attention.

Nevermind all the help she'd offered in regards to magic.

Fortunately, her answer was to top up his beer, which was very telling, really. Maybe the mutually beneficial relationship worked well for everyone involved. Although, if his life in DxD so far was anything to go by, Joshua had to wonder if the goddess didn't feel like she owed him. Everyone seemed to always end up thinking that one way or another.

'Happy to be of service,' was all he thought/said back to the goddess then, taking another gulp from his beer.

Idly, he noticed that he was drawing gazes all around, but he wasn't too concerned with that. After having to stand in front of Ophis to present the fruits of his labor… Attention from people far beneath him wasn't something he bothered to think about overly much.

…

The thought made him pause.

That was very arrogant, wasn't it? It was still the truth though, even if he thought it sounded very wrong. Most of the people he passed by weren't a threat of any kind, not even to the people he loved. They might have opinions about what he did, or his appearance, or stupid stuff like that, but what did he care about that?

Joshua couldn't believe he'd ever cared, really.

Funny how being stared down by infinity could change one's perception on things.

Ultimately, he reached his destination with those thoughts in mind. He pushed them aside immediately though, since he was supposed to be relaxing. Before entering, he took a moment to ponder what he was really doing there. How sad was his life that, when he didn't have anyone around and he had all the time in the world, he felt like going there.

'I need more hobbies,' he thought to himself wryly before reaching for the door and opening it.

There was a hush that fell on the room as he stepped in, but that was expected. He didn't let that get to him though, walking in like it was the most natural thing in the world. He kept himself calm, as he moved, reaching the desk and sitting behind it.

"Keep going, Levi," he said, leaning back on his chair and taking another gulp from his beer. His class seemed to be doing well, all things considered. Nobody was overly worried by his arrival, which meant nobody had been a piece of shit to Levi, not recently, at least. Levi was doing a good job in his lecture too, which was to be expected, as far as Joshua was concerned. "Things going alright here?" he asked Ravel then, startling her.

It took her sharp mind a moment to realize that he'd isolated their conversation from the rest of the class.

"There were some stumbles here and there," the Phenex answered, her tone professional as always. "But the rest of the Stars managed to smooth over whatever Levi himself couldn't," the blonde added and he nodded slowly. "I've noted it all down already and I have some ideas for things you could do for them, sir."

"Smart as always," he replied with a grin. He guessed he was predictable like that, especially to Ravel. He was not at all surprised, but he did find it kind of impressive all the same. "You think he's ready to fully take over?"

"Not yet, but soon, maybe as an assistant teacher for a while and teaching some classes with oversight for a while," Ravel answered and he nodded. That made sense. "His classes aren't bad, but they aren't as good as yours." She wasn't just saying that to butter him up either, Joshua realized a good few minutes into the lecture Levi was giving.

He wasn't bad, but he tried too hard to teach. His explanations ran too long, he answered too many questions, too often repeated ones, he gave too many examples. He was trying really, really hard to make sure everyone learned and that wasn't a bad thing, but it meant his classes were slow.

Again, not a bad thing, really, but he'd have to make sure it was worth his time.

"He might need someone to overlook things just as you do, sir," Ravel commented wryly and he grinned at her.

"You wouldn't happen to have a friend that'd be interested, right?" he asked, mostly in jest. However, he was surprised when, a second later, the Phenex took on a thoughtful expression. "I was joking, but that'd probably settle any debt I might have with the guy," he mused out loud.

"Sir, the poor man is so in debt with you it's not funny. You know that, right?" Ravel commented and he blinked. "Of course you don't."

"... Eh, do it anyway."

"... Sometimes I wonder how good an idea it is to be on your good side instead of being your enemy, Mr. Davis," Ravel commented wryly and he just grinned and shrugged. "At least those just die."

"But you wouldn't get any more Levia-tan Marathons with ridiculous amounts of popcorn."

"True enough," she acknowledged with the same utmost seriousness she'd had through the entire conversation. She was funny that way, he'd learned with time. "Are you here for anything in particular, sir?"

"I had free time and nothing better to do," he answered with another shrug and taking a gulp of his beer. "Wanna go for ice-cream after this?" he asked and he almost laughed at the way the girl perked up.

Apparently, she had forgotten that there was a class of people watching them. Not that it'd change much. He rather doubted they'd respect her less no matter what she did. She was, after all, the one in charge of managing his power with the magician associations, for the most part. She could and would ruin them if they thought they were funny a little too much.

"Yeah," she replied and he took it as a victory that she looked almost childish as she did so.

And also that he had almost forgotten how utterly overwhelmed with magic he was.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Our boy is winding down from what he's been put through. I'll try not to take a million chapters in this infinity-recovery arc of sorts, but I feel we've hyperfocused for a while and so has Joshua. So, I – and he – should take some time to visit some of the things that have been pushed around.

Either way, I know some people aren't great fans of this kind of "recovery" periods, but I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter all the same.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Any projects you're working on? For my part, other than, you know, on-going stories, I do have a few other stories I'm working on at the moment. Other than that though… not really.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 153 others
Adrian King
Dec 16, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 217 - Whatever Makes You Smile New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,350
Whatever Makes You Smile

"Are you sure you're okay to come here?" Serafall asked, for the third time at that. Not that Joshua blamed her, but still. "Going with Gabriel is one thing, but here…"

"I'm fine, Sera. I promise," he said, even though he was lying. He did, in fact, feel a little off still. He couldn't put his life on pause forever though. He didn't want to either. He wanted to get back to how things had once been, even if Ophis would still come back again to check on his projects. Even if he was so filled with magic it was almost painful, every single day, every single second.

Joshua needed to try, because he had a feeling that, at least in the latter case, it would never go away.

"Honestly, the magic thing is almost welcome. Distracts me from all… this," he commented, gesturing vaguely at their surroundings. He was, after all, making good on his promise to go out with her to one of the devil gatherings. Formal – stuffy, more like – events that they were, Serafall couldn't escape them and that meant that neither could Joshua, if he didn't want to just leave her to deal with those on her own.

She could do that, sure, she was even fine with that, but he felt guilty all the same every time she had to. They were a part of her life and he didn't want to avoid it all the time. Furthermore, his presence in that kind of event helped her. They were, after all, publicly together, the same as Yasaka and Gabriel. That meant that his influence was added to their own in their respective positions… but that only went so far by knowledge alone. He needed to be seen with them; it solidified the whole thing.

Or so he was told.

Joshua was no political connoisseur, so he was kind of trusting their – and Ravel's – opinions on the matter.

"If you say so…" Serafall replied slowly, narrowing her eyes full of doubt. Hurtful, but understandable. She was right, after all. "Thank you for coming, by the way," she added, and that was the fifth time, he was pretty sure. She was repeating herself a lot that day, but he got it. "I never minded coming here and doing my thing, but… I guess having more real relationships makes all this… this all the more bothersome," she commented, her expression and tone somewhere between sad and childishly pouty boredom.

Sometimes, Joshua would admit to being surprised by the range she had to express herself… and to keep her childish/magical girl persona going. If nothing else, she was committed, even though it was less pronounced those days. Sometimes she'd even drop it altogether, if mostly in private.

"It's what partners are for, isn't it?" he replied wryly. "We help make things better… and failing that, we'll just suffer together," he said, drawing a giggle from the woman. "Besides, at least the food is always good."

"Have to make the Gula devils happy somehow," Serafall explained, by then back to being upbeat. "And make sure the Pride devils don't feel insulted… and attract the Envy devils."

"Sounds complicated," he mused out loud. And that was without even considering the other four Sins. Devil gatherings were more of a pain than he'd first imagined. Good thing he was never going to have to bother hosting a… Actually… "We're never hosting one of these ourselves, right?" he asked.

The few seconds of silence that followed made him gulp and turn away from the party and towards Serafall.

"Right?" Joshua asked, more urgently this time.

The devil just gave him a sad, apologetic smile.

"Fuck," he hissed under his breath. He was not looking forward to that. He was definitely setting up spells all over the place when it happened though. They would also all be very much not hidden. See if anyone dared think they were funny and could do something stupid at his place. He knew that much was allowed, since every single gathering he went to was full of defenses.

Joshua could and would make those look harmless if it got him a somewhat less painful night.

He didn't have a Title such as Domain Authority just for show, after all. If they were going to come to his place, then they were going to behave. Because he'd seen by then how much of a pain in the ass devil guests could be and he was not going to be dealing with that bullshit himself. No way.

"You know someone's gonna die if we have to host, right?" Joshua pointed out, getting a giggle from Serafall. Hopefully, she didn't think it was a joke. Because he was most definitely not joking. "Anyway, what should we do while we're here, other than eating?" he asked, just like he did every time he was dragged to such an event.

Usually, Serafall had a plan or three. Sometimes she wanted to discuss something with some politically important figure. Sometimes she needed a distraction to not talk about something with some other important figure. Sometimes she just needed to show him off in some way to someone or several someones.

"For now? Not much. Target hasn't arrived yet," she said, sounding fairly happy about that. Which made him think she was not looking forward to that conversation. He'd have to do his best when the time came then, if only to make things better for her. "Although… could you let your magic just… show?" she asked, but she seemed hesitant to ask that. "I wasn't sure if to ask or not," she admitted then. "I don't know if that makes things more difficult for you."

"On the contrary," Joshua replied with a grin as he let go of the magic inside him. He'd taken to holding it in as best he could. Everyone had at least some sensing capability, for the most part. The ones with no skill might have a difficult time figuring out what they were even feeling if something was obvious enough that they picked up on it, but they'd still feel something.

And it was difficult to miss infinite magic. So, in order not to disturb people and such – or at least do so as little as possible –, he'd taken to at least trying to camouflage it a little. If Serafall wanted him to show off though, he'd do it.

Thus, he found himself mimicking the pleased smile on Serafall's expression when everything seemed to pause and everyone turned towards him.

It was always nice to be able to help someone he loved.

[}-o-{]​

Much as he'd like to not even think about it, the fact of the matter was that Ophis was going to come back to check on his progress again.

Joshua was confident that he'd earned some amount of wiggle room with his previous progress, at least. It was difficult to tell, sure, but he thought Ophis had been borderline pleased with what he'd done. Touched by Infinity gave him that idea, at least, since it was nothing like the straight out dangerous blessing of sorts she'd dropped on Khaos Brigade.

Then again, maybe she'd just learned how to not fuck people up with her "touch".

Still, he needed to work on things anyway, if only to make sure and silence the part of his mind that worried. Thus, once he got some things out of the way and he got used to – a little bit, but something was better than nothing – the infinite amount of magic coursing through his body, he went back to working on things. There was a lot to do, from the data that he'd collected together with applying the blessing he'd been given.

Because an infinite source of magic was crazy. Energy to power things up was no longer a concern, basically. Joshua could set everything up in a way that his spell arrays would only take magic from him to feed their spells, no longer needing to depend on everyone inside the arrays to give an insignificant portion of their magic or on his powerful partners helping him set things up or even on leylines although those latter ones were still helpful in their own way. He could just syphon his own magic for everything and it was crazy.

Hell, he didn't need to slowly power things up anymore. Despite the limit of how much he could use at once without burning himself up with his own magic output, the amount he had at his disposal at all times was crazy. His magic had grown considerably before, to a point in which he had nothing to envy Yasaka, for example. After Ophis though, he was above Serafall and Gabriel, maybe even Sirzechs and Ajuka, or at least on their level.

EX Magic stat was no joke. No joke at all.

'Crazy,' Joshua thought with a grin as he cast a spell straight to maximum power and felt no drain other than the moment in which he was casting. His magic was still full, obviously, and his body would be ready for another round in no time at all, since he hadn't even gone to his own limit. 'Oh, this will make things much simpler going forward,' he thought to himself.

Had Ophis given him Touched by Infinity for that express purpose? Was it more of a tool for him to work better rather than an actual blessing? Like an employer giving him a better work computer, rather than gifting a computer for him to use however he wished. Or maybe it was a middle ground. Not like he could decide not to use the infinite magic for stuff other than the development of Ophis' Silence.

"Sir," a voice called and he blinked. He was at the Silence Projects' location. Nobody should be dropping by unless they were his partners. Everyone else either didn't know where they were, wouldn't go after him if he wasn't available or both. 'What's Georg doing here…?' he thought, before noticing the tray balanced on the man's hand. "A servant was looking for you with this," the magician explained and there was a touch of… detachedness to the way he spoke, to his expression. Like he was some kind of human robot of sorts. "I wasn't sure if you'd asked for it, so I decided to bring it to you."

That almost sounded reasonable, but he knew for a fact that Fuyuko had done similar things before. She knew to leave things if he wasn't around. It was not rare for him to have to leave unexpectedly. Furthermore, Georg knew all this.

So, that meant the guy had decided to do this for a reason, Joshua just didn't know the reason.

"Thank you," he said with a nod, channeling gods and goddesses for a short moment at the same time that he asked Cheshire for her opinion on the tea. A little paranoid of him, he supposed, but he was taking no chances, really. As a magician, his distaste for surprises had grown even further, considering surprises were basically lack of information and he needed information to feel safe. "You didn't have to," he added, as gentle a prod as he could manage, really.

He didn't expect Georg to fold immediately though.

"I didn't, but I wanted to," the man said immediately, with no hesitation. Joshua realized a second later that he probably was looking to be questioned and be able to explain himself. "Your need for me has lessened, and that's prompted me to try and make myself useful, sir," Georg said and Joshua was left blinking.

That was… true to an extent. With the boost he'd gotten from Ophis, getting to the Dimensional Gap on his own merit and back out was a real possibility, not something that he could do if he pulled all the stops. He no longer needed Issei to be around to manage, for one. He could do it on his own power, and repeatedly, if not infinitely.

He'd tested that, and maybe that was what prompted Georg to do… whatever it was that he was doing. Not that the man was entirely correct either. Because yes, Joshua could do it, but Dimension Lost was still way more efficient at it than he was.

"And bringing me tea was what you thought of?" he asked, more curious and amused than judgemental.

"It was what was at hand," Georg answered and Joshua could almost see the mental shrug, but the man remained steadfast, standing straight and with his expression clear. "I don't mind acting as a servant if it means I'm considered to be on your side rather than an enemy. I've realized that there's no point in antagonizing you, sir. So, if there's anything I can do to prove myself, say the word."

Well, that was… something.

"For now, go back. We'll talk about this another time," Joshua replied. "And thanks for the tea."

With a bow, Georg disappeared and he was left alone… to massage his forehead tiredly.

'I'm not dealing with that. Nope, fuck that,' he thought to himself, taking a sip from his cup. 'Ravel will know what to do,' he decided with a nod, happily pushing the issue aside and focusing back on his tinkering.

[}-o-{]​

"It's best not to try and make smaller changes if that's not what you are aiming for or need," Joshua explained, running his fingers through his hair idly. "Chances are, even if you keep it small, you'll need to change most of the circle in question, so why not just do everything you need to instead of trying to make work simpler when it's never going to be that simple? Sometimes, bigger chances might even need less work than smaller ones," he said, once more thoroughly enjoying how dedicated and serious the valkyries were.

He had kind of neglected his classes with them – even if he hadn't dropped them altogether like he had the other ones –, especially leading to the last week before Ophis' visit and then afterwards with all the mess he'd been left with. However, Göndul hadn't seemed to have a problem with that and neither had the other valkyries nor the Norse Pantheon, fortunately. He wasn't quite sure why they were so… lax, but he wasn't complaining.

Joshua would have to check with Ravel to do something for them.

Maybe he could help them improve their defenses somewhere? Surely he could do something in that vein and even things out. First, he'd have to check with his partners and Ravel, but he did feel like he needed to do something. Better be safe than sorry, especially if he didn't want to mess up relations with a faction.

Joshua had a feeling the Egyptians wouldn't be as nice if he messed up that, and he wasn't eager to get on their bad side. Not after so long enjoying having a great relationship with them. He kind of had grown fond of them… for the most part. Not like he personally knew many of them, but those he knew were nice enough and they were always eager to help him out when he needed it. So he wanted to be a good Pharaoh for them…

Even if he sometimes forgot he was supposed to be one.

"I get that it's tempting to keep things as simple as possible, that's the deceptive nature of spell modification," Joshua continued, explaining when the valkyries finished taking notes. "Making bigger changes makes one think it'll need a comparable amount of work, but that's not the case. Whatever change you want to make, the amount of work it'll need will be arbitrary, since any change can need more or less work to be done on the circle. It's a matter of seeing what the change involves in regards to every other part of the circle and how much adaptation you need to make up for it. More often than not, you'll need to change everything, or next to everything. So, don't bother trying to hold back on that account. There's a decent chance that you'll need the same amount of work you'd need for what you actually need instead of what you're settling for, and there's even a chance that you might need more work. Now, as an example, I have these spells I worked on a while ago, the first one…"

It felt like it'd been a while since he'd given a proper lecture instead of just letting them do their thing and supervising. That had been easier on him when he needed to stay focused, but he kind of liked teaching properly. So, it was nice to have the opportunity again. Furthermore, it'd help Levi learn. He was sitting in for the class, not for the actual class, since it was all stuff that he knew already from having taken his Spell Modification class and having finished it already, but in order to learn how to teach from him.

They were kind of killing two birds with one stone, as it were.

Maybe three, if the way some of the Valkyries and Göndul were looking at him. Joshua had a feeling the guy might get recruited for a job or three regarding the Norse Pantheon… That or a girlfriend. Maybe both. 'Godspeed to you either way, buddy,' he thought to himself, holding back a smile.

"Now, we can do one of two things," Joshua announced by the time he was done with that particular lecture. "I can do a demonstration of two modifications, one barely changing anything and another changing a lot of a spell, to show you guys how it can go. Or we can leave this aside and discuss your group projects."

Apparently, for as good students as valkyries could be, they could be just as messy under the right circumstances. At the back of the classroom, Joshua saw Göndul grinning as the students started getting louder and louder, arguing amongst themselves in favor of one or the other option. He got it, it was very amusing to see the otherwise fairly composed and calm women just absolutely lose their cool at a frankly amazing speed.

"Ok!" he called, clapping his hands. He'd half expected to have to silence the classroom magically, but that was not necessary. Valkyries just really were built differently compared to how his usual students were. "Third option. We can do both if you guys don't mind the class going long. You've been very patient with me for the last few weeks and this can be my way to repay you all a bit if you want," he offered, because that was a safer way to approach his debt to them rather than risking something more drastic.

On that, the valkyries seemed to unanimously agree, which was great.

Joshua really had missed teaching properly.

[}-o-{]​

He should have been working on Ophis' Silence, he really should have been.

Instead, Joshua laid on his back, whistling along with one of Margalo's songs and looking up at the ceiling, where Morag was doing one of her web pieces. The jorogumo was having a great time at that, humming and giggling all the while. It was adorable and he wouldn't be told otherwise.

As for the rest of his familiars… Well, Cheshire and Nagini were having a different kind of fun sparring with Raynare, Kuroka and the newly added Georg in a battle royale of sorts. Joshua wasn't sure he trusted the guy, not really, but after their little chat… Well, he thought he could try and see if there was something that could be done there.

Wouldn't be the first time he recruited someone unconventional… in a just as unconventional way.

"Look, dad!" Morag called, turning and beaming at him in a way that was entirely unfair, really. What was a man to do faced with such cuteness? An eight-eyed face had no business being so adorable, yet there the jorogumo was. Living proof if there ever was one.

"I'm looking," he told her with a grin. "It already seems great, you know?"

"Really?!" she asked excitedly. He wasn't lying, but he definitely would have lied if he had to, so he guessed the question was sort of valid. "Can you guess what it is?"

"Nagini?" Joshua asked, because he thought he could recognize the flowing lines of the snake from previous pieces of Morag's. "I'm not sure what's there in the corner though, but I'm looking forward to seeing more," he added and the giggle he got in response further encouraged him to procrastinate and pay attention to her. "Hey, Friday," he greeted, feeling the presence of the living spell draw closer, paying attention to them, to him. "Had fun distracting Kunou?" he asked.

Because that's what the spell had been doing. He would not be deceived, even if her attempts at doing so weren't pitifully adorable. Friday couldn't lie to save her life, apparently, especially to him. Not that he was complaining, of course, but still.

"Did she at least do well in her classes?" Joshua asked, getting a dubious, hesitant answer to that. He wondered if that meant no, or just that Friday wasn't really perceptive enough to know the answer. It could go either way, really. He'd have to ask Kunou whenever she dropped by. "Either way, you should let her do her stuff. She needs to," he commented, getting a slightly apologetic feeling from the spell.

"... So… rry?" the spell said just as hesitantly as before. She was still trying to speak and learning little by little. There were stumbles, but she'd get there. Along the way though, he would gently correct all her mistakes, so that she could learn better. She was getting faster though, if not that much better. He was getting that she was impatient though, but once she got the speed down, she'd be able to work on the rest, he guessed.

Joshua made sure to send her plenty of encouragement and praise though, just to be safe.

"Don't worry about it," he reassured, closing his eyes momentarily to better enjoy Margalo's music and Friday's presence wrapped around him. "What do you feel like doing, girl? You wanna stick around with us?" he asked and the living spell immediately wrapped even more warmly-welcoming around his body. It was her version of a tight hug, he was pretty sure. "If you want, you can go join the mess over there," he added, absently waving one of his hands towards the sparring group.

The spell was torn, Joshua could tell, which was why he decided to throw her a bone.

"You can go play with them and then come back. We'll be here for a while," he reassured. Sure enough, not even a full minute later, he heard the surprised exclamations coming from the sparring group. Not even Cheshire and Nagini had been spared from the ambush. Sucked to be them.

"Oh, is that Kuroka?" he asked Morag, when she added more detail to the part that he wasn't sure about.

"No~!" the jorogumo replied, giggling some more. He had half a mind to throw more wrong guesses just to see how much amusement she could take from that. However, he was feeling a little lazy, he'd admit. Maybe he could just take a nap. He was sure someone would wake him up if he was needed for anything…

And if they didn't, then even better. If it was urgent, he'd be called, and if it wasn't, then he'd be fine if he could sleep for longer. Even after he was almost fully recovered from his sleepless days and with the infinite magic thing growing more and more… not really normal, it'd never be that, but certainly something that he could live with and not feel perpetually wrong. Even with all that, Joshua found himself mentally exhausted those days. It showed in how lazily he did things. Everything always involved some excuse to take it a little easier where he wouldn't have before.

He didn't think it was wrong of him to do so, he didn't even procrastinate that much, but it worried him that he might do so if things continued. Joshua at least had the reassurance that someone would likely call him out on it if he did. He wasn't surrounded by idiots, after all.

'Maybe I can ask Fuyuko for some snacks…' he mused… but before he could decide on that, he was snapped out of whatever relaxation he was feeling. A shot of panic ran through his body and he felt all his familiars stiffen through their bond. 'Fuck, no! I still have like three weeks. What the hell?' he exclaimed in his mind as he reached for the communication item and answered the call.

"Joshua Davis," he heard Ophis say immediately and he gulped. His heart turned to ice and the world, previously warm and cozy suddenly felt cold and harsh. "I need to talk to you. Today."

'Fuck, fuckfuckfuck! Why?!'

"Of course," he replied, gulping and feeling like pulling his hair out.

'What the fuck happened?!'

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Welp, sucks to be Joshua.

I'm sure he'll be fine though, probably.

Me, for my part, I'm gonna be experiencing some of Joshua's burn out soon, pretty sure. End of the year is close by and my family wants to go on a vacation sometime in January… Which means that, if I want to go, I'll either need backlog, write during the vacation somehow or not update things during the vacation. In the spirit of not having to do the latter again after my break at the end of last year/start of this year and also not missing out on the vacation… Well, I'll be trying to push myself in order to get some backlog.

What a time to have started a fourth story, huh? Genius move on my part there, obviously. Admittedly, I did that partly because I was afraid that if I put it off, I'd chicken out, but still.

Rambling aside, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: If you read Author Notes at all (you should, since you're reading this), what do you prefer to see in them? I usually try to talk about the chapter itself for the most part – although, it's usually just my insecurities showing, I'll admit –, but this time I decided to do something a little different and talk about my life at the moment. I think I've done that a bit before, but never quite like this, although I could be wrong.

So, yeah, maybe I'll talk about myself a little more if you guys care at all.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 158 others
Adrian King
Dec 23, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 218 - Mind, It Wavers Back and Forth New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Dec 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,356
Mind, It Wavers Back and Forth

"If you would give me a minute to get ready…" he said over the communication item he'd made specifically for Ophis. He didn't really get further than that though, leaving the sentence hanging to gauge how the dragon would react. It wasn't like he wanted to make her wait, of course. Not at all. However, it wasn't like he'd been ready for the call either way, not even close.

He was supposed to have weeks yet.

"Let me know," was all the Ouroboros Dragon replied with.

Good thing Joshua was already in motion since about a second after he got his mind over the initial shock. He only needed to shoot some quick messages to his partners, hoping that they'd be able to move around things while he dealt with the sudden situation. With any luck, this would only be a scare that'd take a few years off his life and not… not something truly bad.

He really, really hoped that was the case.

"I'm ready whenever you are, Ophis," he said and he found the Dragon standing in front of him the very instant that he finished the sentence. "Welcome," he greeted as best he could. "We weren't expecting you so soon," he added, hoping against hope that he'd get at least an explanation, if very likely not an apology.

Curiously, Ophis didn't immediately answer in any way. Instead, the dragon in a girl's body stood in front of him, staring at him. It got to the point where he started fearing he might have missed something. 'Am I supposed to do something? I'm pretty sure I didn't forget or miss something she said, right?' he thought to himself, his already fairly high nerves getting even worse.

"You're standing," she said eventually and it was his turn to stare at her. What did she mean by that? Was he supposed to be kneeling or something? She hadn't cared about that before. Had she been too focused on getting rid of him and afterwards on getting her Silence? "I wasn't sure you'd be awake, but you're… standing," she admitted and he was even more confused after that.

Although, that might have had something to do with the fact that he was pretty sure that was, what? The second time she showed emotion in a somewhat noticeable way? The closest thing he'd seen to what was happening was when he'd mentioned having several attempts at Silence, back when he made his presentation. Was she surprised that he was standing? But…

'Wait, did she give me Touched by Infinity knowing it'd mess me up? Expecting it'd be worse than it's been?' he realized then and he really didn't know what to think about that possibility. What did that mean? Was Ophis messing with him? Or…

"How very… interesting," she mumbled, tilting her head as if inspecting an oddity. For a long moment, Joshua debated if he should interrupt that or wait for her to be done with… whatever it was that she was doing, really. Ultimately, he decided to wait. "For the most part," Ophis said, eventually speaking up again and rewarding his patience. "I wanted to see how you were doing," she explained and wasn't that throwing him for a loop all by itself.

"...It's… taken some getting used to, your gift," he admitted slowly, unsure if he might be unknowingly insulting her, but also not wanting to lie. Lying to the Dragon of Infinity sounded like a good way to get killed, if she proved to be the smallest bit short-fused. "I like to believe I'm adapting well, but it hasn't let me work much on the Silence projects."

"... Understandable," she said with a nod, even though he could have sworn there was the smallest frown between her brows. Her words reassured him that she wasn't about to snap him out of existence, at least. That was nice of her. "I was expecting that, obviously," she told him calmly, in that flat tone that confused him to no end. It always felt like there were ten meanings to everything she said, due to the lack of emotions and expressions. What was worse, Joshua always felt like he was missing at least half of those meanings. "No, I wanted to come and see if your reward might have been too much for you… and to ask if I could use one of those rooms again."

'Well, that's considerate of her… is it? She's the one at fault for this in the first place, but it was a neat reward even if she did it expecting for it to be too much… What a strange creature you are, Ophis,' Joshua thought in a moment, unsure how to feel about the dragon and the situation in general. In the spirit of not keeping said dragon waiting though, he decided to focus on the part that he could actually do something about at that moment.

"Of course, the rooms are yours, Ophis," he replied, taking a deep breath in before continuing. "If you want, you can just teleport nearby and go in at any moment. We've set them up in fairly isolated areas," he said and while he didn't particularly like the idea of the dragon coming and going as she pleased so close to them, it wasn't like he could stop her if he tried.

Besides, agreeing and generally being nice to her might eventually ingratiate her to them… although that was probably a stretch.

"If you want, you can just stay inside the room while I work, but I'm not sure if that would be unpleasant or not," he continued under the very intense stare of Ophis. He was growing nervous by the second under those empty, infinite eyes, honestly, but he soldiered on as best he could.

"Yes, I'd like that very much," she told him and this time he was almost positive that he saw her lips draw up into a smile. 'I didn't imagine that, did I?' he thought. It was a day full of surprises in regards to Ophis, and not just because she was there at all. With that said, the dragon seemed to pause again, staring at him some more. Was it because he was weirdly ok for what she'd done? Or was it something else this time?

Joshua hated being so unsure when it came to Ophis, he really did.

Although, maybe he could at least get out of the whole new mess that had suddenly popped up.

"Could I ask you questions, sometimes, when you come to the rooms?" he asked and Ophis blinked up at him. "It'd help me a lot to know what you think about my progress rather than guess by myself. I don't know or have anyone quite with senses like yours that I can consult," he explained and the Dragon of Infinity stared at him for one of the longest seconds of Joshua's life.

"That's… acceptable," she agreed slowly with a just as slow nod. "For now, I've been waiting and I want to visit the room again," she declared. He didn't even have time to think about whether to say anything or not, because as soon as the last word was out of her mouth, Ophis disappeared. Once more, he was treated to the dragon's bizarre transportation, where she just… disappeared, as if she never were there to begin with.

It was certainly not like his usual teleportation, there were no circles, no delay. It wasn't like the angels' subtler method, where they blurred out of existence as a whole instead of through two magic circles. She was there and then she wasn't, as simple as that. Even looking for it, the best Joshua could get was like going frame by frame in a video and between one and another, Ophis just wasn't there anymore and, instead, she was in front of one of the rooms.

The Room, actually.

'What a scary creature,' he thought, not at all relaxing now that the dragon was away. Her presence under the arrays placed around his projects was just as unnerving, really. Fortunately, it took no time at all for her to disappear from "sight" as she stepped inside one of the rooms. 'Fuck,' he thought, deflating the smallest bit even as his heart kept racing.

Almost immediately, Friday reached towards him, latching onto him and wrapping around him in her version of a hug. Not long afterwards, she started teleporting the rest of her sisters over to where he was. Well, her familiar sisters, that is. Joshua wasn't feeling comfortable dragging the others over to him, where Ophis might still be looking even through the blocks he'd placed in the rooms, and at least he could stop that much from happening, if not his familiars.

"That dragon is going to kill me without even trying one of these days," he muttered, his hand falling on top of Cheshire's head. While he enjoyed the softness of her fur in tiger form, Nagini seemed to twist her body to his side, giving him a look that said all that she needed to, even without the bond. "I know you're bloodthirsty, but you're not stupid, Nagini. Don't act like you are," he said, although he knew where she was coming from. 'Although…' he started, before shaking his head.

Admittedly, he had half a mind to start working in some way to kill Ophis, if only for his own peace of mind. Maybe Great Red while he was at it, just in case. But that was extreme and also all sorts of wrong. Because Ophis scared the shit out of him and she had supported Khaos Brigade… but he was growing increasingly more sure that she didn't mean to do either of those things, at least, not in a way that he could blame her, really.

She was just… Her mind worked differently, and he knew a thing or two about how that could screw you over when it came to dealing with others. She wanted her Silence and that was all that was on her mind. Khaos had offered to help her, so she'd helped them in turn and that was that. Joshua was offering her an alternative, so she'd helped him too and decided to not get in between him and Khaos either, for her own sake if nothing else.

The dragon didn't concern herself with everything else that happened in between what she did. She might not even know about the shenanigans Khaos got up to. It was… certainly something, but Joshua was growing increasingly sure that might be the case.

She seemed… oddly straightforward, was as best he could put it. Joshua knew many would call her stupid, or ignorant, or naive, or any number of things along those lines… but he thought it was just a matter of her being simple minded. Synonymous, some would say, but he disagreed.

Cheshire's agreement with him and his thoughts was slightly reassuring.

None of that made dealing with the dragon any easier, admittedly, and they could be completely wrong, but he did feel the smallest bit more at ease with that assumption. Because it meant that so long as he stuck to his deal with Ophis and continued developing the Silence projects, the Ouroboros Dragon would keep out of his way and not disappear him from existence. He could do that, even if he could do without all the scares and unnerving meetings.

"This is a good thing, even," he mumbled to himself, once he'd calmed down a bit more and Ophis remained inside the room. "I'll be able to get more feedback, and that's great," he added, taking a deep breath in. Being able to ask Ophis more questions and – potentially, although he'd have to be careful about it – maybe even grow closer to the dragon were both great things to have within reach.

If he could turn Ophis from a neutral party into an ally, their conflict would be basically over.

For the moment though, he was still happy to not have her as an enemy anymore, admittedly.

"Daddy? Should we go back home?" Morag asked, climbing on his back and he nodded slowly.

"Yeah, I have to reassure everyone. They're probably as scared as I was after those messages I sent," he answered, running his fingers through his hair. "Fuuuck, that was stressful," he added, almost as a sigh. "Let's go."

And so, he teleported back home, ready to have a cup of tea or ten.

[}-o-{]​

"That's… concerning," Yasaka said and Joshua was pretty sure she had many words for the situation and "concerning" was just the tamest one. Personally, he'd just have outright called it bullshit, but such was their luck, he supposed. Nothing to do about it other than dealing with it. "And you're sure that things are under control?"

"As sure as I can be when it comes to Ophis," he replied with a shrug. That might as well be saying no, but it was what he had and everyone knew that. All three of his partners looked far from pleased with that, but they could join him in the club, honestly. "For the moment, I think my priority is getting some more progress underway and setting up the projects somewhere else, somewhere more isolated. No need to have Ophis coming and going so close to your territory, Yasaka."

"I think-"

"He's right," Serafall interrupted, drawing a stare from the youkai leader. That was basically a glare as far as Yasaka was concerned. "I know you want to be able to accompany Joshua and we agreed to this before, but the situation changed. It's no longer just a one time thing and they are way too close to your territory, Yasaka. Way too close to your home."

"Still-"

"We get it, Yasaka," Gabriel took over, for once working together with her devil counterpart on something. Not that they were generally disagreeable with one another, but they tended to play devil's advocate – would it be angel's in Gabriel's case? – to each other fairly often. Even when they did agree with each other, they never were as… passionate about it as they were at that moment. "You want to stay close and involved, but you can't here. Not without risking more than is reasonable."

"... I know," the youkai admitted after a tense moment and Joshua could have sworn she was pouting. Not that he'd point that out though. He rather liked living, after all. "I just… Sorry. I know I'm being unreasonable."

"Unreasonable, but it's not like we can't understand," Joshua commented and he was fairly sure that he caught all three of them off guard. He tended to stay out of such conversations until they reached an agreement or help them decide if they got stuck on something. They were much better at… Well, at a lot of things, so he generally felt like leaving them to it was the right decision. "Can you be patient with me for a bit, Yasaka? I promise I'll help you out."

"What do you mean by that?" Yasaka asked, half suspicious and half curious as she narrowed her eyes at him. He didn't blame her. He'd spoken very vaguely, after all. Then again, he'd done that on purpose to tease her a bit, so there was that.

"With things calming down, I can go back to working on projects from before," he said, without explaining. He waved his hand idly towards his notebooks and books as he leaned back, taking a moment to drink from his cup of tea while all three of his partners continued to stare at him. Two of them, in fact, had doubled the intensity of their gazes. "I also have Ophis' Infinity now too, which will make a lot of things much simpler."

"Does that mean…?" Gabriel started and Joshua noticed that, as she trailed off, her expression turned even more inscrutable than usual. He wondered if the slight shadow that washed over her golden locks was just his imagination.

"You think you're close?" Yasaka asked, for her part, and he grinned.

"I think I can make a working prototype relatively fast, at least for you. I've already succeeded in extending your range from Kyoto a little, but with infinite magic? I think I can make something more solid, better… Although, it'll probably be a while before it's anywhere close to perfect." he answered and the look of his youkai partner became something else entirely. It promised a lot of things for him that night – and maybe nights to come – and all of them were great. Amazing even, but he needed to focus.

… Really, he did.

"Yours might be a little more complicated," Joshua admitted to Gabriel, taking a deep breath in and then letting out a sigh. "Whatever it is that makes you fall, I bet it's connected to the system you've told me Michael is managing," he explained, leaning back and getting a nod from Gabriel. He wondered if that was confirmation, or just saying that she understood. She was a little cagey about that kind of stuff though, and he was far from surprised about that fact. Especially with the other two around. "So… maybe it's really time for me to visit your brothers," he said reluctantly, although the way Gabriel perked up made him feel a little better. "I kind of need to check on the system, and I imagine they'll want that much before I'm allowed a look."

"... At the least," Gabriel commented wryly, although there was amusement there. Which was good. Joshua had been worried she might take his words the wrong way. "I'm sure it won't be as bad as you think, Joshua," she tried to reassure, not for the first time. He'd believe that when it happened though, not a second before. "I'm not the only one that wants… help," she admitted and his eyebrows flew up. "Michael, Raphael and Uriel are fine, but… The system was set up very strictly during the war, and since our father died…" she explained, seemingly struggling with the words. She kept going before he could tell her that she didn't need to though. "Michael tries his best, but he's not Father. We're still learning how the system works, how to work with it. It's one of the reasons why we pulled away so much after the war."

That explained plenty and he really hoped he could help them in that case. Although, it might be too arrogant of him and too hopeful of them to believe so. This was God's work, after all, that they were talking about. Joshua had to wonder what his chances actually were.

"Won't know until I try, but I will try," was as much as he could promise, but Gabriel's smile was enough of a reassurance. "For now, we got a little off track," he commented, running his fingers through his hair and turning back to Yasaka, who had been the focus of the conversation at the start.

"You think you'll be able to extend my range to… wherever you move those projects?" the youkai woman asked him and he nodded. He'd meant to explain further, already on his way to that and with his mouth half open, but she continued speaking before he could. "Then do so. I can be patient."

"Thank you," he replied, almost with a relieved sigh.

[}-o-{]​

A full day later, Ophis still hadn't come out and Joshua was starting to feel a little restless.

Although, that was probably a good thing, but it was always better when she was off somewhere and he could put her out of his mind. Admittedly, that should have been more worrying, since Ophis and Khaos could be doing a lot of troublesome, downright dangerous things, but there was something about the dragon being where he knew she was that made him uneasy. Like knowing there was a nuke that could go off at any moment in his property instead of somewhere else in the city.

Realistically, he was screwed either way and it was better to have it where he could keep an eye on it… but the proximity by itself was frightening.

So, in the spirit of easing his worries at least a bit, Joshua had decided to get off his ass and really get back to working on the Silence projects. It was faster and with more effort than he'd have liked, but his vacation had been good while it lasted. On the plus side, at least Joshua knew that he could get back to more normal-ish days anytime. The one month of hell had been enough for him, and he'd rather never have to go back to that, if at all possible.

"I'll need to double down on some spells," he mused with a tilt of his head and he saw Serafall perk up off the side of his eye. "I didn't want to, but I don't think there's foci strong enough to cast True Silence anywhere on Earth. I'll have to cast duplicates and hope they stack well enough eventually."

Inefficient, but it was what he could do. Stacking the same spell over and over wasn't really an additive process, let alone a multiplying one. There were diminishing returns for that kind of thing, harsh ones at that. However, in the face of the roadblock he'd encountered in his path to recreating the Gap, he'd have to make do with that.

Because magic was no longer an issue, what with Ophis' gift, but there was only so much that the foci he had in hand could withstand before just… failing. So, between the bottleneck of his own magical control and output and the bottleneck of the spell foci, Joshua had to lament the fact that having infinite magic didn't immediately solve all his problems. It was universes better than not having it though, that part was undeniable and Joshua wouldn't be caught dead complaining about that…

At least when it came to casting magic, that is.

"Do you need more stuff?" Serafall asked, peeking over his shoulder as if she could understand anything his notes said.

Thinking that might have sounded a little mean, he supposed, but Joshua didn't mean it like that. His devil partner wasn't stupid nor ignorant, but devils saw magic way differently than humans, and even beyond that, Serafall was nowhere near knowledgeable enough in spellcrafting to be able to tell much. She could understand some things, but anything she said would likely miss the mark, on account of the much bigger array of things she didn't know nor understand.

"I might, but Ravel can coordinate that with House of Water," he answered, leaning back and considering that. Magician Associations were, funnily enough, the most useful for him, really. They were the ones with the knowledge and resources for magic that he needed, not the "more powerful" factions. Not to say they were the only ones that used said resources, but they were the ones that looked for quality stuff zealously.

Serafall might be able to find some things, he supposed, but the Associations would know better if that was the case or not.

"There is something you could help me with, maybe," he commented after a moment. It was something he'd considered for a bit, but he hadn't given it as much thought as he might have had to. He didn't think it was likely to go anywhere, after all. Maybe though, maybe there was no risk in asking, he supposed, and he did have some time in his hands again. He might even have more in the near future.

"Maybe? Do you know who I am?" she asked, pouting, and he grinned. "What is it?" she added, her expressions swiftly changing to a curious one. That was more like what he expected she'd really feel.

"More of a Sirzechs job, that's all," he started answering and she tilted her head. "Do you think I might have enough leeway because of the Sleep Disease to get a look at some devil bloodlines?" he asked. The expected happened after that, with his partner stiffening and her eyes widening. Of course he'd seen that coming. He knew he was asking for something big. "Not recreating them like with the Phenex. Just… studying them, for data that might be useful. I can even make a deal that I won't recreate them, maybe even a Vow. I just need some wiggle room in case it's necessary for me to go that route in an eventuality," he explained and that gave Serafall pause, making her consider what he was saying.

"Yes, that's… a lot more reasonable. I know some of the families you've helped would agree, some more reluctantly than others. Mine you know would accept," she commented and he decided not to point out that no, he hadn't known that. She seemed to read his mind all the same, if the pout was any indication. "Yes, leave this to me. I'll check with Sirzechs."

"Thanks."

"Happy to help!"

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ophis continues to be a walking disaster and a headache for everyone that knows and has to deal with her. Imagine being a menace just by existing. Fun stuff, amirite?

I'm sure nothing bad will come from pushing Joshua to try even harder than he already was.

Nothing bad for him, probably pretty bad for everyone else.

Oh well, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What do you think our boy wants with the fancy schmancy devil powers?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 155 others
Adrian King
Dec 30, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 219 - If I Can Get Through This New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jan 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,364
If I Can Get Through This

'It's been a while,' Joshua mused, watching the illusions dance around him. Once things had calmed down and he was doing better – not fine, not yet, but soon, maybe –, he'd decided to take a step back and give his daughter the attention she deserved and that she hadn't been getting. So, for old times' sake, he'd chosen to put up an illusion show once more. Ravel and Koneko were busy, but that was a plus, as far as Kunou was concerned.

She was growing closer and more accepting of the other two's presence, but she liked one on one time as much as the next kid… or so he assumed. Joshua would be the first to admit that he didn't think Kunou was very similar to normal kids, but children didn't always make sense, even when they were "normal". The point was that his daughter – the first to be acknowledged as such – was happy to spend some time alone with him and he was happy to do so with her, in turn.

"It's been a while," Kunou mumbled and he almost laughed. "What?"

"I was just thinking the same thing," Johusa answered, pausing the illusions. So that it wasn't too jarring though, he decided to have a "pause" sequence, where people shifted where they stood instead of just staying frozen. Animals moved and things were still affected by wind and such. It was like the world around them had been told to wait before continuing… which, in a way, it had. "Sorry for being so busy."

"... It's fine," his daughter mumbled and he smiled when she drew closer to him where she sat on his lap. She leaned back against his chest and seemed to shift as if trying to press even more onto him. "You won't be busy like that again, right? At least for a while?"

"I shouldn't, no," Joshua answered, but there was a weary smile on his face that she couldn't see. Ultimately though, he didn't want to lie to her, even by omission or vagueness. "I can't promise that I won't though."

"Hm, I know," she said, even though it was obvious that she was unhappy to hear that. "You're my dad," Kunou added after a moment and he blinked. "You're my dad and I'm your daughter." He was growing more confused by the second. "So… So you have to keep coming back, alright?"

'Ah, that makes a little more sense.'

"Always," Joshua said, leaning down and kissing the top of her head. To further prove the point that needed to be proved though, he took off his family locket and then put it on her. "You can keep it for a bit. You are a Davis too, after all," he commented, taking the locket in his hand and opening it to show the pictures. "We might need to add a few more people here."

"Ravel and Koneko," Kunou replied absently, most of her attention on the pictures switching in front of her with the smallest movements of her magic. "Do you think Fuyuko's tea is good enough to put her here?" she added as a joke and he was happy to hear her be a little more relaxed.

"I don't like tea that much," he answered, following along and pretending to be offended when she turned to give him a mock surprised expression. "I won't leave, Kunou. I never want to leave," he added, giving the situation the seriousness it deserved. And that was the truth. The only way he was leaving was if Yasaka or Kunou herself told him to go away. For better or worse, he'd become the little girl's dad at some point and he might have had a million doubts, especially at the beginning, but he regretted absolutely nothing. "I love you."

"Love you too, dad," Kunou mumbled and she was reminding him a little about when things started. Back then, she'd always found an excuse to call him dad. Maybe she'd always have moments like those. Privately, he hoped she would, because he liked hearing her calling him that. "I think I'm fine now," she said eventually, her voice low but nevertheless tinged with appreciation that made him smile.

With a nod that she didn't see, Joshua set the illusions in motion once again, continuing with the story he'd been showing her.

That was how Yasaka found them about an hour later, together and enjoying an illusion show with a cup of tea each and a half-empty tray of snacks by their side. Kunou had eventually gotten off his lap, but she had, also eventually, found herself back on it once again. Joshua wasn't complaining, not at all. As for the little girl's mother, she smiled fondly at them, especially when Kunou didn't seem to notice the new arrival, at least until Joshua spoke.

"Want to join us?" he asked and he was greeted with an even wider, happier smile that meant the world to him. That's what he'd worked so hard for, what he wanted to protect. His daughters, his partners, his friends, all of them every day since, were making all the tireless work he'd gone through worth it. Because if he got to have Kunou around him, happily telling him about her day and enjoying some show from his old world, then he'd be happy too. If he got to see Yasaka relieved, relaxed and content as she came back home from her own work, then Joshua considered himself lucky.

"I do," Yasaka answered and Joshua smiled unreasonably wide at that. Because there was nothing he wanted more those days than to see, to experience, what mattered in his life. Spending time with his family, with his loved ones, that was what he needed more than anything. More than rest and more than getting used to infinite magic, more than magic and more than power…

He'd lost everything once and now he had found himself with something once more. He'd be damned if he didn't appreciate it. Even more so if he let it slip through his fingers again.

[}-o-{]​

"You're warm," Valerie commented and Joshua smiled to himself.

She was doing a lot better, after some time with the piece of the original Grail. She wasn't fine by any means, but the dhampir's broken soul had… not mended, but the frayed seams seemed to have smoothed over, kind of. Like the cloth that made her existence was now simply cleanly cut into pieces rather than torn apart. Not much of an improvement, but she was no longer a husk of a person.

She could function, even if it was evident she was far from recovered, from healthy, from whole.

"You're nice," Valerie said, much like she had a million times. Joshua could tell the difference, especially after – he'd regretfully admit – he'd had to push her to the side to focus on Ophis and her Silence. Yasaka had always reassured him that there was someone watching her at all times and taking care of her. It wasn't the same as being there himself, however. "What are you doing?" she asked, tilting her head from where she was, draped over his back and peeking over his shoulder.

"Working on something to help you, hopefully," he commented and the arms around his neck squeezed a little appreciatively.

Truth was, he felt guilty about having pushed her aside so much. It felt like he'd barely given her the time of the day ever since Ophis dropped by and that was… That was kind of awful of him, or so he thought. She'd had her soul torn apart, but he'd been too busy to help her. Logically, he thought he hadn't been wrong to do so, but the mind was hardly ever perfectly logical.

So, in order to feel better, he'd decided to spend a good bit trying to work on his old projects. It helped that he had better tools for it then and there. He had more magic, for one, but he also had studied plenty of soul-related information for Project Silence. Joshua felt like he had a better shot at it then and there than he had the last time he looked. Although, admittedly, he'd probably have even more if he'd focused on that, but no such luck for him and for Valerie.

"Thank you," she told him. "You're nice."

Her vocabulary hadn't changed much. She still spoke oddly, like she couldn't quite string her thoughts together well enough and repeated basic things and the first things that came to her mind, but she spoke with more… clarity. No longer did her voice come out airily, almost vacantly. She spoke with more strength, like there was intent there, like her mind was at least trying to work properly.

"I'm trying to be," he replied as he scribbled down a few ideas he had on how to try and help Valerie. The best lead he had was to look for the missing pieces of her soul though, the ones Khaos had taken from her. That'd be easier said than done, but he thought there was probably some way to do so. Aika had done as he'd told her, for one, so Divination could be a lead. However, Joshua wasn't one to put all his eggs in one basket, especially not one that he didn't carry himself.

So, he was looking for ways to go about it and he had some ideas.

"I know you are," Valerie said and he paused, glancing at her. "That's why you're nice. That's why I like you," she added and he found himself surprised. That was more… depth than she'd shown in a while, he was pretty sure. There was a serenity accompanied with seriousness that reminded him of Gabriel in her eyes and he was curious enough to take a deeper look at her soul, even channeling a few gods.

Sure enough, his eyebrows shot up when he saw that her soul looked like it'd been… pulled together. There were missing pieces still, but it was almost like someone had tried to make it fit into a single thing all the same, pulling it all together despite the holes. That had, as far as he knew, never happened and he tried to analyse it as best he could.

Alas, it was a brief thing and it unraveled not a moment later.

"Thank you," Joshua said absently, getting a giggle from the girl with the broken soul. 'What was that?' he wondered, still staring at the shredded essence of Valerie. "Did you do that, Valerie?" he asked, hoping against hope-

"Do what?" she asked, blinking at him and looking thoroughly confused.

He'd expected that, but it was still a shame to see it. He wondered all the same. Was that accidental or had she somehow pulled that off without realizing? Was that her soul trying to become whole again? Was that something else?

'Friday,' he called and the living spell perked up, snapping to his side from where she'd been, playing with the rest of his familiars, particularly Morag. 'Do you mind keeping an eye on Valerie? Just to notice if something happens with her soul. It did something odd just now and I want to know if it happens again, or if something similar does,' he explained.

The spell could generally multitask very well, but she needed to be connected to an array to do that. She wouldn't be able to follow him around, sadly, but Valerie was at home, so it wouldn't be a great loss. She'd also never be alone and she seemed to have grown less dependent on him, so that helped.

Joshua still made a mental note to make it up to Friday whenever he was around to do so.

"I can," the spell said, her voice still all sorts of wrong. She was getting there though. He had noticed though, that she seemed to be testing "sounds" for her voice alongside learning how to speak at all, so that probably took away from that a little. All the same, he was happy to see her progress, or hear her progress, more accurately.

'Thanks. You're the best,' he praised, feeling the spell's magic wiggle around him happily. He smiled fondly at that.

It was so good to have some peace and be able to enjoy simple things like that again.

[}-o-{]​

"Very impressive," Joshua commented, doing his absolute best not to let his voice sound bland while at it. He'd just witnessed someone's casting and it was… not impressive. Not to sound arrogant, but the guy wasn't even all that. Sure, the Plant Magic he displayed making a jungle on a corner of the area they were at was kind of neat, but…

Meh.

He could sense the plants were mainly held together by magic. They'd wither in a day, two at most. They were all also sort of… generic plants, as it were. They weren't real plants. As far as Joshua was concerned, he was looking at barely biological plant-shaped constructs.

It was made to look cool, basically, and maybe to be useful, but it didn't feel like Plant Magic, really.

Karin's Nature Magic was way more impressive, if anyone asked him. He might mention that to one or two people, actually. That would probably be good for her too, so that worked. Actually, on that note…

"Maybe you can work together with one of my apprentices, Karin," he commented, using that to put some enthusiasm into his words. "She uses Nature Magic. I'm sure you two could make some impressive things together," he said, and he might have missed the way the man's face twitched the smallest bit if he hadn't had spells set up around to help him keep an eye on things. The smallest of frowns formed between his brows, his lips pursed a bit, yet he kept a smile on his face all the same.

"Of course, Mr. Davis. It'd be my pleasure," the man replied, lying through his teeth. "I'll just have to make time in my schedule, but for an apprentice of yours, I'm sure I'll manage."

"Please, do let me know," Agnes said, joining in and likely realizing that Joshua was done already with that whole interaction. She was perceptive like that. She pulled attention to herself, talking with the Plant magician and even pulling in everyone else around. Joshua was thus, mercifully, left alone for a bit, with Ravel by his side.

"Should I make note of that mage, Mr. Davis?" the Phenex asked and he turned towards her. It took quite a bit not to pull a face, but he was proud of himself for managing.

"Not at all. If we need plant help, specifically, chances are that Karin will do. If not, we can pair Karin with some other Plant magician, or Dion, or both," he said, and the devil wasted no time writing that down. "He also seemed to react badly when I made that suggestion about Karin."

"Do you want me to do anything about that, Mr. Davis?" she asked, almost managing to pull off an innocent look. Alas, Joshua knew better by then. So, he just raised an eyebrow at her, but Ravel remained steadfast in her efforts. Credit where credit was due, he supposed, she had her story and she stuck to it.

"Nah, I don't think…" he started, before trailing off, considering. "Maybe something subtle, something petty," he decided and the impish smile on the girl's face was very fitting for a young devil, or so Joshua thought. All the same, he grinned and let her go on. He was fond of the Stars. If someone like that guy wanted to try and get on his good side like he had, the only reason why he'd react like that was if they looked down on his apprentices in particular.

He couldn't very well let that stand, could he?

It wasn't all bad, admittedly. Most magicians in attendance at the event were actually kind of smart. He could see Meredith chatting away with a group of combat magicians at a table with snacks. Dion and Georg had been pulled aside by an elderly lady magician that seemed to have some kind of anti-curse magic that he'd forgotten the actual name of.

He'd also talked with some people that were actually interesting. Sure, their magics might not have been as strong or as flashy as Plant guy, but they had been useful in their own way and they gave him ideas. Like the guy with Weakening Magic, who had made Joshua think about weakening the perception of things for Project Silence instead of trying to outright cancel them. If it had enough strength to it, it might be more effective, since Ophis would hear through his blocks anyway.

That might be a nice stopgap until he found a better solution.

Joshua had Ravel make a note to be nice to that guy, or get Agnes to be nice to him, more accurately. Like him, there were a few other people, so he wasn't regretting having to go too much. Not that he'd gone there to meet with random magicians though. No, he was there because he knew he'd made things difficult for Agnes by disappearing for a month and some change and Ravel had suggested that appearing at such an event could be a good way to make up for that.

He wasn't sure why she looked so amused while suggesting that, but eh…

Didn't matter.

The point was that it actually hadn't been as boring as he'd thought. Way better than the devil gatherings Serafall would pull him to, that was for sure. Still, Joshua didn't think he was likely to volunteer to a lot of those, but if that kind of thing could count as something nice to do for Agnes and House of Water, then it was a good option to keep in his back pocket.

It might even work for Elizabeth too, even if he'd likely have to tailor it a little more, like sticking to her and making nice with her probably-just-as-shady friends. Not what he'd prefer, but they might have some… insights to share in regards to certain things that general magic society frowned upon. Like souls…

'Hm, it might be worth looking into…'

"Mr. Davis?" Ravel called, making him blink and return to the present. "I think Ms. Waterhouse could use your presence again," the young devil said and he nodded, gathering the will to deal with people once more and moving to do just that.

The things he did to settle things and for information.

[}-o-{]​

With some more work done and new ideas to test, Joshua found himself finishing up the new set ups for Project Silence: Room and Copy. Both had been changed quite a bit, although not nearly as much as he'd have liked. More than actual changes, the most he'd done was stacking a bunch of spells together. The biggest difference was the fact that he was no longer even trying to block out everything from the senses. Instead, he was trying out the idea of weakening what came in as much as possible.

Just in case though, he was ready to switch back to the old way of doing things.

He wasn't sure, after all, what the difference would be for Ophis. She could sense through complete blocks, after all. Maybe the difference would work better, maybe it wouldn't. Now that he had earned some wiggle room, he thought he could try what he usually did and just throw things at the wall to see what stuck. He'd just have to make sure he didn't annoy Ophis too much with all the testing, but that was better than no testing at all.

'I can't get used to it,' he thought to himself, bringing a hand up and flexing it slowly. Infinite magic, it was something that changed everything about his life. The way he felt himself, the way he cast, the way he could use magic. Every spell was like a completely different thing, even those that he'd cast exactly the same way before. Joshua was also used to spells having a draining effect, whether it was small or bit. That was no longer the case, with his reserves remaining full – infinite – all the time.

It felt off, not in a bad way, but also not in a good way.

Different.

Strange.

'This is my life now,' he thought, taking a deep breath in and still feeling like he was too full to be doing that. He was starting to learn to ignore that, but maybe he'd carry it with him always, never quite being able to put it behind him, out of his mind. Much like the game, he supposed. No matter how few screens popped up those days, Joshua would always be aware of its presence.

'Weirder and weirder,' he mused with a sigh that was somehow both amused, weary and exasperated. 'I'm not gonna complain about a good thing though.' And he really wasn't, even if he sometimes felt like he was. 'Anyway… how do I call Ophis though?' he wondered once everything was done.

Because the last thing Joshua wanted to do was annoy the apparently nigh omnipotent dragon while she was apparently still enjoying his prototype rooms. If she didn't get out though, he couldn't talk to her, however. He almost wanted to leave her there, admittedly, but he couldn't do that either. He wanted her further away from them, from their homes, if he could manage, after all. So…

'Well, she said she could still sense the outside, right? And if her senses are as ridiculous as I think they are…'

"Ophis?" he said, feeling a little silly. He soldiered on though. "I've set up new rooms with a different approach that I think could work better," he added and, again, the dragon appeared right in front of him, as if she'd always been there. Scary creature would be scary though and he had thought that might work… It was another thing entirely for it to actually work though, he would admit.

"Joshua Davis," Ophis said, maybe a greeting or maybe an acknowledgement. He saw her eyes move between him and the room, and he had the slight impression that there was eagerness there. "These are better?"

"They are different. I've changed things and some parts should be better. There's a big change that might be better or might not be. If it's not, tell me and I'll go back to the old approach, but hopefully better," he explained as calmly as he could. It was a struggle not to say everything in a single breath to get it over with as fast as possible, but he managed.

"I see," the dragon replied slowly. Surprisingly, she didn't just go for it though. The pause wasn't long, however. "Thank you," was all she added before moving to step inside the first room.

'Well, at least she tried to be polite. Didn't even give me a life altering experience that might kill me or leave me out of commission this time,' he thought wryly, standing outside the room and finally breathing a little easier. Admittedly, he'd have preferred not to be threatened with death. He was weird like that.

From there, he waited for a bit, as patiently as he could and checked on the integrity of the arrays. Some things needed to be fixed, but nothing had broken with Ophis' arrival, so that was progress. He did need to modify a spell or two that had been pushed a little too much though. Much better than how it had gone before, at least, and that meant that he didn't need to sacrifice so much efficacy for the sake of setting a replacement up.

That was a huge win in his books.

After a while though, Ophis stepped out.

"Different, but not bad," she told him. "Better than the other, but also not. Louder but… smoother?" she added and he blinked, processing that. So, weakening the outside stimuli was worse than trying to block it in terms of volume, but… 'What's smoother supposed to mean?' he wondered, puzzled.

"More pleasant?" he tried and Ophis considered that for a moment before nodding.

"In a sense," she told him and he made a mental note of that. "You said you could do another, but better?" she asked and he nodded. "Can you do it separately?" she added and he nodded again, slower.

'So, Copy, Room and… Room 2?' he thought, that was one extra option and that wasn't a bad thing to have around, he supposed.

"I can do that."

"Good."

And that time it was definitely a smile that appeared on her face.

Joshua was immensely relieved to see it.

[} Chapter End {]​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Joshua is slowly but surely getting his life back on track, huh? Love to see it. I felt a little bad with how badly Valerie's arc was pushed to the side, but as I explained here, it was kind of necessary, I felt. Beyond that, there was some fluff and some more putting people in his debt, normal stuff for Joshua really.

And some more progress in Project Silence… in a sense. Hopefully that arc isn't going to take over the story again. I don't think it's likely. I know people were getting the pitchforks and torches during the almost exclusive in-story month of that.

With that said, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: When's the last time you hung out with friends? I did so yesterday. Gee, wonder why I'm asking this, huh?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 152 others
Adrian King
Jan 6, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 220 - It’s Hard to Find Divinity- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jan 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,376
It's Hard to Find Divinity-

[Aika Kiryuu]

Things had been… calm, for a definition of the word.

Her days had become a bit of a routine, but that was hardly new, really.

For quite a while, however, school had become a lot less important in her life. Difficult to be concerned about that much when she was learning magic. Her grades in school had slipped, but not enough to be concerning, and that was good enough for her. No, she was much more focused on magic.

And her boyfriend, who turned out to be a lot better than she'd initially expected when she asked him out. Aika was aware, after all, that she was a little perverted – read, a lot –, so she knew a normal guy wouldn't be for her… nevermind her chances, really. She was no "school beauty", after all, to make up for her eccentricities. The Perverted Trio, however, had been too much for a while… until Issei changed. Thus, she'd taken a chance, gone out on a limb.

That had worked wonders, really.

She felt like she'd lucked out. Not only had she gotten a great boyfriend that had somehow been disguised as a perverted idiot for years, but she'd also gotten an opportunity to be in a world of wonders. Her boyfriend was apparently all but a dragon that would be at the top of the world and she had talent for magic.

She was less enthused by the attention Issei was getting now that his dragon charm was starting to work – and his physical training too, which was great, but also not – and girls were realizing that no, he wasn't reverting to his more problematic ways. Although, admittedly, she was a little tempted by some ideas… But that was something for future Aika to decide. Issei was surprisingly loyal – and also dense as a rock –, so she didn't need to worry nearly as much as she'd have expected.

Back to magic though, Issei had brought her the Holy Grail – not literally, because apparently the thing really did exist – of magic contacts. She hadn't known for quite a while, but Joshua was the Magician. She'd heard more than once about how he was the second coming of Merlin to magical society, probably even better. It wasn't even just his Stars that said it either, which could be understandably biased, but almost everyone said something to that effect. Even those that barely had contact with the man couldn't refute the claim without sounding like conspiracy theorists.

He was just that good and his achievements spoke for themselves.

Aika was also aware that not all his achievements were known, which made the entire thing even more impressive.

"Studies going well?" the man in question asked her one day, when they met to discuss things and for her to get some one on one tutoring. Not only because she was now one of his Stars, his apprentices, but also because she was working on a project for him. "No pressure," he reassured her when she grimaced.

Except, there was pressure. You didn't get assigned something by the man that had changed your entire life, placed you at the top of a society you'd just entered and opened all the doors in the world for you and not do your best, not try to show something for it. She'd worked tirelessly once she was told what she could do to repay him a little and she'd even roped the other Stars to help her out – when they weren't working on stuff for Joshua themselves –, but she still had very little, had achieved very little.

"Aika," Joshua continued, an understanding smile on his face. "Believe me. I know soul stuff is hard, from experience. I'm not expecting you to crack this easily, or soon. Any progress is good progress, even if it's just you finding out only things that don't work." That was a little more reassuring, but she had to wonder how much of it was true. Because she didn't think anything could be hard for the man, not when it came to magic.

"I've…" she started, pushing her glasses up nervously. "I have dismissed a lot of things," she said and the eager, curious look she got helped her keep going with some more confidence. "And I've found some things that work… I think, but they are very minor. Barely something at all. Like, there's this spell that works to know if something has a soul at all, but it tells me nothing else," she said, flipping through her notes to the aforementioned spell. "And I can't cast it yet. There's another that can tell if there's souls around, and how many, but that's… I'm still studying it. It's even more complicated. Half of the stuff makes no sense at all to me and I've talked with Levi, but he's more or less in the same boat. We're looking into it, but other than that-" she started all but blurting out, trying to justify herself more than actually give a report.

That is, until a hand fell on her shoulder and squeezed, shutting her up.

"Breathe, would you?" Joshua asked, sounding amused. Still, she did just that, taking a deep breath in and trying to calm her nervous heart. "It makes perfect sense. I've been where you are before and I know how weird stuff related to souls is. It's like having to learn another magic entirely, but way worse." He was not wrong about that. Aika wholeheartedly agreed with that assessment. "Honestly, I think what you have is already plenty and I can help you get a little further. Part of my mentor duties, pretty sure, and I've been neglecting those with how busy I've been these days. I'll have to make it up to the others too. They helped a lot."

She did her best to hold back an empathetic grimace. Her fellow apprentices had done a lot, yes, scouring through books for Joshua's research on the Dimensional Gap. They'd even celebrated after they gave their report, thinking they had managed to make up at least some of their debt. Not a considerable amount, but enough of it to not be insignificant.

Little did they know, Joshua was a cruel, cruel man.

All the same, Aika could only do one thing in the face of that.

"I'd appreciate the help."

She could only smile and accept, even if she was just as indebted herself.


[}-o-{]
​

[Joshua Davis]

Looking at the two fallen sparring, Joshua thought over a project that he hadn't touched in a bit.

Project Ascension had been kind of put on pause after its partial success, but there was more to it than going from two wings to four. Ideally, he wanted to cover the whole spectrum, maybe even going further. Alas, it seemed to be more difficult than just saying that, like with everything in life. Between that and a bunch of other things pulling at his attention, Joshua wasn't too ashamed of having pushed the thing to the side. It worked well enough for Heaven and Grigori, really.

Still, he felt like he owed Raynare to work on it.

Funny how that worked, considering how things had started between them. Joshua would never not be a little taken aback by how different things were after a bit, but they had. The fallen woman had made herself an ally of his and that meant something. She'd protected his family, acted on his behalf and helped in a variety of ways. Ignoring her, ignoring their deal, left him feeling guilty.

"Yeah, I know you like her," he commented out loud, rubbing his left hand on top of Nagini's head as they watched the pair of fallen continue to trade blows. "You just want her stronger so that you can fight even more seriously," he pointed out, getting an easy agreeing hiss in response that had him rolling his eyes. Of course she'd just admit it.

He didn't say much after that, too busy "looking" at the fallen. Or, more accurately, examining them with his spell arrays and senses. He wanted to see what was different in their nature, in their souls. What made Kokabiel have ten wings? What was different now that Raynare had four from when she had two? He knew some of that, especially the latter question, but now that he had more idea what he was doing, he could find more information. He'd lucked out the first time, especially in regards to the soul aspect.

He couldn't count on that happening again.

Joshua would have to schedule a visit to Grigori, or bring a few fallen to his place. He'd already inspected some six-winged fallen, but he could stand to do so again. Besides, it'd be an excuse to talk with Penemue and see how things stood. He had ideas of what to do with her and Grigori, especially if Azazel continued to be a problem.

'Let's not dwell on that though. Ascension,' he reminded himself, switching tracks and getting back to what he was supposed to be thinking about. At least, what he wanted to think about at that moment. He'd go back to working on Ophis' Silence afterwards… or maybe Freedom… or maybe…

He had a lot of projects, as per usual.

Either way, he could probably ask Penemue for at least one eight-winged fallen, right? Because there was a little something something that he could work on besides Ascension without getting too off track. That'd be fun to have at hand, truly, even if it'd likely be a lot more difficult to pull off.

He had threatened Azazel with it though, so he might as well make true to his word and work on it a bit.

"Finding yourself inspired again, Davis?" Kokabiel asked, dropping by with Raynare shortly behind. Apparently, they had decided to take a break. If he knew the woman though, she'd demand they get back to it soon. She liked to train until she dropped, after all, and Kokabiel couldn't very well say no.

Not if he knew what was good for him.

"In a manner of speaking," he answered with a shrug. "How was the sparring? I was only half paying attention," he admitted. The grin on Raynare's face said she'd enjoyed herself, but that didn't say much. Any training made her happy, even if it was shit.

"I should have put her down," Kokabiel said flatly. "How such a monster was beneath me without my knowledge remains a mystery. Or did you create this?" he asked, waving his hand towards Raynare, who looked flattered rather than angry. Although, there was a bit of that, but it probably came from the reminder that she'd been the man's subordinate and he'd backstabbed her.

"She was like this already. I just gave her… incentive and a little push," Joshua answered with a grin. He was rather happy with Raynare. Sure, she was a maniac obsessed with getting more powerful, but she was a useful maniac obsessed with getting more powerful. That was good enough for him.

"Terrifying," Kokabiel said, looking the smallest bit disturbed. "Absolutely terrifying."

"Thanks," Raynare replied with a wide grin.

"That wasn't a compliment."

"Speaking of incentives. I'll be looking further into giving you another pair of wings, Raynare," he commented, making the woman perk up further, a hungry glint appearing in her eyes. "You haven't reached your plateau though, so we have some time anyway, but I want to keep my word."

"I'll look forward to it," she said. Joshua was surprised that she hadn't pressed or demanded more progress. He guessed she might be more happy with what he'd already done for her than he'd expected. He had given her a shiny new pair of wings and a Longinus, he supposed.

Yeah, that could be it.

"You speak of such things so casually," Kokabiel pointed out, looking like he didn't know what to make of it.

"Wait until you hear about how I wanna look into reducing the number of wings an angel has," Joshua pointed out, both because he wanted to threaten the guy – he was not forgiven, or "reformed" like Raynare, far from it – and because he wanted to see what expression he'd make. He was not disappointed.

Not at all.


[}-o-{]
​

He had gotten good at killing two birds with one stone, Joshua figured.

Sometimes it was even more than two.

The point was, however, that he tended to try and be more efficient with his time, what with the myriad of projects he had to juggle, on top of family and friends and hobbies and- He had a lot of shit to get done every day, so he tended to try and multitask when possible. Like at that moment, for example, when he was working on Project Silence, but also on a side-project of sorts involving the Egyptians.

He was channeling them for the sake of increasing his capabilities in regards to a lot of things, from sensing, to magic, to a bunch of other things. All the while though, he was studying their effects on his soul so that he could, potentially, decrease the drawbacks of too much divinity. He wasn't having much luck, admittedly, but that had never stopped him.

Being able to channel them more effectively and in tandem could only be good. Joshua didn't think ignoring the possibility would be very smart of him, even if it took him a while. There were plenty of projects he pushed aside because they required too much effort for what they could do, but that was not one of them.

"Should you be drinking while working?" Koneko asked, golden eyes wide as she looked at him. Joshua just raised an eyebrow as he took a gulp of the cold, wonderful beer. Nephthys was truly the best of the Egyptians, no matter how much the rest of them whined about it.

"I have way too many ways to not get drunk," Joshua answered and the nekoshou seemed to take his word for it with a nod almost immediately. Then she turned back to the snacks laid before her and picked one. Some of the other Egyptians weren't too bad, admittedly. Heset in particular, God of Foods and Drinks, could be very neat.

"The cards…?" the white-haired girl asked then and he chuckled.

"Don't you see Mr. Davis is trying to work?" Ravel asked from his other side, narrowing her eyes. "He'll work on your stupid cat cards later. Besides, he has to make the fire-"

"Cats first."

"Wh-? No! He promised he'd make the fire egg for the phoenix cards!" the Phenex protested vehemently, much to his amusement. This was turned even more funny when she turned to him, face filled with indignation. "Joshua! You promised!"

He just raised an eyebrow at her. So much for leaving him to his work, huh? Not that he was annoyed or anything. It was hilarious. And also kind of endearing. Ravel didn't often let her childish side get the better of her. Especially when she was in the middle of acting all grown up and mature and responsible.

He almost felt like rewarding Koneko for pulling that off so smoothly, but he had a feeling that Ravel would pout at him if he did.

"I mean… You did promise," the blond girl mumbled, turning her attention to her notepad and flipping a page on it. She was pouting too, but Joshua felt like it might be unsafe for him to point that out, so he didn't. Instead, he chuckled, making her blush. "That's for after you're done though."

"Child," Koneko snipped immediately.

"You're one to-!" Ravel snapped before realizing that she'd been masterfully baited once more. "-talk…" she finished with a grumble, back hunched and pout even stronger than before. Koneko looked like she was about to deliver another "attack", but Joshua decided that was enough teasing. Thus, he planted a hand on top of the nekoshou's head and ruffled her hair.

She narrowed her eyes threateningly at him, but he knew she was harmless.

"Behave," he told her with a smile. "I'll work on both of your cards once I'm done here," he reassured, and they drifted back to silence, each working on their own things. Well, Ravel and him were working. Koneko was mostly just doing some light senjutsu training while snacking. In her defense, she'd finished her homework a few minutes before, so he guessed she was allowed to do nothing for a bit.

Besides, he knew she'd never slack off too much, since that'd make her look bad when compared to Ravel. Joshua wasn't entirely sure where that rivalry came from, but he was grateful that it seemed to motivate them to do better… Even if sometimes it'd get out of hand and cause some issues. They seemed to behave well enough so long as they had supervision to stop them before reaching that point, so that was reassuring.

Not like they were often alone together anyway, which was good for the wellbeing of the world.

"I like the cat better," Koneko commented when he started channeling Set for a bit, which the God of Storms and Chaos didn't appreciate much, admittedly. And that was before Ravel opened her mouth to say something worse.

"I like the bird better."

Yeah, Bastet being more well-liked was one thing, but Horus? Not only did Set hate that, but Horus couldn't help himself. The King God of the Egyptians was not one to hold back when smug, apparently. 'Seriously, you're a Pantheon of gods, can you behave like adults?' Joshua thought to himself. 'I'm going to switch if you don't stop that,' he added when Set's annoyance got a little out of hand. Channeling gods when they were emotional was not a pleasant experience, after all.

'Thanks, Isis,' he commented, receiving a warm, "you're welcome" feeling from the goddess that had become a lot more "talkative" when he'd had to mediate one too many arguments between gods. Apparently, she appreciated having someone else help her out in that role. Still, sometimes neither of them felt like standing in the middle of those messes, so he channeled her and they ignored the fights together. Like then and there, when it became obvious that two little girls had started a spat between gods.

Truly, he'd become representative to a most respectable bundle of idiots, really. At least he got help… and free beer and snacks. The jury was out on if that was worth the ruckus when they felt like being immature, but oh well. He was stuck with them, he supposed.


[}-o-{]
​

"They'll like you."

Joshua only gave Gabriel a flat look. She said it with so much confidence too. How? He knew he wasn't the worst kind of partner she could have, but that didn't mean he was anywhere near the kind of boyfriend literal angels would approve of. Pushing aside all the terrible things he'd done, which they might or might not justify, considering they had a not-so-spotless history themselves, Joshua was dating a Youkai – which might stretch their capacity for understanding already, even with DxD logic added into the mix – and a Devil.

Nothing against Serafall, truly, but she did not make for a good addition to his case when going to visit angels in Heaven.

"They'll like you, Joshua. Stop worrying about it," Gabriel insisted when it became evident that he was not believing her one bit. He still didn't after that, but at least he tried to pretend he did. She saw right through it though, if the exasperated-fond look she gave him was any indication. Not like he expected differently, but still. She could have at least pretended for him like he was for her.

With a sigh, he ran his fingers through his hair.

"How are we even getting there?" he asked. Better to get it over with before he could grow even less sure about what they were going to do, or so he thought. Maybe Gabriel was of the same mind, because she shook her head with a smile on her face, hugged his arm to her chest – her considerable chest – and then teleported them… somewhere very bright.

Heaven was… very stereotypical, apparently. It was a place sitting on clouds, for once, full of marble-like white stone and gold. It seemed to hit the perfect range of "warm" without stepping a single toe into "hot", let alone "cold". The sun was right there, shining on the entire place, which should have meant the whole place was painfully bright, what with all the light colors and reflective surfaces… yet it was not.

Almost too nice, was how Joshua would describe it, which he thought fit exceedingly well.

"This place is beautiful," he commented as Gabriel led him through the golden gates that he tried not to think too much about. "How you can visit mortal places and not find them lacking is a wonder," he added and he got a giggle from his partner.

"Anything can get dull after a while, even Heaven," she admitted and he was surprised no to see the by then almost familiar flash of dark wash over her. "The mortal world might not be as beautiful, but it's different, so different. There's so much to see, it changes all the time, new things appear, old things vanish. I can never tire of it," she explained and he nodded slowly. That made sense, he supposed, especially considering how long she was alive and how much of that time had been spent in Heaven. "Now, come on. My brothers are waiting on the Sixth."

So, they took a bit of a scenic route through Heaven, which was certainly a sentence to think about. Joshua wasn't complaining though, especially with how happy Gabriel seemed to be to introduce him to her home. It was almost enough to wash away all his nerves and fears. Almost, but not quite. Still, he managed to keep that from ruining things, at least, so he was happy with that small victory.

The First Heaven was interesting, with all the low-level Angels roaming about, living their lives. However, it wasn't nearly as interesting as the Second and Third, even if they were very different. The Second was a prison level of sorts, which Joshua found weirdly fascinating, since he expected angel criminals would just… Fall. Apparently, that wasn't quite how it worked and it wasn't only angels in there. He refrained from asking questions though, noticing that Gabriel seemed uncomfortable talking about that.

The Third called for attention in a whole different way, however, and it was Gabriel's turn to be considerate with him. It was, after all, where the souls of those that passed and went to Heaven resided. All through their short passage through, Joshua wondered if his parents were somewhere among the immeasurable area.

The Fourth Heaven, in turn, looked like… like Asia's dream place. It was a vast area of nature. The Garden of Eden was a sight to behold, truly, even with the awkward history that it had. It looked so vibrant, to Joshua. Like a jungle and a forest rolled together with all the niceness of Heaven that he'd noticed so far.

The Fifth Heaven was another of those areas that they passed by quickly, mainly because it was mostly a workplace. It had once been the house of most of those angels that now formed Grigori. Then, it was taken over by Raphael, the Seraph that seemed to be Heaven's equivalent of Ajuka and Azazel, the researcher. If he didn't get smitten sometime that day, Joshua might consider a visit to that spot in particular.

Although, if his last lengthy talk with Ajuka was any indication, he might have to rethink that.

"You took your time," an angel received them when they approached the Sixth Heaven. 'Uriel,' Joshua recognized immediately. Not like it was very difficult, considering the flaming halo. Since he was the "Flame of God", Joshua thought it was a wee bit obvious.

"I was showing Joshua all the Heavens on our way here," Gabriel replied in his stead, beaming way more brightly than he thought she should be. He supposed she wanted to put on a bit of a good front for his sake, make it a little clearer that she liked him and all that for her brothers. Maybe she was less sure about things than she pretended to be.

It seemed to work though, if the slight grimace on Uriel's face was any indication.

"Joshua, this is my brother, Uriel. Uriel, my partner, Joshua Davis," Gabriel continued then and there was definitely something in her tone when she said "partner". Like pride, happiness and a threat all mixed into one tone. He thought it was both impressive and scary she could even do that. Judging by his face, Uriel agreed with that last part.

"Finally here?" a new voice said and that was Raphael, if Joshua had to guess. Twelve wings that weren't golden and not Uriel, so… Yeah, a bit of a giveaway. There was also the slight green tinge to the shine of his feathers and halo that reminded him of Twilight Healing. It was interesting that Gabriel seemed like the most "normal looking" among the Seraphs. No golden feathers, no flaming halo, no green shine, she was just another angel, just with six pairs of wings.

"Welcome, Joshua Davis," Michael greeted, joining them all at the gates of the Sixth Heaven, their home. "Please, come in. We've been waiting for you to come and visit."

"Been waiting quite a while," Uriel all but grumbled, only to be – apparently – stopped from saying more by a look from Gabriel.

"I've been busy, but I'm happy to be here finally," he said, and maybe starting off things with a half-truth wasn't the best, but there was such a thing as too much honesty, he believed. "Gabriel has been wanting to show me her home and introduce me to her brothers properly for a while. I couldn't tell her no," he added and that was hundred percent the truth.

Something seemed to flash through all four of the Seraph's faces at that moment and Joshua entertained the hope that he might have said something right.

"Come in, come in," Raphael said, sounding way more enthusiastic than Joshua would have expected. "I have so many things to discuss with you."

"Maybe save the research talk for a little later, Raph," Gabriel commented as they walked forward.

"But Gab-"

Their meeting was, however, cut short as soon as Joshua stepped fully into the Sixth Heaven.

He blinked as a bright – the brightest he'd seen yet – white screen flashed before his eyes.

[Skill Updated: Language: System of Heaven]

Joshua didn't even have time to process that before the white screen disappeared, promptly replaced by a completely golden one, not unlike Michael's wings. A quick read of the short message had his eyebrows shooting up. That was nothing compared to what he got with a glance over the screen, however. There, he saw all four of the angels staring at the screen.

It was just as weird as seeing Ophis do that.

It made sense though, he supposed.

He glanced back at the screen.

[Welcome, Administrator #2.]


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ugh, there's so much I wanna say after that, but I can't. Not yet. I'll have to wait until I've thrown more stuff out, I guess. I'm saying this because I almost wrote notes that'd have spoiled a lot of things. Then I was about to type and my brain went "wait, you can't tell them that yet".

Ugh again.

Anyway, yeah, other than that, I guess it wasn't the best chapter ever, right? You guys know by now that I like them though. Who knows? Maybe you like them too. It'd make sense if you've gotten this far, but then again, people will complain about stuff like that even after a whole lot of chapters.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: If you check your phone notifications, do you have anything? What's the first notification? I, for my part, have an update on a story in RR to read, apparently. Other than that, nothing at the moment other than another "notification" that's just weather stuff.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 199 others
Adrian King
Jan 14, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 221 - -When You’re the King of Men New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jan 20, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,397
-When You're the King of Men

"Not Moderator, Administrator…" Joshua heard Michael whisper, face almost blank if not for the slight widening of his eyes. There was some strange flavor of awe in his voice, tinged with disbelief and the smallest bit of something similar to fear. "How…?" he added then, his voice just as low, as if afraid something would happen if he spoke louder, as he turned to look at Joshua himself.

Was he looking for answers? Because Joshua had none. This was new in an entirely different way. The System had never addressed him. It provided information, and that was about it. The closest thing to an actual interaction were the Quests, and he was reluctant to count those. Beyond that, the only time it had done anything of the sort was when Ophis did… whatever it was that she had done when she gave him Touched by Infinity.

"This… what's the meaning of this, Michael?" Uriel asked, turning towards his brother at the same time as Raphael and Gabriel, the latter of which had grabbed onto Joshua's arm and was gripping it like she was afraid he might disappear. Unfortunately for them, Michael didn't seem to have any answers himself.

"... Mr. Davis," the leader of Heaven itself started and there was yet another odd tone to his words, except this time Joshua couldn't quite place what it meant. He could have sworn, however, that it was… reverence? "Do you have any idea what this… is?"

"... I don't," he answered, being completely honest and also feeling a little disturbed that the Seraph thought he might. "I've never… This is…" he tried, unsure of what he even wanted to say as he looked at the screen still floating in front of him. With a thought, like he had a lot of other screen notifications, he made the thing disappear. He almost felt like asking if they could pretend that never happened, because…

That was not how he expected his first meeting with Gabriel's brothers to go.

At all.

Alas, the System was by then determined to make it awkward and it was not done. Because just mere seconds after he dismissed the screen, another one appeared, just as golden as the last. It floated innocently there, for all of them to see once more.

[Access Granted, Administrator #2.]

That screen, mercifully, disappeared on its own. However, whatever relief Joshua might have felt was short-lived, because that one wasn't replaced by another screen, no. Instead, something much, much worse happened. Instead, there was a shine all around the five of them, like golden dust had formed a tube around them, from the ground and up, twisting like a tornado of sorts…

And then they were surrounded by a myriad of golden screens.

"Michael!" Uriel said, urgency now prevalent in his voice but his brother had no answers, nothing to reply with, looking around with wide eyes like the rest of them. Joshua, for his part, gulped and tried to focus on one of the screens, any of them. And then he moved to another, and another, and he started getting an idea of what was happening.

Although, it wasn't that hard, considering what the very first screen, the white one, that popped up had said.

"Heaven's System," he mumbled, looking around. It felt like reading magic circles, if magic circles were mixed with his magic notes and books. It was like rules and information and directives and just random messages had all been rolled into one thing. It was also like reading an advanced academic paper when all his knowledge was just highschool level. He understood the words for the most part, but the concepts? What was being said? Trying to get those left his head spinning.

"It is," Michael confirmed for his siblings, who apparently couldn't put that together for some reason. 'Michael is supposed to be the one managing the system, was that because he's the only one that can understand it, access it? The only one that can do the job?' Joshua wondered immediately, and that sounded plausible enough… "And you can read them…" the angel said, looking at him as if he were some strange unknown creature instead of… well, what he was, who he was. In a way, that kind of confirmed his suspicions, Joshua supposed.

But then what did that mean for Joshua? Why had the System given him that? Not only the ability to understand the system, that he might have accepted, even if it'd been crazy. Not even the craziest thing that could have happened, all things considered. Not when he had literally infinity coursing through his body those days.

But what was that Administrator business? That was the one question he didn't have an answer for. Joshua would really like answers to that.

"We have… much to talk about," Michael continued, looking straight at Joshua this time, whatever the surprise had done to him bleeding off and being replaced with something that was all business. That was Heaven's leader then and there, no longer Gabriel's brother and certainly not the surprised angel that had been taken aback by something unexpected.

Something was telling Joshua that he didn't mean to talk about his intentions towards Gabriel or anything like that. He didn't think he ever would, but he'd have preferred the Shovel Talk to whatever he was going to have to deal with next. The wonders of life never ceased… no matter how much he wanted them to.

"... Unfortunately… I think you're as lost as we are," the angel continued, whatever steel had been in his eyes and whatever might held his shoulders up both disappeared after a second. He still looked like a faction leader, a powerful one at that, but he also looked… tired. He reminded Joshua of what Yasaka had looked like back when she was trying to shoulder everything herself. "Maybe you can help us decipher what this means, however. Starting with working with me to make sure that nothing else… unexpected has happened, if you'd be so kind."

"... Of course," Joshua replied, because of course he did. What else could he have said to that? And maybe, just maybe, he'd get some answers while at it. "What do you need me to do?" he asked and he was a little taken aback by how relieved Michael looked.

Things were making less and less sense by the minute, and Joshua was quickly growing tired of that.


[}-o-{]
​

"So, everything's fine?" Joshua asked, having gotten more and more concerned with every item that Michael wanted to check with him. They went over a list of the most key features of Heaven's System – or the System of Heaven, whichever – that he could think of. At some point, Raphael had joined their efforts, pointing out stuff. He didn't need to be able to read the stuff to be able to help, apparently.

A bunch of the things he'd had to look over sounded pretty damn important. Like the ones that were in charge of the whole afterlife aspect of Heaven, and the ones that supported angels' existence. And that was just naming two sets of countless things that sounded small until one looked into things. There were a bunch of things they had to check out in regards to Heaven and the Church's use of holy energy, even the outright capability of doing so in regards to the Church.

It was when they were looking over that last one that Michael found out that Joshua had access to Light Magic the same way angels did. That had been fun, but he supposed the angels were way past the point of being surprised by something like that. Not that he blamed them. They were still dealing with the other, much more shocking and important revelations, evidently.

"I believe so," Michael said, deflating where he'd moved to sit together with everyone. Joshua had gotten the impression that it was a table for Seraph meetings. There was a big empty chair at the head of the table that remained empty, but Joshua wasn't stupid enough to ask anything in regards to that while he was conjured another chair on the opposite end of the table. It didn't take a genius to put two and two together.

"Thank you, again, for your assistance," Michael added after a moment and Joshua almost wanted to shift uncomfortably on his chair. He had gone from worried to exceedingly awkward with all that had happened. He really wasn't sure how to feel about all that was happening. He'd expected to get the Shovel Talk: Seraph Edition and instead he got… whatever the fuck was going on.

"Don't mention it," he replied, not for the first time. And he really hoped he wouldn't mention it, but he kind of expected it was inevitable. "Least I could do," he added, taking a deep breath in trying to calm his nerves. It didn't work, but he didn't know what else to do.

"You don't need to feel worried," Raphael was the one to say that. He was looking at Joshua… curiously, almost excitedly. The way Joshua looked at a particularly interesting piece of magic, wondering what it could mean and what he could learn from it. He wasn't sure how to feel about that either, admittedly. "This… This must have been a plan of some kind. Michael and I… we'll look into things by ourselves, if you don't mind."

"I don't," he replied easily and Joshua could have sworn that Raphael's smile widened… or maybe it was that it became more honest? How did angels become so scary? 'Be not afraid' his ass. "Please. I want some answers myself and… I promise I won't even try to do anything," he added, for good measure. Because they'd also found, in their efforts, that he could summon Heaven's System screens at will and that was not normal. It was apparently supposed to only be accessible in the Seventh Heaven, so that had been another fun revelation, he supposed.

Honestly, he wasn't even remotely curious about the System. He was too terrified of messing up and causing something huge and terrible to happen. No, thanks. The last thing he wanted was to accidentally make Khaos Brigade's dreams come true and let out Trihexa because he broke God's sealing without even realizing.

No, thank you. Michael and co. could continue to deal with all that.

"If I can help with anything, don't hesitate to call, alright?" he added, straightening a bit when all angels looked at him a little more intently. His partner, at least, didn't fill him with dread while doing so, thankfully. Gabriel hadn't said much through the entire ordeal, while Raphael pointed out things, Michael guided him through things and Uriel voiced concerns. He hadn't failed to notice that she remained by his side all throughout everything though, and he appreciated it. "We didn't mention that, but… you said something about the screen reading Administrator instead of Moderator?"

"... Observant, but we expected that," Michael said, a wry smile on his face. "Moderator is my designation. Administrator… was our father," he added and Joshua felt like he should have developed a spell to turn back time already, if only to be able to take back questions that he didn't want the answers to, like at that moment. Surely he could make something like that with infinite magic- "And yes, I do believe there's a difference in what I can do and what you can do. You might be able to help us with some things, indeed. That's in the future, however, and only as a maybe. As it is, I appreciate the offer, but we'll have to discuss this before trying to do anything."

"Of course," he replied with a nod that he hoped didn't look as stiff as it felt.

"Joshua," Gabriel said, her voice all but cutting through all his thoughts. "It's fine," she added, reaching with her hand towards him and he hesitated for only a moment before taking it in his. "Nobody could have seen that coming and we'll figure out what this all means," she told him, like she'd read all his worries and decided to throw them out the window. In fairness, she probably had. She was scary and perceptive like that. "I have to say though, this isn't how I expected introducing you to my brothers to go." He appreciated the fact that she was trying to bring some levity to the situation, he really, really did. It didn't work, but still. It was the thought that counted.

"Somehow, better and worse than them pointing light spears at me, wouldn't you say?" he asked hesitantly with a nervous smile tugging at his lips.

"There's still time," Uriel commented, even though he looked like he was still somewhere between concerned and angry. As the guy in charge of Heaven's defense, Joshua didn't really blame him. He probably was like a walking nightmare for the guy, more than he'd already been before the days' findings.

"You said you wouldn't threaten him," Gabriel replied, narrowing her eyes at her brother and Joshua would almost have dared to think she was pouting, but there was no way. All of a sudden though, it was Uriel's turn to be the nervous one, looking like he wasn't sure where to hide, or like he knew there was nowhere to do that.

There was no denying it wasn't the worst way to meet his partner's family.

It certainly wasn't the best though, however, that was true too.

Considering his life, Joshua supposed he'd take it.


[}-o-{]
​

"Only you, Joshua," Serafall said wryly, shaking her head and looking at him as if what'd happened was somehow his fault. The worst part was that he didn't even know how to respond to that. Denying it didn't feel right, but agreeing seemed even more wrong. "We can't leave you alone for five minutes, can we?"

"Gabriel was there!" he argued immediately.

"And I'm sure she tried her best," Yasaka joined in and Joshua sent her a betrayed expression. "Unfortunately, it wasn't enough. A shame, truly."

"I'm sorry," the aforementioned angel replied, seemingly having no trouble following along and throwing him under the bus. So much for angels being nice. All he knew about Heaven was a lie. DxD Heaven and angels were all evil. No wonder the heroes and protagonists were devils.

He should have known better, truly.

"It's fine. We'll just have to make him pay you for the troubles," Serafall said and… never mind. Both angels and devils were evil. The DxD world was doomed and there was no salvation. Thus, Joshua contemplated just making some kind of dimension hopping magic and taking his daughters to a safer, kinder world. Surely that was the only way to find peace.

"All of you… are horrible, mean and heartless," he replied flatly.

"You were going to say that we suck, weren't you?" Serafall asked and he grimaced at the same time that Yasaka giggled and Gabriel pursed her lips. He wasn't sure what the angel was trying to hold back, but he hoped it was a smile or a laugh and not a pout or a glare.

"I'm never walking into that one again," he answered dryly and the devil just grinned at him, knowing that she'd won already. "Can we get back on topic?"

"What is there to talk about?" Yasaka asked with a raised eyebrow and he turned to look at her incredulously. "As I hear it, you two handled that as well as could be expected. From now, it's a matter best left to you and Heaven. Outsiders shouldn't intervene with such things. As it is, we barely interfere with each other's factions unless it's to cooperate. Doing that too much is bound to cause issues, after all," she pointed out and he hated that she was making sense.

He needed help dealing with that bullshit after all. He really did.

"I just… feel like I'm in way over my head here," he replied, deflating a little where he sat. "I don't know what to do, what I'm doing. Why…?" There were a lot of things that he wanted to ask why about, but his mind failed to settle on one. Instead, he trailed off, his eyes moving down towards the cup of tea he'd almost left forgotten on the table.

"It'll be fine, Joshua," Gabriel said and he relaxed the smallest bit. She was the one best equipped to reassure him, given the circumstances. "I know you won't do anything with the power that you've been given, not unless we ask you to. I believe that's part of the reason why you have that at all. My brothers will have their reservations, especially Uriel, but they'll realize it's fine once they get to know you."

"... I hope you're right." Because if the angels thought they were subtle by getting Gabriel to stick to him, then they were very wrong. He didn't point it out though, when his partner told him that she'd be going home with him and that she wanted to spend more time with him.

Somehow though, Gabriel smiled wider than usual at that moment.

"Well, if they don't, all the better," she added and he blinked at her, uncomprehending. "That just means I'll have to stay by your side, to make sure you don't abuse your newly found power," she said and she almost managed to sound serious about that. The smile was kind of ruining it though, admittedly.

"Lucky bitch," Serafall grumbled. "What kind of bullshit excuse is that?"

"Serafall-"

"She's gonna use that to steal our time, Yasaka!" the devil interrupted and the youkai paused what she'd started saying in order to consider her words. After a moment, she turned to narrow her eyes at a still smiling Gabriel. Joshua, for his part, pondered the merits of just making a run for it. Sounded like a smart strategic choice, quite honestly.

"Dad!" a voice called out, saving him from having to make a decision at that very moment. Instead, he turned to see Kunou entering the room. "I was telling Koneko and Ravel about the flight game and we wondered if you could set it up in a room for us to play?!" his daughter asked enthusiastically and he stared at her for a long moment.

That sounded like the kind of normal that hadn't felt possible a moment before.

"What about Morag?" he asked, with a raised eyebrow when he saw a pouting woman-spider peeking over the corner of the door.

"She'll cheat with her webs though!" Kunou whined immediately. "She said it!"

"Didn't say it wasn't allowed," his familiar pointed out immediately. Sensing an argument though, Joshua decided to interrupt.

"Then you can all "cheat", can't you? Ravel can use her Phenex bloodline, Koneko and you can use senjutsu, maybe youjutsu… Actually, does Koneko know youjutsu? We could get her to learn," he suggested, growing distracted towards the end. His words seemed to pacify his first – though not oldest, which was still funny – daughter as she started considering possibilities. "Come on, let's set that up while you all discuss things."

And if that offered him a chance to "run away", Joshua wasn't going to complain nor point it out.

The giggles behind him as he left the room said plenty though.


[}-o-{]
​

Joshua had a feeling that his partners were trying really hard to make light of the situation, especially Gabriel. Because surely he wasn't the only one that was a little – a lot, in all honesty – freaked out about… everything. Every time he thought he was getting used to bullshit, life decided that was a great time to throw another curveball at him.

He was growing tired of that, he really was.

How had he gone from just another dude down the street to… whatever the fuck he was supposed to be? Sometimes, he didn't know if he was human anymore, despite what the system said. Sometimes, he didn't feel human anymore and that… that was scary and concerning and… sad, all at the same time. Joshua didn't know how to feel about any of that.

"You are at the peak," a voice said and it was so unexpected and he was so unused to it that it took him a moment to realize that it had come from the Charm, from the Egyptians. "You are exceptional, comparable to the divine, like us. Yet you remain a part of the mortal world, human, if barely. You're a Pharaoh, Joshua Davis, as simple as that." He didn't know who that was. He didn't remember if he'd ever talked to an Egyptian deity beyond that one encounter with Nephthys. It was that rare to exchange actual words instead of vague thoughts and feelings.

Yet, despite that, he had a feeling that he knew. He might not remember their voices, if he knew them, but he did know their presences. They were always with him, to the point that it was normal for him to feel them there, watching, supporting, reacting. He had grown to know them without words, had grown to understand them even, occasionally.

"Horus."

"From one king to another, Davis, trust yourself. Being aware of your own failings is important, but so is confidence. For if you falter, what is to befall those that lean on you, those that rely on you to support them," the deity continued, and Joshua was even more taken aback that he remained. Maybe his turmoil had warranted a more direct intervention, or maybe the god had woken up chatty that day. Truth was, Joshua had half expected him to disappear after a few words, yet… "You are the pillar that holds your people, Davis. Act like it."

"I don't know if I'm strong enough enough for that," he commented, running a hand through his hair and looking to the side, where he could see his partners were talking amongst themselves. It was a poorly disguised effort to give him some space, but he appreciated it all the same.

"Nobody has said you have to do it alone," a different voice, a woman's voice, kinder and warmer, whispered. "Few things can, or even should, be held by a singular pillar, Joshua. Find yourself pillars worth trusting, the same way that your people trust you. A shared burden becomes much more manageable, wouldn't you say?" she asked him and he found himself smiling, a little more relaxed.

"You guys should speak up more often," he said, but that time he got no words. Instead, he got a feeling of satisfaction and pride from both deities, together with a few others. Some of them were less pleased with him, but those were a minority, thankfully. "Thank you, Isis, Horus. I needed that, I think."

It was easy to take the Egyptians for granted, with how hands off they were, but they had helped him plenty. All the way back when Shed first found him, scared and weak and almost useless. All the way up to that point, they'd been there. He knew he was doing a job for them, however indirectly, but it never quite felt like enough. Surely slapping a "Pharaoh" label on himself and letting that be it wasn't enough, right?

There had to be something he could do for them.

"Find yourself pillars worth trusting, the same way that your people trust you." Isis had said that, and yes, she'd meant it in regards to trusting his partners and maybe even Heaven's judgement on him. Trusting them to help him deal with this new, overwhelming situation. However, that was great advice that could be applied to a lot more than just that.

And Joshua was getting good ideas on what he could use that advice for.

Ideas that'd help the Egyptians and let him repay some of his debt.

He felt them curiously peek into his mind, trying to find what he was thinking about. He didn't let them see that though. He decided it'd be a surprise unless they decided to actually ask. A little teasing, as it were, which turned out to be fairly funny since some of them were outright pouting. Yet they refused to speak.

He'd been picked up by a weird pantheon, but they weren't so bad, he decided.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well well well… I hate having to explore new stuff, and I also hate having to deal with important stuff. It always leaves me nervous, because I know my writing style can be… underwhelming. And normally that's fine, I feel, since I don't write very epic stories for the most part. However, every so often there's a chapter like this, where I'm left feeling like I haven't done justice to what's happening.

Maybe that's a subconscious factor on why the stretches of slice-of-life drag on sometimes, me putting off stuff like this for fear of ruining it. Granted, it's not the whole reason, but… Food for thought, you know?

Either way, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter and that my fears are unfounded.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Are you religious? I would never call myself that, personally. However, I also wouldn't really call myself an atheist. It's more that I don't really care, if that makes sense. Wonder if there's a word for that.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 164 others
Adrian King
Jan 20, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 222 - I Played This Game for You New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jan 27, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,415
I Played This Game for You

[Serafall Leviathan]

"Well, that's gonna be fun," she commented before taking a gulp from her bottle of water. In front of her, Joshua chuckled to himself, unaware of just how "fun" what he'd said would be. Fun for her, that was for sure, fun for him, and it'd be even more fun for Ravel, she'd bet. He wasn't wrong about any of that, but what he was wrong about was… a few things in regards to his plan.

Alas, Serafall had given up dealing with that side of her partner, just as she knew Yasaka and Gabriel had. He had gotten a little better, but that'd be about it, she supposed. There were worse things for him to be, especially when he had all that power at the tip of his fingers. The fact that Joshua managed to still be a paragon of goodness after everything had to be studied, really.

"That aside… Are we done here?" he commented, looking to the side where the director and co. were looking over the last scene they'd shot. "I think that scene was good." Margalo chose that moment to chirp something on his shoulder and Serafall could only look at the two fondly as they shared one of those brief but significant moments. Those moments in which Joshua and his familiars would share a split second glance and a million thoughts, warm smile on his face and soft features on their everything.

Like a moment before, when Domino Mask and Sussie had absolutely terrified a poor actor during their scene.

"I think it was good too, but you know they have their own opinions sometimes," she replied when the moment was over, even though her own smile remained. That kind side was a very endearing thing about Joshua, that was for sure. Just as meaningful as his ability to care and his generosity. "Can I just say? I'm liking these peaceful chapters, easier enemies, bonding moments."

"Lots of bonding moments," Joshua pointed out eyebrows raised and his lips tugging upwards, amused. He had noticed that there were a lot more romantic moments between Magical Girl Levia-tan and Domino Mask, apparently. He had also – correctly at that – deduced that she was the person behind those. Unfortunately for him, he had no proof.

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about," she said, making no effort to hide things anyway. Because, what'd be the point? Besides, again, he had no way of proving that it was her.

Knowing a lost battle when he saw one, Joshua left it at that with a shake of his head.

"Anyway, I like it too," he told her, his smile turning into a grin. "So, provided we are done, any plans?" he asked and Serafall had a suggestion to go somewhere at the tip of her tongue. Alas, she was good at reading people, and that meant she definitely noticed how off Joshua seemed. Not that it was a new thing those days.

Infinite magic and then… whatever the fuck it was that Heaven's System was trying to pull on him, both things had left him off balance and he wasn't recovering. Joshua's tolerance for supernatural bullshit seemed to have reached its peak. Not even he could normalize what had happened around him, not with one, but two instances of madness at that.

Worse even, he still had to continue working on Ophis' Silence, keep being a father to a bunch of girls – and familiars – and keeping up with Yasaka, Gabriel and Serafall herself. She felt bad for that last one, but in her defense, Joshua was doing that to himself in that regard. The three of them were doing their best to support him, to make things easier by playing things down like they were no big deal. They hoped it'd make it easier to deal with for him, and it worked… but it only worked so much, unfortunately.

"I feel like just going home. You know, get some snacks, something to drink and do nothing for a bit," she said and she was immensely proud of the relief and gratitude that she saw in his expression, his eyes. Joshua really needed to stop overworking himself, and if she could use her dates to help with that, all the better. Besides, it was nice to just cuddle at home. Even if she hadn't felt like doing that herself – which she did –, she would have suggested that anyway, because Joshua put up with his own things that he didn't want to do for her sake.

"That sounds like the best idea I've heard in a while," he said, sighing exaggeratedly and making her smile. "Your home or mine though?" he asked and she paused.

Sometimes, she forgot that no, she didn't live at the place he shared with Yasaka – not even the youkai herself counted it as fully hers anymore –, and it was a little silly that she did. She mostly went back to her own place, after all. Maybe her own mansion or maybe her family's, – more often than not the latter, since she didn't like how empty her house felt, even with her few peerage members around. They were not the sociable kind, funnily enough – but the fact of the matter remained that she did go there. Nothing against her parents, but it didn't feel the same. It was her parents's place, not hers. The mansion was so empty it didn't feel like it was anyone's, and maybe that was why Serafall had never bothered trying to make it hers.

"It's been a while since we've seen your family, right? I mean, Sona comes around for training sometimes, but that's about it," Joshua commented, breaking her out of her thoughts with a smile that drew her attention straight to him.

"It has," she acknowledged with a nod, smiling a little wider. Yes, that was a great idea. Besides, it was adorable to see Joshua just be nice to Sona and watching the poor girl not knowing what to do with her feelings for the man. Alas, she had no chance. She'd been thrown in the Childzone together with Rias forever ago, after all.

Too bad for Sona, but more for Serafall, she supposed.

Which was good, because there were already way too many people to share Joshua's time with.


[}-o-{]
​

[Yasaka]

"It'd been a while since I saw that one," she commented, bringing her cup of tea to her lips. Beside her, Joshua smiled fondly in the same way that she probably was, his eyes locked off to the side just like hers were. There was their daughter – it soothed something in Yasaka's soul to think that, always, because apparently she was more like Kunou than she thought –, playing against Ravel with the illusion chess set that Joshua had made what felt like a lifetime before.

The card game was a lot more popular those days, what with constant chances and improvements, but Kunou had felt a little nostalgic, apparently. That and Ravel and Koneko probably had felt a little left out, since they hadn't really been there for the completion of that particular project. Morag had been there, even if she hadn't been able to play. The woman-spider, however, didn't seem too bothered by that fact, nor did she seem to care what they played. She just liked the opportunity to play against her sisters.

She was adorable like that, after all.

"It had, yes," Joshua confirmed, taking a sip of his own cup. "Makes me think about making some other game," he commented idly. "Maybe I should."

"Aren't you making that flying game Kunou was talking about before?" Yasaka asked with a raised eyebrow. Her daughter seemed very excited about that one, after all. She had rambled a few times to her already.

"Yes and no. I just made the flying part, the game part will be on Kunou and maybe the others," Joshua answered with a shrug. "I could help with that, sure, but I think it'll be better if it's entirely her project, or their project, whatever. Having something to work on will be good for her. I think," he added, that last part coming out a little unsure, like he did sometimes when he was trying to be a good father.

Not that he was wrong, at all, but he was usually more unsure when he tried as opposed to the confidence and ease he showed when he didn't. It was very amusing to see, for Yasaka. She almost wanted to tell him not to try and just do what came naturally, but she knew that'd just make him second-guess everything he did thereafter and nobody wanted that.

Even less so those days, what with how uncomfortable he seemed to be with his new… situation.

"So, yeah, maybe some other thing," he said, and Yasaka noticed the way his eyes grew tired, almost dull. Because he was probably thinking about all the other things he needed to work on, none of which could even remotely be considered something fun or relaxing for him. For as much as he liked to tinker with his spells, the pressure of importance took that away from him.

It was cruel, the way life seemed to have taken something Joshua loved and made him hate it.

"Maybe once I finish a project or two," the man added, turning down towards where he had a notebook laying on the table. There, he started working again, scribbling down something and erasing something else. He tried to play it off, like it was no big deal, but Yasaka had eyes and she knew how to use them. Beyond that, she was also one of the, if not the, best senjutsu users in the world. He had no chance to fool her.

She saw the way his body was always the smallest bit tense, the way his emotions would dampen when he got lost in thought, the way he seemed to have to push himself to work some more. She could sense the weariness bleeding into his life energy, like a sickly color spreading on clear water. Concerning, ever so concerning to see any of those things in the man she loved, but Yasaka couldn't do anything. For all her power – political or otherwise –, she could do nothing. Because the things Joshua faced, nobody could help him with.

After even his attempt at reaching out to a similar-minded individual had failed, what chance did she have.

"You're worried," Joshua said, and she blinked at him. He hadn't looked up from whatever he was writing down. "You haven't touched the tea in a bit. You haven't even moved, pretty sure. And you're not looking at the girls playing."

"That is… correct," she admitted slowly, almost changing her mind before she did. In the end though, Joshua was right, and for all that he lacked the social skills Yasaka – and his other two partners – had, he wasn't stupid. "You worry me, Joshua."

"I know," he replied with a self-deprecating smile. That was why she hadn't said anything. That's what she had been trying to avoid. "And I'm sorry. I don't think I can do anything to help with that," he said and she hated how defeated he sounded while saying that, how full of shame and hopelessness. Joshua, of all people, shouldn't feel any of those things, not with all that he did and all that he was. Yet because he was who he was, he did.

Perhaps that was what Heaven or Yahweh – somehow – had seen in him, someone that cared too much for others and too little for himself.

Someone that wouldn't do what most would if given power over things that shouldn't be handled carelessly.

"Joshua, you don't have to be sorry for any of this. None of it is your fault," she said, feeling like she'd said similar things a hundred times. If she always saw his shoulders relax and his expression soften like she did then and there, then she'd say them a million more. Just for good measure, however, she reached with her own life energy towards him, helping filter out the poison that his own mind brought to his life energy. "You do what you can, and we do what we can. You can't help your worries, just like I can't help mine."

"But here you are, helping me with mine."

"And you've helped me with mine plenty," she replied almost immediately, because that was the whole truth. Once upon a time, it'd been Joshua that helped her. If anything, she was just returning the favor. "I love you," she added, because that never failed to bring his mood up, simple man that he was.

Maybe she was a simple woman too though, because-

"I love you too."

-it never failed to bring her mood up when he said those words too.


[}-o-{]
​

[Dion Fortune]

"Do we know what he wants?" George asked, looking like he was fearing Death itself to come through the doors to their room, the Stars Room, as the rest of House of Water had started calling it. Not an inappropriate name, really, considering they had basically done whatever they wanted with it. There were desks arranged around the place, shelves lined the walls full of books and more things spread all over. "Because I'm not going to lie, I'm scared."

So were all of them, really.

Davis had called them all through Meredith – Well, all but Aika, who'd gotten a call of her own – to meet him at the room, just like they had called him when they'd finally finished gathering the information on the Dimensional Gap. He also hadn't mentioned what he was calling them for. The most optimistic view they could muster was that he wanted to give them an apprentices-only lecture of some kind…

But he could also have called them to do what he did best and further indebt them to him, because the man seemed to drive some kind of sick pleasure out of that. Dion herself had learned a lot about how to make sure she always had a favor from someone in any eventuality from the man. She'd done her best to put it all to use and she'd had very good results. She had a web of magicians now, all of which she could call in a pinch if need be to work in combination with her own Coven Magic.

Very useful indirect lesson, that one.

Dion hadn't gone too overboard though, because she was no Joshua Davis and because she had more mercy than he did. She knew how it was to be on the other side, so she tried not to push people too much. If she didn't, she might have pushed people away from doing business with her.

She wasn't, after all, the best of the best like her mentor was. She couldn't just expect people to come her way regardless of what she did like Davis could. Dion needed to make friends, make people like her… but also have just enough debt there for her to call on them if necessary.

She had to manage a delicate balancing act where Davis just… didn't.

"He said something about repaying what you did with the information you gave him, the other day," Aika said and all of them flinched. That'd been what they'd been fearing. Was that what was going to happen? Because Dion felt a part of her die inside just thinking about it.

Ruthless, truly ruthless.

"I'm sure he won't," Meredith mumbled, but not even she seemed to believe what came out of her mouth. If anything, she looked like she was pondering the merits of jumping out the window and making a run for it. Tempting idea, Dion would admit, but they were all under Davis' spells already in House of Water. There was no escape for them. Their fates were sealed and there was nothing to do but to accept it.

So, that's how they waited. Like people on death row, they sat there, in silence. They couldn't even muster more conversation, too busy thinking about what they might do if their fears and Aika's words proved true. Was there any idea they might have missed that'd help them get out of the debt they were being buried under? Was their fate to eternally serve Davis until, hopefully, they were finally freed of the burden?

There were worse people to be indebted to like that, for sure, but Dion couldn't help but feel helpless all the same.

That's what she found herself thinking when the door finally opened.

"Oh good, everyone's here already," Davis said as he stepped in, as if any of them would dare to be late. The last one to arrive had been Levi and he'd been half an hour early. "Why do you all look so pale? Everything alright? Are you working too much?" he asked, concerned, and it was kind of… bizarre how he didn't even realize what he did.

Ravel, behind him, was far less oblivious to the situation, if the roll of eyes was any indication.

"Do I have to call Agnes and-?"

"There's no need for that, Professor Davis," Karin said, softly but quickly, before things could get out of hand. "We stayed late working on some projects last night, that's all."

"Y-Yeah, just lost track of time," Levi jumped on that lifeline immediately and latched onto it like the desperate man that he was. Not that the rest of them were any better, really.

"George and I got a little distracted talking about a spell combination," Dion added and Pickingill was quick to follow that up.

"We were considering a job, you see?"

"Huh?... That so?" Davis asked, looking between them curiously. Meredith and Aika nodded their agreement easily, not any more eager for more debt than the rest of them. "Well, I can't fault you for that. That'd make me a hypocrite," the man said with a chuckle. "Anyway, I guess I can make this quick then, so you can all go to sleep or something," he added casually.

Dion was really not liking the smile on the Phenex devil's face, however.

It spoke of terrible things in their future, but-

"So, you see, you can help me with something," Davis said and she could have sighed in relief at that. George did sigh, actually, and Meredith didn't look further behind. "I have duties to my pantheon, the Egyptians, if you didn't know." As if they could not know about that. They'd personally gathered as much information about him as they could. Not a small amount coming from Ravel Phenex herself in the time when Davis wasn't around. "Now, I can't do much by myself, however. That's why I called you all here. You're going to help me carry out my duties."

"... And how can we do that?" Dion risked asking, not seeing where he was going, exactly.

"You see, I have to spread the good word, as it were. Improve the Egyptian pantheon's reputation." Well, she guessed they could take jobs in his name. That'd indirectly work in the Egyptians' favor, right, so- "And that's why I'm going to use the fantastic power of delegation. You're all going to get your own blessings, you're all going to act on behalf of myself and the pantheon."

There was a pause and a stretched out silence after that.

'Did… did he say blessings? As in… Divine blessings?' she wondered, slowly turning to look at her fellow Stars to make sure she hadn't heard wrong. Pale faces and sweaty foreheads told her that no, she'd heard perfectly well.

"So, who wants to go first?" Joshua asked, as if he weren't putting another nail in their coffin.


[}-o-{]
​

[Joshua Davis]

Despite what some people might think, there was only so much that Joshua could remain ignorant about a topic. Which is why he knew why there was some dread in his apprentices as he moved towards them, towards Meredith who would be the first one. He knew they were dreading whatever perceived debt they were about to incur.

The truth of the matter was that they really were doing him a favor here, blessing or no blessing. He wasn't doing enough for the Egyptians as it was, and this would go a long way to making up for all the pantheon had done for him. No matter what they thought, he'd told Ravel in no uncertain terms that this wasn't going to add to whatever they owed him.

Ravel seemed certain that they wouldn't see it that way… and Joshua reluctantly agreed.

"Ready?" he asked, tilting his head as he looked at Meredith. She looked like she wanted to do anything but nod, but that's what she did in the end. Because she probably thought she didn't have a choice… and she didn't, but it was for her own good. No matter how they saw it, he really was taking away from their debt. Maybe one day they'd believe him when he said that.

That was a problem for the future, however.

As it was, Joshua just reached out, placing his hand on her forehead and letting one of the gods at the back of his mind move through him and to her. Like the lioness she was and the domains she governed, Sekhmet moved violently, destructively, in a way that was almost painful but not quite. Like it should be painful, but it ended up being only uncomfortable.

So, that was the first agent, Sekhmet's chosen. Very fitting, considering the goddess was supposed to be the protector of Pharaohs and Meredith was his only combatant apprentice. That and the fact that she'd be the one he called on if he needed some help combat-wise. Like with the vampire situation, for example.

"Next…" he said slowly as he stepped aside. Where she stood, Meredith seemed to look at herself, flexing her fingers as if feeling her body for the first time. It was an experience, having a god's power for the first time, so he wasn't too surprised. His own experiences had been kind of minor, until he started channeling, but since they were only getting the one god, that might make it more meaningful than his own blessings had been. Either way, he stepped in front of Aika. "Close your eyes," he warned in that one instance and the girl didn't hesitate at all.

Soon afterwards, Irer moved through him, much more gently than Sekhmet had before. Personification of sight that she was, the goddess was likely to help Aika with her magic a great deal. Selfishly, Joshua hoped that'd mean she'd make more progress in the stuff he needed, but if it didn't… Well, it wasn't like he was banking on that.

"Careful if you decide to open your eyes, Aika," he added absently before stepping aside once more. "Come on, don't be shy," he urged a moment later when George almost seemed to want to step away as Joshua turned towards him. "I promise they are nice," he reassured, as if that were the problem.

Imhotep was, admittedly, borderline gentle when he moved through Joshua, he noted to himself, a little amused. He remembered that particular name from a movie and… Well, that didn't matter. What mattered was that the healer god would pair incredibly well with George. Maybe that'd push him into a level that could be useful further down the line. He was hoping it would. Maybe Georg would have the key to better deal with soul recoveries…

"You're really making me feel self-conscious here, guys," he thought out loud, watching Karin, Dion and Levi stiffen. The first was the bravest, proving why Morag had taken a liking to her by stepping forward, shoulders squared. One would think she was going to war, honestly. "No need to look so tense," he commented with a raised eyebrow even as he reached with his hand.

Renenutet was an agricultural goddess, and that was only… tangentially related to Karin's Nature Magic, at best. The deity had been eager when offered the chance though, and Joshua thought that mattered more than compatibility, really. There were also not that many generally nature oriented gods in the pantheon, by the looks of it. Most of them tended to focus on one or two aspects of it rather than its entirety.

He wondered how that'd work out for both his Star and the goddess, however.

"And then there were two…" he mused idly, not missing a bit as he approached the last of his students. With no hesitation, feeling how the others were already coming down from the high of their blessings, he moved to bless the last two. He wanted to be there in case they had any questions or needed help with something.

The second to last was Dion, who was chosen by Hesat. He wasn't too sure what she was goddess of, truth be told, but there was something maternal to her, which made him think she might be a goddess of motherhood or some such. She always enjoyed when he spent time with his daughters, that was for sure.

Why she'd chosen Dion was a mystery, but he suspected it was because, in a way, Coven Magic could be considered a motherly magic. A magic that took weaker spells and made them stronger, nurtured them, raised them. It commanded its own way of respect and deference, but softly, caringly.

"... A deity chose me?" Levi asked when Joshua turned towards him at last, as if he were surprised that he did. Was he expecting to be left out? And Joshua thought he was oblivious. Hadn't he directly stated that he was part of the whole deal?

"Sure did." In a way, his was actually the most surprising and at the same time the most expected. It'd certainly be a shock to Levi himself though. Because if he thought no deity would choose him, then being picked by someone as notorious as Thoth would be quite something, surely. God of knowledge, writing, scribes and tuition though, Thoth couldn't have been more perfect for Levi if he tried. Although, it was the other way around, right?

"That's that," he announced, clapping his hands and stepping back a little. "Now… any questions?" he asked. He pretended not to hear Ravel stifling a giggle behind him while the Stars stared at him with wide eyes. "I'll take that as a yes," he commented idly, but that was to be expected.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Everyone will be indebted. Resistance is futile. Even you guys, shall one day be under Joshua's thrall.

And you will goddamn like it.

Anyway, in seriousness, this chapter was fun, because even I'm over here simultaneously amused and wanting to facepalm at Joshua's actions. And also, admittedly, feeling a little bad for the Stars. They just can't help but win, no matter how much they want to stop. Certainly a predicament of all time, huh?

That aside, well, a little more outside PoVs because they are always nice, right?

All that said, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: I dunno if I've asked this before, but do you have a favorite Star? I feel like I haven't given them much of a time to shine in a while, admittedly, and I do wonder if I'll get to write some of that for them soon. Alas, Joshua's journey has way too much shit sometimes…

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 142 others
Adrian King
Jan 27, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 223 - Champions Aren’t Born, We’re Built New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Feb 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,422
Champions Aren't Born, We're Built

[Karin]

She felt… the same and different and more, all at the same time.

She could feel Renenutet at the back of her mind, whispering things without words. Telling her about nature and plants and their ground and animals and their instincts and how to handle them. Every time her mind wandered to a spell, the goddess would point things out, things Karin could do with them, things Renenutet could help with, things Karin could do better. Most of all, however, Renenutet would tell her about the things she'd no longer need magic for.

Her blessing alone would be more than enough to make things happen, to make plants grow, to make cattle healthy, to look over fields and make sure resources were never scarce. Renenutet whispered tempting things, encouraging things, and Karin could do nothing but listen as the divine power coursed through her body. Weak in presence, but there, very much there and very obviously there. She felt it like a stream, running through her body like a single vein in between many that were only for blood. Divine energy made her feel like a completely different person, even though little had changed.

"You and I, girl, we'll make great things happen," the goddess told her, for once using words and speaking louder. "The Pharaoh is wise, and some of his wisdom has been passed onto you. You'll make him proud, just like I'll make our pantheon proud."

Our.

She said our.

And Karin supposed she wasn't wrong. She was no longer just a member of House of Water and little else. She was now a member of the Egyptian pantheon. An agent, directly under the leader that was Davis. In the span of an hour, Karin had gone from a normal magician – if apprenticing under the best of the best – to being so much more. Few magicians could speak – or dream, even – of reaching such heights, let alone humans, and there she was, with the opportunity dropped on her lap.

Dropped on her lap by her teacher, who seemed to treat it all like he'd taught them a particularly neat spell, rather than presented them with divine blessings. She could see it in all her fellow apprentices', fellow Stars', faces. They were all trying to wrap their minds around what'd happened, to no avail.

"Everything alright?" Davis asked her, standing in front of her and looking her up and down as if looking for a visible sign of something going wrong. Karin just stared at him, wondering if saying she was hurting from excessive debt would help her case any. She had a feeling he'd think she was joking or something, however, and she wasn't in the mood to see that. "Huh, Renenutet was kinder to you than some of the others were. Particularly Sekhmet and Irer," he commented, glancing towards Meredith and Aika. "If you need anything, let me know, yeah?" he added, giving her a comforting squeeze on the shoulder and a warm smile before moving to check on George.

'I need a way to pay some of this back,' she thought, but didn't say. Because she knew he'd wave her away, brush it off. How was it that just when they'd managed to do something for him, an admittedly rather small thing compared to their debt, the man turned around and did this? How was that in any way fair?

"The Pharaoh's generosity knows no bounds," Renenutet whispered. It should have been a good thing, but they both knew it to be nothing of the sort. The words came out ominous and both of them were wary because of them. "But he's given you this opportunity for a reason. Help him with his mission, and that should be payment enough, don't you think? He helps you, so that you can help him."

That… made some amount of sense. Maybe it'd never be enough, but if she could at least do something other than continue to receive his favor for free, then Karin would be happy. It wasn't like they dreaded being in his debt per se, even if Ravel could be scary when invoking it, but they hated the idea that they couldn't return some of the favor. It made them feel undeserving, like Davis' efforts would have been better spent elsewhere.

However, maybe Renenutet was right. Maybe this was an opportunity to do more. If they could help spread word, raise the reputation of the Egyptian pantheon, then that'd be a favor to their Pharaoh, right?... Yes, she liked the sound of that.

"Together, we'll do great things, Daughter of Sven." What did that even mean? Her father wasn't called Sven. Why was she calling her-? "Your magic is overlooked, and so is my domain, but we'll show the world, won't we? We'll show them what we can do. And when we do, they'll see how strong both your Pharaoh and my pantheon are."

"Well," Davis said, snapping her away from Renenutet's sweet whispers with a clap of his hands. "I see you're all getting the hang of your blessings and the voices in your heads," he added flippantly with a grin while Ravel sighed behind him. Karin very much empathized with the devil, truly. "What do you all say we move this to a training ground and get some testing done? Better to know what you're capable of, yes?"

"Professor Davis, these are… rather busy hours for the training grounds," Meredith pointed out and Joshua just raised an eyebrow at her. Eventually, the girl blushed self-consciously.

"Don't worry about it. I'll clear one, maybe two, for us. Ravel-"

"I'll talk with Agnes, Mr. Davis. Give me a minute," the devil replied before the man could even finish, nodding at him and then leaving through the door. Karin sometimes forgot that Director Agnes was as deep in debt as they were. It was an insane notion, but it was true nonetheless. Nobody was safe from Davis, apparently.

"Right, while we wait. What do you guys say we discuss what we'll be trying out?" Davis asked with a half-smile and Karin resigned herself to her fate. She'd have to follow the path Renenutet had mentioned and hope that'd be enough, she supposed. They had been doing some progress just by doing well in jobs. If they did exceptionally well, then all the better, right?


[}-o-{]
​

[Joshua Davis]

"Thank you for the opportunity, Lord Balam," Joshua said, using his best acting to try and sell the idea that he knew what he was doing. In truth, he was just repeating the stuff that he'd been told by Ravel and Serafall, really. It helped that he did mean the words though, so that worked in his favor, at least. "I promise you that I won't give anyone else the ability to do what your family can."

His request for devil bloodlines was… going slowly, from what Sirzechs told him. Not that it was a surprise, admittedly, but Joshua couldn't help but feel a little frustrated. He really couldn't care less for the actual bloodlines themselves. He just wanted the data. It was all information that could give him ideas, approaches to doing stuff that he might not have thought of.

Studying the Phenex Tears by themselves – without doing so with the Phenex bloodline itself – had given him way more than just fast healing. He'd learned how to better keep the body in peak condition. He'd used what he'd learned about them in the arrays that he'd used to wait awake for Ophis. He'd used that for the arrays that he was, at that moment, using to patch up his soul when harmed by divinity.

There was so much that could lay hiding in those things, because devils were creatures of magic. Human bodies were approximately 50 to 60% water. Devils had a similar percentage of just pure magic making up their existence. He hadn't found anything similar anywhere else so far, except maybe nekoshous, and those were a tentative hypothesis, since the only ones he'd had access to were both reincarnated as devils. Not even valkyries reached that level, although they could be somewhat close in certain cases.

So, he really wanted to study them and their unique applications of magic.

"Think nothing of it, Lord Davis," the devil in front of him replied, looking mighty pleased with himself. Admittedly, it looked rather odd on his rock-like appearance, but such was the Balam family and Joshua wasn't there to judge the aesthetics of their bloodline. Although, he did wonder if that was somehow connected with their Power of Might. "After you brought my wife back to me? The least I can do is return the favor when asked," Lord Balam told him.

He was a great guy like that, he supposed. The man was the sole exception to the difficulties Joshua was having to get the agreement of devils in order to study their bloodlines. He had agreed almost straight away, after some minimal talks and reassurances. Thus, he marked himself as either a very nice guy, or a very reasonable one, or both. Or, as an extra option, the guy just loved his wife that much. If that was the case, then Joshua's respect for the guy would shoot up a great deal.

On the matter, Ravel had said that made him a smart man, but Joshua wasn't sure what being smart had to do with anything. It was all just a matter of trust, really. Because he knew he was asking for them to just take his word for it, for the most part, unless they sat down to talk about the aspects of an Oath that both parties would be happy with, which probably wasn't going to happen anymore than just making them agree normally because his terms were too vague. Or so he was told, at least.

One would have thought the Sitri and the Gremory would be accommodating too, but there were… issues in both regards. With the latter, involving a certain Bael and with the former… Well, his relationship with Serafall brought a number of issues in a number of ways and they were dealing with one of those. Joshua didn't hold it against her, at all. He had known what he was walking into… for the most part.

And dealing with that was a small price to pay to be with Serafall, really.

"Now, do you need us to do anything, Lord Davis? Or should we just leave you to it?" Balam asked, sounding genuinely curious, maybe even a little interested. Maybe he was trying to get something out of the agreement? If he did, then Joshua would be at least open to discuss things, considering the man hadn't tried to make a trade out of it in order to allow him to look into his bloodline.

"I'll set up the spells and look into things normally first. Then I might need to see your power in action, maybe test how much you can do, if that's okay with you, Lord Balam," he answered, happy to be more in his territory rather than the politics' one.

"Carry on then, neither of us want to waste any time, I'm sure," the devil told him and he nodded with a slight smile. He was liking Balam so far. Maybe he could talk with Ravel about doing something nice for them. His defenses were… interesting, for sure. They likely used some variation of their family's Power to make them work a certain way, but that was something he'd learn after looking into things more. Still, Joshua was reasonably certain that he could improve them after a more thorough inspection.

That was a talk for some other day though.

Joshua had other things to do at the moment and, as Balam said, he did not, in fact, want to waste any time. He might not have Ophis looming over his head like a Damocles' Sword, but the dragon was still a danger. Furthermore, Khaos was being worryingly silent once more and he didn't know how to feel about that. Because he knew they were trying to do something, he just didn't know what… exactly.

He had strong suspicions, however, from what he remembered and what he'd seen.

Joshua also didn't know if they were being silent because they were struggling with something – like the pieces of Valerie's Sacred Gear not working properly, for example – or if they were preparing something huge. He was very, very worried about that last possibility. Which was why he was trying to get as much done as possible and also why he needed as much information and ideas as possible.

"Everything's ready," he said, mostly because Balam and his wife seemed actually curious about his process and it didn't really bother him much to run commentary on what he was doing. Least he could do, for people that were willing to give him potentially very good tools for the future without making it annoying or slow.


[}-o-{]
​

Joshua was very wary of Ophis.

That was no surprise to literally anyone – anyone that knew about the dragon and what had gone down, which wasn't very many people – and didn't need to be said, really. However, that was still a fact, and as such, it stood to reason that he wanted to keep an eye on her. Or as much as he could keep an eye on a creature that could do whatever the fuck she wanted.

Hence, the fact that there was an entire array in place to watch over all three of the Project Silence spots at the moment dedicated to keeping the dragon calm. If she stepped out of the rooms and for some reason didn't immediately go into another or disappear, he wanted to know. Hell, he wanted to know even if she did do that, just to be informed. Because he was still rather on edge knowing she was right there but literally nothing else.

Although, admittedly, he was a lot calmer now that he'd moved the rooms far away from his home.

Still didn't change anything, but he felt better anyway.

So, on account of all that, Joshua felt like it was entirely fair and understandable that he knew the exact moment she came out of one of the rooms – the Sense Weakening Room – and didn't immediately go to another or elsewhere. Instead, she stood there, head tilted to one side. When he realized this, he moved as fast as he could to go visit her. He had several reasons for that, and he hoped she'd humor him for a bit.

"Joshua Davis," the literally infinitely strong dragon greeted when he teleported next to her.

"Ophis," he replied, gathering his wits as best he could. "I hope the rooms and the changes I've been making work well?" he started with, because he felt like it was a safe enough question. Surely she'd have voiced or otherwise shown her displeasure if that wasn't the case.

Sure enough, she nodded.

"They have," she answered simply, and that was all she said. Because of course it was. Joshua had started to expect such blunt, straightforward responses from her. It didn't make them any less nervewracking though, because they forced him to talk more with her in order to get what he wanted.

"If there's anything that stands out to you about them, I'd appreciate knowing. That way I can improve them faster," he explained. That time, he didn't even get a verbal response. Instead, Ophis just nodded and let the silence hang around them some more. Resigning himself, Joshua moved on to the next point he wanted to address. "... Was something the matter? You've never just… stood outside like this," he asked cautiously.

"I was looking at Khaos Brigade," she answered and he blinked at her with eyes as flat as hers. She'd just looked- 'Doesn't matter. Of course she can just look at them even if they're probably halfway across the world from here,' he thought to himself. Although, he made a mental note of the direction she'd been looking.

It might be useless, but it might also not be.

"They are… suspicious," she commented idly, with the same tone she said… well, most everything she said, really.

"Of you?" he asked, blinking. Did they not know what was going on in regards to his rooms and all? Were they unaware of his relationship with Ophis? That was… he wasn't sure how that'd happen, but he could kind of understand it. If they were as wary of talking to the dragon as he was, and if she was as vague and misleading as she was with him with them, then…

Yeah, it actually tracked.

"No… That too, but no," the dragon said, looking off to the side again. "They are doing… strange things," she added, as if that explained anything. Maybe it was just Joshua, but he felt like that cleared up precisely nothing. If anything, he probably had more questions than before. "I'll be going back into this room… Does it have a name?" she asked and this time she looked downright intent, which only served to set him even more on edge.

"... I call that one White Room," he answered hesitantly. Formerly Project Silence: Copy, he'd started calling it the White Room, after Ophis confirmed that, for her, it was basically a white noise room. "The others are the Quiet Room and the Soft Room," he added, waving his hand at Project Silence: Room and the Weakening version of the latter, respectively. Ophis had said that they were quieter and softer, after all.

"... I like them," she commented with a nod that he imagined was approving. Although, maybe he was trying too hard to get a read on her and imagining things. He couldn't really be sure. What he was sure about was that she didn't immediately move after that, which was also unusual. "Thank you," she said eventually, before walking into the White Room.

Joshua remained outside for a long moment, going over the interaction again and again. He'd make an illusion re-enaction for his partners so that they could help him see if he'd missed something. Although, they had about as much idea on how to deal with Ophis as he did, really. None of their social training and experience could really help them deal with the oddity that was the Ouroborous Dragon.

They could help him brainstorm though, that was for sure.

'I'm never going to get used to her,' he thought to himself, sighing and running his fingers through his hair in an attempt to calm his beating hard. 'At least she's not completely unreasonable, I guess,' he mused, although maybe he was getting complacent because things were going well. Nothing really said Ophis couldn't snap at the weirdest and/or most inconsequential thing.

All in all though, his life and/or world hadn't ended yet, so he was feeling cautiously optimistic.


[}-o-{]
​

"Thank you for coming, Joshua."

"Please, don't thank me for this," Joshua replied awkwardly with a smile that reflected that sentiment. "If I'm being brutally honest, I really, really want to just wash my hands off of this," he said then, drawing a giggle from Gabriel. Which was a lot better than the indignation that he expected from the angels when telling them that he wanted nothing to do with the System of Heaven Administrator role that he seemed to have been given for… reasons.

Granted, he already knew his partner didn't mind his attitude towards the whole situation, but he'd expected at least one of the Seraphs to be indignant or outright angry. Instead, Michael looked downright pleased, Raphael was looking at him the way he looked at the runes Göndul taught him and Uriel… Well, Uriel was the closest to what he expected, but if anything he seemed frustrated, as if he'd expected Joshua to say something else and was annoyed he'd been wrong.

"You seem confused," Raphael pointed out, as if that were a great mystery.

"I half expected you guys to be offended or something, I'll admit," he said wearily, because he'd been able to push away thoughts on the matter while away. But in Heaven? The entire System of Heaven issue wouldn't leave him alone, like a creature had climbed on his back and weighted him down.

"We'd be more offended if you tried to do whatever you wanted with that power," Uriel said, although his voice came out like he'd changed his mind right before growling the words rather than speaking them. "We don't know why you were given the designation you were, but you're a human, a magician, a representative of another faction and you're involved romantically with two-"

Gabriel interrupted the last part before it could be finished, clearing her throat.

"... You're not who we'd have picked," Uriel finished, although this time he almost sounded hesitant rather than annoyed.

"If it makes you feel better, I'm not who I'd have picked," Joshua replied, although that seemed to be the wrong thing to say. At least in regards to Gabriel, because it was his turn to get one of her stares of doom, which was something halfway between disappointment and sadness. Very painful, indeed. "But I was, so I'll do my best to use this for the sake of your faction, since it's… Well, yours. Just tell me what to do with this," he said, hoping that'd somehow make his partner stop.

Thankfully, it did, but when he turned around he was met with a beaming Raphael and a smiling Michael. Even Uriel looked almost pleased, which said a lot, at least from what Joshua knew of the Seraph so far. 'Not doing awful with the possible in-laws, I guess. I'll take that, even if I could do without… this thing,' he thought to himself, sighing and summoning the golden screen.

"So… Where do we start?" he asked and both Raphael and Michael traded a look before nodding and turning towards him.

What followed was a long, long process in which the Seraphs guided him through screens, asking him to translate as best he could. Not everything was in perfectly legible text. Sometimes, he'd go over a screen and instead of seeing text he'd get… impressions, ideas. Like someone was putting thoughts in his mind through text that he couldn't quite read so much as inherently understand.

It was a very strange thing to go through, but the angels didn't seem surprised. Michael looked downright vindicated when he tried to explain and Joshua got the distinct impression that those parts were the ones where his Moderator designation kind of fell short or something. It did slow them down, but none of them seemed to mind, discussing everything in depth, systemically dissecting every single thing Joshua read and explained.

It kind of reminded him of what he'd gone through when researching the Power of Might of the Balam family, actually.

That kind of study process was something he was familiar with, at least, so that helped ease him into things. Bit by bit, Joshua started getting more involved… in a sense. He didn't dare say much, but he listened to them speak, trying to learn as much as he could and asking questions when he didn't feel like Uriel would cut his head off for doing it.

"Do it," Michael urged at some point. "It's an isolated thing that Raphael and I set up just to see what you can do and how much you can do compared to me," he said as he presented a screen to Joshua. It was an inane rule of some sort that'd affect people reading a specific passage from… some text. Joshua didn't know the bible by heart and the rest of the texts and such he knew even less of. He was pretty sure there were others, at least, but maybe he should look into things before saying anything on the matter.

The point was that they wanted him to try and modify a specific part of the set up presented in the screen.

"Okay," he said, almost like a sigh as he stared at the screen. Eventually, he nodded, trying to interact with it the same way he'd interacted with his own system's screens – 'Are they connected?' – and… succeeding. "There… right?" he announced, leaning back a little.

"... Just like that, Michael," Raphael breathed out and the leader of Heaven seemed entranced by the screen.

"... I expected a difference, not… this…" the golden-winged Seraph said, before looking up from the screen and staring at Joshua rather intently with emotions he couldn't hope to understand. "We have much to test, Joshua. I hope you don't mind."

"Testing stuff is what I do every day. Far be it for me to stop someone else from doing it too," he replied and that might be a mistake because both Raphael and Michael got a slightly manic – and familiar, admittedly – look in their eyes. Off to the side, Uriel huffed, apparently getting comfortable in his own chair, while Gabriel giggled, amused.

Joshua got the distinct feeling that they were going to be there for a while.

As it turns out, he was right.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Testing, testing everywhere.

Joshua brings with him the scientific method, even if I'm too lazy and stupid to actually write down the more… science-y parts. My smooth brain can't be bothered to even try. What you guys see is almost the entirety of what I can do. I like to think that it keeps things simpler for people that aren't interested in an in-depth look at how things work. I know I'm one such person myself, and not because I'm too stupid to follow that kind of thing.

Well, not only because of that.

Either way, it's kind of funny how all the parts of this chapter align in that one common ground. I hadn't even noticed until I had to look through it while editing. I'm sure it'd have come out worse if I had tried funnily enough.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: When you think "magic item" what do you think of? I've been looking into potions for my dnd campaigns (which everyone is invited to, just throwing that out there, more info in my Discord), so that's what comes to mind, but I'm expecting a lot of "sword" answers, admittedly. If you are one of those and you can be bothered, what's the second thing that comes to mind when you think "magic item"?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 127 others
Adrian King
Feb 3, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 224 - I Can Feel Myself Coming Alive New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Feb 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,434
I Can Feel Myself Coming Alive

[Joshua Davis]

Considering all that was going on in his life, Joshua thought it was kind of… sad how side-lined his study of runes had been.

When he'd started, it had been the biggest thing in a while, or at least so it had felt. Certainly the thing that made him the most excited to do, rather than just another project that he needed to get done. In a way, that remained the case… It was just that life had decided to punish him for having fun, he supposed. Because right afterwards, everything had turned upside down and then twisted into a pretzel.

Crazy how life can change in less than two months…

"That's… a lot of progress…" Göndul commented, although she sounded odd while doing so.

All the same, Joshua couldn't help but be a little disappointed as he looked at the circle he'd just finished casting. Not with Myrddin circles but with the Nordic ones this time and it was… It wasn't perfect, admittedly, but that wasn't why he wasn't happy with it. He just felt like it wasn't as meaningful as it would have been if he weren't dealing with infinite magic and somehow having control of Heaven.

Joshua was a little miffed about that, admittedly.

Which he realized was a little… maybe entitled? It didn't feel like the word, but it fit a little. It made him feel bad to complain about those things, more the former than the latter. The former was definitely a boon, even if he'd probably need quite a while to get the hang of just… living with the changes he had to go through. The latter was a little more understandable, he felt, because Joshua was genuinely feeling like that was a weight added to him rather than anything remotely helpful.

Sure, he could think of a lot of things that he could tweak here and there that'd be really nice for him… but he couldn't do any of that. He didn't understand the System of Heaven, for as much as he had a skill related to it. He didn't know what a minimal change could do to the entire thing, much like how changing a single rune of the circle he'd just cast would turn the simple sound-proof ward into a truly random bomb.

"This is huge," Göndul commented, bringing him back to the present. When Joshua turned to look at her, she even seemed a little annoyed herself, but at him. It only took his socially challenged ass a few seconds to piece together why. She probably was having one of those moments when people thought he was impressive and he was downplaying that by not being excited, right?

In all honesty, it'd taken him months. He was pretty sure he was casting his first spell with the Myrddin circles in a lot less time than that, and without any magic knowledge to speak of. If anything, he was laughably slow… He had a feeling that saying that wouldn't be a good idea though.

Maybe being friends with so many politically inclined people was giving him some social skills.

Now that would be worth celebrating.

"Sorry, I've just… I have a lot in my mind," he commented, taking a deep breath in and trying to get his thoughts on straight. That task was made a little difficult when the Egyptians seemed so amused by his struggles. "Lots of things going on and I'm a little annoyed I haven't been able to give this the attention or even the emotional bandwidth I want," he explained with a sigh. "But I am happy with this, this is progress. Soon, I'll be able to start adding this to my casting and I'm definitely looking forward to this. I already have so many ideas on how to apply it together with the Myrddin circles in a way that'll make both sides that much better than they'd be alone."

He really did. What he was learning about the Balam Power of Might would go great with Runes and spells to boost someone's capabilities. He didn't even need to directly try to copy the power, really. Just applying some of the concepts it did, together with the spells Joshua was already using would very much improve the efficacy of the enhancement.

He couldn't wait to test that, really, since it'd be his first application of the Balam data.

"I already knew this, but you're crazy. You know that, right?" Göndul asked, shaking her head, and Joshua just shrugged in response. Wouldn't be the first time he was called that, nor would it be the last. He'd gotten used to it, at some point, or maybe he'd given up trying to truly wrap his head around it. Because he could understand it, on some level… it was just so strange, after most of his life was spent being below average and a mess.

'Sometimes it doesn't feel like that's the most of my life,' he thought idly. Because his old life really did feel like the one that was shorter, even though that had been about 90% of it. 'Maybe the right way to word it is that this life has been a lot more eventful,' he mused to himself.

"So people keep telling me," he replied with a wry smile. "Now, what's next on the list?" he asked, leaning back and looking at the circle he'd cast. It wasn't even perfect. There were places he could adjust, improve upon. He'd cast the roughest version of the spell he could, an unmodified one, basically, and that was just… no. It felt wrong, somehow. "I'm behind my own expectations and I'm suddenly feeling motivated to catch up," he added, tapping his fingers on the table and already scribbling some of his ideas on how to modify that particular circle.

It was all kinds of different from Myrddin ones, but that was the idea, he supposed.

"Terrifying," Göndul said, but she seemed to be grinning. "Joshua, I heard you have romantic partners…"

"Three of them, yeah," he replied, the non sequitur making him suddenly wary.

"You wouldn't happen to have space for my granddaughter, right? I promise she's not as much of a mess as she appears to be," Göndul commented, beaming at him, and he could only smile wryly at her.

"I think my partners would have a problem with that," he answered flatly.


[}-o-{]
​

"Thanks for having us over," Sirzechs said and Joshua almost felt like giving the man an unimpressed look. Alas, he was growing a little more aware that some formalities were necessary… which meant he only half-sighed. "Millicas has been looking forward to this for a while now," the Satan added, more casually, and Joshua very much appreciated that shift compared to before.

"Dad!"

"Honestly, so has Kunou," Joshua replied just as calmly.

"Dad!"

It was only fair that both children were teased, far as he was concerned. That way nobody felt truly insulted… or both would? He wasn't too clear on that, but the rest of the adults seemed to agree with him that it was amusing. Maybe it was a parent thing, the need to embarrass one's kid. Joshua definitely felt like he understood his parents a lot better, admittedly.

"Come on, I'll set up the flight course and you guys can get started with your fun," Joshua continued, and that seemed to take the wind out of the children's sails a little bit. "That way I can get back to my tea," he added wearily. He was technically on a break, but that was because he needed one. Between working on improving all the Project Silence versions, and getting used to using his now infinite reserves, and visiting Heaven to experiment with Michael and Raphael and learning Runes and teaching classes in House of Water and spending time with his family and his partners, and…

Joshua's days were getting busier and busier with no sign of easing up. He was getting a little concerned, in all honesty. If things continued the way they were going, he really would be overwhelmed with stuff. The good thing though, was that his House of Water duty could, technically, be dropped on Levi at any point. He was just buying time for the guy to get a better grasp of things. Getting used to his new magic situation was a temporary thing too.

Then there was the Heaven thing… which he really hoped would be over at some point rather than him getting stuck with it. Ideally, he'd be able to give Michael Administrator privileges so that he could do his thing. He was kind of surprised none of the angels had brought that up with him, actually. Maybe they were getting used to things too. He could understand that.

Maybe he'd bring it up during his next visit.

"And here-"

"I'm not going to set up the course exactly as you want it, Kunou. You're the least impartial person here," Joshua commented, brought back to the present as his daughter – again – tried to convince him to put obstacles and goals for the flying course where she wanted them. As if he were dumb enough not to realize that she was trying to give herself an advantage. It was cute to see her reaction when he did the opposite of what she said though… although he did cave once or twice.

Admittedly, the other kids were almost as petty, and he tried to listen to them in equal amounts with their suggestions. Well, most of them. Millicas was new to the whole thing, so Joshua had to try and make things fair for him on his own without input. He just hoped he hadn't unknowingly gone overboard in that regard.

"Well, I think that's that," he commented, clapping his hands and cracking his neck with a weary groan.

"Dibs," Morag said instantly from where she clung to his back, taking advantage of their bond to know precisely when he was going to make his announcement. The chain of pettiness continued, evidently, but Joshua could only do so much to stop it. The rest of the kids made a valiant effort to be just as quick, falling a little short and cursing quietly under their breath. Joshua pretended not to listen to them.

"So, it's Morag, Koneko, Millicas, Kunou and Ravel," he announced, running his fingers through his hair. He was pretty sure Ravel hadn't really cared for going first, but he wasn't going to point that out. It'd just make Kunou sad if she realized she should have been last. "Have fun, kids."

"... Not a kid," Koneko mumbled from beside him, but he just rolled his eyes at her and planted his hand on top of her head to ruffle her hair.

"You know where to get us if you need anything," Joshua commented, stepping away and feeling Morag jump off of him. Cheshire, for her part, followed after him while Friday immediately jumped to rambling about things, like how Nagini and Raynare were sparring in the training grounds, or how Kuroka was spying on Koneko without the younger nekoshou knowing, or how Valerie was trying out painting rather than drawing because she said it'd be more accurate to her vision.

Joshua was morbidly curious about how the soul-scarred girl would translate her scrambled thoughts into painting, if he were honest.

"Kids will be busy for a while?" Serafall asked when he came back and he grinned wearily. "Bet one of them will come to complain about fairness in about five minutes."

"Margalo stayed to watch, right? She'll keep the peace for at least ten minutes, I'm sure," Gabriel said as she brought her cup of tea.

"Optimistic, huh? I'm with Serafall, I have to say."

"Guess I'll even things out and say ten," Joshua commented with a chuckle as he sat down in between his partners. "What do you say?" he asked Sirzechs and Grayfia, who looked incredibly amused for some reason.

"Ten." "Five." they said, respectively, at the same time, which made it their turn to be amused.

"Perfectly balanced, as all things should be," Joshua replied, knowing that nobody would get the reference. Although, Serafall seemed to like that. Maybe the next character added to her show would be Thanos-inspired… Fun stuff. "Now, tea?" he offered with a smile.

Some quiet time with some friends and his partners sounded like the break he was kind of needing, Joshua would admit.


[}-o-{]
​

"It's fine to take inspiration in stuff that you see," he encouraged, waving his hand to make the blackboard illusion behind him change. "I do that all the time. Maybe you'll see someone else's magic, or maybe you'll come across an odd Sacred Gear or magical creature or maybe even another race. I've found inspiration in all sorts of places, personally. I wouldn't be a quarter of the magician I am if I'd stuck strictly to the magic branches that I've focused on," he lectured and he found himself thoroughly unimpressed by the skepticism that he saw in his students.

Joshua wasn't sure why he was surprised. Magicians were a weirdly hyperfocused bunch. Although, in a way, he kind of got it. They didn't have as easy a time delving into new things as he did. Least of all because they all seemed to struggle with their one main branch as it was. His advice still applied though and they better listen… or not.

Didn't change much for him if they refused.

So long as the Stars continued shining, the rest of the students could do whatever they wanted. It wasn't his job to make them succeed. He taught them, gave them the tools and then sent them on their way. What they did with his classes and what they learned was up to them.

"Just to be clear, I'm not telling you to learn another branch or something like that," he clarified, although he thought they probably should. Maybe if they expanded their horizons, they'd find things a little easier. While he didn't think it all came down to that, he imagined the lack of confidence and ingrained idea that magic was a struggle the whole way through set many of them back. His Stars, for one, were doing progressively better the more they developed their confidence… Levi notwithstanding. "But still, many branches have a lot of overlap. Even when they don't, some ideas and concepts can still be applied to spells… or you can innovate. I know, crazy," he said, as a joke, even though he knew for many of them it was truly crazy, the idea of coming up with something new.

Admittedly, it made some sense, when you were already struggling with the known stuff, but still…

It just sounded so boring and not at all effective.

"Now, with that tangent done, let's move on to what you should- Yes?" he asked, seeing someone with their hand up. Even more shocking, it wasn't one of his Stars.

Not that the rest of the class didn't sometimes have questions, but it only happened once or twice a class, if that, so it still came as a surprise when they did. For as much as he tried to have them engage in the class, Joshua had slowly but surely lost his will to push them. He had the Stars by then, contrary to when he started. So, he couldn't just not teach, but he could tailor his classes for them if the other students proved too uninterested or unwilling to truly put in effort and show some determination.

They seemed to realize too, because they seemed to at least try to push for his classes to remain somewhat general oriented. Admittedly, Joshua had a feeling that him bringing up the topic with the Stars had something to do with that. Maybe they'd proceeded to tell the rest of the classes that fact so that they knew how things would go if they remained passive? Maybe he'd check, because he'd even count that as a favor to him, really.

Joshua liked teaching, but only when his students were engaged, showing interest. He'd rather stay home tinkering if all he was going to do was talk to the walls in a silent room.

"This is… unrelated to the class, sir. So… if you'd rather not answer…" The woman commented, shifting nervously where she sat. Joshua, for his part, raised a curious eyebrow before urging her to continue with a wave of his hand. "Did something happen with the… um, Stars?"

"Oh, that. You must be a good sensor," he commented with a half-smile that widened when she blushed. He saw one or two other students perk up, apparently having been able to sense that too. Maybe they'd bring up that talent during classes more often now that he'd acknowledged that as a point in their favor… of a sort. "And yes, something did happen. You might know that I've been a representative of the Egyptian pantheon for a while now. Well, the Stars are now officially my representatives, on top of my apprentices. The Egyptians are now giving them a fraction of the support they give me to show that," he explained freely.

Because if they were acknowledged in their roles, it'd make the whole "spread word and gain notoriety" thing easier, he imagined.

Joshua found it a little amusing though, how all of them straightened on their seats. He did feel like he was throwing them off the deep end a little, but there was no use just… waiting things out other than maybe letting them get used to their blessings… But fuck that. House of Water was spoiling them to no end, Ravel had reassured him. So, there shouldn't be too many issues in regards to danger or what not.

Besides, if people were already noticing in class, someone was bound to notice once they started going back on jobs outside the association anyway… So, there was really not that much of a point in keeping things quiet. Maybe he'd throw them a bone or two though, arrange for some specific jobs and other things with Agnes and Ravel.

Yeah, that sounded good.


[}-o-{]
​

[Navya Kumar]

Everything had been going fine.

One moment, they were preparing things for yet another project that was probably going to end in failure. To further add to that calm, they were better hidden than most of the previous bases, if only out of necessity. There were only so many members in their organization and the persistent hunting of the alliance of factions towards Khaos had driven them to… better secure their bases.

There were a number of drawbacks to what they had to do to stay under the radar, but Navya imagined all of them were worth it for the sake of… not dying. Way too many bases had fallen, raided and destroyed by the alliance, before they decided to start being smart about it. Personally, she'd have seriously considered making a run for it if not for that, damn whatever that Lucifer devil promised with his knock-off Sephiroth Graal.

No amount of improvements on their weak human bodies was worth facing the Ultimate Female Devil, the Strongest Woman of Heaven, the Violence of Heaven or, god forbid, the Domain Authority. Because one would just freeze you, the other would just burn you and the third would just punch you. Joshua Davis, however… Navya didn't know how information had gotten out about what he did with those he caught, but the fact was that it had and she wanted absolutely nothing to do with the man's mad magic experiments.

No wonder the lawful and "lawful" associations were falling over themselves to get on his good graces.

Just the things he came up with were crazy, but the fact that he could pull some of them off was crazier.

"Almost ready," Dominick said, his heavily accented voice – not that she was one to talk – carrying over from the other side of the circle on the floor. "Only two more pieces, two more circles and we can try this," the man added, standing up and cracking his back with a groan. "Will it work though?"

"Probably not," Navya said and the two shared a moment of commiseration, because… Really, what did that devil expect them to do, pull off a miracle? He'd destroyed a soul and a Sacred Gear and he expected them to just… find a way to fix that? Navya wasn't sure that kind of madness had been pulled off ever. How were they supposed to find a solution to something that had never happened?

Did he think they were The Professor?

"Still gotta-" Navya continued before being interrupted.

And she was interrupted very abruptly. In one moment, everything was business as usual. The next, Navya felt like someone had closed an iron maiden around her, like she couldn't move and barely could breath. In front of her, Dominick stiffened, probably feeling the same thing. She almost went to try and ask a question, she wasn't sure which of the hundred that had popped in her mind in an instant, but she didn't get to so much as open her mouth.

Why?

Because another spell fell around them, this time feeling like a school of piranhas had been dropped inside the iron maiden with her, ravenously eating away at her magic. That was far from it all, however, oh no. Another second and she felt more and more spells follow up after those two. She heard screams of different kinds from far away, but she could barely move, frozen in panic. Dominick stumbled trying to reach the door to the room they were in, but he struggled to even open it.

"Have to get away…" she heard him mumble and that seemed to give her enough strength to take some tentative steps forward too. It was all for nothing though, at least in Dominick's case. As soon as he opened the door, he let out a strangled sound followed by a desperate: "No, n-!"

And then he dropped like a sack of potatoes.

Navya had only a second to wonder what had happened there before she heard a heavy, ominous sound. It made her think of something being dragged on the floor… and then the hissing of a snake. 'Nagini,' her mind conjured up. It tracked. Overwhelming magical might the likes of which she couldn't fathom, fast and strong. And now, a gigantic serpent – she confirmed that when the creature peeked inside the room – that could just… kill like that?

It was him.

He'd found them.

How…?

They were supposed to be hidden!

"What do we have here?" a new voice said, receiving hissing – was that a laugh? – from the snake. Then a fallen angel floated in, four-winged and with purple flames. That had to be Raynare, the pet Fallen… the executioner. Because if Davis himself didn't destroy you in an experiment, and if his familiars didn't hunt you down, then there were three others you could encounter. The Maiden, the Trickster and the Executioner. Jeanne Davis, Kuroka the Nekoshou and Raynare the Fallen. "Oh… Joshua's definitely going to want to see this," the latter of those three commented, not looking at Navya but at the room behind her, at the circle, the ritual, they had been working on.

Then she seemed to notice Dominick on the ground.

"Shouldn't have killed that one. Joshua will want answers," the Fallen commented, sounding amused. The snake hissed some more, looking away from Navya, Dominick's corpse and, most importantly, Raynare. "Now you though… you will have answers for Joshua, I'm sure," the Executioner commented, floating up to Navya's face and staring intently into her eyes with her purple irises, matching the flames around her hands, the ones she used to threaten Navya. "Won't you?"

"Y-yes," she stammered, trying to lean away but finding herself frozen in place out of sheer fear… and too weak to fight that with her magic rapidly taken away. "Of c-course."

"Good girl," the fallen said mockingly. "Be helpful and maybe you'll go up in flames rather than one of Joshua's little tests. Believe me, you'll prefer that. Might even survive, if you know enough to need to be taken with us."

Navya dearly hoped that ritual was good enough to warrant that. She hoped that with all her being, more than when a blessing of Sephiroth Graal had been promised as payment. She needed that spell to be good for something and it wasn't even related to the effect it'd have when cast. No, she needed it to be good enough to be interesting for a mad magician.

"That's the look you should have," the Executioner commented. "It means you're smart."


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Fairly chill chapter, huh? Well, for everyone but Navya. Who cares about her though? Shouldn't have joined the losing side if she didn't want to experience untold horrors if you ask me.

Beyond that, nothing much to say. Setting up a thing here and there, some slice of life because it's always nice. The usual, really, and I'm happy with that.

I hope you agree and that you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What did you do in your last vacation? I went on a trip with my parents that involved entirely too much walking and I somehow managed to outeat whatever weight I might have lost, coming back rounder than ever. Because even when on a vacation, I end up suffering.

See you.
Last edited: Feb 11, 2026
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 142 others
Adrian King
Feb 10, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 225 - It Is the Price You’d Have to Pay New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Feb 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,445
It Is the Price You'd Have to Pay

[Joshua Davis]

"This is… something," he commented as he walked around the room that Raynare had pointed him towards.

He'd sent everyone away to continue the raid though, so he was mostly just talking to himself. The terrified and more or less magically bound magician in the corner of the room didn't count, really. She was just there to wait until he had questions for her. Which he did, he had a lot, but he was waiting until he'd gotten a proper look around the place and at the circles her partner and her had been working on.

Which were…

Very interesting.

There were a bunch of different schools being applied too, which was most of what caught his attention. Magicians didn't usually mix branches like that, he'd know. It was about half the reason why people thought he was a freak of magic.

Speaking of branches, he recognized some of those, even if he couldn't pinpoint the exact spells. In others, he recognized some of the circle parts for their functionality, but not the branches. And some, he recognized both. Admittedly, some were a complete mystery to him too. Much of it was relating to soul stuff though, from what he could see. It was easy to pick up, since he was working on that area a lot to deal with the Valerie situation… amongst other things.

"What's your magic branch?" he asked, to start things off. He didn't take his eyes off the circles though, but he did catch the occasional scream or noise coming from outside. His team had it handled though, and if they didn't, there were about a dozen spells that would notify him.

"Binding Magic," was the heavily accented answer he got and he nodded. He'd heard about it. Mainly because it was very similar to Dion's Coven Magic. Where his student's worked to boost one spell cast by another magician, this one was more of a cooperative effort, taking two spells and connecting them for a variety of effects depending on the spells bound and the Binding spell used. Very complex branch, as he understood it. That was about as far as his knowledge went though, because he had never actually met a Binding Magic user.

With that single piece of information though, Joshua could find where the Binding magic was in the entire array displayed in front of him. Several of the circle parts that he'd found familiar suddenly made sense, since he'd seen them in Dion's spells before. That was another puzzle piece to add to the picture he was putting together.

"What were you trying to accomplish here?" he asked. Because he'd seen a lot of circle rooms in his raids, but none of them were even close to this one. It reminded him of his array rooms, actually. Much smaller, to be sure, but fascinatingly similar, considering how rare such a thing was.

"Lucifer," the woman said and she immediately had his full attention. As he locked eyes with her black ones, he saw her gulp. "He wants something to… fix Sephiroth Graal," she explained and he found himself very pleased to know that his guess was right. Something had gone wrong with the extraction of Valerie's Sacred Gear. Was that canon? Or had his efforts caused that? How "broken" was the Sacred Gear? "Promised to… boost us," the magician continued and it was then that Joshua realized that she wasn't trying to emphasize words. She was looking for the words.

Someone didn't know as much English as he'd thought.

That was inconvenient. The Translation Spell was one that he'd never bothered trying to learn, since it was an overcomplicated mess that required way too much time and precision. However, another reason why he hadn't bothered was because it was an issue easily solved. He did have a reincarnated devil in his team, after all.

"Kuroka, come here," he called, running his fingers through his hair and preparing himself for the woman's-

"Of course~ What can I do for you, Joshua?" the Nekoshou asked, dashing through the base towards where he was fairly quick. "Oh wow. A toy? You didn't have to~"

There it was, her… Kuroka-ness.

"Focus, would you?" he asked, rolling his eyes. "You can play after I've gotten what I want," he added, although the intimidation attempt might have been unnecessary. The magician was properly terrified already, really. Had been since before he stepped in.

He liked bullying Khaos members though. Sue him.

"I need you to be a translator. She doesn't know English well enough," he said and the devil blinked at him before turning towards the woman and saying something in… He wasn't sure what language that was, actually. Not one of those he'd delved into though, sadly.

After the woman said something hurriedly, Kuroka turned back towards him.

"What do you need to know?" the Nekoshou asked, sounding way too excited. Joshua couldn't bring himself to care overly much for her eagerness or what it might mean for the poor magician.

"What this array is for. Failing that, what her part in it was. Everything else she can tell me about the entire thing would be appreciated… and if we need to spare someone else that might be able to tell us more," he added, realizing a little late that he should have started with that.

Well, if he couldn't get the answers he wanted from the woman, or some of the few people still alive outside, then Joshua would just have to enlist Agnes and Elizabeth. Maybe Levi while he was at it, if only because the guy would be very enthusiastic too and might be able to find something in books, especially with Thoth helping him out.

It was nice to have people ready to help out, Joshua mused idly as he looked back at the circles. Kuroka, for her part, seemed to be having fun interrogating the woman, who was speaking rather hurriedly. She also seemed very… motivated, but that might have to do with whatever Kuroka was doing with her senjutsu and youjutsu. Joshua found himself curious about that too, but he'd long since realized that it was better if he learned to prioritize what his mind worked on.

As it was, he had an array to investigate, apparently.


[}-o-{]
​

In the end, regardless of what the woman said or how sure Kuroka was that she was telling the truth, Joshua needed to verify.

There were a number of ways in which he could be getting screwed over without the magician lying. Those were the ones he could think off the top of his head too, which meant there were probably just as many, if not more, that he was unaware of. Thus, the woman – Navya, as he came to learn – was thrown into the dungeons with the rest of the Khaos prisoners… which reminded him that Grendel was there. He had way too many things to do…

On the topic at hand though, the fact of the matter was that he needed to play things safe.

So, once everything was over and he took everything that he could from the base, he called House of Water and got them working on looking at the array. He made triple sure to instill in Agnes the seriousness of the task and that nothing was to reach the world at large. Because he was not in the mood of giving some crazy bastard ideas inspired by Khaos madness. Or worse, give Khaos some kind of knowledge just from his research into what they were doing… or give them any clues that he knew what they were up to.

That was bound to slow things down quite a bit, but slow was better than no progress.

Joshua was almost positive that what they'd found was something useful. If not to combat Khaos Brigade, then to help him know what the situation was. If they could put together specifically what the array was supposed to do to "fix" Sephiroth Graal, then they could know how Rizevim had fucked up the Sacred Gear. That could help them know how much time they might have, on top of other stuff that might prove helpful in their efforts.

"Anything you want, just say the word, Aika," he commented and he wasn't even exaggerating. Finding that base had been a headache. They knew the general location of the place, but Khaos had been hiding their bases much better those days. Now they knew why too, but that was neither here nor there. The point was that he'd decided then and there that, on top of what she was already doing, he was going to cultivate Aika in the hopes of maybe having her help them find complicated bases..

"Well, there's only so much that Issei and I can do in Kuoh for dates, so…"

"Anywhere in the world, Aika. Say the word and you're there," he replied, grinning widely. That was a dirt cheap price to pay for the location of some Khaos Brigade bases, even if it was all theoretical at the moment. He had a feeling that she was underselling things on purpose too, but if that's what she wanted… He'd leave the rest of the payment for some other time, probably. "Keep this up and I'll pay for all of your dates for the rest of your life, kid," he added, making the girl beam at him as he shook his head. He just hoped he wouldn't have to be privy to the content of said dates if that became true though, because with two perverts of the caliber of Issei and Aika… "Speaking of," he commented, deciding to keep his mind out of such scarring thoughts.

"I know, I know," Aika said, and he could tell she was nervous as she turned towards Valerie. It was her first time actually seeing the dhampir and she'd grown very self-conscious after seeing the state of the girl. Not that Joshua blamed her, he had been put off by that more than once already too. No offense to Valerie, of course.

All the offense went to fucking Rizevim Lucifer.

"I have several spells," she mumbled, squaring her shoulders and pulling out a big notebook that looked like it was probably used by artists to draw. That was a smart idea. The bigger surface meant it'd be easier to draw circles, especially if they were complicated. "I hope you don't mind sitting there for a bit, Valerie."

"She speaks funny," Valerie replied with a giggle, because she didn't know Japanese, obviously, and Aika's English was a work in progress. They could still communicate well enough. "And I don't mind, I have snacks," she replied happily, looking to the world like everything was fine… Except she was always like that those days. Always like a little girl, innocent and happy with everything. Admittedly, her acting like she was half her age or less wasn't the worst, but it was jarring for the outside viewer, especially when they knew what'd happened to her and why she was as she was.

"Right…" Aika mumbled, glancing his way. In turn, Joshua gave her a sad smile.

"We're going to help her, the both of us," he reassured.

"You're both nice," Valerie chimed in at that moment and that seemed to lit a fire inside Aika, because she nodded and focused. Then, above her head, a pitchblack eye formed out of both magic and divinity as Irer pushed through to help Aika with her task. "Oooh, fancy!" the dhampir cheered, eyes wide and impressed.

They didn't find out much that day, but progress was being made.

That was as much as they could ask for.


[}-o-{]
​

"I have to say," he commented, running his fingers through his hair nervously. "I didn't expect this, although I should have."

"Believe me," Sairaorg said wryly. "I didn't expect this either," he added, looking tense. Joshua wasn't sure if he seemed more likely to punch someone or bolt, quite honestly. "He's been… borderline nice, lately. I think he's happy I have you as an ally, probably. And he's fond of my mother, apparently."

"Zekram strikes me as a complicated guy," Joshua replied. While it was nice to meet with Sairaorg for something other than training, he couldn't say being summoned by the Great King filled him with warm feelings, at all. At least he was fairly sure that he wasn't going to have to fight the guy, which he was wary about doing.

Zekram Bael probably wasn't taking too kindly to him asking for devil bloodlines to dissect. That was Joshua's best guess, at the very least. Admittedly, he really should have expected something of the sort to happen. He'd just assumed Sirzechs and Serafall would deal with the issues themselves instead of him getting the call. Alas, he wasn't that lucky.

Interestingly though, the man hadn't gone through the Satans, which was the confusing part.

Not even the Great King could go over the Satans like that when it came to a foreign figure, which was the case with him. Well, he could, but not easily and not without bringing heat to himself unnecessarily. Joshua couldn't imagine the man wanting to deal with the mess that'd follow if he did when Joshua was facing plenty of trouble as it was. Balam remained still the only one that'd let him get a proper look at their power, after all.

Well, there were Beelzebub and Leviathan, but the Satan descendants were being troublesome about letting him see their powers even with the threat of more experiments and the promise of less painful ones.

Understandable, but annoying.

"You don't know the half of it," Sairaorg commented bitterly. No lost love there, apparently. Not that Joshua blamed him, at all. He knew a thing or two about complicated family relationships, even if he hadn't dealt with nearly as much bullshit as his friend had. "I still can't believe we're allowed to live here," he added. That time, his feelings on the matter seemed a lot more mixed and undecipherable.

Not that Joshua was surprised at all. It had to be at least a little awkward to be living back in your old home. The home from where you'd been kicked out because you were "defective" or some such bullshit. Joshua did not, at all, envy Sairaorg having to deal with the whole mess. He'd offered to help, of course, but… there wasn't much he could do, sadly.

Still though…

"You know you can call me if I can do anything to help, right?" he asked, getting a much more relaxed chuckle out of his friend. He considered that a small victory in itself, even if it was far from all that he wanted to be able to do. Sometimes, not even all the magic in the world could help with certain problems. Literally at that.

"I know, but this is my issue to deal with," Sairaorg told him, standing a little straighter. This time though, he looked less tense and more… determined. "With that said… here we are," his friend added as they finally reached a ridiculously big and ostentatious door. "Be careful, Joshua," Sairaorg gave as a final warning and he nodded. Then his friend opened the door and gestured for him to walk in.

"Zekram," he greeted. Once, his manners might have been that bad just to be petty. As it was, he was doing it for reasons other than that… and to be petty. Most of it was just to let the devil know that no, he wasn't about to roll over for him just because he was strong and important and what not.

"Davis," the devil replied, probably with a similar idea in mind. It was well known that Joshua preferred to be called by his first name. His surname didn't bother him as much anymore, didn't bring up pain quite as much as it did once, but his reputation had been marked by that. "Thanks for coming so quickly."

'Not like I had much of a choice,' he thought to himself. One didn't just ignore the Great King, no matter how little one cared for politics. That was just inviting trouble and just as Zekram wasn't likely to have done this to cause too many issues for him, Joshua wasn't going to do the same with the man…

Much.

"How could I not?" was the more sensible answer he gave and he thought Ravel and his partners would have been proud of him at that moment. Maybe all those lessons and lectures had been worth something in the end… and all the advice he got before going to the meeting too, obviously. "Now, I'm sure you're a busy man, Zekram."

"Not as busy as you, apparently," the devil replied, not at all bothered by Joshua's desire to not beat around the bush. A rarity amongst politicians, truly, but he wasn't going to complain. "Devil bloodlines, huh? What you did to the Phenex wasn't enough?"

"Believe it or not, Zekram, I'm not trying to antagonize your faction, at all," he answered, rolling his eyes. Interestingly though, he didn't think Zekram looked as bothered as his words would have one believe. He'd almost asked that… curiously. "I'm happy to leave you guys alone, maybe help if I can. I think I've made that clear in the past."

"You did," Zekram admitted and Joshua was happy not to have to repeat the conversation he'd had with the man back when he'd made his Phoenix Spell. A dance of threats with the Great King didn't interest him at all. He was weird like that. "Believe it or not, Davis, I'm not trying to antagonize you either," he added, throwing his words back at him.

Joshua raised an eyebrow at that, urging the devil to elaborate. He wasn't going to apologize for assuming what was perfectly normal to assume. Serafall – after ranting about Zekram for ignoring her and her position – had assumed as much too, and so had everyone they'd asked. Zekram's reputation was as great as his title said, but good? That, it was not.

"No need to look so doubtful," the devil said with a chuckle as he leaned back on his chair behind the desk. Almost wanting to sigh, Joshua walked further in and took a seat across from the man. It seemed the conversation wasn't going to be over too quickly. "Good, good, make yourself at home," Zekram told him, and he sounded borderline friendly.

Weird.

"Now, I called you here because of your efforts, yes, but not to stop them," the Great King informed him and he hadn't seen that coming before walking into the room, but the conversation was shaping itself strangely enough that Joshua wasn't too surprised to hear that. "In fact, depending on what you say… I'll help you."

That was surprising.

However…

"Then… What is it you want, Zekram?" he asked bluntly, if a little weary. Because a man such as that wasn't going to help out of the goodness of his heart. No, he had to have something to win out of the entire thing. So, he'd rather get that out in the open and be done with it, if at all possible.

"You want to study devil Powers," the Great King said and his smile turned into something decidedly less nice than it'd been a second before. "You've informed everyone that you won't, and I quote, "replicate them". Am I correct?" the devil asked, but he didn't wait for an answer. "Won't, not can't. So, the Phenex thing wasn't just a fluke, a one time thing, or a product of you copying the Phoenix Tears rather than their Power of Life."

"... I did copy the Phoenix Tears," he replied, but he didn't bother arguing the accusations the devil made anyway. It'd be an insult to Zekram's intelligence to try and deny that, truly. And Joshua didn't have enough fucks to give either, truly. He'd come in at least willing to try and be polite with the man, after the greeting that is. However, the strange conversation and the man's presence alone had quickly worn down whatever will he had to humor politics.

He'd tried though, and that's the story he'd stick with when he went back home.

"Good," Zekram said, and Joshua had a feeling that the man was having fun surprising him. His smile seemed to communicate as much, at least. "Because I need you to replicate a Power," the man told him and he could only blink. "More importantly, I need you to replicate the Power of Destruction."

Joshua narrowed his eyes then, pulling on all his magic and life sensing in order to try and see if this was a fake Zekram somehow. Was someone impersonating the Great King? Bold move, admittedly. Borderline suicidal, but Joshua could respect the guts, if nothing else.

"So, where's the real Zekram?" he asking, tilting his head.

To that, the devil across him laughed, loudly and heartily.

"I guess I can't blame you for that, but it's really me," Zekram – he still had his doubts, truly – answered with a shake of his head. "Maybe I didn't express myself well enough. I want you to give someone the Power of Destruction," the devil said and Joshua processed that for a moment.

For good measure, the man summoned Power of Destruction to his hand and raised an eyebrow at Joshua.

Well, color him surprised.

"Sairaorg," he guessed, a puzzle taking form in his head. "You want to make him heir, but he needs the Power of Destruction, according to you. So you want me to give him the bloodline."

"Good to see the rumors regarding your brilliant mind aren't exaggerated. I had my doubts for a second," the Great King said and maybe he was really the actual Zekram. He'd have thought hell had frozen over, but it was actually quite a nice day there. "Magdaran did well enough, but he's no heir. Sairaorg, on the other hand? He's good… if only we could fix the unfortunate circumstances, that is."

Joshua refrained from saying one of the ten or so things that came to his mind. Like how his requirements for an heir were complete bullshit. His partners and Ravel should be happy with that. They might even forgive all the other mistakes – purposeful and not – that he'd made.

Much more sensibly, he could have just pointed out how he could make Sairaorg heir without the Power of Destruction. He didn't think the devil would care much for that "option", admittedly. Zekram was more likely to say something that'd make him mad if he did, if anything. So, he didn't bother.

Instead, he leaned back and considered the man in front of him.

"So… if I can give Sairaorg the Power of Destruction, you'll help me with the other Pillar Powers?" he asked, speaking slowly as he processed the new situation that'd been presented to him.

"I can offer you access to two immediately and more with a bit of time and the help of your… partner," Zekram answered easily. He'd probably wanted to call Serafall something else, but refrained. Joshua imagined he'd said it like that purposefully so that he'd pick up on it. No way he didn't, considering the man had been alive and politicking for longer than Joshua could be bothered to guess. "Rather simple, is it not?" the man asked then, smiling.

He looked way too pleased with himself, and it didn't sit well with Joshua.

He considered the offer all the same, however. The more he did, the better it sounded. He'd basically be paid for doing what he'd been prepared to pay to do himself. It was an offer that was too good to be true, which was why he had such a hard time believing it. And yet, it seemed to be genuine and he could even understand where Zekram could be interested in it himself.

And yet, as he went to open his mouth, he found himself wryly amused by the feeling that he had.

The feeling of making a deal with the devil.

Which was appropriate, because that's literally what was happening.

"Okay," he said, almost sighing. "Let's discuss this."

Joshua did not like the smile Zekram gave him.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, wrapped up what happened last chapter. Then we have a continuation to the Valerie arc and… Well, characters being characters again. I was fully prepared to write more trouble coming from Zekram, but he decided he didn't want to be an asshole, for some reason.

I'm kind of channeling Joshua over here and wondering if I'm missing something there or what.

Writing Zekram this chapter was weird.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What's the first magical creature that comes to your mind? Elementals are it for me. I was tinkering some original ones for a campaign yesterday and I'm quite proud of them (although, not sure if they are actually good, but oh well, I'll find out when I use them).

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 129 others
Adrian King
Feb 17, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 226 - Look at Me Now New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Feb 24, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,451
Look at Me Now

"Yeah, that tracks," Sairaorg commented, sighing as he drank wine across from him. Surprisingly fancy of his friend, in his opinion. Joshua, for his part, was happy with his can of beer courtesy of Nephthys. "And I empathize with what you said. Seeing him do nice stuff is… strange."

"Good to know it wasn't just me," he replied with a wry smile as he took another gulp of his drink. It was great that the goddess would refill it instantly all the time, but Joshau almost worried about what it'd mean for him if he were in any way normal. As it was, getting drunk was hard, considering his stats and skills. He didn't miss that, honestly.

He kind of needed his mind in top condition at all times, after all.

"So… what do you think?" Joshua asked then, looking at his friend. Perhaps predictably, Sairaorg didn't look too sure about what he thought. He was looking away towards where his peerage and Jeanne were training. His sister had decided to tag along when she heard, eager for an excuse to visit her devil friends. "I haven't confirmed anything to him, but…"

"But you need to," his friend finished for him and he nodded. Joshua probably didn't have to explain that Zekram wasn't someone to keep waiting. Furthermore, giving a negative answer to the offer likely wasn't going to end well for him. The man could make his efforts to look into devil bloodlines more difficult than they already were. However, he'd happily tell the guy to stuff it if Sairaorg said so.

The guy was a close friend, even if he was too busy to really show it those days.

The bloodline projects weren't that important at the moment, anyway. They were more like a shot in the dark. They might give him ideas that were useful, but they could do nothing for him too, far as he knew. If worse came to worse, he'd just have to clash with Zekram. He didn't want to, and Serafall would not be happy about it, but he definitely could do it if he needed to down the line. Besides, the woman would likely appreciate the Bael being gone once everything was said and done. God knew he'd heard her complain about him enough already.

The man was strong in a number of ways, but Joshua was no longer that nobody magician he'd once been.

"You know what, I'll make him wait anyway," Joshua decided, drawing a surprised look from Sairaorg. He decided that after a few too many seconds of indecision from his friend. Obviously, he needed to sort his thoughts on the matter, and Joshua wasn't about to put pressure on him. "He sprung this on me out of nowhere. He can play to my tune a little bit if he wants to work with me," he said as an explanation.

Either Sairaorg was more perceptive than he thought or he was a worse actor than he thought, because the guy almost immediately gave him a grateful look.

"Take your time to think it over, yeah?" he asked, giving his friend a shrug and a smile to show that it was no bother. Then he took another gulp of his drink and turned towards the training group of devils plus his sister. "You're doing great for yourself though, I have to say."

"... Doing well in the tournament was good for us… for me. That's why he wants this, I gather," Sairaorg said with a wry smile of his own.

'So much for switching subjects,' Joshua thought to himself. Although, to be fair, his friend had probably circled back on purpose, he supposed. He could be stubborn like that sometimes. Not that Joshua was one to talk, but still.

"It's weird," the devil commented idly, looking as if he were half-speaking to himself. His eyes unfocused like they were seeing something else other than what was in front of him. "Once, I'd have given everything to have the Power of Destruction. Now though… it feels strange to have the possibility after I got over it, after I learned to live with myself. And yet… that part of me wants to say yes, even though…"

As Joshua expected, complicated feelings on the matter. He wondered if that was for Sairaorg anything like how he felt about some of his skills and perks. They were, after all, things that he was pretty sure he couldn't have had access to without the system. Some of them, like magic and such, he'd have gotten anyway, but there were others that he definitely wouldn't have. And sometimes he felt like it cheapened him, like he hadn't earned that stuff, like it wasn't him… if that made any sense.

"... Do it," Sairaorg seemed to decide and he seemed to see Joshua's next words coming, because he sat straighter, his eyes suddenly determined. "Do it," he repeated, much more sure than before. "Having the Power of Destruction won't take away from me all the strength I earned on my own. It'll just give me something that I'd have had, in an ideal world… and it'll make me better than I'd have been, either way."

"If you're sure," he commented idly. In the privacy of his mind, Joshua envied that certainty his friend had. He wished he were as sure about things in his side.

"In a way, it's not different from the strength I got under your spells, isn't it?" Sairaorg commented, but Joshua got the impression that he was trying to convince himself, or at least a part of himself. "A little more drastic, yes," he admitted a moment later. "But it's still the same… and this way, I'll have more say in many matters, and I can help a friend. It's all wins, far as I can see," Sairaorg commented and Joshua couldn't help but smile.

He really had lucked out finding that particular devil way back when.

"Remind me to do something nice for you."

"Don't," Sairaorg replied with a laugh. "I think this can count as me paying back some of what you've done for me. Really, don't," he added and Joshua shook his head and after a moment, he raised his can of beer, with Sairaorg mimicking the motion with his glass.

Joshua really had friends that were too good for him.


[}-o-{]
​

[Shalba Beelzebub]

"We can't continue like this," Katerea whispered to him.

He wanted to tell her not to be weak. He wanted to tell her to stand proud, as they should. They were descendants of the original Satans. The blood of those legendary devils flowed through their veins. They even had the bloodlines that had helped them be as great as they'd been. They were strong, resilient.

And yet, Shalba knew that she was right.

They couldn't continue as they were.

"What can we do?" he asked, and therein lied the issue, didn't it? Because as they heard Grendel, the Evil Dragon himself, wail inside his own cell, they knew that they stood no chance. No amount of pride would make them deny reality that hard. At least, not for as long as they'd been there.

Davis had made sure that reality was as clear for them as he could possibly make it.

Very painfully at that.

Once, Shalba might have considered that thought pathetic. He still kind of did. However, with Cao Cao living his days like a walking corpse right beside them, it put some things into perspective. Because the man might have survived the extraction of his Sacred Gear, and he even seemed to have done so intact… but his mind? His mind hadn't recovered and he rather doubted it ever would.

He'd lost all that spirit he'd displayed while they were in Khaos Brigade. Once, he'd been prouder than them. Once, he'd had a reason to be too, Shalba would reluctantly admit in the privacy of his own mind. However, that was no longer the case. Cao Cao was only but a pitiful husk, an empty shell, of his former self. Davis might not have taken his soul, but he'd taken something almost as important, his will.

And he'd done that accidentally, which only made it worse.

"We could…" Katerea said, trailing off as a particularly loud and painful roar escaped Grendel. "We could do what he wants…"

"Offer him our bloodlines?" he hissed and the woman flinched and looked away. She meant that, she really did. "What separates us from the rabble? You want to give away what we've been fighting to have others recognize?"

And damn it all to the nine hells, why did that sound tempting?

"... Yes," Katerea said pitifully. "If we don't do something, we'll die here, Shalba," she told him and it was his turn to flinch. Because what could he say to that? There was no lying to himself, no matter how much he wanted to. "Either way, our bloodlines are done for," she added and how the hell had things come to that? "Either we die and our bloodlines are done… or we live and our bloodlines are done."

"Potentially live," he pointed out, but that hardly seemed to matter for the woman.

"... I'll do it," she decided then and he saw the decision solidify in her eyes. She really would do it. And seeing that made the last dregs of his stubborn pride crumble all the more. Because then he'd be alone, wouldn't he? Alone with Davis and his mad experiments, maybe for the remainder of his nigh immortal life. Or maybe until the man finally killed him for the sake of data.

And Shalba, he didn't know what to do.

That is, until the minutes passed – or maybe it was an hour? – and Davis turned towards them. He seemed to be half considering whatever he might have picked up from his "session" with Grendel. Behind him, they couldn't see the dragon, but there were still pained groans and gasps coming from his cell. Credit where credit was due, Shalba would have been whimpering and he knew it.

He probably would too, shortly.

"So-" Davis started, but that was as far as he got.

"I'll do it," Katerea said immediately, as if afraid the man would get started before she could. Or maybe she was eager to get it over with, before she changed her mind. "I'll let you analyze my bloodline," she added, trying to appear at least somewhat dignified. She failed though, but Shalba would commend the attempt either way.

"Well, that's rather… helpful of you," Davis replied, almost sounding disinterested. He did wear the smallest of smiles, but it grated on Shalba that he wasn't more… That his reaction was so lackluster. Katerea was right there, throwing away her pride, whatever might be left of it, and the man was just… That was it?

That's what their power amounted to in his eyes?

"I'm happy to hear that." Not happy enough, not by a long shot, but Shalba wasn't dumb enough to say that. "We can get started right away then. I can't wait to see what the Sea Serpent of the End has to offer," he said, but there was a tinge of mockery there that made Katerea wince.

So he knew, he knew that her bloodline… It was faulty, incomplete. His fellow descendant had only inherited a partial version of the Sea Serpent of the End. The much more impressive control of waters, the true Power of Seas… It wasn't available to her.

"Whenever you're ready," Davis said then, walking until he was standing right in front of Katerea's cell. "Just use it for whatever, we can get more into detail once I've gotten a good look at it," he added and, after a second, Shalba saw whatever was left of Katerea's resistance finish giving in as she started using her Power.

And he was left in his cell, realizing that he was going to follow her. Maybe as soon as she and Davis were done with that bout of experimentation. Or maybe one of the following days. He'd be rather proud of himself if he held on for months, but he doubted he'd manage. No, Shalba knew…

He was going to crumble.

And that made it all the more painful to sit there, waiting for the inevitable.


[}-o-{]
​

[Serafall Leviathan]

"If you really can give people devil bloodlines by the end of this…" she said, trailing off as she tried to process the implications. As the devil in charge of Internal Affairs, Sirzechs was the one that'd have a true idea of the scope of that. Serafall was kind of looking forward to how the man would react if he was told they could get back the true Beelzebub and Leviathan bloodlines.

To make that even more unbelievable, she was kind of underplaying things by saying "if". With Joshua, anything he set his mind to do was a matter of "when" rather than "if". It was as frightening as it was awe-inspiring, she'd admit. Realizing that the concept of impossibility might not apply to the man she was in a relationship with was… something.

"I gotta get there first, but maybe you guys can start preparing for that, I guess," Joshua commented idly, as if it were of no consequence. Sometimes it seemed he was aware of what he did, sometimes, but sometimes he just seemed to think it was all normal. Like breaking the laws of magic and reality that they'd taken as absolute was just casual stuff. Either way, he hardly ever seemed to care.

Serafall kind of wanted to pull him away from his books and kiss him.

That'd come later though, when they went out on their date. He was working and he was doing important stuff and she was supposed to be doing the same. Her paperwork sat in front of her on the table, long forgotten and she knew Sirzechs would sigh and complain, but… She could get- 'Who was it again?' she mused, turning to look at the sheet of paper laid before her.

The Norse again.

They weren't happy just with Joshua's classes, apparently. Or maybe it was because of those classes that they had decided to escalate. Either way, they wanted to meet him… but they were wrapping it all very nicely by inviting Serafall instead. They were making it seem like they were reaching out to devilkind in general, but they were subtly including Joshua in the whole affair and Serafall could see it clear as day.

"How do you feel about meeting the Norse?"

"Am I not already doing that every week?" Joshua asked, looking up and blinking at her. "Oh, you mean, the actual pantheon?" he added as his brilliant mind stopped thinking about magic and focused on what she said. Well, for a definition of stopped. Yasaka and Gabriel agreed with her when she said that his mind seemed to use magic tinkering as a way to function, by that point. "Do I have to?" was his final reaction to her words, and she giggled at his almost whining.

"I mean, no, but-"

"That's basically a yes," he interrupted, groaning and leaning back. She didn't try to correct him though. He wasn't wrong. Instead, Serafall gave him a helpless shrug. It wasn't like she enjoyed bringing him to gatherings that he hated. Sure, it was useful to have him there, especially because he never complained in the events and helped her a lot just by being there and flexing his divine connections and his ridiculous magic reserves, but she'd rather he didn't have to.

She'd much rather not torture her partner, after all.

Serafall was weird like that.

"If Loki's there though, I won't be held responsible for my actions," he said and she paused.

Because that reminded him of something. Several somethings, actually. There was no denying, after all, that some of Joshua's "findings" were suspicious. He'd sometimes come in with knowledge regarding Khaos Brigade that didn't quite fit, didn't quite add up with what they knew and could find themselves.

And yet, it seemed to be correct.

He was right about Hexennacht. He was right about the vampires. And now… Loki. Was he right about that too? Serafall wondered, but a part of her was already sure that he was. She didn't know how he did it. Neither did Yasaka nor Gabriel, but they hadn't asked him. The same way he didn't ask about a lot of the things they couldn't tell him.

However, that didn't make her any less curious. Was it faction stuff with the Egyptians? She doubted it. He wasn't nearly as involved with those as one would expect considering his position in the pantheon. But if it wasn't that, then what could it be? She didn't know and she sorely wanted to ask, but…

"Hm, we can plan for that, just in case, I suppose," she decided, because curious – and almost suspicious, if she hadn't known the man as well as she did – as she was, she trusted Joshua. So, just like he had trusted her with a lot of things, both important and not, she would trust him with that. "First though, I think we have a date to-"

"Did you finish with that?" he asked, raising an eyebrow and she slumped as dramatically as she could. And she could be really dramatic, if she did say so herself. "That's what I thought," he added, but he seemed more amused and fond than anything. It made something in her feel all soft and tangled up, like a loose yarn ball or something like that, if that made any sense. "Come on, I'm almost done myself. Then we can just spend the rest of the night together and forget about all this," he told her, waving his hand at his own notebook and her paperwork.

And damn if that didn't sound tempting.

Wasn't she supposed to be the devil giving deals too good to be true? When had they gone through a role reversal? Maybe she was losing her touch? No way. She'd have to up her game, she decided, narrowing her eyes.

Joshua didn't know what was coming his way.


[}-o-{]
​

[Joshua Davis]

He really hadn't known what was coming his way.

"Why are you drinking coffee instead of tea?" Kunou asked and he almost groaned instead of giving a proper answer. Holding that initial reaction back, Joshua yawned and gave his daughter a weary look. "You're really tired," she pointed out and he almost sighed.

"You can say that again, kid," he replied, dutifully ignoring Serafall's giggling.

That woman would be the death of him.

Or Yasaka would.

Or both of them would.

He could only hope Gabriel wouldn't be like that.

"So, any plans? What classes do you have?"

"Dad, it's Sunday," Kunou pointed out and he blinked at her. Across the table, Jeanne burst into laughter while Asia seemed to be unsure where to look as her face turned bright red. Yasaka just shook her head at him. Serafall was being absolutely useless too, so he was on his own, he supposed. Even Gabriel seemed to be acting like nothing was going on.

Where was Ravel when he needed her?

Actually, where was Ravel?

He blinked as Cheshire supplied the answer with a thought. Right, he'd allowed her to take the day off and stay home. Apparently, she had something to discuss with her parents and what not. She'd been a bit secretive though, which made him think it was family business or something of the sort. He wasn't too curious, but it was odd that she had that after so long just… sticking around.

That thought felt wrong, but that was how it was.

Ravel had just become an almost permanent addition to their weird little family, he supposed. Joshua wasn't too sure how to feel about that. Sure, he was all too happy to have her there, but she did have a family. One that… at least sort of cared about her, or so he assumed. She'd never told him anything about any trouble she might have had with them, at least…

'She hasn't told me anything at all about them, actually, now that I think about it,' he mused and that felt like an answer in itself. All the same, however, he found himself curious… but she'd tell him if something important needed his attention. She was a smart girl… and if she didn't, then he'd surely notice. Either he would, or Cheshire would, or one of his partners would.

"Dad?" Kunou asked and he blinked. "Wow, you're really tired," she pointed out rather obviously and he shrugged helplessly. It wasn't like it was his fault. "I guess I can show you my new illusions later," she added, rather casually at that, but Joshua's brain finally decided to kick into gear and he narrowed his eyes.

Right.

He'd planned with Kunou to have a day for themselves, or at least a few hours. For old times' sake, they'd sit together and work on spells. He'd teach her a thing or two and she'd show off some of the things she'd made. Maybe go for ice cream and some other things along the way too. No way he was cancelling that. Not only would Kunou be sad – no matter how much she was trying to act like she wasn't and wouldn't be –, but Joshua himself would be anyway.

"Are you kidding? I can't wait," he told her and he smiled at the tentatively hopeful look on her face. "I gotta check on a few things, but we can go somewhere for lunch just the two of us and go from there, what do you say?"

"Really?!" she asked, already getting excited. It gave him the energy he'd been lacking. "Where do you think we should go? There was that place we went with mom, what was its name? The one with the really good sushi!"

"I think I remember something about that," he commented, a little amused to see her go from zero to a hundred in three seconds flat. Sometimes, his daughter reminded him entirely too much of himself. Other times, she acted nothing at all like him. "So, how about you go and leave everything ready. It might be Sunday, but I'm sure you have homework to do and we don't want to have that interrupt our day, do we?"

"Right, of course!" she exclaimed, dashing away and leaving half of her breakfast behind. Because of course she did. She'd gotten his worst traits, somehow, it seemed. Like absentmindedness.

"Morag, would you mind-?"

"I got it!" the spider-girl answered before he could even finish, grabbing a hold of Kunou's breakfast and dashing away after her sister…

And she forgot half of her breakfast while at it.

Because of course.

"There's like, three good things they could have gotten from me and they've avoided those like the plague, haven't they?" he asked, getting giggles from most everyone around the table. Although, Yasaka was looking a little intense even as she laughed. Right. She loved it when he was being all paternal with Kunou – almost exactly her words on the matter, those – and Joshua felt something akin to danger at the realization.

Because he kind of needed a bit to fully wake up, now that his Kunou-induced energy was leaving him.

"So, does anyone else have plans for the day?" he asked, turning towards the rest of the family. Interestingly, it was Asia the one that spoke up. The nun usually stayed rather silent unless directly addressed, after all, and even then she tended to shy away when there were too many people around unless she forgot they were there.

It seemed she was excited enough to ignore all that though.

"Karin said she found a new plant she wanted to show me," the nun said excitedly. Joshua wasn't one to care overly much about plants, unless it was for foci for his spells, but Asia had enough excitement to pass some of it to him, apparently. "I've only seen pictures of it, but it seemed so beautiful. And it's rare, so I'm really excited to see it!" the girl said and he grinned.

Yeah, he was happy for her.

And it did look beautiful, once she showed him one of said pictures

He couldn't wait to see it in her garden, because no way it wouldn't be there eventually.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Things happened and there was a slice of life involved too. Far as I'm concerned, a pretty good chapter, just because of that. There's some little parts here and there that I'm unsure about, but over all fine. I've been fairly happy with my writing as of late, I'm noticing…

Not sure if that's a good thing or not.

Like, sure, it sounds like a good thing. But every time I start thinking that my writing is good enough, I start wondering if I've lowered the bar in my head, or if I'm settling rather than pushing. I've said it a few times, but I think having low self-esteem kind of has helped me write better, because it pushes me to improve on what I do.

With any luck, I'm just overthinking things as usual.

As it is, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Which is your favorite DxD fanfiction? If it's GoM – crazy people, I see you –, then which is your second favorite? I feel like it's been a long time since I read any fanfiction in this fandom and that's kind of ironic, isn't it? I could use some recs, I guess.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Sleepy Goblin and 125 others
Adrian King
Feb 24, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 227 - We Are Not Afraid to Play New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,468
We Are Not Afraid to Play

[Yasaka]

She was a happy woman.

There were many reasons for that as of late, despite all the bad that life brought to her, to them. At that very moment, the biggest of those reasons was the way Joshua smiled, a soft and fond thing full of warmth, as he flipped a card between his fingers. Occasionally, he would stop and stare at the circle drawn on one side.

Even she didn't know what that was all about, but she knew it had something to do with Kunou. Apparently, she had made that one card herself and Joshua seemed inordinately happy about it. Yasaka herself was content to see her partner happy and so were Serafall and Gabriel, but the detail about her daughter made it all the better.

Furthermore, he'd been way too stressed as of late, even after the whole deal with Ophis was done.

"Someone's in a good mood," Azazel said and Yasaka half expected Joshua's mood to plummet. His annoyance with the fallen had far from gone away, after all. Surprisingly, the man merely turned towards the Governor, smile still in place. Maybe it was just that good a day for him, indeed.

"I am," Joshua replied, his smile widening a little more. "But that's neither here nor there, I guess," he added, his smile dimming as he seemed to refocus on the meeting and what they were discussing. Yasaka had no lost love for Azazel herself, admittedly. Not at all. But her distaste grew even more pronounced at that. She'd much rather Joshua stayed distracted, if it allowed him to be happy and relaxed for a bit. "What were we talking about?"

"We were about to get to that spell circle you mentioned in your report. Do we know anything about that?" Azazel asked and maybe he was trying a new tactic of some sort, but Yasaka noticed how he was speaking and looking pointedly at Joshua. Both, Serafall and Gabriel, stiffened where they sat as they saw the same thing she did.

He was singling their man out, for some reason. None of them were happy to realize that. That couldn't be good, no matter how they looked at it. Especially when it was Azazel that did it. Maybe she was biased – she definitely was –, but Yasaka was sure whatever the man was thinking was bound to ruin whatever good mood Joshua had. And, if that happened, they might need to go through with some of their plans.

"I've been looking at it and I have some ideas, but I need more information. I've also contacted House of Water for help analyzing whatever Khaos was trying to do there. It's slow, but we're making progress," Joshua explained rather calmly, but confidently. That was a field he was confident in, after all, so it was no surprise. Yasaka had to admit, she liked the look he had whenever he was that sure of himself. "Far as I can see though, my best guess is that they botched whatever they did when they tried to take a part of Sephiroth Graal, or maybe it was a faulty process to begin with. Now, they seem to be trying to fill in some of the voids left by that process."

Azazel narrowed his eyes at that.

He was the expert in that area, so he probably had plenty of ideas of his own in his head. Yasaka might not like the fallen much, but she could admit that he was, likely, one of the – and likely the – foremost experts in the matter, actually. She had trouble thinking of anyone that might know more about Sacred Gears than he did, the same way she did with Joshua and Ward Magic… or Hex Magic, or Boon Magic.

"A report on what you find would be most helpful," Azazel said, and the words were fine, but there was a slight edge there. It was subtly, very much so, but it was there, and if they could notice, then it was on purpose. Even Joshua seemed to notice, in an impressive show of improvement on his social skills. Maybe he was right and he was actually picking up on stuff from what they taught him and just spending time with them.

Yasaka didn't know if she was proud or sad about that, because Joshua's non-politically-oriented self was something she was fond of. It was too much to ask for him to remain like that though, she supposed. Especially considering his situation, the people he surrounded himself with and the way the world just pushed for him to be at the center of such attention. If he weren't learning, they'd likely be concerned.

Still though, it was a shame all the same.

"I'll be sure to send something to you as soon as I feel like it's conclusive enough," Joshua said and a similar edge to the one Azazel had used entered his tone. She wasn't sure what the fallen was trying to achieve there, but his mind seemed to be a mystery in the worst of ways those days. "Speaking of reports, how's your spy doing? I notice we haven't gotten much from him in a while," he added.

"Funny, I was going to talk about something similar," the fallen followed up smoothly, as if he'd been expecting that. "Some of Vali's reports said something about there being a bit of a buzz in Khaos lately. Specifically, since around the time you started coming to these meetings less and you got all withdrawn. Said they were more active than ever, even though he didn't know why."

Silence followed that little speech and Yasaka had half a mind to say something herself. She could see Serafall and Gabriel being of the same mind. Yet, if they interfered, wouldn't that undermine Joshua? It wouldn't be the first time they helped him out or outright spoke for him, admittedly, and he never seemed to mind, but there was a difference in that moment. It was important and if he could handle it, he should.

"Are you trying to imply something, Azazel?"

"Not at all," the Governor answered, easily and relaxed. "Just that it's a little rich that you were so angry at me for keeping my cards close to my chest and-"

The man was cut off as magic flooded the room. Yasaka saw Penemue, next to Azazel, stiffen. It was, after all, decidedly less pleasing to be surrounded by Joshua's magic when you weren't someone he cared about, when his magic didn't wrap around you like a blanket and the warmth of a campfire on a cold night. It was absolutely jarring when it was, instead, the cold of a blizzard storming around you, with no mercy and no end.

"Maybe-," Joshua said, his smile from before turning into something more bitter, more angry. "-that has something to do with the fact that I can't trust you anymore, Azazel. Because you kept your secrets and they fucked us over. Last I checked, what I was doing didn't end up with your faction being attacked and someone you love being in danger… But don't worry, maybe we'll get to that."

"Is that a threat, Joshua?" Azazel asked, stiffening.

"I don't know what you're trying to do, Azazel. That's part of why I don't trust you. I don't know why you insist on poking me, poking us, like you expect something to go well for you somehow even though all you do is be annoying or downright antagonizing," Joshua said, putting into words and voicing what they all – maybe even including Penemue – thought.

Well, they did have some guesses, but Joshua didn't seem to understand them. Frankly, Yasaka didn't want him to understand them. She liked that he couldn't understand the need to be on top of things, to look like you had things in control, even when you didn't. She didn't think he'd be the same person she loved, if he could understand why Azazel had to try to "win" even when he clearly couldn't, because the alternative would ruin him, ruin his standing, and potentially even ruin his faction.

There was a limit to how much that could happen though, and Azazel had gone past that a while before. At that point, he just looked desperate in her eyes. He looked like a man trying to make something work, even though it was clear that he couldn't. He was fighting a losing battle on several fronts, but he kept going, because… Because what? He was too fond of that little half-devil? The one that seemed to be happily living amongst terrorists while doing nothing to help the cause he was supposed to be helping?

Because if he really was that bad of a spy, then Yasaka couldn't help but wonder what Azazel was thinking, setting that up in the first place.

And it was sad, if he really had trusted Vali Lucifer, because the child clearly cared not for the position Azazel was in at the moment.

"But that just makes me trust you even less," Joshua continued, his anger cold and sharp after so much time to let it cool down. Normally, he might have even been considering forgiving Azazel, Yasaka knew. He was that kind of man… but only when the other side offered something, showed something. Everyone Joshua forgave, they changed, they showed him they could be different. That was not Azazel's case, at all. "Besides, I believe I made my stance very clear from the beginning. It's not a threat, Azazel. It's a promise. Especially because I've yet to see how any of what you pulled was worth it."

"And what about what you've pulled, whatever it might be." Yasaka knew, as she heard the words, and saw where they were going, that it wasn't going to end well. Joshua had suffered all those weeks trying to keep everything from crumbling around him. He wasn't going to just sit there and take anything from Azazel of all people. "Because I'm not seeing-"

"Maybe you have the wrong idea of what's going on here, Azazel," Joshua interrupted, almost like something had just come to his mind, casual and disinterested in whatever the Governor was saying. Yasaka thoroughly enjoyed all the little annoyance signs she could see on the fallen. Maybe she'd show Joshua how appreciative she was of that side of him coming out after the meeting. "But we're not your subordinates. We're not even your partners. You are a minor part of this alliance. Have been ever since we realized that we can't trust you and that you won't work with us as you should, as we expected you to. So, the only reason why you are still invited to this is because we can't afford to turn away allies… but give us half a reason more and you're out of here. You might even be turned into an enemy."

That last part seemed to take both fallen aback. Penemue looked downright terrified and openly so, as she should be. Azazel, for all his denial delusions, seemed to realize that maybe the situation was serious. It was sad, that it'd taken that much for it to happen though.

"Joshua, that's frankly a-"

"I'm done here," Joshua said, turning absently towards the card still in his hand and flipping it once. "I'll go see if House of Water has anything else on that spell. Then I have business completely unrelated to this or any of the factions involved in these talks," he explained casually, giving Azazel a look, a smile, that spoke of no good things whatsoever. "And then I'm gonna be looking at Project Descension, which does involve one of the factions at this table," he added. "I hope that's open enough for you, Azazel. At least that much would have been appreciated when you pulled your stunt."

With that said, he left a very pale-faced, terrified Penemue, and a slightly shaken, disturbed Azazel behind as he turned towards Yasaka and the others. And oh were their expressions just a delight to see. She had to, however, turn towards Joshua once more a second later.

"I hope you can wrap things up from here?" he asked, and there were both, contradictorily, a plea and a command in his voice. Yasaka found herself gulping and Gabriel seemed to have lost her ability to speak somewhere in that exchange. So, it was up to Serafall to answer.

"Leave it to us, hot stuff~" the Satan said and… the blush on her cheeks was a little too blatant, let alone the emotions in her voice or her expression… But then again, Yasaka wasn't one to talk.

Maybe it was for the better that Joshua seemed too distracted to notice any of that as he teleported away.


[}-o-{]
​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

"This is… a lot more than I thought you'd get," Joshua said and she had to try very hard not to preen at the praise. Although, she was also the smallest bit insulted. How slow did the man think she was gonna be when he'd very specifically and very intently asked for help in something that she could clearly do? Then again, maybe everyone seemed incompetent when you were that talented.

"I have plenty of people working on this. I do have a lot of power as House of Water's director, you remember?" she asked, trying and likely failing to hold back how proud she was. "You should, since most of that power, I have you to thank for," she admitted afterwards, because she was not ungrateful, at all. Even with all the strings she was pulling, Agnes wasn't getting that much off her debt… but she was getting something done.

She'd take what she could, at that point. She had accepted that she'd never be out of that hole, but she could make sure she didn't look like she'd given up, like she'd decided to take all her blessings for granted. People could think what they wanted of her, but she was not one to leave debts unsettled, no matter how incredibly overwhelming they might be.

"You do remember I told you to keep things secret, right?" Joshua asked and there was the smallest shift in his voice that told Agnes she was in dangerous waters all of a sudden. Thus, with all the panic that annoying the man brought her, she hurried to explain. Dying because of a misunderstanding would just be sad.

"Of course," she immediately answered. "Everyone working on this has sworn an Oath. Not one of them will be saying a word of this that's not in the reports they give me and that I give you," she explained quickly, before he could get the wrong impression. Evidently, he hadn't expected that, if the pause was anything to go by.

"Everyone swore an Oath?" he asked, looking up from the file she'd given him and staring at her. "How'd that happen?"

"Believe it or not, Joshua, there are a lot of people very eager to make an impression on you. Part of the agreement was that I'd specifically mention them and their collaboration to this in the report," she answered dryly.

Really, it'd been a matter of people being too eager, actually. Agnes had gotten people figuratively – and sometimes literally – throwing themselves at her to be part of that job. She'd made the Oath they had to take as harsh as she could make it, after Joshua had thoroughly ensured she knew the seriousness of the situation. People had still barely hesitated.

And she'd made sure to thoroughly ignore those that did.

"Huh… That's surprising," Joshua mumbled. It was kind of baffling that he still didn't understand how the regular magician saw him. Agnes didn't think there was any point in trying to educate him on the matter either. She didn't think there was a chance of that going anywhere at that point, honestly. "Hm… Well, I'll have someone keep track of those that stand out to me so you can make sure they are paid well," he commented idly, his attention going back to the file.

Some people were going to be very happy, it seemed.

Including Agnes herself, because if someone was worth something in Joshua's eyes, then they were worth investing on. She'd done that with the Stars, for example, and now she had strings attached to a bunch of Egyptian-blessed agents, apparently. Levi in particular had become a research god, far as she could see. People were flocking to him now, because he had all the knowledge in their library in his mind at all times now that Thoth was there to help him process all that information he had so eagerly drowned himself in all those years.

He'd gone from a decent asset to a crucial one in the span of a night and Agnes had never been more relieved that she'd been smart enough to be kind to him and to make sure her association was. Joshua was just a talent magnet when it came to magicians, really. Or maybe he was a talent magnet in general.

"I can do that," she reassured and Joshua nodded without saying much else afterwards. That was fine. Agnes was more than happy to leave him to his reading, especially because he seemed, at the very least, not displeased with what he was reading. She'd been a little – a lot, really – worried that things could backfire on her and whatever she found could make Joshua angry because of incompetence in one or several of the magicians she hired.

It'd been a possibility that was there, after all.

Idiots seemed to appear at all levels of skill in their world, if some of the reports she got from Joshua's class were anything to go by. Agnes herself made sure to blacklist all of them from her association's hiring lists. She also made sure to appropriately punish or treat any members of her association that did anything stupid in his classes. Things had calmed down a lot on her side, but other associations weren't nearly as smart…

Now, if that was because she tried not to let too much of what happened in that class get out, then that was not her problem, was it?

They should keep a closer eye on those students themselves, really.

"Hm, that confirms it, I guess," he commented after a while and Agnes was a little disappointed and annoyed to see that he was looking at the second file he'd been given. That one, she had nothing to do with, unfortunately. "Good job, by the way, Elizabeth."

"Of course," the woman replied, all smug and flaunting it immediately. Agnes had half a mind to curse that superior look off her face. Alas, they were reluctant allies once more, sadly. "This isn't a normal group we're dealing with. It only makes sense that someone with my connections would be able to help with this."

Agnes wondered if Elizabeth didn't realize that it wasn't precisely good that she had such connections, but it was true that they seemed to come in handy from time to time.

"True enough," Joshua agreed with a nod before looking up and it was Elizabeth's turn to grow nervous. Evidently, she wanted his gratitude, but his full attention was still heavy to be under. Agnes could understand that completely. "Speaking of…"


[}-o-{]
​

[Elizabeth Báthory]

She was doing Joshua a favor.

She really was.

So why was it that she was the one grateful?

There was something very wrong with that, yet it was the case anyway. Because, as she walked beside the man, Elizabeth knew that she was going to get a lot of points with her circles by just walking in with Joshua. Nevermind the fact that the man had told her to navigate things in his stead, since he both couldn't be bothered and didn't know how anyway.

Idly, she also noticed that the man cleaned up well. There were bound to be a lot of magicians that would be jealous of her for just that… About as much as she was jealous of the man's partners, but that was neither here nor there. Agnes and her were in agreement about one thing and that was that it was not worth it to get involved with Davis that way. Sometimes, one needed to know their place and, as bitter a pill as it was for her to swallow, Elizabeth knew that was not her place.

"So, anything I should definitely know?" Joshua asked, looking plenty uncomfortable in his clothes, even though they suited him incredibly well. Elizabeth noticed though, that he got his act together fairly well when people appeared in sight. At least he knew how to do that much, which was a relief.

She knew that he could behave himself in formal settings, she'd heard enough about his appearances in certain events, but it was a different matter to do so in that setting. The people she dealt with tended to… overestimate their own importance. They had egos the size of their associations, at the very least, and that made them… tricky.

"These people, they are prideful, as much as you can imagine."

"Oh, joy," Joshua replied dryly and Elizabeth wondered if they were going to have a problem. Not that she wasn't going to side with him if something happened. She wasn't stupid. But still, she'd rather not have to lose as many contacts as she was likely to if that happened. "Well, I guess I gotta play my part now," the man added, cracking his neck as they passed by some inconsequent magicians outside their destination and then paused for a moment.

Then they walked in.

Immediately, she could tell that almost the entirety of the room turned their attention towards them. And those were the blatant ones, because Elizabeth was sure that everyone had their eye on the two of them. Joshua wasn't precisely inconspicuous with the amount of magic rolling off of him and flooding the place.

"Elizabeth," a deep, smooth voice greeted amiably and she narrowed her eyes. "So good to have you here," a bald man with an admittedly handsome face added, all but beaming at her as he approached. "And this must be Mr. Davis. It's an honest honor to have you with us tonight, sir."

'Now, that's a first,' Elizabeth thought to herself. Micah wasn't one to call anyone "sir", but that was Joshua. Nobody was going to outright be rude to him, at least not right off the bat… and if they were, then whoever their director was would deal with them if they caught wind of it.

"The pleasure is all mine, Mr. Cantor," Joshua greeted smoothly. "I have to say, these are some impressive defenses you have around this place," he added, smiling as if he truly meant what he said. "Very ingenious. The… enhancements really make them pull through despite how simple they are."

All of a sudden, Elizabeth wasn't sure if he was giving a true compliment or a backhanded one. Calling the defenses "simple" couldn't be good, after all, right? But he said they were impressive and ingenious so…

"We can't all be the Domain Authority, unfortunately, so we had to look for alternative ways to protect ourselves. I'm sure you understand, Mr. Davis," Micah replied, apparently unbothered. Elizabeth knew that he was probably making a mental note in his grudge book about Joshua though.

Rather dumb of him, but that wasn't her problem.

"Which is fine. Everyone has their specialties, right? That's why Joshua is here looking for people with specialties in things he's interested in," Elizabeth took over as smoothly as she could before things could escalate. She really would have to do the talking, as it turned out.

All the better, in a way, even if it was scary to speak for Joshua of all people.

"Oh, and what could our humble associations offer someone as accomplished as Mr. Davis?" Micah asked and Elizabeth could already see the scheming gears turning in his head. Alas, he really didn't know what he was getting into. Joshua would squash him like a bug if he so much as tried to do something funny. And Elizabeth would happily help him, or do it for him if it came to that, really.

It'd still work in her favor, after all, even if it'd be a shame to have to lose more contacts.

Joshua was worth all her contacts and more, of that she was sure.

"Soul Magic, Micah. That's what Joshua is looking for," she said directly and even Micah paused at that. She could almost feel how the atmosphere at the gathering of stray magicians shifted. And in the middle of all that, she turned to see Joshua grinning, his whole presence shifting as someone from the Egyptian pantheon peered from inside his skin and through his eyes. The stray association's director in front of them shifted, maybe even shivered, under that look. "I hope you can help us, Micah," Elizabeth said with a soft, kind smile that spoke of things of an entirely different nature.

It was so good to be on the side of the strongest person in the room.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Azazel just keeps digging that hole without any concern for his health or general wellbeing, I guess. I'm trying, guys, I really am. I keep giving him chances and he keeps pulling that shit no matter how hard I try…

So, yeah, that's fun.

On another note, House of Water keeps winning, and they feel rather conflicted about it.

Not much else to say though, so I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: How's it going? I ask that in all my notes, but I think people have gotten rather desensitized to that part, maybe, and just read past it without thinking. I'm doing well all things considered. I haven't been struggling too much with my writing as of late and I started hosting sessions for my campaigns after months of scheduling problems, so, yeah.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 137 others
Adrian King
Mar 3, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 228 - Sincerely Me New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,477
Sincerely Me

[Joshua Davis]

"Sounds like you got plenty of information," Aika commented absently, seeing something he couldn't and making him wonder if he ever looked like that to other people when watching his system screens. He wasn't focusing too much on that though, admittedly. Mostly, he was checking on his own things, his own feedback, as they both checked on Valerie.

"I did," he replied, running his fingers through his hair. Because yeah, Elizabeth had pulled through and managed to get plenty of stuff from her shady association contacts. The problem was that he didn't know how to feel interacting with such a group of people… Alas, desperate times, desperate measures.

'No, you're not allowed to use Sacrifice Magic to power up our arrays, Friday,' he had to insist, again, as the living spell insisted on begging. To be honest, the way that one stray association had used the magic to power up their basic ass defensive array was crazy. The thing was as strong as some of his own arrays solely because of how much they'd juiced it all up with Sacrifice Magic.

Now, if only that branch didn't need as much… Well, sacrifice.

"Enemies?" Friday suggested, and she had no business sounding so innocently curious when talking about sacrificing their enemies to power up spells. Unfortunately, that wasn't quite as good for the branch of magic, since it worked similarly to Boons and Oaths in that it used the significance of the – in that case – sacrifice to the caster. "Still."

'God, give me patience…' he prayed silently, taking a deep breath in. '... Let's put a pin on that, Friday,' he decided to tell the spell, and she seemed happy that he hadn't straight out said no. Suddenly, Joshua was kind of understanding why his parents did that kind of thing so much. Unfortunately, it would only have so much use before it started working against him.

"So, things are good?" Valerie asked, all smiles and innocence that were painful to see. "When can we play again?" she added excitedly and Joshua smiled back at her as best he could. Then he reached like he would with Kunou, pushing a lock of her silvery hair out of her face and getting a giggle out of the girl.

'You're going to have a chance at a normal life, Valerie. I promise,' he thought to himself. That girl hadn't even gotten half a chance yet in her life, if his memories and what he knew were in any way accurate. He wanted to give her that, the same way the opportunity had been given to him. He felt like that was kind of something he should do, something he was responsible for.

Paying it forward, as it were.

"Joshua?" Aika called and he took a deep breath in before turning towards her. "Can we check notes?"

"Absolutely," he replied, straightening and giving Valerie one last sad smile. "We'll play in a bit, alright, Val?" he asked and he got a smile so big and that tugged at his heart so much. He almost felt like just putting things off. He probably would have, if he weren't about to work on something for her.

"Sure~ You look funny when you work," the girl told him. "Can't wait though."

"We'll be quick," he said with a nod.

When he turned, he saw what he imagined was a similar expression to his own on Aika. She was a weird, perverted girl, but she was like Issei and that she had a good heart. He guessed they were actually rather good a match, despite how canon things went for them. That was good, because if he was going to rely on her to help him with that whole situation, he kind of needed her to be good and give it her all.

Lucky him.

And lucky Valerie too, he supposed.

Was about time for her to get something going her way.

"So, I think I'm seeing something at some of the edges," Aika commented and he narrowed his eyes. "I'm not sure what, but Irer has some ideas of what we could do to get a better look at it. I'm gonna have to work with Levi on how to modify a few spells."

"If you need to, I can help too," he told her, glancing towards Valerie who had taken a spare notebook he gave her and was drawing doodles on it. "I think you might be getting more than I am," he added self-deprecatingly.

Although, that didn't mean he wasn't getting some results himself. With some more understanding and information… He would have to hit the books he got from his latest attempt at research with Elizabeth, but he thought he might be able to help Valerie achieve the "soul mending" effect that he'd seen happen a few times by then. He might even be able to use some of the strengthening effects he was studying from the Balam bloodline on that…

Grendel was a surprisingly good resource once Joshua remembered he was there. He might need to get Ravel to help him keep track of all the things he had around to work with, because forgetting that was a terrible mistake. All the same, the resilience of the dragon might give him something more to work with in regards to the dhampir.

"I have a feeling that you're lying through your teeth without knowing," Aika commented dryly and he chuckled. She could be right. Different opinions and all that. "So… time to play, right?"

"Really?" Valerie asked, perking up. "You didn't talk much."

"Sure thing," Aika answered with a wide smile. "Joshua and I can talk more while we play. So, what did you want to do, Valerie?"

"I wanna draw!"

"Maybe we can take turns drawing and see who guesses first," Joshua suggested and the dhampir seemed to get even more excited after that. Yeah, Aika was right. They could play and work. He'd picked his apprentice right, he supposed.

Never doubted.


[}-o-{]
​

[Ravel Phenex]

"Sorry for making more work for you, Ravel," Joshua said, an awkward smile on his face, but she couldn't feel anything but pride.

After all, how else was she supposed to feel when someone as strong and talented as Joshua depended on her so much for so many things. It made her feel like she might have a fraction of all the power that he had at his fingertips. Because she made some of the things he did possible. She helped prepare him when he had to negotiate or play politics. She organized the work needed for him to get his information and resources. She was the one that kept track of things for him, so that he could focus on what he did best.

And Ravel was so grateful for that.

"It's no problem at all, Mr. Davis," she replied, beaming at the man even as he sighed. He was worrying too much. Sure, it was a lot of work for her, but she was happy doing it. So, was it really an issue if that was the case?

"I know you like doing all this, for whatever reason," he commented, as if he couldn't understand how she could enjoy what she did, like a hypocrite. "But it's still a lot. I can probably get you a helper or thirty with a word or two to someone. You can even organize that yourself, if you don't think I could find someone good, because that's totally a valid concern for you to have."

That… was tempting, but no-

"Ravel, please," Joshua insisted almost immediately. Ravel had thought she had a better poker face, although maybe the man had gotten good at reading her. Which was kind of sad, considering she could get away with lying to her parents quite a bit. "If only for my own peace of mind. You're a child and-"

"Not a child," she cut in immediately, only realizing that she wasn't really helping her case with that at all after saying it. She felt her cheeks heat up afterwards, but she did her best to keep her face schooled and not look away from Joshua. No matter how amused the man looked or how embarrassing that had been.

"Do I have to make it an order? Because I will if it saves me from feeling like I'm working you to the bone, no matter how good you might be at what you do," he said and she tried and failed not to smile. Ravel thought he was being entirely too unfair though. "Just say the terms and I'll get it done, please?" he all but begged and that's what made her resolution crumble.

She couldn't make the man act like that; it was just wrong.

"Alright… I'll see what I do."

"If you don't get someone soon, you better have good excuses," he said then, reading right through her again as he narrowed his eyes. "Seriously, work on that, or I'll have to, and that's only going to be terrible for everyone involved and you know it."

She… couldn't exactly disagree, she supposed.

Still.

"With that said," Joshua said, his resolve to dealing with things he wasn't comfortable with crumbling bit by bit the more she resisted. He wasn't good at dealing with conflict with people that he liked, Ravel had learned. He wasn't much for discipline with Kunou, for example, and he let the Cat get away with a lot… And she guessed he let her do her own thing even when he didn't entirely agree when Ravel was working. "I'm going to go visit the Norse soon, so… I need some help with that, even if I'll have Serafall with me. I don't want to make her do all the work like I did with Elizabeth."

Ravel's expression immediately cleared now that it had something she was confident in to focus on. Maybe she was more like Joshua than she thought though, she considered after that thought crossed her mind. Because that was a very him thing to do…

She wasn't too bothered by that comparison.

Either way, that was a smart decision. Not only was going to visit a pantheon way different than visiting a stray association, but the Norse were the ones reaching out to him, not the other way around. The entire situation wasn't helped by the fact that the Norse weren't precisely a small pantheon at that. They were at the top of things, there with the Greek and the Hindu.

Ravel couldn't in good conscience just let Joshua go unprepared.

"Oh, right. Before that," Joshua started when she was going to get started speaking and her mouth clicked shut. Then she saw him giving her a soft look that always made her feel uncomfortable, but in a good way somehow. "Did things go well with whatever you had to do with your family?" he asked and she had to pause for a second to consider what to say.

Because she had a feeling that Joshua wouldn't like the fact that she was kind of going behind his back to negotiate her family into giving him more access to their bloodline. In her defense, he was already like halfway done with it, so they might as well try and benefit from giving him the rest of it and try to get some profit out of it. Riser wasn't too happy with her at the moment, but then again, he hadn't been for a while.

The rest of her family was at the very least considering it, Ravel knew for a fact, and there might be one or two that were actually somewhat on board.

She could work with that.

However…

"Some things happened and I'm trying to help them decide what to do in regards to that," she said vaguely, hoping against hope that Joshua wouldn't ask further. He seemed to stay away from topics around her family unless he thought he needed to ask, like at that moment, so maybe…

"Well, things should be fine then," he commented, easily letting her get off of that awkward situation. "You're good at doing that sort of thing, after all," he said and she gulped, taking in the proud look on his face.

Yes, she was definitely getting her family to agree with her idea.


[}-o-{]
​

[Gabriel]

She waited patiently, bringing a cup of tea to her lips and taking a sip.

She could see why Joshua enjoyed it so much. The right blend, prepared well, could be just what one needed to calm down, relax. Not that Gabriel needed that kind of thing at the moment, since things were going well. Ophis seemed to have been pacified and Joshua was likely to bring an entirely better era to her faction after the revelation they'd had. He was also making progress in regards to Valerie and other projects of his that were bound to help in many ways. Khaos was even facing setbacks that helped them plenty.

She was also rather relieved that Michael and Raphael didn't think Joshua was their father coming back to life. That'd have made things rather awkward. They weren't ruling out some kind of reincarnation business though, either with their father or their brother, but she'd cross that bridge when she came to it. Besides, they did have one theory that made things less of a mess, and she was clinging to that one with both metaphorical hands.

The point was that Gabriel was pretty sure things were going well and she was not complaining. That said, there was one minor thorn on their side and they might as well try to do something about it, they'd decided. Well, Serafall, Yasaka and her had decided that, just to keep the ball rolling, as it were. Joshua could use a little less stress in his life, so they'd decided to try and help out without involving him. He was juggling enough plates and they knew he'd rather not have to deal with any of that.

Silently, without a greeting or so much as a word, a woman moved to sit across the table from her.

"Good morning," Gabriel said with a slight smile. "Feel free to order whatever you want. They make great tea here though, so I'd recommend that," she commented idly. Maybe it was a little mean of her to feel vindicated when the woman squirmed the smallest bit on her chair.

"I'd rather get this conversation going. What do you want, Gabriel?" she asked and Gabriel nodded, setting down her cup. She regarded her appointment for a long moment all the same, however. Once, she'd envied them all the smallest bit. They had all the freedom in the world, after all. Now though, they might finally get to have a measure of that, once Michael and Raphael hammered out the plans to ease their restrictions.

The war was long over, after all.

There was no need to be trapped under those measures anymore.

"I want to help you, Penemue, what else?" she asked and if she smiled a little wider when the fallen angel shivered, it wasn't for any particular reason. "Don't you want things to get better? Don't you want your faction to regain some of the standing it has lost? Don't you want your fellow fallen to be stronger? Safer?"

"You've been spending too much time with the devils, Gabriel," Penemue told her, and it was supposed to be an insult… Instead, the fallen looked somewhere between wary and tempted. That was good enough for Gabriel.

"That's not a no," she pointed out with a smile. "I only want to help you, Penemue. I truly do. I give you my word," she emphasized and the fallen straightened where she sat. It might be a bit of a myth that angels couldn't lie, but it was definitely true that there was a limit to how much they could get away with, same as it happened with the Sins. Penemue knew the significance of what Gabriel had just said, so…

"What do you even want to do?" Penemue asked after a while and Gabriel supposed that was a small victory all on its own. They hadn't gotten to the hard part yet though, admittedly. "We're already working together."

"Are we though?" she asked, raising a skeptical eyebrow and staring at the fallen across from her. "We have meetings and we share bits of information. When was the last time our faction actually worked together?"

"It's not like we've tried. There hasn't been any need for that," Penemue pointed out, and it was kind of sad how hard she was trying. Gabriel didn't deign that with an explanation or a response of any kind. She just stayed silent, bringing her tea back to her lips. "Gabriel, please, I-"

"You're limited in what you can do," she interrupted, a slight smile on her face, even if it was a somewhat sad, pitying one. "Your hands are tied. That's what I can offer you. What we can offer you," she said and immediately, Penemue stiffened. She was a smart woman, after all, even if people tended to just think of her as Azazel's or Grigori's secretary. She had her fingers in almost every pie in her faction, after all. "We can offer you the freedom and the support you need to do more."

"You want me to rebel. You want me to start a coup in Grigori," Penemue asked, hissed more like. She pulled back, looking deeply offended and angry. That was about what Gabriel had expected though, so she kept her calm.

"Those are strong words," she commented, refraining from pointing out the obvious. It wouldn't be very different from what they'd done with Heaven, back in the day, really. But that had been so long in the past and Gabriel had things to deal with in the present. She could address that when they had time for it. "We don't care if you overthrow Azazel or continue to work for him, support him. We want to make you, to make Grigori, an actual ally, rather than a somewhat helpful neutral party. Azazel won't be a possibility for that anymore, not as things stand, and that's evident, so…"

She trailed off as she saw the fallen flinch, but she didn't point that out. It was truly sad to see her struggling so much, just as it was annoying to see Azazel continue to be as he'd always been. Too smart for his own good, and somehow still not smart enough when it counted. Too proud of his own genius to see past his own mind, his own ideas, and consider that there might be more to things than what he knew and what he considered.

Pride, for her brother, had come before, during and after his fall.

"So you want me to go against what my leader wants and help you."

"Against your leader, maybe, but in favor of your faction," Gabriel pointed out and there was the crux of the matter. Because Azazel was no longer just being annoying and a nuisance to them. He was hindering his own faction by that point. Would Penemue stand for that, like a faithful servant or…?

"What did you have in mind, exactly?" the woman across the table from her asked, eyes narrowed.

Apparently, Penemue was as smart as they'd assumed… and hoped.

Gabriel smiled.


[}-o-{]
​

[Serafall Leviathan]

"So, how awful is this going to be for me?" Joshua asked and Serafall smiled. For one, because he looked great in formal attire and she'd stand by that opinion forever. For another, because it was always nice to have the chance to go out with her partner. For a third…

"Absolutely," she replied, somewhat amused, but mostly pitying Joshua. He really was going to have a hard time, after all. The Norse were a warrior faction through and through, even if they'd calmed down quite a lot from how they'd once been. They were still the opposite of someone like Joshua, who liked his calm and peace. They were boisterous and noisy and he'd hate them for it all.

"Great," Joshua said sarcastically before sighing and running his fingers through his hair to calm himself down. It also had the opposite effect on Serafall herself, but she reigned that in. It wasn't the time. Maybe after the party. "I was hoping you'd have a different answer than Ravel."

"Unfortunately not," she told him, somewhat apologetic.

"It is what it is," he waved off wearily. "Speaking of Ravel, I was talking to her about getting her some help for her job. I'm really starting to feel bad about how much I'm piling on that child," he commented and Serafall beamed at him.

"Need me to get you another secretary?" she said and she'd have made a secretary joke of some kind, maybe, if not for Ravel being so young and how Joshua would take that. Maybe the next one would allow her to say that kind of thing. She imagined Joshua's reactions would be hilarious.

Food for thought.

"I mean, I asked her and she said she'd look for someone, but…"

"But she's a rather greedy little devil," Serafall finished with a giggle and Joshua smiled wryly at her.

"That's one way to put it."

"I'll make a list and talk it through with her if you think she's avoiding things and making excuses," Serafall offered, skipping around Joshua for one last check to make sure his outfit was fine. Which she knew it was, she just wanted an excuse herself to look at her partner very thoroughly.

"Thanks," he replied, stretching as if to get rid of the awkwardness that was no doubt building inside him. It probably hadn't worked, but Serafall would do her best to make the night bearable for him as best she could. And she did have a trick or three that she could pull to help with that, she knew. The Norse wouldn't even be able to mind them too much, since they so obviously wanted a piece of Joshua for… reasons that remained unknown.

There were a lot of reasons why someone could want her partner, after all.

"Don't mention it," she said, beaming at him. "So… you ready?"

"As I'll ever be," Joshua mumbled like he was resigning himself to his death or something like that. Serafall approved of the dramatics, even if it also made her a little sad. It was a shame that he had to deal with that kind of situation, and it was even more of one that Serafall – and Yasaka and Gabriel, to be fair – would all likely end up dragging him into similar situations in the future too, just because of who they were.

Joshua would never just let them keep him away from that, after all, because he'd feel like he wasn't putting his all into their relationships. It was a very endearing part of him, even if it made Serafall pity him a little bit because of how much it worked against him. All the same, she wasn't about to make it a problem. Instead, she'd just have to make sure it was all worth it for him and she had many ideas for that.

For the moment…

"Alright, we can go now then. No need to keep your adoring fans waiting," she commented and he groaned. All the same, he squared his shoulders and nodded, going along with her teleportation spell. Soon enough, they found themselves in a large and plenty gaudy hall where the party was going to be held. It was already almost filled up, except for those people that wanted to be "fashionably late", as it were.

Not like Serafall could talk, since they were also late, but some people really pushed for that.

Almost immediately, several of the people around turned towards them. Not only because they were the latest arrival, but also because of Joshua and his strange-feeling magic. Not every day someone got a sense of infinite magic reserves, Serafall would admit. She couldn't fault them, but she hated the way Joshua's expression closed off under the attention. It was like he became a completely different person just to deal with that.

"Joshua," a voice greeted and Serafall's feelings took another swift shift when her partner's expression softened. "Satan Leviathan. It seems I'll be the first to welcome you."

"Göndul," Joshua greeted, almost friendly despite everything. So, just for that, Serafall found herself thankful for the woman's arrival. She'd heard plenty about the retired valkyrie, but it was good to see her. If only because she helped Joshua ease into things with someone that he was familiar with and who he could talk about topics that he liked. "So good to see you."

All in all, off to a great start, Serafall would say.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Have I ever said how much I hate politics? Because I really, really do. And writing them isn't something I want to do, or something I like doing, or something I'm confident doing. Alas, I have to do it anyway, because there's no escape for either me, or Joshua, unfortunately.

I'll just have to deal with it.

All the same, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What kind of games do you like? I like simulation-ish games that allow me to do my own thing. Like Subnautica, or Stardew Valley, or Cities: Skylines, or… You get the idea. Roguelites are also good, mostly because I have a short attention span, so being able to play a run or two and call it a day is neat.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 123 others
Adrian King
Mar 10, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 229 - My Heart, It Never Gets Tired New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,485
My Heart, It Never Gets Tired

[Serafall Leviathan]

So, things got out of hand very quickly.

"The poor man didn't know what he was getting into, did he?" the goddess that was sitting next to her commented, sounding very amused. "People often forget that we're a pantheon deeply connected to magic," Freyja added and Serafall could only nod. She hadn't forgotten, but she'd evidently underestimated the range of things. Not only that, but she'd underestimated Joshua's progress when it came to using Runes.

"Fortunate that he seems too focused on the magic to realize things, isn't it?" the god beside Freyja, Óðr, pointed out and that was true enough too. Talking magic was something Joshua could do for as long as anyone would listen and encourage him. And the Norse certainly could do both of those things, by the looks of it.

Serafall was more than a little taken aback, she'd admit.

She thought she'd have to carry the two of them through the entire gathering and she'd been more than willing to do so. It was always nice to be able to help someone she loved, for one. All in all though, she thought she could be excused for feeling a little confused and taken aback. She wasn't upset that Joshua didn't seem to need her, not really, but there was an awkward feeling in her, like a tiny part of her was disappointed or frustrated or something like that.

It was an odd feeling, that was for sure.

"I'm not complaining," Serafall said all the same, a slight smile on her face. "It's nice to see Joshua doing well," she added, feeling rather proud as she saw her man carry a conversation with several deities at the same time with ease and confidence. He seemed engaged, interested. He wasn't losing himself to his thoughts, or drawing away in nerves and hesitation.

Yasaka and Gabriel would be so relieved when they heard he did great.

Ravel might be a little put off by the fact that all her tutoring had mostly been for nothing though.

"It's always nice to see our loved ones do well," Freyja agreed, some mirth in her voice, but Serafall simply nodded with a smile. That seemed to please the goddess a great deal, but then again, she was a goddess of love. Married to Óðr who was a god of desire and passion to boot, so Serafall was counting her domains doubly so. "You seem to get along rather well," the goddess pointed out then and Serafall could almost hear a hidden tone there.

Almost like she wanted to add a "despite" follow up part at the end, although she couldn't fathom what would be said.

"We do," Serafall said all the same, and she tried not to let an edge bleed into her voice. She was even pretty sure she succeeded. Either way, Norse or not, big pantheon or not, she wasn't going to let anyone say anything about her relationship with Joshua. "He calms me down and I help him live a little," she oversimplified with a smile.

"It shows," Óðr replied, bringing her attention back to him. "Speaking of showing though," the god added and Serafall turned once more, this time towards Joshua, who seemed to have broken away from the conversation he'd been holding with several deities to approach them. "The man of the hour himself," Óðr greeted cheerfully and Serafall saw Joshua's shields come back up immediately, as if preparing himself for a conversation he didn't want to have.

That was more what Serafall had expected going in.

"Óðr, a pleasure to meet you," Joshua said, recognizing the god immediately. A lot could be said about her man, but Serafall knew that information was what he craved more than anything. True to the magician's ways, Joshua believed in being prepared for everything. The less confident he was, the more he prepared. And considering how badly he dealt with situations such as gatherings – political gatherings at that –, it was no surprise that he'd prepared a lot for that event.

He probably knew more about the Norse pantheon than Serafall did, truth be told, even if he couldn't use that information nearly as well as she could have.

"And you must be Freyja," Joshua added, turning towards the goddess and giving the same polite smile he gave everyone that night. Something that both deities noticed. Serafall was hardly surprised that they were surprised by that though. Freyja was a goddess of beauty too, so she was probably used to more… particular reactions from people meeting her, especially for a first meeting.

Little did she know, Joshua's mind was too worried about the social setting to bother processing how beautiful she was. Serafall would know, Yasaka, Gabriel and her had suffered because of that for quite a while. Frustrating as that had been, it was also a bit of a relief, really, to know that Joshua's eyes wouldn't stray no matter what, even with how much attention he attracted. Hell, the only reason he'd even looked at Gabriel was because Serafall and Yasaka had brought that up themselves.

Something that she tried to bring up as much as possible when around the angel.

Just because.

"You looked like you were having fun," Serafall commented after her partner and the two deities by her side exchanged greetings. Joshua's smile alone made her feel like she'd succeeded in life just with those words.

"I was. Everyone has very interesting takes on magic, how they cast, how they sense, how they think about it," Joshua replied with a wide grin, looking so exceedingly excited that Serafall herself almost wanted to hear about it… And she might even have asked him to actually tell her. However, she didn't get the chance. "But I wanted to come and spend some time with you. I'm supposed to be your plus one, aren't I?" he added, and the half-shy half-eager grin he directed at her made her want to kiss him.

And she did.

"Always nice to know when I manage to do well," Joshua said afterwards, looking very pleased with himself. He was so unfair. But alas, they were there to talk with the Norse, not flirt and kiss each other.

A shame, really.

At least Freyja and Óðr didn't seem to mind the attention they were throwing at each other too much.


[}-o-{]
​

[Yasaka]

"Well, I'm glad to see things went well," she commented, fairly amused, after getting a downright excited recount of what happened during the gathering that Serafall and Joshua had been invited to. By the man himself, no less. After the days she'd spent seeing and hearing about how worried or downright apprehensive he felt in regards to that, it was nice to see that things had gone about as opposite to how the man thought they would go as they could.

"So, you had fun?" Kunou asked, seeming almost shocked by that turn of events. Not that Yasaka blamed her, but it just made the entire situation even more entertaining. "How?" the girl added, a little wide-eyed as she regarded her father like she couldn't figure out how him and having fun at a party could mix together well.

"I mean, nobody seemed to mind talking magic with me," Joshua commented, like he was surprised by that fact himself. "No one even brought up politics or agendas or much of anything else, really," he added, almost childishly delighted by that. Gabriel giggled by Yasaka's side and she felt her lips twitch up.

"They totally did though," Serafall whispered to them behind her hand as Joshua continued talking with Kunou. "They were just very discreet about it. Mostly seemed to want to see how Joshua thinks, feeling him out," the Satan explained to them and both Gabriel and Yasaka focused intently on what she was saying. "Seems a little over the top that they did all that just to check, but there they are. And thankfully Loki wasn't there…"

Fortunate, but suspicious.

"The only one not there?" Gabriel asked, likely thinking along the same lines as Yasaka herself was. Did the Norse already suspect something was going on with Loki? That'd confirm Joshua's suspicions, which they were already inclined to believe, but considering how little solid proof he seemed to have for his theories…

There was more to Joshua than met the eye, but then again, they'd all already known that from the beginning.

"The only one, besides some rather minor and troublesome deities that they probably kept away so that they wouldn't cause trouble," Serafall explained and Yasaka could think of several ones that'd fit that criteria. There was a chance that Loki was also kept away for a similar reason, but as a major god of his pantheon… it stood out all the same. "I didn't notice anything suspicious about anyone, but then again, they were very subtle and mostly seemed to want to give Joshua a good impression. I'm pretty sure they want to join us."

"You guys know I can hear you, right?" a new voice asked, and all three of them turned to see Joshua still talking with Kunou, recounting some magic trick that a goddess had shown off to him and how they could apply that to the flying game Yasaka's daughter was tinkering in her free time… and when she should be doing her homework. All the same, they could hear his voice whispering to him as if he were by their side. "I'm a little disappointed to hear that they were actually still politicking, but I didn't have a horrible time, so it's whatever," the man communicated to them and Yasaka smiled fondly. "Anything I should know right now? I'm gonna take Kunou to the garden for a bit if not."

"Nothing we can't tell you afterwards, like I was already planning to," Serafall replied, and there was a bit of a pout on her voice… and on her expression even. Yasaka sometimes envied her the freedom of expression that she had. Although, on the other hand, it seemed as much an act as her own carefully maintained expression, so was it really freedom in that case?

"Great. If you need me, just call," he told them before both him and Kunou stood up and left the room with only a few words directed at them and a wave of their hands. Yasaka took a moment to look at the two of them walking side by side, like it was the most natural thing in the world. She watched how Joshua smiled down at Kunou and patted her head. She watched how her daughter beamed up at him, hopping excitedly as they moved.

It never failed to bring her mood up and make her love both of them all the more.

"So, that's more or less how things went on my side," Serafall commented, leaning back and looking at the two of them curiously. "How did things go with Penemue?" she added, focusing mainly on Gabriel. Yasaka had already received the "report" on that herself, so she picked up her cup of tea and simply decided to wait for Serafall to be up to speed.

"Went rather well, all things considered. She won't backstab Azazel, of course,-" Of course, she said, as if the three of them hadn't hoped for that. Yasaka guessed they had been asking for too much in that regard, but still. Such a shame. "-but she's open to work with us." That would have to be enough for them, Yasaka supposed. Not ideal, but still more than they'd feared. "Provided we can hold up on our end of the offer, she won't mind coordinating with us to some extent, even if it's behind Azazel's back."

Pretty good deal for something that Joshua wouldn't mind doing at all. He already kind of felt bad for the general populace of Grigori. So, giving them more wings to somewhat match what he was doing for Heaven would be no issue at all. He might have even done that himself, really. So, in a way, they were getting a much better ally out of Grigori for basically nothing.

That was a great deal, if Yasaka had ever seen one.

"On important matters, however," she started, getting the attention of both Serafall and Gabriel. "No one we need to worry about from the Norse, right?" she asked, and the angel immediately turned towards the devil.

"You mean, other than half the goddesses and Göndul trying to throw her daughter at Joshua?" Serafall answered dryly. Yasaka should have seen that coming. She had seen that coming, really. She'd just decided to be hopeful all the same. She should have known it was useless.

All three of them shared a suffering sigh between themselves.


[}-o-{]
​

[Kunou Davis]

"Fun, right?" her dad asked and she stared at him and then at the cloud of smoke/ashes that he was illusioning around them to demonstrate what this one goddess had inspired in the party Serafall and him went to. While she was already a little skeptical just because it had been a goddess that was talking to him and in a little too friendly a manner for Kunou's liking, there was also the fact that…

"Sounds miserable," she replied, looking at the display warily.

The idea was that there could be mist or smoke or something else obscuring sight in the obstacle course they'd fly through. Not only that, but to further complicate matters, there'd be fake environments showing up inside those clouds. So, they'd have to know by heart how the course looked without the cloud and not get fooled by any of that.

Which was likely going to be plenty fun once one of the others fell for one or three of the tricks. It'd be less fun when it was her smacking against a wall or something else. Still, the idea was interesting, so she had to at least consider it. Besides, her dad was so excited showing it off that she didn't want to just turn it away.

"Well, maybe you can leave it for a higher difficulty kind of thing," Joshua commented, reading her somewhat, his enthusiasm dimming a little bit. Kunou felt bad just seeing that, but he didn't seem too bothered by the unspoken rejection. Still- "Well, we can tinker with the idea or drop it entirely if we don't think it's good. No issues," he added, his grin coming back a little as he ruffled her hair.

She'd long since given up complaining about it, but it was still grating.

Doubly so because it was somehow really nice while being frustrating.

"... I guess," she mumbled, considering what he said. "Do we have to call Koneko and Ravel to talk about this?"

"Are they around?" her dad asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Koneko hasn't dropped by, I think she said her peerage was training today. And Ravel was checking on someone that might help her with her job." And if the Phenex was smart, she'd pick a boy or a man, because they really didn't need more women in Joshua's life… or more girls.

She liked having a big family and all, but even that had its limits.

"Then it's fine. It can be just the two of us. Morag is having fun with… Kuroka," Joshua told her, his eyes going a little off as he checked on his familiars with their bond. "So, like old times, eh?" he asked with a smile and she smiled right back, happy to hear that.

She understood that Joshua had more people in his life than when they'd met, and she understood that he was busy with a lot of things too, but that didn't mean she wasn't going to miss him when he couldn't be with her. However, that also meant it was all the more important whenever he took time to just be with her. Like at that very moment, Kunou was incredibly happy to spend some time just doing stuff with her dad.

"... So, an easier take on this would be to make the illusion surfaces solid, but shifting every so often. Make a part of the course that shifts constantly, basically. Or maybe it can shift at will when you do something, to mess with those racing behind you or something," Joshua brainstormed and Kunou couldn't help but stare at him. She heard him, but her mind wasn't really processing that. She was a little busy noticing the difference in her life from back before Joshua.

She did that at times, but it was usually when she was by herself, doing homework or tinkering or just in bed before sleeping.

Once, she'd been alone, surrounded only by servants and her mother, who couldn't be there much. And then, Joshua appeared, and now Kunou had a father, sisters, aunts, friends and so many more people. There wasn't a single day when she felt lonely anymore. Sure, she'd like her dad to be around more, but it wasn't like he was never there, and her mother was around more often than before too. Kunou even had other people to make things better for her when neither could be there.

And she couldn't quite believe it, sometimes.

"Something the matter?" Joshua asked, poking her forehead with his finger. He seemed amused by the fact that she'd gotten lost in thought, which she thought was hypocritical of him. "I'm the one that's supposed to get lost in his mind, aren't I?"

"I can do that too," she muttered, giving him a fake pout. "Learned from the best," she added with a shy, teasing smile that got a chuckle out of him.

"You didn't get that from me and I have a feeling that's not from your mother either," he commented. "Serafall is a terrible influence."

"I don't know what you're talking about," she denied, looking away and at her notes. "I like that idea though."

"Which one?" Joshua asked and she paused for a long moment. "You don't remember what the idea was, right?"

"... I don't, but I remember that I liked it," she answered and even she knew how silly that sounded, but she stood by what she said. No matter how amused Joshua looked.

Although, she could do without the teasing that followed.


[}-o-{]
​

[Joshua Davis]

"So, I was thinking, we have to work on your control of the mist," he commented, looking as Georg trained his Dimension Lost usage. "You should be able to have complete control over stuff inside it, but you don't. We'll get you there. First of all, let's have you move around all this stuff," he said, waving his hand vaguely towards the arrangement of swords made by Jeanne and other random objects like boxes, pieces of furniture and smaller trinkets. "I want you to arrange them in shapes. We can get more specific with it once you can consistently do the switching quickly."

"Understood," the hero descendant replied stiffly. He wasn't going to change that in a while, Joshua could already tell, but he wasn't too inclined to put effort into helping him do so either. Georg wasn't a friend, not really. He wasn't even approaching such a category, unlike Raynare or Kuroka. He might get there at some point, but by then Joshua would have gotten used to him and that'd be that.

It was what had happened with the aforementioned two, after all.

Joshua didn't see that as a bad thing. He didn't know if he wanted to be friends with such people. He could forgive them, he could even trust them, but he felt like friendship was… not the right word for it. Then again, he wasn't an expert in relationships of any kind, so maybe he was just wrong about something and that was that.

"What about us~?" Kuroka asked, peeking from behind him on his right like a little child. On his other side, Raynare stepped up to stand beside him. She seemed to be studying Georg's training herself, probably trying to figure out how to best fight the guy if it came to it, be it sparring or some other less pleasant situation.

He respected that, truly.

"Hmmm, I feel like I always pit you against my familiars or Kokabiel, but they are busy with each other now," Joshua commented, glancing to the side to watch those fighting. Although, maybe that was a generous way to put the smackdown that the fallen angel was getting from his familiars. In the guy's defense, Friday was kind of unfair, since she didn't have a body that the guy could even do anything to.

Joshua still said nothing though, because even if he wasn't actively testing stuff on the guy or keeping him in the dungeons, he was still not forgiven.

"You can practice against each other though," Joshua commented, turning his attention back towards Raynare and Kuroka. "Now that I think about it, I don't make you two spar all that often…" he added thoughtfully, narrowing his eyes. That was a bit of an oversight, he supposed.

It'd be good for both of them. Raynare was straightforward power while Kuroka was overwhelming tricks. In a way, they took the classification of power-based and technique-based combatants to the extremes. Technically, Kuroka should have the edge there, but Raynare might just have enough power – and be resourceful enough with Incinerate Anthem – to pull off a victory. The fallen was also way more determined than the nekoshou, so…

"Have fun," he added after a moment in which the two woman stared at each other, considering their options. They started immediately after he said that though, but he turned his attention back to Georg, watching him go through set configurations of the items one after the other. He wasn't being particularly fast, but the point of the exercise was for him to get better, so it was fine.

With all that done, he looked around and saw that everyone was working on something and he could just… go do something else.

So, he did.

'Give me a call if anyone needs me,' he told Friday, who replied by turning her full attention away from Kokabiel and towards him.

"Yes…" she said, her voice all sorts of distorted, but she was getting better at it all the same. "Daddy," she added, and he took that back. Maybe she was getting a lot better than he thought, because she managed to sound almost normal, definitely sweet, at that moment. He smiled, sending her pride and happiness in equal measure, which made some of the lights around the training area flare up a little bit.

She was an adorable little living spell like that.

'Have fun, Friday.'

"I will," she replied earnestly.

Adorable, way too adorable.

All the same, he had to put a damper on things by moving on to work on something rather unpleasant. Alas, the lengths he went to in order to get stronger and prepare for Khaos Brigade. There was little he wouldn't do for the sake of that battle, after all, even then, when things seemed to be going rather well. He wasn't going to rest on his laurels.

"Hey there," he greeted, walking in and looking at the two cells. They were a lot more… nice than they'd once been, but they were still definitely cells. He wasn't going to afford those two any more accommodations unless they showed him something to change his mind, which they hadn't, not really.

"Good day… or night, Mr. Davis."

Katerea's shift in attitude almost gave him whiplash, Joshua would admit. Although, it made sense. She was acting, after all, and he could see right through it. He wasn't complaining. He'd rather her lie through her teeth and make his job easier than be a general pain in the ass to deal with… like Shalba.

"Already back?" the devil grumbled, apparently trying to show off why Katerea was getting better meals than him.

It was funny though, the Beelzebub devil's bloodline was probably the one that Joshua thought would be the most useful to study. Not to say that the Leviathan was bad, but he already had plenty of ideas of how to apply the Power of Swarm, as opposed to the half-baked Power of Sea that Katerea had.

All the same, both of them would be helping him.

So, Joshua just smiled before getting started.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Eh, some parts of this are a little rough.

And I'll admit, I thought the Norse meeting would go way differently. But then I started taking a deeper look into it, and like, every deity I came across had some sort of connection to magic. So, I thought it sounded like an interesting thing to apply, that it's some kind of mix of pantheon and magician association, which is right up Joshua's alley.

Funny how that works.

Also, yes, that probably doesn't quite cover some of the things you guys might be unhappy with, like the lack of Odin, as an example. As I said in this chapter, this was just the Norse taking a chance to look at Joshua up close and see what he's about. This isn't some grand recruitment attempt or some summon for him to do something for them or anything like that.

Hope that's clear, and I apologize if you were expecting something bigger than we got.

With that said, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What do you think Joshua might do with the Power of Swarm and the Power of Sea from the two incarcerated idiots?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 116 others
Adrian King
Mar 17, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 230 - I Hope You Find What You’re Looking For New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 24, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,499
I Hope You Find What You're Looking For

[Joshua Davis]

He was not a fan of the new development in his search for data on devil bloodlines.

Or, more precisely, he wasn't a fan of having to work with Zekram Bael.

Normally, he'd have tried to stay far away from the man. Unfortunately, he didn't have that choice, because the man refused to let him study anyone else – like, say, the much more friendly Gremory siblings – other than the man himself. In his words "if the heir to his House was going to have a Power of Destruction, it'd be his" and Joshua… found himself slightly exasperated.

It was also odd, if anyone asked him. Because Sirzechs was known to be a monster of a Power of Destruction user. The Satan was openly regarded as a Super Devil, an anomaly of the race that put him in a league of his own almost as soon as he started applying himself and his strength. Why would Zekram not want to "steal" some of that for his heir?

The answer was Pride, or so Joshua guessed.

Because if there was one Sin that could be applied to Zekram Bael, that was pride. He didn't seem to resent the Gremory, but he did seem to have a certain disregard for them. Joshua couldn't pretend to understand how the devil's mind worked, but he found himself oddly fascinated by the thought process. Despite how odd it was, there was a certain… respectable nature to it.

The man was proud, of himself and of his family, his House, and Joshua knew a little about that kind of thing, he supposed.

"Do you have what you need?" the devil in question asked and he found himself surprised to notice a certain note of… deference, in a way. Or maybe it was just the fact that there was no impatience or edge to his words. He was genuinely asking, out of curiosity or something along those lines.

He'd been surprisingly nice and accommodating.

It was odd.

"If you could use it in different forms and shapes, that kind of thing, please," Joshua answered as professionally as he could and the devil started doing just that. He wasn't only analyzing the mass of destruction given presence and structure that the man was moving around though, no. He was also keeping a close eye on the devil himself, trying to find out what made things click in his own body, how it allowed him to manipulate the Power of Destruction.

Because Joshua was realizing that it was a blend of everything mixed together that made those do their thing. The bloodlines were intertwined in their essence, their magic and their soul, all that made them who they were. It was like the roots of a tree, spreading inside dirt, but also around rocks and into a water stream.

It was everywhere, and all of it did something to make the Power happen.

It was fascinating.

"Can you let it go and recast it a few times over and over? That part is one of the most complex," he asked eventually and the devil complied without so much as a word. It was really making him feel like something was wrong in the world, truly, but he was also having a great time analyzing the power.

It'd been something that he'd always been curious about, but also hadn't quite dared to look into. He knew it'd have been trouble, after all. Who'd have thought Zekram – his biggest fear on the matter – would be the one to offer and help him study the bloodline? Certainly not Joshua, but he wasn't complaining.

He was just very confused.

All the same though, he didn't quite have the time to go into that thought, he could do that once he went back home. He was much more interested in looking at what the devil was doing and how it was happening. The activation of the bloodline was something spectacular, truly, and he meant that in regards to every bloodline. All of them seemed to be unique too, which only made it all the more interesting to look at.

It rippled through the devils in a way that was almost worrying, like those roots that spread everywhere, came alive, twisting and turning to manifest a concept rather than an ability. It was no wonder the bloodlines were named as they were. Sure, they seemed to lean more or less towards certain things, but they were, at their cores, very conceptual when it came down to it.

And that was… Joshua didn't even think he had a proper word to explain it.

"Something the matter?" Zekram asked at some point, when Joshua was probably a little too awed in his appreciation of the power. It was something to behold though, truly, and maybe the Power of Destruction most of all. Not only in itself, but also in what Joshua could do with it. Because he had gotten a bunch of ideas for the Silence projects, which would be great, since he had started to make next to no progress there after a while.

"It's no wonder you're so proud of your bloodline," Joshua said, since he didn't expect the devil to have a problem with that. Expectedly, the Bael seemed rather pleased with himself instead. "It's a wonder, truly."

"I knew you were smart," Zekram replied with a very smug expression on his face. Joshua almost regretted his comment just looking at it, really. However… 'I mean, I know some of what he's done, but… he hasn't been too bad, right?' he realized at that moment, blinking to himself.

That was so odd to think about. Because Zekram had really just been neutral and even good to him, despite what he could – and had, admittedly – have expected. Joshua didn't know what to do with that realization, if he were honest.

Thus, he just pushed it aside.

"Alright, I'll cast a few new spells, we'll repeat some of what we've done and I think that can be that for the day. I'll need to go over what I learned," he said and the devil's expression cleared into something that could be called professional before he nodded. And that was that.

So incredibly odd.

But maybe not bad.


[}-o-{]
​

[George Pickingill]

For the most part, despite everything, he'd enjoyed some time of peace.

Sure, Davis had thrown him a few curve balls here and there, but at least he'd never been alone while it happened. George had at least suffered together with his fellow Stars. That was, he knew, much better than being singled out, like Levi or Meredith. Dion had been called the other day for something relating a similar branch of magic to her own. And Karin was friends with Morag, somehow, and she helped Davis with the garden at his house, which had ended up with her being friends with an Asia girl that George hadn't met yet but felt like he had just from all that he'd heard about her.

George was fine being the normal one though.

He'd been the special one before, back when his professor had needed help with that healing spell. With that no longer being the case though, he hadn't had much else to stand out for and he was grateful for that. He didn't want to know what'd happen if attention went back to him. His family still wouldn't let it go after the defense update Davis had given them.

He was kind of scared of what his mother would do if she met the man, truthfully.

Or what his father would let her do, for that matter.

So, yes, George was fine with some peace.

"George, can you stay behind?" Davis said at the end of a class and he felt his face paling immediately. He did not like the pitying looks the rest of the Stars were sending him. Nor did he appreciate the amusement Imhotep was feeding him through their connection.

Maybe he'd jinxed himself with just his thoughts.

"Did you need me for something, Professor Davis?" he asked, glancing at the door where the last of his fellow students left. He could feel their eyes on him, and he knew they envied him. He understood, really, he did. But he also knew that he kind of envied them too.

He didn't miss life before Davis appeared in it, not at all, but he did miss the times when he wasn't agonizing over how to repay his debts.

"I need your help," his teacher said and normally that'd have been great news. Something to do for him was great, since that meant doing something in regards to his debt, no matter how impossible it already was to settle. However, he knew by then – and the rest of the Stars did too – that there was no way Davis wouldn't do something to worsen their debt situation after they did whatever it was that he needed.

He was a cruel, cruel man like that.

"I need to discuss some concepts in regards to your spells," Davis said and George felt the gears shift in his head. That wasn't the time to be feeling sorry for himself. "Not the spells themselves, or what they do, but how they do it."

That was… an interesting topic.

Not what people usually wanted to talk about in regards to his magic branch – or any other, really –, but he wasn't really surprised. Professor Davis had a way to just ask or be interested in the weirdest things. Considering that, the mechanisms of George's Recovery Magic were rather normal, all things considered.

"Anything in particular you'd want to know, Professor?" George asked, nodding and whispering a thank you when the professor placed a chair for him to sit across his desk. Idly, he wondered what crazy thing he was working on, because he was very much aware that Joshua Davis never asked for help in regards to small stuff. No, if it were small, he wouldn't ask, he'd just work on it himself.

That was what George and the rest of the Stars had put together.

"Well, a few things, but I'm sure you can think of more yourself," Davis started with.

What followed was a rather long exchange in which George did his best to add some insights he had after years of using his branch that Davis didn't have from – rather intensive, admittedly – sensing and spell observation. How some of his spells encouraged natural or "natural" recovery, or how some of them helped mend what wouldn't otherwise do so, or how some others slowly ate away at curses and similar effects. There were a lot of details to share and a lot of "feelings" and "impressions" that he could add along the way, just to be as thorough as he could.

Imhotep even chimed in from time to time, helping George put into words things he'd never quite considered as he was then. Sometimes, the god even added some bits and pieces himself. Maybe it was presumptuous of him, but George thought the deity was rather eager to participate in the conversation. He even thought he might be right with that guess, judging by how the god went strangely silent after he had that thought.

Either way, the conversation went over all fairly well. Which was good, because his teacher seemed rather interested in those in particular, the small details. He couldn't figure out why, admittedly, but George supposed he didn't need to either.

They were, unsurprisingly, talking for a whole hour before he realized that no, they weren't going to be done anytime soon. He wasn't surprised by that fact, not really. However, he was a little nervous, because, after all…

"Um, Professor, I… I had a job scheduled soon," he commented, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. "Which is fine, by the way, I can stay. I just, I should at least call and-"

"No, no, it's fine," Davis interrupted, waving off his words as he leaned back and looked at the clock on the wall. "We've been here for a bit and I shouldn't expect your days to be free, I guess." He really shouldn't, considering they'd already had pretty full schedules without becoming his agents for the Egyptian Pantheon. George obviously didn't say that, but the point stood. "Ravel, can you make sure Agnes takes care of that. I think we're getting somewhere here," his professor said and the devil agreed rather easily before leaving through the door. "Now, let's continue for a bit longer, if you don't mind, George. I think this could help me out a lot," he was told.

And George for once entertained the notion that maybe he really was actually doing something in regards to his debt, no matter how small.

He'd still be skeptical about it though, because he could only be fooled so many times.

At least the conversation was fun.


[}-o-{]
​

[Aika Kiryuu]

"Hope the date went well," Joshua commented, leaning back on his chair with a smile. Beside him, Valerie was giggling at a small illusion that the man had no doubt cast. "You didn't give me many specifics, so I had to improvise a little."

"It was fun," she replied with a smile that she hoped did at least a passable job at telling the man that she was understating things so badly she wasn't sure how she could do worse. And yet, she didn't have other words, because everything felt like it'd fall short. "You said there'd be sea lions and penguins, but there were even whales and dolphins on the way. Did you know about those?"

"Nope. Guess you got lucky," he replied, casually. A little too casually. Well, there was also the fact that Aika had come prepared, with a spell in place to help her figure out the man more. So, he had set that up. She'd thought it was a little suspicious when even the guides were surprised by the animals they were seeing. "Funny how that works, right?"

"Yeah, very funny," she replied dryly, which didn't seem to phase the man at all. Not that she expected it to. So, with a sigh, Aika decided it was better to just let things be. Not like she was going to complain, but sometimes Joshua just complicated matters by being too blasé about things that certainly shouldn't be.

When he said he had a good spot for her to go on a date with Issei, she hadn't expected to be sent to the other side of the world. That was really goddamn far and the two of them had spent a good hour just coming to terms with that. Maybe they'd actually have to have a place in mind next time they asked Joshua for something.

Their extended date had gone spectacularly though.

"So, anything I should know before we start?" she added, glancing towards Valerie, who continued to be distracted by the illusion. She seemed particularly happy that day, which was saying something considering the state of the dhampir's mind. She really, really hoped they'd be able to help the girl, because it was so depressing to see her sometimes.

Aika had heard the phrase "husk of a person", but it was usually applied to people that were depressed, shut off, dead where they stood. She'd found in Valerie another way it could be applied, because she was all happiness and giggles and innocence, but there was just something about her that seemed off. Sure enough, she was incomplete, she was missing parts of herself, of her soul. A husk that had had taken away most of her, leaving only a child-like mind that couldn't even put together the issues of her own person.

It was, somehow, a worse thing to witness, in Aika's opinion.

"Not really, most new stuff I have is… Well, for my side of things, far as I know," Joshua answered, making her turn towards him. "We can start whenever you want. I've already started, actually," he added, but as he spoke, there was a pitying smile on his face directed not at Valerie but at Aika. She wanted to tell him she was fine, that she wasn't the one with a shredded soul.

She knew it wouldn't help.

"He worries for you, like a good pharaoh should worry for his people," Irer told her, sounding rather proud. Because apparently, the Egyptians were big on claiming the achievements of others. Not that Aika could talk, considering how huge a help having the god's blessing was for her magic and even some everyday things. Her regular sight had never been better. She could ditch the glasses any day if she so wanted. It just so happened that Issei liked them, so she was now using fake ones.

'I guess… it's just odd,' Aika thought to herself. She didn't remember the last time she'd had someone other than her parents worrying for her. It wasn't bad, not at all, and she knew it meant a lot to Issei, to have an adult that was a little more responsible than his parents were. She was just not used to it, she supposed.

"Ready whenever you are," Joshua said, snapping her out of her thoughts again and she nodded. Taking a deep breath in, she pulled out her notebook with circles and started casting. All the while, she felt her eyesight hone in even more than it already was those days, even time seemed to slow to a crawl so that she could take a better look at things. The spells almost talked to her too, telling her all that she wanted to know, and things she might not even have realized she needed, whispering not unlike Irer himself.

She looked, deeply as she could, into Valerie, reaching for her magic, which moved oddly, out of sorts, like a faucet that's broken or a fan that's shaky. The first glimpse at how torn the dhampir was, and that was before the soul. That was before she looked at the essence of the girl, frayed and burnt and rotten at the seams, like an eternally old ragdoll that kids had found any and all ways to use and break.

It made her sick, every single time she looked at Valerie's soul. Worse even was the fact that she was getting better, polishing and adapting her spells to see more. And the more she saw, the more twisted the pictures became. It was almost like she was torturing herself, but she owed Joshua and Valerie needed her, so Aika would endure.

She was going to save that girl, she swore.


[}-o-{]
​

[Meredith Ordinton]

"You seem… remarkably at ease," the woman beside her commented and she shrugged.

"Compared to a vampire war, this is fairly tame," she replied, her mind flashing back to that day. It'd been… a lot, but it'd also been oddly freeing. It wasn't often that Meredith got to feel so useful and also that she got to let loose like that. She'd never realized how much she craved a good fight.

She was no Jeanne, let alone Raynare, but Meredith had learned that day that she was a fighter through and through.

"I… see," the woman mumbled, clearly not seeing at all. "Joshua can never associate with normal people, can he?" she added and Meredith laughed. She had to, really. After all…

"I think I'm one of the normal ones," she told her, getting a confused blink in response before she continued. "And in my defense, it was Joshua that dragged me into that situation."

"That… makes sense, yes," the woman said. Griselda, Meredith was pretty sure her name was. She wasn't sure how likely it was that they'd work together again though. She didn't often bother learning people's names in jobs. Or, at least, she didn't try too hard to remember them once things were underway. Not much of a point.

Although, Joshua himself had set her up with that job with the Church, so maybe there was a chance for more encounters. 'Hm, yeah, I should try to remember her. Never know. She sounds like she knows Joshua,' Meredith mused to herself. She'd think about all that later though. As it was, they had a job to do.

"Either way," she continued, turning towards where someone was casting some sort of spell. Different from hers, and even the Norse runes she'd seen while around Joshua. The Church had its own system though, and she had no delusions about her chances of learning anything in regards to that, Alphecca Tyrant or not. "You sure you'll have the precise location today?" she asked.

They'd been set up to work together for a while already, with her offering a little extra force when hunting down Stray Exorcists and Devils. The Church was apparently a little short staffed, so they were… outsourcing some work. Griselda would be her handler for a while, until she proved "trustworthy" and then Meredith would be able to become a pseudo-exorcist, as it were. A mercenary doing exorcist work, basically.

Although, the woman had told her that it was all a formality.

Apparently, Joshua had the Church so far in his debt that they barely dared to set up that formality rather than just taking him up at his word. They were also all bending over backwards for her, not unlike how House of Water did. She'd caught one of the people that was more of a gofer actually tripping while trying to rush to get something to drink when she'd commented on it one of the other days she'd worked with them.

Meredith wasn't surprised, not really.

Because the answer to everything was rather simple: Joshua.

It was kind of funny how that explained everything.

"We should, yes," Griselda answered with a nod. She was a very no-nonsense person, Meredith had learned. She could respect that, truly. Although, maybe she'd gotten used to Joshua's more laidback approach or something, because it felt stifling at times, even though she knew she wouldn't have had a problem with that back in the day. "I was told that they were one or two scrying attempts away from finding that out," the woman added, with a tone and a look directed at the men casting the spell that said they better not have lied to her.

She almost felt bad for them.

Almost.

They would have been wasting her time too, after all. Time that she could have used practicing, or out on jobs that'd allow her to fight for real. Something that wasn't a great necessity for her, but it definitely was for the voice in her head.

Literally.

Sekhmet wasn't a great fan of just sitting at home doing nothing. She was a warrior goddess and it showed. She craved a battlefield, somewhere to prove herself, to show her might. Sometimes, Meredith would catch herself having dreams and daydreams about the fight during the vampire mess, except there'd be bits and pieces that had nothing to do with it, different fights, in a different time, with a different person fighting rather than her.

"We are the Pharaoh's weapon, the tool of his might brought to the world," the deity whispered and Meredith didn't disagree, but she did think the goddess was a little off her rocker. Which was rude, she knew, but still. She could do without the bloodthirsty whispers at the back of her head.

Maybe she'd ask Joshua to tune her down.

"The Pharaoh is a terrible influence on you, child."

'I'm the tool of his might, aren't I? I think being a little like him is fine,' she replied and she was fairly sure what followed was the emotional equivalent of a huff and turning away. That was amusing. Although, Sekhmet was likely not wrong. Joshua was a terrible influence if she could think and talk like that to a goddess.

"Yes, you should remember that you're not talking to some nobody like-"

Then again, it worked for him, and he was the Pharaoh, so it was probably fine.

"How did I get saddled with your absolute infuriating-?"

"They found the location," Griselda said and she was probably a little confused as to why Meredith was giggling.

She wasn't sure explaining that Sekhmet was throwing a tantrum in her head would help.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

A little peek outside of Joshua, if you will. Always fun to delve into other PoVs, I have to admit. And there's also some background stuff explained while the main stuff is being progressed. A win on all fronts, far as I'm concerned. Granted, it's not a lot of anything, but I consider that a good thing. If I made it entirely about one thing, I'd feel like I was focusing too much or maybe making too much progress in regards to one single thing and leaving everything behind.

Maybe that's just me, but it's still how I feel.

Either way, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Did you do anything productive this weekend? Me… not particularly, unless you count putting together a terrarium and devising new ways to kill my players in my campaigns (that's what they get for having lives and not having time to schedule a session).

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 119 others
Adrian King
Mar 24, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 231 - A Taste of Heaven New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Mar 31, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,505
A Taste of Heaven

[Joshua Davis]

'Looks good,' he thought to himself with a nod as he laid out another set of spells around the room.

He'd already tested them – three times at that –, but Joshua could never quite shake the fear that he might cast something that'd ruin things and set Ophis off. It was a constant worry when trying to upgrade the Silence rooms, but nothing of the sort had happened yet. Closest he'd gotten was the dragon poking her head out of the room to tell him that she didn't like a new addition and then a few tense seconds of him trying to figure out why.

Joshua wasn't very sure what'd happened that time, but it'd been a fairly tame incident… Once he'd calm down and gone back home to get his thoughts in order. Because the whole time during the actual event had him feeling like he'd just disappear any second. The Dragon of Infinity was a nightmare for him that way.

'Now, the next set,' he decided, taking a deep breath in and steeling his nerves to keep going.

He'd gotten a bunch of ideas for those projects, after what felt like a long time of barely any progress. The Power of Destruction had given him plenty in regards to those, after all. It wasn't quite the same, but the devil bloodline and the Dimensional Gap had some similarities between them, and studying both had bridged the gap – 'That's a terrible pun.' – quite a bit and helped. He'd tried to apply the concept of destruction to create a space of nothingness, but that'd been…

Loud, according to Ophis.

That'd been what caused the aforementioned incident, after all.

There were still plenty to use all his notes from his research sessions with Zekram, but Joshua had had to approach the issue from a different angle. Not something new to him, but he'd have appreciated having a more straightforward time of it. No such luck, however. He was resigning himself to the fact that he'd never have an easy time with things.

"Good, right?" he asked Cheshire, who had been particularly clingy that day and had followed him there. He wasn't a fan, but he was growing a little less terrified of Ophis going off every day that passed. Which wasn't saying much, but it was enough that he was only freaking out a little bit while his familiar stuck to him.

He was going to have words with Friday for teleporting Cheshire with him though.

His feline familiar, however, rolled her eyes at him as if he were exaggerating… He didn't think he was, but… 'Cheshire will do as Cheshire wants,' he thought, taking a sip from the cup of tea he'd brought for himself. He had a history of caving to his familiars' whims, especially Cheshire's. So, Joshua guessed it was a bit of a stretch to think that'd change anytime soon.

Which lasted all of a few seconds after two things happened almost at the same time. The first was that there was a click sound coming from one of the room doors, the one where Ophis was in. The second was that Cheshire stiffened.

And then Cheshire was teleported away as fast as Joshua could manage.

The Infinity Dragons stepped out, face blank as always. Although, he caught her staring at the spot Cheshire had been in for a long second before her attention returned to him. Joshua, for his part, was already feeling cold sweat running down his back.

"Joshua Davis," the being said and he gulped.

"Ophis," he replied with a slight nod, unwilling to take his eyes off of her. "Was the last adjustment bad again?" he asked, and he was surprised that she didn't immediately answer. Instead, she stared at the cup in his hands for some reason. He was halfway through deciding to send it into a Storage Spell before the dragon opened her mouth and his attention was pulled fully onto her.

"No. The opposite," she told him and he blinked. "I like the new changes," she added and he had to take a moment to process that. Not only because it was incredibly good and relieving news, but also because that was the first time she went out of her way to tell him. That meant she either was getting more comfortable with him – which he didn't know how to feel about – or she was really happy with the change, which would be great.

Unfortunately, he wasn't sure how to ask, at least before the dragon spoke once more.

"I think I'll be staying here," Ophis said and he had to consider that for a long moment. Mostly because she was already spending most days there. Joshua was pretty sure he could count the times she'd left in one hand. And she didn't even leave for that long, really. "What is that?" she asked, eyes going back to his cup.

"Tea," he answered straightforwardly. "A drink, it's warm and soft and it helps me relax," he added… not entirely sure why. Sometimes he just felt like explaining a little more, just to avoid any potential misunderstandings… or just out of nerves, he supposed.

Maybe both.

"... Can I try?" she commented and he blinked at her again. He felt like he was doing that a lot. "I've seen you drink that a lot." 'Well, that's not worrying at all,' he thought to himself. Mainly because he'd only brought a cup with him to work on the rooms twice, so that meant she was checking on him often, from inside the rooms to boot. He really didn't know how to feel about that.

"Sure, I can-" he started, only to be interrupted as she took the cup from his hand before he could offer to bring one for her. So, he stood there as the Dragon of Infinity tried out tea for the first time. He stiffened when she frowned and passed the thing back to him.

"Bitter," she mumbled, eyes narrowed.

"Sweeteners can be added," he pointed out and he found himself on the receiving end of the intent stare of the dragon once again. "There's sugar, honey and other things. Maybe I can bring you some to try next time?" he offered and she seemed to consider that for a long moment before nodding and walking back into the same room he'd been modifying.

'What the fuck was that?' he wondered to himself.


[}-o-{]
​

"Only you, Joshua," Gabriel commented and he sighed wearily.

He also refrained from pointing out that Yasaka and Serafall had said the exact same thing when he told them what happened. He sorely wanted to bring it up, but he had a feeling that she'd find it even more amusing than she already did the situation he'd told her about. He didn't think he wanted to deal with that going into where they were… which was Heaven, again.

"I think my life just can never have a quiet moment," he commented, although he wasn't always complaining about that. There were times when the unpredictability of his life was a good thing. "By the way, that's new," he added, deciding to focus on something else, like the black iris that Gabriel had placed behind her ear.

It stood out against her generally bright and light color palette, maybe even looking bad. Joshua didn't know enough about fashion to know for sure, but he knew that it looked great to him. Mainly because that was the flower that he'd given her for their first date, the one from the tradition of sorts that he had started, or followed, if you looked at it a certain way.

"Felt like it," she replied with a smile that he was sure hid plenty that was going unsaid. He almost wanted to ask, but he was a little distracted by how pretty she looked, smiling a warm smile and reaching up to tuck a lock of her blond hair behind her ear around the flower. He was biased, of course, but what did that matter?

"You're beautiful," he said, and he felt silly for being that direct and simple about it. However, he'd learned that it was enough to do that sometimes. It didn't all need to be big and meaningful gestures. That was something that was proven when Gabriel beamed at him. "So, what's special about today?" he asked as they continued on their way to meet her brothers. She always liked to take the scenic route there when they visited, for whatever reason.

Joshua guessed she liked to show off her home-slash-realm, and it was entirely fair. Heaven was magnificent, truly, and it was no chore at all to admire the place. Besides, it was more time with his partner and less time dealing with people he didn't know well, so that helped too. And he'd never complain about being with Gabriel, or Yasaka or Serafall, for that matter.

"I think I'd rather not spoil the surprise," the angel answered and he side-eyed her suspiciously. There was definitely something going on, but he couldn't quite figure it out. His one guess was that they were finally going to do something serious rather than test things, which was… Bold.

Joshua had completely understood the angels' desire to be completely safe on their approach to his capabilities to alter Heaven's System. There was a lot that they could fuck up and they wanted to work on it in a way that wouldn't go against what their father had wished for it to be. They just wanted to deal with some inconveniences left over by the war that had been going on when God died.

Maybe there was something that they wanted to get out of the way quicker than other things? Or something they were more sure about how to deal with. Or both. Joshua wasn't too sure, but he guessed he'd get an answer soon enough. It was just that he couldn't stop his curiosity from being annoying and trying to find an answer.

"I can see the gears turning," Gabriel commented, poking the side of his head and he sighed. "You really can't deal with not knowing things, can you?" she asked, sounding both amused and fond.

"I guess I got used to having all the information. It's what I've needed to get this far," he replied with a slight shrug and a half-helpless smile. "I should learn to deal with it when it's not a necessity, like right now… I think." Even though he said that, however, there was a part of Joshua that rebelled against the idea. Knowing things meant he was safe, after all, and not knowing things meant he was in danger.

That's how his mind had started to work.

Sometimes, he'd manage to deal with unknowns to some extent, but others… Others he couldn't stop his mind from overthinking things, worrying about every single bad thing that could come from an unknown. 'I really should do something about that,' he told himself, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath in. Then he opened them rather abruptly when he felt Gabriel taking his hand.

"You've had a lot to worry about so far and still have plenty," she told him and he gave a smile that might as well have been a grimace back to her. "It's completely understandable that your mind is used to not liking unknowns. They tend to make you nervous because you see them as potential problems for yourself and those you care about," she explained, as if reading his mind. Maybe she knew a thing or two about that kind of situation. She had lived through at least one major war.

'Actually, I should brush up on supernatural history, at least from the bible factions and the youkai…' he mused to himself before deciding to focus on the present. He always ended up feeling bad when he drifted off too much on one of his partners, especially when it was a one-on-one situation rather than in a group one.

"So, other than the mystery thing, anything else I should know?" he asked, doing his best to put all his attention on Gabriel. He was pretty sure she noticed, just like he was pretty sure he saw the corner of her lips pull up into a wider smile than the one she was already wearing.

"Not really, but I'm sure you'll have plenty to talk with Raphael," she told him and he almost sighed.

"No offense to him, but he's exhausting and he gives me headaches," he replied and she giggled. He wasn't even joking. That one particular Seraph was probably the one he liked the least, and that was saying something when Uriel was right there, always on the verge of hating his guts. However, Raphael was like Ajuka in the sense that they were too much like Joshua. Being in the same room with one of those and any kind of business talk was bound to give him a headache just with how many ideas they ended up bringing up.

Most of which weren't even useful.

"He shares the sentiment," Gabriel told him and he wasn't really surprised. Although, the Seraph certainly did a better job at acting like he was fine than Joshua and Ajuka did when they were met with that situation. Maybe that was an angel niceness thing. "Do you think we could go somewhere after this? Or did you have something to do?"

He had been planning to go conduct some research with Grendel again, sure, but how could he say no to Gabriel?

"Nothing at all," he said, knowing full well that the angel would see right through him. He did it anyway though, because why not? "Did you want to go somewhere in particular?" he asked, instead of addressing that.

"Not really. I just feel like monopolizing your time for a bit. Is that greedy?" she asked and he could hear the joke in her tone. As if she even could be greedy. Although… 'No, no flicker of her wings,' he noted to himself with some relief.

That kind of thing was still happening from time to time, and it worried him greatly. He was really hoping that once they got to easing up on the System's restrictions on angels, things would get better in that regard. And if worse came to worst, then he'd just be a greedy fuck and just change the System himself. That'd be bad, but it wouldn't be worse than the alternatives, at least in his opinion.

"Stop worrying about it. I'm fine," Gabriel told him, poking his side softly with her fingers. "We're going to make this easier on us now, and that'll help a lot, not only for me but for everyone."

"I know, I just wish we didn't have to walk on eggshells every time we're together," he told her, being brutally honest. He could lie or underplay it, but she'd read right through him, and there were things that he didn't want to lie about. There were things he didn't want to do that with, no matter how much she could see through things.

Maybe he was just very particular about that kind of thing though, Joshua was aware of that much.

"And I appreciate that," she said, pulling on the hand she was holding and bringing him closer to her as she hugged his arm. "Now, some other topic, Joshua," she said and he knew she was making fun of him. She knew, after all, that he was terrible at carrying a conversation by himself. Especially one that he didn't have predetermined topics to address for some reason or another.

"You're very mean for an angel," he pointed out and she just smiled wider, the meanie. "Well, I think we can take a break in Asia's garden when we're done here. What do you say? It's been a bit since I've seen it all and she's been doing a lot of things. And got Karin's help to do a bunch of others."

"Sounds like a plan," Gabriel said, visibly pleased with herself for whatever reason. Maybe getting his socially awkward ass to do anything even remotely social was a victory of some sort for her. If that was the case, Joshua didn't like the fact that he'd be put on the spot more. He couldn't even complain either, because he kind of loved the look on her face at that moment. "She does beautiful work."

"I know, right?" he replied with a smile of his own. "I'm thinking about getting her a bigger area to work with, and maybe some help. Because she's great with that," he added, and he wasn't even thinking about all the materials he'd get from a bigger garden, although that was a plus. Asia just had a gift with gardening, for one reason or another. And he thought it was a shame that it'd never popped up in the actual series… or so he thought, at least. He could have forgotten. "I wonder what she could do with more to work with… Although, I might have to make sure she doesn't try to work the entire thing by herself, because she might actually try."

"Sounds like her," Gabriel agreed and he nodded, happy to have that confirmed. People weren't his forte, so it was nice to have some help from time to time. "And I'm sure she'd love that," she added.

She didn't say anything after that, simply walking beside him in silence.

"You're being very mean, Gabriel," he said and she giggled.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she replied and he could see the smile on her face getting wider. Even he could put two and two together. He wasn't that socially obtuse. "So…"

"Did I do something to make you angry?" he asked, almost whining, and he wasn't even ashamed of that fact. To that, she giggled again, but at least she didn't keep the silence going, so that was a plus, he supposed.

"I'm just in a good mood, I guess," she commented and he smiled despite his growing awkwardness. "I love you."

"I love you too."


[}-o-{]
​

Eventually, however, they did make their way towards where the rest of the Seraphs were waiting and Joshua had the feeling that they really had been waiting. As in, Joshua and Gabriel had kept them waiting. He'd have felt sorry or even worried, but that was all on his partner and he was not taking the blame for that. He'd gotten there at the time Gabriel told him to and he'd followed along with her, so it was all completely on her if they were late.

Not that he expected any of the three angels would take that as a good excuse, but still.

He was innocent.

"Finally," Uriel grumbled and Joshua kind of lamented the loss of some points with him. Then again, he rather doubted the Seraph would ever like him, so it wasn't a terrible loss, he supposed. And if Gabriel was happy delaying and such, then he'd do what she wanted.

Was he whipped? Certainly.

He didn't think anyone would blame him for that, all things considered.

"Sorry," he said, not quite shrugging, but he considered it. "Got a little sidetracked," he explained and he heard Gabriel stifle a giggle from beside him. And if he noticed, the other three definitely did, which was probably the reason why Uriel's expression twitched. "So, what are we working on today?"

That seemed to be enough to set off Raphael and a moment later Michael. Gabriel and Uriel, like usual, settled off to one side of the table to just listen and chime in here and there. For the most part, the two of them didn't usually have much to add to the conversations, but they still were there. Joshua wasn't complaining about having Gabriel there, at all, but he could have done without the grumpy one, admittedly.

All the same, he focused on work and that helped him calm down, at least. It was a little awkward at times, for sure, but he was good at turning his brain into research-mode and that was something that the discussions very much allowed. Raphael being kind of similar-minded to him helped too, even if it was also exhausting in an entirely different way.

Unfortunately, the topic of the day was one that made things extra hard for Joshua. Because apparently they were discussing the Lust restrictions on the System and it was very awkward to do that with Gabriel's brothers. And he couldn't decide if the fact that Gabriel herself was in the room helped or not. Uriel was just the cherry on top of the awkward cake, honestly.

At least his partner was benevolent enough to help him out, getting him a cup of tea.

He was still very much looking forward to being done with it all. The only reason he didn't try to cut things short was that… Well, they would have to get through that eventually, and he had a vested interest in it being sooner rather than later. Gabriel falling during one of their dates would suck, after all, and he didn't like the idea of possibly making an enemy out of Heaven when he inevitably pulled on his control of the System to fix that.

"I think we can actually get some things tweaked today," Raphael said and Joshua narrowed his eyes. Because he could understand him being in a hurry, or even Gabriel. But Michael? Raphael? Uriel? Those made less sense, because he had it on good authority that they were very much single, and he rather doubted they wanted to rush for some one-night stands.

Then again, it was the DxD world that they were talking about, so…

"If you're sure…" Joshua replied tentatively, looking between all of the Seraphs and trying to see if he was missing something. It was Michael that seemed to decide to just explain things to him, a weary smile on his face.

"I think it's no secret that our faction is the smallest of the three, Joshua," was all he said, and that was very much an explanation, he supposed. He just… hadn't really thought about that much, considering the faction seemed fine. Then again, he guessed it was difficult for them not to look like that, considering they were… Well, Heaven, and angels and all that. They were probably contractually obligated to look all kinds of nice… as it were. "Our people have been under harsh restrictions for way too long, which hasn't helped. So, we're all rather eager to ease things at least a little," the leader of the faction explained further and he nodded slowly.

Now that he was looking further away than his own situation, Joshua could see a little more. Like what Michael wasn't saying. Because he was pretty sure the Seraph was implying that Lust might be the Sin – or one of the Sins, at least – that got the most angels to fall. If they could cut down on that, and maybe increase the chances of the numbers of their faction going up, then it was all wins for them.

That was… interesting to think about.

Still awkward though.

"Well… what do you want me to do?" he asked, because ultimately, he'd do whatever they wanted. He might have the power, but he'd rather not have the responsibility. If he could have made Michael an Administrator, he would have, in all honesty. He didn't know their faction as well as they did, not even close, and he was a human like any other. Joshua was no saint and he was very aware of that fact, so he'd rather not make decisions for a faction such as Heaven.

All Seraphs smiled at that, Gabriel wider than most while Uriel was still somewhat scowling somehow.

They got to work though, making small adjustments here and there that Joshua could barely understand. Much as he could read and comprehend the system, there was a lot that kind of went over his head still, because he just lacked the context and adjacent knowledge necessary. Another reason why he'd decided to just trust Raphael and Michael, really.

Surprisingly, it didn't take much time at all, but that was probably because the two angels had probably gotten most of the prep-work necessary out of the way before he even dropped by.

"I think that's enough," Michael commented, a pleased smile on his face. "It probably doesn't seem like much, but it's a huge step for us," he added, turning to look at Joshua fully. "Thank you, Joshua."

"Don't mention it," he replied with a smile of his own. "Happy to help," he added… before a hand grabbed his arm and all but pulled him to his feet.

"Now, if you'll excuse us, we had plans to visit a garden," Gabriel said, all beaming smiles… But Joshua didn't miss the way her brothers' expressions turned awkward… and a little scared.

He didn't even have time to ponder on that though, because was suddenly standing in the middle of Asia's garden.

He didn't get to look at it either though, because Gabriel's lips stole his whole attention immediately.

Suddenly, several things were making a lot of sense, he had to admit, not that he had a lot of presence of mind to notice until later.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well…

That happened.

I'll be honest. I didn't expect Gabriel and Heaven and such to take up so much of the chapter. It was originally just going to be like… 1k words? Which is to say about a quarter of a chapter. Yet here we are, I guess.

Once more, my plans have been thrown out the window.

And it makes the first part kind of awkward, because it stands out as very different from the rest of the chapter… Oh well. Ophis parts always feel awkward anyway, at least to me. Guess it's fine… probably.

With that said, hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you use sweeteners with your drink of choice? I use sugar with my tea (sometimes honey if I've got a sore throat or something, but usually not even then), but I drink my coffee as is unless it's particularly bitter for whatever reason. Is that contradictory? I feel like it is.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 137 others
Adrian King
Mar 31, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 232 - Been Feeling This Shadow New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 7, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,512
Been Feeling This Shadow

[Joshua Davis]

"This is annoying, somehow," Serafall commented, eyes narrowed and lips pursed. Beside her, Yasaka rolled her eyes. "Why is it annoying?"

"I don't know," Gabriel answered, all smiles in a way that was making Joshua feel kind of awkward in a way that he thought he wasn't going to have to deal with again… much. "But I'm sure it's fine," the angel added, somehow smiling wider and more warmly, which was an achievement of its own, really.

"Are you sure you two didn't f-?"

"Serafall," Yakasa interrupted and she didn't even need to look at Kunou for them all to be aware of the kid's presence at the breakfast table. Jeanne was, as usual, looking on with immense amusement, while Asia didn't know what to do or where to look, apparently. Probably didn't help that the nun had been walking through the garden when Gabriel and him had gotten a little carried away. Joshua was starting to seriously consider sending them to have breakfast somewhere else rather than there, if only to make things less awkward.

Having the whole family share breakfast was great… but only when his sex life wasn't something that was all but on display.

"You guys know that I know what s-?"

"Finish that. I dare you," Joshua said, turning to level Kunou with a flat stare. "You're not going to be spell tinkering for a year," he added and the girl paled before nodding and looking down at her plate, very intently avoiding so much as looking at the rest of them. "Good," he muttered, sighing as he turned towards his partners. "Can we talk about literally anything else?" he asked.

Pleaded, more like, but still.

"What's everyone doing today?" he decided to add after a second, because he had a feeling that nobody was going to volunteer a topic and he was that desperate to stop so much as thinking about the previous one.

"The girls from the Kendo Club wanted to go shopping," Jeanne answered, almost making it sound like a question though. Joshua just nodded, because it wasn't like he had to give her money or anything. His sister could be a little shit at times, but she wasn't an idiot. So, he gave her an allowance, sometimes with a little extra if she helped at the cafe, and it was more than enough for her.

So far, she hadn't done anything stupid with it.

"Gonna get anything in particular?" he asked, grateful for the chance to focus on anything else. He hadn't expected that from Jeanne – she usually liked to see him suffer for entertainment –, but he wasn't complaining. Glancing at his partners, he knew things weren't over. He wasn't entirely sure what the issue was though. Serafall had some sort of competition thing going with Gabriel, but still. That was a little extreme a reaction.

And no, they had really not fucked.

The allowances he'd helped with didn't go that far. At least not safely. It wasn't like angels couldn't do that, even before, but it was a risky process and Gabriel and him had decided not to push their luck. Which made him want to work on his project in that regard all the more.

Sadly, it'd been pushed to the side as he continued to study Heaven's System with Raphael and Michael. What neither of those angels knew though was that the entire process was helping him learn more about how it all worked. It'd make the creation of a blindspot all the easier. Unfortunately, it was going to be far from easy, same as making something that would help Yasaka be able to leave Kyoto and explore the world safely.

Serafall really didn't have much to complain about, really.

Which was why he found himself alone with her, to ask her about it. Because if he'd noticed, then he really needed to do something about it. It had to be bad, evidently. Fortunately, Yasaka and Gabriel hadn't minded much when he pulled Serafall aside.

"It's nothing," the Satan answered when he questioned her about her attitude. She was also pouting, which didn't help her at all. So, he just raised his eyebrow at her. "Ok, it's not nothing. It's just stupid," she added with a sigh. "Can we not?"

"I mean, if you really don't want to," he answered, giving her a somewhat unsure smile. "If something is bothering you, I don't want to just ignore it though," he added and she gave him a helpless smile.

"You're unfair sometimes, Josh."

"Right back at you," he replied and both their smiles became that little bit more true, more fond. "So…"

"Did you know one of my strongest Sins is Envy?" she asked out of nowhere and he had to pause for a second to process that. As he did though, he only found himself more confused. Why would she envy Gabriel? It didn't really make sense to him, at all. "I envy Sirzechs and Ajuka's strength. I envy other people's freedom, when I'm stuck being a Satan. I envied Yasaka for a long time, because she had it so easy getting close to you. And now… I envy Gabriel for being so… so happy. I feel like she's enjoying something I didn't, somehow," she explained, a surprisingly vulnerable expression on her face as she did so.

"... I mean…" he started, thinking things through as best he could without taking too long, which was one of the reasons social settings weren't his thing. He had to do it anyway though, because Serafall looked genuinely upset. "It is different for her, but that's because she – and the rest of the angels, really – have had to live holding back a lot. She got to let loose a little and that's probably why she was so happy. In a way, I guess you'd be right, but-"

"But it wasn't because of you, not entirely," she finished for him, voice dropping as she stepped forward and dropped her head against his chest. "I… Why didn't I think of that?" she asked, more to herself than to him. So, he just settled for hugging her. "Now I feel silly."

"Would it help if I said is this much more what I expected when I somehow ended up in a relationship with three women?" Joshua asked with a slight smile.

"Unreasonable jealousy?"

"Nothing unreasonable about it," he replied, resting his chin on top of her head. "I can't imagine how jealous I'd be if the situation was reversed somehow. I don't think I could be in that position." It was terrible of him to think, he knew, but Joshua was sure he wouldn't have been able to deal with that if it had come to it. Maybe because he wasn't a local and he didn't have the DxD common sense ingrained in his brain or something, but he just… couldn't.

"I guess you're greedy where I'm envious, huh?" Serafall commented, because of course she could read his mind through his words somehow. He wasn't sure why he could hear a smile in her voice, even though it was muffled by his shirt.

"I guess so," he agreed, happy that she seemed to feel better. He wasn't sure if what he'd said was right at all, but it seemed to have worked somehow, so he wasn't going to question it much. Sometimes, social interactions just were like that. People hardly ever made sense, even when he knew them. Fortunately, he didn't seem terrible at dealing with them anyway.

Even if he had no idea what he was doing half the time.


[}-o-{]
​

"Must you act so…" Sona said, exasperation clear in her voice. "... undignified, sister?" she finished with, sighing and adjusting her glasses ever so slightly.

Not that Serafall was paying too much attention. The Satan was too busy giggling as she rested her back on his arm, sitting sideways. Joshua himself wasn't minding either of them too much besides enjoying the weight of his partner on his side. He had a notebook in hand and a project to work on, after all, so there was really no need to be bothered.

Serafall was also in a much better mood, so he didn't mind her sticking around. It didn't hurt that she wasn't distracting him as much as he'd feared. She seemed content to just be by his side and he was more than happy to let her.

"Can you switch back to mist again, Sona?" he asked, flipping a few pages on his notebook. Idly, he wondered if it was obvious that he was trying to divert the attention of the younger Sitri sister. Ultimately, the girl was too polite and serious to do anything other than listen to him. It helped that she felt pretty indebted to him after he'd started backing her school project.

"Of course, Joshua," she replied and she somehow made his name sound like she was actually saying "Mr. Davis". It was kind of impressive that she managed to do that, actually. "Any way in particular?"

"Just what comes naturally. We can push things some other time when I have a better idea of how your power works," he answered, closing his eyes to focus on his other senses as the girl did as he asked.

The Sitri, funnily enough, had a very similar power to the Leviathan. However, the latters had the Power of Sea, which allowed them to not only control water but also some strange kind of marine-based biokinesis. The incomplete nature of Katerea's power was making things difficult to understand on that front, but so far he'd narrowed it down as them being able to imitate sea creatures with their bodies… in a very extreme way and pushing it all the way past any sort of "natural" benchmarks.

Like Katerea's use of it during their battle, when she overpowered herself with Ophis's boost and then became an eldritch horror of tentacles.

The Sitri, on the other hand, had Power of Flow… which was the river to the Leviathan's sea. Where the Satan clan seemed to have their focus on everything regarding the sea rather than just the water, the Sitri's everything was dedicated to water. Mist, snow, ice – which kind of went against the naming of the Power, but he didn't ask about that –, water, all of it was what they could work with. Moreover, he had suspicions that they could use it on any liquid, rather than just water. He didn't have any proof, but he also hadn't asked yet.

If they did, then they were keeping it under wraps and he could offer them the courtesy of turning a blind eye to that.

They were going to be his in-laws eventually, most likely, so he had a good incentive to be on good terms with them.

"Thank you," he said absently as he started taking notes on what he was picking up from Sona's use of her Power. The main ideas he had in regards to how to use the data on Flow was for managing his magic reserves and the magic that resided in his spells and arrays. Maybe he could make it all more efficient or fast, or both.

Not much else he could do with that, he supposed. There was an idle idea of using that with stuff like his sand-form when he was using Set's blessing or channeling the god, but that was… Useful, yes, but also a little underwhelming. He'd rather have stuff that he could use to not have to fight at all, really. It was a good idea though, he supposed, so he might as well try and use that.

It wasn't what he was looking for though.

"Say, Sona," he called, taking a deep breath in. He'd have stretched a little, but Serafall was still pressing against his side, unfortunately. "Do you know anyone that'd be able to help Ravel with her duties? She has a little too much on her plate these days," he commented and the youngest Sitri blinked before the gears started turning in her head.

Was it hypocritical of him to say something like that? Extremely so, but there was quite literally nobody else that could help him except Friday. The spell was already helping him as much as she could too, so… There was nothing to do about it.

He could have made more living spells, he supposed, but that'd have… It didn't sit well with him. After seeing Friday quite literally come to life, he felt bad about just… creating more like her just to help him work. It was basically treating sapient beings like tools and that just sounded plain wrong to him.

He already felt bad about how Friday had come to be, if he were honest.

"I can think of a few," Sona commented and Joshua noticed how Serafall had stopped whatever it was that she'd been doing to turn to look at her sister too. "Should I coordinate with Ms. Phenex?" the girl asked and Joshua smiled.

"Please. And make sure she actually tries to find someone, will you?" he asked and the girl nodded. She looked entirely too serious doing that, but that wasn't really a bad trait to have, he supposed. A little amusing at times, but that was better than other approaches she could have to life.

A finger poked his cheek then.

"I thought I was going to help her with that?" Serafall asked and he could hear the pout on her face.

"I mean, you have been doing that, haven't you? I just figured you had better things to do with your time, and that Sona would appreciate helping me out as a way to repay her debt and what not," he reasoned with a half-smile.

"Finding little Ravel some help is much better than anything else I have to do though!" she whined and he grinned even wider.

"Better than going on a date with me tonight?" he asked and that seemed to snap the Satan out of her funk immediately.

"Where?"

"Well, there was that restaurant you mentioned the other day, the one an Agreas-"

"What are we waiting for?!" she exclaimed, already going to stand up.

"To finish here and get ready? You do know it's afternoon, not night, right?" he asked and she paused.

"Oh."

"You're having a day of all time, huh?"

"Shut up! It's your fault for being so nice and comfy!"


[}-o-{]
​

[Carmilla Karnstein]

She thought they might have escaped notice.

She thought that maybe, just maybe, they'd disappeared from everyone's radar. That would have been an ideal scenario and she'd quite enjoyed the delusion. It was time that she'd had to put together the remnants of her faction… and the dredges of the Tepes faction. It was a mess unlike anything that she'd had to deal with in her life, but at least the future was promising.

That is, until Joshua Davis decided that a surprise visit was warranted.

"I take it things are going well? We haven't heard from you in a while," the man commented, looking almost bored. If anything, he seemed more interested in the selection of snacks offered to him with his tea than the conversation. Yet, what he was saying…

'You didn't forget about us, right?' she heard in her head, her mind translating the words almost instantly. 'You haven't forgotten that all this is because of us, right?' her brain added as she watched him pick up a pastry and take a bite out of it while turning his attention back to her.

"I'm sorry," she said almost instantly, barely keeping her voice from cracking. "Things have been hectic while we try to get our feet under us," she tried… and then she saw the tiny girl beside Davis write down something in her notebook and she felt her unease grow.

The smile on the Phenex's face wasn't helping.

"I see," the magician commented, leaning back and taking a sip from his tea. "Well, if you need any help, let us know," he added and he offered her what could have been called a kind smile. That is, if it weren't for the context.

'Do I need to do more for you?' he seemed to ask. 'I don't mind, but can you afford that?'

"We'll manage, Lord Davis," she replied, bowing her head a little, even if it stung her pride to do so. "We appreciate the offer, however."

"Well, so long as you're not struggling," the man told her and she held herself back from reacting to the subtle insult. "As it is, we didn't come here to check on you, not really."

'You're not important enough for us to bother,' she heard in her head and she gnashed her teeth.

"We're here for you to pay us back," he said and the devil by his side cleared her throat. "At least a little," he added, for good measure, as if she weren't aware of that. If it were anyone else sitting across from her, she might have had to exercise more control to have so much patience and restraint…

But it was Joshua Davis.

She knew the man could end them all if he felt like it. And that was by himself too, improvising some spells on the fly. If he had time, he probably wouldn't even have to try. If he brought his people over, then they would be finished without him having to so much as cast a spell.

"What can I do for you, Lord Davis?" Carmilla asked and it galled her, to act so subservient, but this was the man that had annihilated the opposition for her faction. She better lower her head if she didn't want her faction to join those fallen in their last battle… if it could be called that.

"Do you have a particularly bad Tepes member that you really don't like?" he asked and she blinked. Not only because of the exceedingly strange request coming out of nowhere. But also because there was a shift in his eyes. Where before he seemed bored, disinterested even, there was a shine then, one that unnerved her to no end. Suddenly, the last thing she wanted was to be on the receiving end of that.

Carmilla wasn't sure why, but she felt like that was a spot she never wanted to be in and she found herself very grateful that it was directed at someone she'd been enemies with.

"I'm sure I can find someone," she answered, gulping as she started going over the prisoners from the Tepes faction. Some of them had been added to their numbers – because there were entirely too few vampires in her own faction to maintain any kind of power by themselves, mainly –, but there had been those that had been too troublesome to do that with. There was also the fact that Davis himself had spoken against just killing them all, which she had easily agreed to for the aforementioned reasons, and also in favor of taking them in and making a single faction.

She'd been a little reluctant about that part, but Phenex had been breathing down her neck ever since, so she'd had to do as she was told.

"Glad to hear that," Davis replied and the smile he gave her was borderline predatory. It made her want to run away. As it was, however, she had to settle for swiftly leaving to find the man's vampire for… for whatever it was that he wanted one, really.

The giggle of the Phenex girl was insulting, but Carmilla couldn't find it in herself to care.

Especially about half an hour later, as she watched Joshua Davis take a vampire and start analysing their soul. She watched as a member of her species wailed and thrashed helplessly under the "care" of a man with no mercy. She watched a vampire that had been proud and strong mere minutes before be undone, reduced to a crying, begging mess.

And she realized, with dread filling her chest, the kind of being that she'd all but sold her immortal soul to.


[}-o-{]
​

[Joshua Davis]

'Might be more tricky than I thought,' he mused to himself.

It had struck him while trying to apply what he was learning from the devils to Valerie's… situation. Calling it a project felt wrong even in his head, for some reason. More precisely, he'd been trying to see if he could apply Flow to better find whatever part of Valerie was missing… and after taking one too many looks into soul stuff, alternating between all the different beings that he'd gotten a look at…

He realized that maybe what he needed was a closer look at stuff similar to Valerie's soul, something that might help figure out what was missing. Unfortunately, the only other dhampir that he had access to was Gasper… or he could have access to him if he really needed to. However, poking the guy's soul like he needed in order to be effective was… harsh and he'd rather not.

If there were no other way, then maybe.

As it was, Joshua would start a little smaller. First, he'd take a good look at a regular vampire's soul. Then, he'd pull some strings to find a shitty dhampir somewhere in the world and deal with them. Preferably, one with a Sacred Gear would be even better, but he didn't know how picky he could be. Maybe he could shove a Sacred Gear into whoever he ended up getting his hands on?

'That's an idea,' he mused to himself, jotting down that plan just in case.

"Is this… a bad time?" a voice hesitantly said and he blinked, looking up. There stood Koneko, half hidden behind the partially open door and looking off to the side instead of at him. "I just… felt like visiting."

"Weren't you going to spend time with your sister today?" He was sure of that too, since Kuroka hadn't shut up about that for a good hour when they'd been training. "Did she do something?"

"No… not really," Koneko answered with a slight shrug. 'That's not an actual no,' he noted to himself, deciding that he'd have a chat with the older nekoshou. "It's just… a bad day."

"Want to talk about it?" Joshua asked, setting down his pencil and his notebook. He'd continue that later. He couldn't very well just turn away from Koneko when she looked that upset, after all. Admittedly, he'd rather not, because talking and comforting was stressful, but alas… Sometimes there was no avoiding it, he'd learned.

"Not really?" she answered, looking like she shuffled on her feet a little. He couldn't see well, since she was half hiding. Either way, he tried not to sigh in relief at that response, because that simplified things for him quite a bit.

"Want a cup of tea?" he offered then and that, the nekoshou seemed to consider for a long moment before giving a hesitant nod. He smiled then, sending a quick request to Friday, who happily got Fuyuko to help her out with that. She was still learning to make a decent tea, sadly.

"... What are you working on?" the girl asked, glancing at his now abandoned notebook.

"Just something while I wait for everyone else," he answered, not because he wanted to make Valerie's situation lesser, but because he imagined Koneko wouldn't feel better knowing he was putting that off for her. He wasn't that socially inept… most of the time… maybe? "Now that you're here, maybe we can tinker something together, yeah? Like something for the flying game, or maybe a card or two," he offered with a slight smile.

Joshua was very pleased to see some life come back to her golden eyes at that.

It made him feel like a complete winner in life, just like that.

So, the two of them started brainstorming card ideas like that, nothing was actually done, but they had fun nevertheless. Or Joshua thought they did, at least. He was pretty sure he'd caught Koneko almost smiling once or twice, which was huge, far as he was concerned.

Eventually though, two empty tea cups later, she seemed to have regained some of her confidence.

"I had a bad day," she admitted a bit out of nowhere, fidgeting with a card they'd been using as an example. "I was going to visit Kuroka and then… I just couldn't. I kept… remembering," she commented and Joshua did his best not to glance behind him, where he had long since noticed the presence of the other nekoshou.

Interestingly enough, she left at that moment and she hadn't even been there for that long.

Maybe she had decided not to eavesdrop for once.

"I miss them," Koneko mumbled, bringing his attention fully towards her once more. "Do you miss them?" she asked him. While she wasn't adding a lot of context to things, he was pretty sure he could put the pieces together all the same.

"Always," he answered with a sad smile. "I'll always miss my parents, I think. I have my bad days too, but… I guess I've learned to live with it. They are not coming back, but I take some comfort in the fact that… I think they'd be proud of me. I think they'd be happy for me," he explained as best he could and he could see the girl hanging onto his every word like they were a lifeline.

Very scary that, but somehow, he felt like he could manage.

"I think your mother would be proud of you, Koneko," he added, reaching to pat her head even as her eyes widened. "And I think she'd be happy for you," he told her. Because yes, her mother had made some questionable choices, but at least she'd tried and she'd cared in her own way.

As for her father… Well, Joshua almost wanted to see if he could get help from the gods related to death in order to give the guy a piece of his mind.

"You think so?" she asked, looking down.

"You're a good girl, Koneko. You study hard, you dedicate yourself, and you're well-behaved. Most importantly, you're nice and caring. You've also got people that care about you all around and you've managed to get a nice life for yourself," he listed, and he smiled a little wider when he saw her blush a little under the praise. "What could she be other than proud and happy for you?"

She remained silent after that, fidgeting with the card between her fingers. Joshua let her though, pulling his hand back and just giving her time. That is, until she leaned onto his side, resting her head on his arm.

"Thank you."


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm a little unsure about that first part, I'll admit. I'm not sure if my muse just tripped over herself a little or I didn't manage to write it well enough. Both could be an option too, I suppose.

At least everything else looks good to me, so I guess I'll take comfort in that.

Regardless, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Apples or pears? I prefer apples myself.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Sleepy Goblin and 121 others
Adrian King
Apr 7, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 233 - None of Us Are Out Here on Our Own New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,524
None of Us Are Out Here on Our Own

Joshua was feeling his patience and his general calm tested.

The days were passing and little by little, he felt them more and more. Because every day that passed was a day in which Khaos Brigade could unleash their particular brand of madness upon the world. He was kind of surprised that there hadn't been some Evil Dragon attack somewhere in the world already by that point. Surprised, but not complaining, obviously.

However, the peace was unnerving on its own.

Because the terrorist group hadn't just randomly decided to retire, obviously. So, that meant they were out there, plotting, preparing. And nobody knew how dangerous that was better than Joshua himself. Granted, he was working on things on his end too… but he was more than anything working on Ophis' Silence and on finding Khaos. If he didn't find them before they came to find him in turn, then that was basically giving them the upper hand.

It was a shit position to be in, and he knew it. However, there was little he could do. It was either that or try to wait for them to make the first move. It was an option. He could just give up finding them and prepare defenses and countermeasures for anything he could think of, like Evil Dragons. However, what if they came at him from a direction he didn't expect, in a way that he wasn't ready for? Furthermore, even if he was prepared for whatever they did, who was to say that they wouldn't achieve whatever it was they wanted before he could stop them? Or even just cause a lot of damage before that happened?

No, letting Khaos do whatever they wanted was a terrible idea, at least far as he was concerned.

'I have to find them,' he told himself. Granted, that decision, that resolution, wasn't helping him achieve anything any faster, but it solidified his choice the smallest bit. It pushed the voices telling him to just focus on his protections and traps a little bit.

"Looks like you're thinking pretty hard there," Jeanne commented and he looked up to see her with a tub of ice cream in her hands. He hadn't even realized she had come back home. "And you're not actually working on anything, by the looks of it," she added, pointing at him with the spoon. She wasn't wrong about that, he supposed, since he'd spent the last few minutes going on a tangent, which wasn't particularly new.

Except this time it wasn't an idea tangent, so there were no notes being taken.

"Why the ice cream?" he asked, very obviously changing topics. Jeanne didn't seem to mind though, shrugging.

"Why not?" she asked back… and he didn't have a response to that. So, they sat there for a long moment. "Kiba's gonna go through a promotion to Middle Class," she commented and he raised an eyebrow. That sounded like a good thing to him. Although, High Class was when you got your peerage pieces. Was Jeanne worried the guy would pull an Issei?

Because if he did and Jeanne was upset, then Joshua would have to see about removing Kiba's ability to do much of anything.

"He has to prepare for that. Study more, train more," Jeanne commented and that reassured him a little bit. He made a mental note to talk with the guy though, just in case. "That's less time he'll spend with me."

"Is it? Don't you guys have training dates and stuff?" he asked, leaning back. "Besides, you could study with him, right?"

"It's not like school exams, Joshua," she huffed, rolling her eyes and all. He looked at her distinctly unimpressed as she did that. Sometimes, he missed the shy girl Jeanne had once been. Sometimes, he also forgot that she was, indeed, a teenager.

"I guess you're not very serious about the guy then," he commented, looking down at his notes and faking working on something. Jeanne might have changed a lot, but that didn't mean he didn't know her. And if he knew her half as well as he thought he did, then-

"What do you mean?" she asked and he could hear the frown on her face. Joshua had to make an effort not to smile.

"I mean, if you're gonna stick with the guy for the long run, then knowing about devil stuff just makes sense, doesn't it?" he asked, idly, casually, like it was any other topic and it wasn't all that important. There was a long, drawn out moment of silence that followed his words, although he could almost hear the gears turning in his sister's brain. "It's fine if you don't want to," he added, because he was having a little fun, he supposed.

As was his brotherly duty, after all.

He almost chuckled when he heard her take out her phone and the soft tapping of her writing what was probably a message.

"Nevermind that," Jeanne commented, but she sounded in a lot better spirits already which Joshua took as a win. She was probably feeling a little silly though, for not having thought about what he said herself. Which was probably why she decided to pivot into a different topic. "Working on something complicated?"

"When am I not?" he asked, a little helplessly.

What he wouldn't give to be able to work on something easy and irrelevant for once, but alas…

"What's this one about?"

"Valerie's thing. Finding where the rest of her Gear is. That's the only clue I have to find Khaos Brigade with," he explained, taking a deep breath in and holding back a sigh. "Soul stuff will never not be a mess though, evidently, and I have my doubts if even they knew what they were doing."

"Too bad you can't ask Agnes to run a few errands and call favors, huh?" she asked and he chuckled. House of Water was handy, for sure, and it was also growing very powerful. But a magician association could only do so much. "I'd offer to make a sword, but…" But she'd already tried, even if she didn't think he knew. Every other time he had a project, she'd try to make a sword that'd help. Sometimes, she had partial successes and sometimes they were even useful to push whatever research he was conducting.

More often than not though, she ran into the issue of not having enough power to fuel whatever sword she wanted. And, unfortunately, Sacred Gears were more complicated in how they were fueled than simple magic energy, even if it also used that. So, Joshua couldn't just set up an array that'd push Jeanne to make better swords. Or, he could, but it only reached so far.

"It's fine. I'm cursed not to have free time, evidently. I can't wait for it all to be over and be able to sit back and let Ravel do her thing," he commented with a grin, drawing a smile from his sister. That is, before the pieces of the conversation shifted ever so slightly in his head and he blinked, face falling flat.

"Joshua?"

"Say, remember that you wanted to go visit places connected to the original Jeanne?" he asked and it was her turn to blink, that time with confusion. "You're going."

"There's a reason I didn't go, Josh. I wanted to go with Kib and he can't-"

"You're going," he insisted, his mind already getting away from him a little. "Gabriel will make it happen, don't worry. I have something to do," he said, standing up and leaving a very confused sister in his wake.

God, he loved her, even if she was a handful at times.

The idea she had just given him certainly helped too.


[}-o-{]
​

"Hey, Ravel, sorry for calling you when you're taking time off, but-" Joshua greeted before pausing and blinking at the gathering of girls that had apparently teleported with the Phenex. One of which was Sona too, which was also a surprise. The other two, he didn't know, although the older one looked to be about the same age as Sona and Rias, and struck him as slightly familiar, even if he couldn't place where he'd seen her.

The younger girl, however, he definitely didn't know. She seemed to be at least close to Ravel's age, so that could explain things a little. She was also giving him strong flashbacks of how the Phenex used to be, and still was, half the time, what with the flat and serious expression she wore. As if someone had taken a lawyer or an accountant and placed them in the body of a kid.

""Mr. Davis,"" both girls said immediately as they straightened and then bowed. Joshua, for his part, stared at them for a long second before turning his head towards Ravel and Sona. Predictably, it was the former that gave an answer to his unasked question.

"Mr. Davis," she greeted, beaming at him. Although, he did notice a tinge of nerves in her expression and she seemed to have trouble looking at him. "These are Iryuka Glasya-Labolas and Seekvaira Agares."

"Huh, I knew I remembered you from somewhere," he said and the older girl stiffened. "You were at the Devil Youth event thing."

"The Young Devil Gathering," Ravel corrected, but that wasn't really the point. He was more interested in the way Agares reacted to the words, like she wanted to make herself small or even disappear. Which was hilariously impossible, seeing as she was the tallest of the four girls.

"Hm, your recruits, I'm guessing?" Joshua asked and Ravel beamed while Sona pushed her glasses up, as if preparing herself. "Neat, how soon can you start?" he added, and the Sitri girl's brain seemed to stumble at his words. She did a double-take immediately before visibly leaning back, as if trying to deal with a sudden shock.

"I can start immediately, Mr. Davis," the younger girl, Iryka – 'That was her name, right?' – replied without even missing a beat. Seekvaira seemed to take a few more seconds to pull herself together and give much the same answer. He didn't blame her for that. She seemed to be processing something when he dropped the question already, after all.

"Great. Ravel, how quickly can you have them take over most of your duties?" he asked then and by then the Phenex girl was realizing that something was going on, because her pride and excitement disappeared, replaced by her usual reliable professionalism. He still found it very odd and somewhat off putting, to see a girl that young do that, but he'd learned that it was just part of Ravel.

He was even guessing that… Iruka?... the other girl was going to be more of the same.

What was it with Devil little girls growing up like that? Was Rias just a huge exception or what? Evidently, that was probably the case, because otherwise he didn't know what was even going on in those households.

"I can get them started right away myself," Ravel answered, visibly switching to secretary mode. He was surprised she hadn't- 'Nevermind,' he thought, somewhat amused as the Phenex took out a notepad from a Storage Space. "They should be able to start taking over some of my duties relatively soon if you don't mind putting them to the test quicker. I could divide things between them. If you need me to do something immediately, I can see about helping them do their side of things while I do mine, Mr. Davis."

"... One of you gotta remind me to do something extra nice for Serafall," he commented and he raised an eyebrow when Ravel nodded and made a note of that. Then she paused, turned towards the other two girls, who had nodded along with her. Ravel frowned for a long moment before waving her hand and making two notebooks appear in front of them, together with pens.

It was a little amusing, to see the three of them standing there, taking notes. It reminded him of his classes at House of Water, in a way, except he was very aware of the huge differences between both things. All the same, he didn't dwell on that too much, because he had an idea and he needed to get that out of the way quickly.

"Great, so, you can start with that then, Ravel," he said, taking a deep breath in. "I need everyone here to explain an idea I just had, especially Serafall and Gabriel," he added and Seekvaira straightened once more while the younger girl's eyes widened. The Phenex, for her part, narrowed her eyes and he could almost see the sparks flying in her brain as she tried to figure out what was going through his head. "Focus on your thing," he told her, tapping her forehead with his finger so that she'd snap out of it. "And you, Sona," he continued, pausing when he saw the girl stand at attention as if she were working for him too. "I'm guessing you brought Seekvaira to Ravel?"

"Yes…" she answered immediately and he was pretty sure she'd been about to say something else before stopping herself. Then she said something different instead. "Are you sure you want to have them start so soon? You haven't talked to them at all, you don't know if they are capable of doing the job."

"Ravel is the one that's been doing the job so far and she's done a magnificent job at that," he replied with a smile that only widened when he saw how pleased the Phenex looked at his words. "She knows better than me what someone else needs to be capable of doing. If she thinks they're good, then they're good."

"I… see," Sona said slowly, as if she couldn't quite wrap her head around that.

"Also, thanks for helping her out," he added, patting the Phenex's head.

"Mr. Davis!" the girl whined, but he paid her no mind. "How am I supposed to get them to listen to me if you do this kind of thing?!" she protested but he paid her no mind. Instead, he was keeping his eyes – or the corner of them, at least – on the two new additions to his life.

Seekvaira and Irykya didn't seem to know quite what to do at that moment, but that was fine. And if a little informality was enough to make them disrespect Ravel, then he'd deal with that… and them. They seemed to be smart girls, and they had to be to pass both Sona's and Ravel's standards. So, Joshua was optimistic about them.

Besides, it wasn't like they'd be doing anything too important.

That'd still be on Ravel.


[}-o-{]
​

"Dad?"

"Yeah?" he asked, leaning back and watching as his familiars and Kunou played some strange game of tag. They were all going pretty strongly about it though, using their abilities and such. Joshua was pretty sure Kunou hadn't used the barrier Artificial Sacred Gear she'd gotten from Penemue nearly as much when training.

The power of games, he supposed.

"Why is Kuroka upset?" his daughter asked, having moved to stand in front of him and using her barriers to keep the rest of the familiars away from her while they chatted so that she wouldn't lose. And if Friday was helping her power the things a little and using the spell arrays of the house for good measure, Joshua wasn't going to snitch.

"Because eavesdropping is bad, and eavesdropping half a conversation is worse," he explained and his daughter paused, considering that. "If you only hear half a conversation, don't assume that's all there is to it, yeah? Because the part you missed might change anything you heard into something completely different," he added and she nodded slowly.

"I see… Are you gonna help her?" Kunou asked and he thought that over. He had meant to talk to Kuroka, but… Well, he'd gotten distracted and then he'd forgotten. In his defense, it wasn't his fault that she'd eavesdropped in the first place.

At the end of the day though…

"Yeah, I guess," he replied, glancing to the side, where Kuroka was training together with Raynare, Georg and Kokabiel.

"Good," Kunou said with a nod. "I can feel how upset she is from here," she added before beaming at him. "Good luck!" And then she turned and skipped back to where she'd been playing.

Sometimes, he thought Serafall was a terrible influence on his kid.

Or maybe Jeanne was.

Or both.

"Oh well," he muttered to himself before deflating and looking up. It'd be a bit before Gabriel was finished with whatever it was that she'd said she needed time to deal with. Serafall and Yasaka were already there, but since he didn't want to have to explain things twice – nor did he want to leave someone out for even a little bit –, he'd decided he might as well kill a bit of time and spend it with his daughters. Besides, he could use a bit of extra time to organize his idea and just go over it in his head.

As it turned out, he was going to spend half that time doing that and the other half dealing with a mess related to one of his kind-of daughters. He wasn't sure if Koneko counted as one, admittedly, but that mostly because of her and what she might want out of her relationship with him. Far as he was concerned, it wasn't that much of a difference.

Although, he was a little concerned by how many children he had somehow ended up caring for.

"Kuroka," he called and all four individuals engaged in the spar stopped what they were doing. "Can we talk?" he asked, tilting his head to a corner that was less populated than the rest of the training area. Raynare, for her part, took advantage of the distraction and punched Kokabiel right in the face.

She was probably feeling great about that, he supposed, because she had most definitely not forgotten about what the man had done. Joshua sorely wanted to give her another pair of wings or two just so that she'd be even closer to the Cadre's level. As it was, she'd have to settle for being helped by his "equalizing" training arrays for the time being.

"Josh~ Did you need something from little ol' me?" Kuroka asked, skipping towards him and he just raised an eyebrow at her. She kept the act up like a champ though, wide smile and all.

"Even Kunou is worried about how upset you are," he commented and her expression turned brittle almost instantly. "And you're a dumb, dumb cat, you know? You can't just hear the worst half of a conversation and bail," he told her with a roll of his eyes.

"I think I heard quite enough," Kuroka replied, lowering her tone and her head.

"Evidently, you did not," Joshua said with a sigh. "She was feeling sad because she was thinking about her parents, not you and what you did." That seemed to immediately take some of the wind out of her sails, if the way her shoulders dropped was anything to go by.

"It was still me that reminded her," the nekoshou argued weakly.

"There's a part of me that feels sad when Kunou calls me dad, because I remember that my dad is forever lost to me," he confessed with a sad smile. "That doesn't mean I blame her for that, or that I want her to stop. I love her, and I love to hear her call me that," he explained and he could tell that Kuroka was paying close attention, even if she was trying to play it off, getting her act back up and even glancing around a bit. "Koneko loves you. Just let her, alright? If she has a problem with you, she'll leave, but don't push her and try not to misunderstand, yeah?"

"... I… Yeah, I'll… try," she replied, hesitantly, slowly. Neither was something that he was used to seeing in Kuroka, but such was life, full of surprises. "... Thank you."

"Thank Kunou. She pointed out that you were in a funk," he replied with a grin that she responded to with a smile.

"You're doing well with her… and with Koneko and Ravel."

"I try," he said with a nod, feeling somewhat proud. "That's all you need to do, most of the time."

Kuroka didn't say anything to that, but she did nod before taking a deep breath in and turning to go back to the spar, looking much more subdued.

Joshua hoped he'd helped, but he was feeling cautiously optimistic… Or maybe it was the fact that he thought he had a great idea and that'd cheered him up.

Either or, really.

'Speaking off…'


[}-o-{]
​

"So…" Yasaka started slowly, bringing her cup of tea to her lips for a sip, and Joshua prepared himself. Now that they were all there, he was suddenly decidedly less sure of how good his idea was. "What's this new idea and how crazy am I gonna think it is?" she asked. Although, contrary to what her words might have one think, she looked downright excited.

"Alright, so I was talking with Jeanne-"

"A Jeanne-inspired idea? Oh, this will be good," Serafall commented and while he was a little annoyed at the interruption… he couldn't really blame her. When he thought about it, he'd be just as skeptical. Nothing against Jeanne, but a decision maker, she was not. She had run away from home and ended up in the streets with nothing going in her favor… and would have ended in Khaos Brigade if not for Cheshire.

"I know," he replied wryly. "But the gist of it is that I'm not making that much progress trying to locate Khaos Brigade. And even tangential bases are getting more and more difficult to spot even with all of us working together… and with Grigori," he said, adding those last ones almost like an afterthought. Although, that was mostly because of how much Azazel annoyed him. Useless as Vali was as a spy, the rest of Grigori was doing a decent job as allies… for the most part.

Especially those days, for whatever reason.

He wasn't complaining.

"So, I thought we could add some extra help to our cause," he suggested, leaving it vague just to gauge how the three of them took things as he slowly presented the idea. He wanted to see if he was really going somewhere with his thoughts or if he'd just made a dumb idea sound good to himself.

"We have offered others to join this alliance, Joshua. It's just… everyone's dealing with it on their own and alliances are complicated. It's already a minor miracle that this one took form and half of it is held together because of you," Gabriel explained and he almost wanted to ask how she meant that. Was it held together because of Joshua himself or because of his relationships with the three of them.

Ultimately, that was a discussion for another time.

"Yes, but that's where we can change things up," he acknowledged before continuing. "We could make it less complicated. Make it simpler and convenient," he explained and then he was starting to see some interest in their eyes. Good, maybe he was actually on to something. "We can make it less of an alliance and more of a… transaction," Joshua said and they were definitely intrigued, he could tell.

Now came the part that had him the most nervous though and he glanced around the room, at Yasaka, at Serafall, at Gabriel, even at Ravel. That was far from comforting, the opposite in fact, but it did remind him somewhat that that was precisely why he was there. To run the idea past them so that they could shut it down if they thought it was stupid.

"What if we offer them something for their help," he stated. "What if I offer them something? Just like I cured the Devil's Sleep Disease and just like I'm giving angels extra wings… what if I offered other factions a deal just as good for their help?"


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm sure Joshua's idea won't have huge implications for people nor the world. What's the worst that could happen if you promise everyone a personalized miracle? That has to be a good thing and nothing else.

On the other hand, I'm sure Khaos Brigade won't suffer because of this.

Well, provided that Joshua's idea isn't shut down, but that'd be mean.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Been a bit since I asked how you're liking the story, right?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 129 others
Adrian King
Apr 14, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 234 - The Lunatics Have Taken over the Asylum New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 21, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,534
The Lunatics Have Taken over the Asylum

Surprisingly – or maybe not –, none of his three partners laughed nor did they scoff or otherwise show any negative opinions on his idea.

They did frown though, most of all Yasaka. Gabriel pulled back as she did, looking away from him and towards a random corner of the room. Serafall, instead, stared right at him, but her eyes seemed to have unfocused the smallest bit. All three of them remained silent then and there, and as the seconds passed, Joshua realized that they were considering his idea, rather than disapproving of it.

Somehow, that was worse.

All the same, he waited, taking a sip from his almost forgotten cup of tea.

He almost wanted to use that time to consider ideas for his… Well, idea. However, there was a real chance that it'd get rejected. So, instead, Joshua tried to focus on other projects and get some work done as the three women went over things. Tried being the operative word there, because his mind was barely on it. At least he did manage to get some things done, if only halfheartedly.

"I mean, it could work…?" Gabriel said hesitantly, not looking at him but at the other two. That seemed to snap them out of their thoughts too and Joshua saw them start trading looks between themselves. "It'd certainly get them moving…"

"Probably too much," Yasaka pointed out.

"Certainly," the angel replied. "But is that bad, considering everything?"

"Who would we even approach?" Serafall asked, frown deepening. "Would have to be careful who we empower if we do," she added and the other two nodded, acknowledging the point.

Joshua followed the conversation like one would a three-way tennis match – if such a thing existed –, but it wasn't long before things started flying over his head. The fact of the matter was that the three were very obviously seriously considering his idea. That made him feel ever so slightly validated… but also scared. Because if they went through with the idea and it didn't work, or it blew up on their faces…

Well, they'd cross that bridge when they got to it, he supposed.

He had to trust them not to let him go through with a bad idea. That was why he'd brought it up in the first place, really. 'If I can't trust these three, then who can I?' he asked himself before nodding and turning his attention away again. That time though, he did so with a lot more confidence and calm.

They kept trading words for a while though, discussing pros and cons of factions and favors that they could offer. Apparently, Mexico, Central and South America had a lot to offer… if they could manage to unify the small factions all over the place. They'd been weakened a lot, but they were very much still around, like slightly lesser versions of the Egyptian pantheon. That had a lot of potential, if they could balance things with the bigger factions, which were the Inca, the Aztec and the Maya factions.

North America was trickier, but there were ideas being bounced around for that too.

Joshua had, admittedly, gotten lost at some point there, and that was before they started going on tangents and backtracking and going on tangents again. It was like hearing his thought process, except that he could only understand a fraction of what was going on. It was… interesting. Confusing, to be sure, and a little overwhelming but also interesting.

He decided to leave them to that though, because really… He had no business really getting involved at that point. He did keep an ear out for anything that he could actually make sense of, but that was mostly just so that he wasn't completely unaware of what they were talking about. Ravel was taking notes off to the side and he was sure she could dumb it down for him to understand at some point after the meeting.

"The short version is that this is a good idea," Serafall told him, finally turning to actually address Joshua. She was beaming too, which went a long way to reassuring whatever part of him was still nervous and unsure.

"However," Yasaka picked up then, grabbing a cup of tea that would have long since gotten colder if not for some convenient use of magic. "It'll have much bigger implications than just getting us help to deal with Khaos Brigade. The factions that we don't help will have a problem with it, even if they reject offers too… provided we make them."

And Joshua supposed she meant that already problematic factions they might already not want to deal with would get worse. Not a terrible problem, especially once they made some more allies and friends, but it was definitely worth noting. Maybe he should keep that in mind for the next defensive update to his arrays.

"Those that we do deal with will owe more than just the help they'll offer, most probably," Gabriel added and he leaned back and considered that. It wasn't necessarily a bad thing, of course. However, it was something that could be problematic in its own way. He'd know. How many times had someone's supposed debt made them do something that turned out to be awkward, unnecessary or downright troublesome?

Although, it was never too bad, so it was probably fine, right?

"Something to consider," Gabriel told him and he nodded slowly.

"So…" he said, glancing between the three of them, which seemed to prompt another round of shared looks.

"So," Yasaka started, straightening the smallest bit. "We think it's better if we take our time deciding what to do, but it's definitely a good idea," she said and Joshua it was very obvious to the three of them that he wasn't sure about the idea himself, because that was at least the second time he heard them say it was a good one. "It just needs to be very carefully handled… but it will almost definitely improve our chances of dealing with Khaos."

"Well, take your time. It was just an idea," he replied slowly.

Somehow, the excited look Serafall was wearing and the fact that Yasaka and Gabriel didn't look that much more composed wasn't as reassuring as he thought they should have been.


[}-o-{]
​

With his idea out there and being reviewed and prepared by people way smarter and more knowledgeable than him, Joshua was free to do his own thing until they were ready to go ahead. Or, worse come to worst, he was free to prepare stuff in case they scrapped the idea altogether. That was still something that could happen, after all.

Ravel had stayed behind to talk with his partners and organize things too… which left him with Iryuka – he was pretty sure he got her name right that time – as his shadow instead of the Phenex girl. Apparently, she wasn't to actually do anything other than follow him and take notes. If he asked or if she got his permission, then she could try and do things, but only after checking with Ravel. The Phenex herself would go over any decisions and any notes with the girl later so that she could properly teach her how to do her new job.

Joshua wasn't going to comment on her methods one way or another. Far as he was concerned, Ravel knew what she was doing. And if she didn't, then he was likely to pick up on it at some point. Or someone else would, he was sure.

As it was, he just had to decide if he was going to work on Silence or-

"Um, Mr. Davis?" the girl by his side asked and he blinked, turning to see her fidgeting with her notepad. She'd gotten a different one from the one Ravel had given her. That one didn't have the Phenex seal, for one. He was guessing it had her family's instead… 'Glasya-Labolas, was it?' he thought to himself. "You have an appointment in fifteen minutes. Valkyrie class at House of Water," she informed him and he blinked.

'I do?' he wondered, tilting his head as he processed that and rumaged his mind for that bit of knowledge and… 'Ah, so I do,' he confirmed with a slight nod. Apparently, he'd gotten too distracted by his new idea.

"Do you need me to communicate to them that you won't be able to attend? Maybe reschedule?" the girl said then, going over her notes and probably looking for a free spot or something that she could juggle to make time. She was already off to a great start, apparently. The flashbacks from when Ravel started – and for the current Ravel, really – were getting stronger with every passing second.

"That won't be necessary," he said, running his hand through his hair. "Thanks for the reminder, Iryuka," he added and the girl looked down with a small smile, as if trying to hide her expression behind the notepad. 'Huh, that's different, I guess,' he mused. Ravel had been a lot more proud and had kept trying to put on a tough exterior at all times. 'Got her name right too, thank God,' he thought, relieved. "Alright, so… did Ravel go over House of Water with you?" he asked as he turned to walk towards where they had the teleporting array.

"She gave us a summary, sir. And she gave us a dossier to study," Iryuka said and he raised his eyebrows at that. Certainly a thorough approach, the one Ravel had taken, but he was hardly surprised. Impressed might have been a better word for it, he supposed. "If you want to go over it yourself in case she missed something…"

"I doubt she did," he replied with a slow nod. "But I'll tell you my side. It might be different from hers," he explained and the girl flipped a few pages on her notepad and readied herself.

It was kind of adorable, looking at her.

"Alright, so the first thing you need to know is that House of Water can and will accommodate pretty much anything for us, but the valkyries' class is a little more complicated than that," he started with, since that was what they were going to deal with in the immediate future. "They can still give us a little wiggle room, but it'd be difficult for them to pull off since the Norse are… Well, the Norse. So, if it comes to it, we don't want to mess with that too much unless we really need to."

Either she was humoring him, or he was dropping some actual new stuff on her. Or maybe she was noting it down to compare to what Ravel had told her and see if there were any differences. The fact of the matter was that Iryuka was writing down seemingly everything he was saying. It was kind of… odd, but maybe it was just him.

Joshua kept telling her basically all that he could think of regarding his dealings with House of Water all the way to the teleportation array and even afterwards, through the halls of the association. Granted, he might have let his thoughts go on tangents as he spoke, which meant a whole lot of useless stuff being thrown at Iryuka, but she'd have to deal with it if she was going to work with him. Was he throwing her off the deep end a little? Probably, but it wasn't like he expected her to just keep up with everything.

He was just letting her know how things went when working with him.

It was definitely not because he was too lazy to control himself and go easy on her.

Honest.

"You don't need to note every random thing I say, Iryuka," he told her after a particularly off-topic tangent. Mainly because he felt bad seeing her furiously taking note of everything after a bit. "You realize that half of what I've been saying isn't pertinent nor important, right?"

"I do," she answered, surprising him a little. "It might be important later on though, so I want to keep track of that. I'll probably go over it in my off time to properly filter it all and catalogue it."

Joshua blinked at her for a moment, which seemed to make her feel a little self-conscious if the way she shifted on her feet was any indication.

"Huh, well… Let me know if that helps," he commented, suddenly feeling curious if there was a method to her madness. If nothing else, he respected the dedication and the inventiveness.


[}-o-{]
​

"Did you adjust the magic allotment?" he asked, looking at a failed spell's circle and the rune rings that formed it. The thing had failed rather spectacularly, taking up more magic than intended by a lot and filling the entire room and part of the adjacent ones with magic presence, for a second, that is, before the spell went into critical failure. Kind of the point for a magic flare that was being modified into a magic sense flashbang, but not quite.

He made a mental note of it though, because what had happened was basically a magic sense smokebomb instead, which had its own uses.

"I did," the valkyrie said and she sounded way more distressed than she should have for a simple failure.

"Alright, no problem, let's go over the problem together, yeah?" he asked with a smile. He tried to look extra calm about it, because the woman looked like she was a slight push away from pulling her hair out. "It was a problem with the magic itself, I could feel it spiralling before the failure. It's not the effect, it's the energy. If the allotment wasn't the issue, what else could it be?"

"Amount?" she offered as an answer and he could almost see the gears in her head shifting into spellcrafting mode. It was kind of neat, actually. "I was sure the amount was fine though."

"Alright then, assuming the allotment and amount is fine…" Joshua said, trailing off and giving her a moment to see if she could think of the reason. Granted, they were assuming she hadn't made a mistake she couldn't see in the parts they were talking about and he couldn't quite tell himself, since he wasn't that advanced in the runic system yet, but still.

"If the input is fine and the output is fine, then there's a problem in the middle," the valkyrie replied and he smiled more widely. "Right?"

"Sounds right to me," he answered and the woman beamed rather endearingly, if he did say so himself. "I would still make sure the rest of things are actually well done as you think, just in case," he commented and he heard a giggle behind him. He made a mental note of who it was a moment later, checking on his classroom array. "Maybe it'll be ready next class; good job so far though," he told the valkyrie he was helping and she gave him a shy smile, which seemed particularly affected by that laugh.

Which was why Joshua approached that particular valkyrie a moment later.

"Well, that's not an energy issue," he commented with a raised eyebrow, looking at the ball of light floating over the circle. "That's a very nice light spell though, I have to say," he pointed out, making the valkyrie turn red and a bunch of the others giggle, much like she had before. Maybe Karma was an actual thing. Wouldn't surprise him, considering… Well, DxD. "Probably an issue with the manifesting part, I'd say," he pointed out, after getting his fun out of the way and going back to actually teaching. "Considering the concentrated magic presence you're trying to go for, you probably missed something in the shape part," he added and the valkyrie nodded rather stiffly.

Maybe she shouldn't make fun of others if she was that sensitive.

"Don't laugh at others, by the way," he commented and she turned even more red. Maybe valkyries weren't as smart as he thought they were, considering there were three more giggles that followed that. He'd let them have their fun before, but considering what he'd just said… "That goes for all of you," Joshua added, glancing towards those that had laughed just then.

It was going to be a long class, he could already tell.

He made a mental note to tell Iryuka – and the others later – to take note of anyone that behaved like that so that he could take points off their scores at some point. Because the entire thing about spellcrafting was that one would fail a whole lot before getting things right. Just a few days prior, he'd been testing a Power of Destruction Silence application…

And Joshua was pretty sure he'd deleted from existence a sphere about the size of a beach ball. Like, air, the ground and the circle he'd used, magic included. He'd basically deleted all that and replaced it with a void that got filled with air a moment later.

It was interesting, for sure, but also kind of worrisome.

He was still working out the kinks on that one, and he would for a while before testing it again.

"I think that class went well," he commented once things were over. Göndul seemed pleased with his assessment, which was funny because he always said something along those lines and she always looked the same. "They are getting a little too comfortable though, I think."

"The laughing, I'm guessing?" she asked and she seemed to be a little nervous all of a sudden.

"Yeah. I mean, a little teasing is fine, but spellcrafting is hard enough without adding pressure to it," he said and the old valkyrie nodded. "I'll deal with it on my side though, no need to get involved if you don't want to," he added for good measure, leaning back against his chair.

"If you say so, then I'll leave you to it," Göndul replied, hesitating but ultimately standing by that decision. That was fine by him, really.

"Well, with all that said," he started then, running his fingers through his hair. "On with my lesson, then?" he asked, and he was fairly pleased with his own progress. He was actually getting the hang of the runic system and starting to cast spells. He wasn't good enough to start spellcrafting, but he probably would get there soon. He was starting to get confident and seeing some of the mistakes in the valkyrie's works, even if he didn't feel confident enough to apply that to his lessons.

"Of course," Göndul told him and Joshua took a deep breath in to prepare himself.

It was a long day, like most days.

He couldn't wait to get some free time already, but Khaos Brigade wasn't really helping him in that regard, sadly.


[}-o-{]
​

For once, Joshua found himself strangely relaxed in the presence of Ophis.

It surprised even himself, but he really, truly was. He sat there, with a cup of tea in his hand and a smile on his face. There was an underlying worry, sure, deep under his amusement and curiosity, but compared to how he'd gotten used to feeling when around the Dragon of Infinity? It might as well be nothing.

"It's… better," Ophis said with a sage nod that Joshua couldn't help but find funny. "I think I like it with honey the best," she added with another such gesture and he nodded along.

"Tea with honey is nice. I like it when I have a sore throat and such," he replied, to which the dragon looked at him like she didn't understand what the words he'd just said meant. That made sense, he supposed. One of the two – maybe three? – strongest beings in existence probably didn't have any idea what a sore throat even was.

Or a sore anything, for that matter.

"I like it when I'm not feeling well," he tried and that seemed to get the point across better, getting an agreeing nod from Ophis. "So, honey is the best one for you, huh?" he noted to himself, leaning back a little and sipping from his own tea. Ophis seemed to follow suit. It was kind of amusing to have such a conversation.

However, that didn't mean he wasn't taking it seriously.

"Well, I can bring different kinds of tea next time, maybe you can try different sweeteners with those too. There's a lot of options," he explained and Ophis suddenly looked strangely intense about the topic. That was… interesting, to put it in a certain way. "I'm guessing you want to try that?" he asked.

"Yes," she replied, straightforwardly and very seriously.

He was kind of loving that conversation. For once, the eldritch omnipotent being didn't feel like an eldritch omnipotent being… So long as he didn't look straight into the void that were her eyes. Massive improvement, all things considered, really.

"Alright, some of them might not be for you, I don't like a bunch of them, but trying new things isn't always bad," he commented, taking another sip from his tea. "And if it doesn't work out, well, there's always the safe options," he added and Ophis nodded again.

"Like the rooms," she replied and Joshua considered that.

"Like the rooms," he agreed. He guessed he could see how that made sense to her. In a way, the different options of rooms he'd made could be considered like different flavors of tea… possibly… maybe. 'Or different genres of music, or different styles of painting… The point gets across, I guess,' he thought to himself.

"Thank you," the Dragon of Infinity said while his mind went on a slight tangent and… He wasn't sure, but he was pretty sure there'd been actual emotion in her voice there. It was actually kind of… neat. Although, he wasn't sure if that was just for the tea. Surely it wasn't that important to her, right?

Then again, the inner machinations of her mind were an enigma.

"Happy to help," Joshua replied with a smile. "I'll be working on the rooms now, feel free to just step in them if you want, or keep drinking. There's plenty of tea where that came from," he told her and the dragon simply nodded and remained silent afterwards.

Or, at least, she did for a solid minute while he worked.

"You've been looking at the cup for a while," Ophis said and he frowned. He had left his cup behind after finishing it, after all. "The cups are reaching for each other," she commented, turning towards him and tilting her head. "You know that, right?"

"The cups reach for each… other," he repeated, slowly realizing that she wasn't talking about cups of tea. 'Sephiroth Graal?' he hazarded a guess in his mind, his back straightening.

"Their patience is running out though," Ophis commented, her attention going back to her drink. Or, at least, her eyes.

"The cups'?"

"Khaos," she answered and he felt a cold shiver run down his spine. Were they about to make a move already? "They are considering something reckless," she added and he almost wanted to ask. Would that be appropriate? Was she already giving him all that she was willing to or…? "Less stable, they think it might not be too bad," she said with a shrug before finishing her cup of tea. "It'll be noisy, especially if the creature is let out of its cage. I thought Red and the creature might take each other out… but it might just make it all worse," Ophis commented and Joshua was getting more and more unnerved the more she talked.

He wanted to ask so many things, yet he couldn't seem to find his voice. He almost wondered if Ophis had done something to silence him. Or, maybe, she had just surprised and scared him enough with what she was saying.

"I like the quiet here. I don't want more noise," she told him as she stood up. "You might just give me Silence, if of a different kind. I want to try that. More noise sounds unpleasant and I don't want that," she declared before going inside one of the rooms.

And Joshua, he was left to analyse what he'd just been told.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Ophis…

Ophis is a character…

Ophis is a character of all time, yes.

I'm kind of afraid of writing her now. She always pulls the weirdest shit, apparently. I just wanted to write a goddamn fluff scene with some tea! So… What the fuck was that?!

I swear to God. She must have seen that I had a half-formed path forward and decided no, fuck that. The Muse has an ally, apparently, because of course she does.

Now I'm gonna have to see if I can negotiate with Red to help me out, because this is just unfair.

And if not, Trihexa. Because fuck this.

Something that might be important for some of you is the fact that we got a NSFW omake that you can see before this post (and in the extra threadmarks) that Pitou wrote. Check it out if you're interested in that.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter (and my crash out).

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you prefer staying at a hotel or apartments or what? I prefer hotels. I'm a lazy guy, so the least amount of things I gotta do while I'm out on vacations and such, the better.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 113 others
Adrian King
Apr 21, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 235 - Now, You Can Trust Me New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Apr 28, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,544
Now, You Can Trust Me

Ophis's words kept replaying in his mind, over and over again.

It'd been a few days already and Joshua could hardly think of anything else other than those. He'd barely slept and he almost couldn't get any work done, even on things related to what he'd been told. It'd set him on edge in a way that didn't even let him focus. Any second, he waited for someone to bring him bad news, for one of his arrays to pick up something.

After so long with only a vague, distant threat in his mind, he couldn't cope with the much more on-his-face one that Ophis had presented. Because according to the dragon, Khaos was growing impatient and they could make a move at any point. Nothing they could try to pull off would be good, he just knew it. And the worst part was that he didn't even know what they were trying to do.

"Joshua," Yasaka said and he blinked blearily as he turned towards her. "You need to relax," she told him. Although, to be completely honest, the hand she placed on his arm helped more than the words. He focused on the softness of her fingertips on his skin. He focused on the subtle warmth, likely aided by her senjutsu mastery. His attention honed in on that and, for a second, his entire world was focused on his forearm.

"I know," he mumbled, taking a deep breath in as if that would help. It didn't. "I just… I don't know what to do, or if I can do anything," he admitted, and he was surprised at how easy it was to do that. Once upon a time, he'd have struggled, maybe even hidden such a thing. Because saying something like that, it'd have felt like a confirmation that he wasn't good enough, that he failed, like he did so many other things.

And even after he'd gotten good at what he did, after he'd found his calling of sorts in magic, he still would have felt like that.

Yet there, with Yasaka, it didn't feel like defeat. It simply felt like what it was, asking for help. Because Yasaka – and the others, for that matter –, they had seen him in lower lows and still remained supportive, caring. So, maybe he'd learned, at some point, that he could trust them, that they'd have his back no matter what, not even if he failed.

Or, maybe, he'd just learned that it was okay to fail, that it didn't make him a failure.

"There's much you can do, Joshua," Yasaka reassured, her hand squeezing his arm ever so slightly. "But not if you are so deep in your head that not even your own thoughts reach you," she said, and it sounded funny. It sounded like a contradiction of sorts, to say that he was thinking so much he couldn't think.

Except that it was accurate.

"You're not wrong," he replied, deflating where he sat and staring at the notebook in front of him, which he hadn't written anything on for quite a bit already. "I just… don't know where to begin, and I'm suddenly not sure if I even have time to do much."

"Well, if you don't do anything, then probably not," Yasaka said and she somehow managed to make that sound funny and reassuring rather than worrying and harsh. "But if you feel that way, then what's left for the rest of us?" she added and it sounded like a joking comment, but he could tell it wasn't.

"I'm sorry," he said then, an apologetic grimace on his face. "I know it's… I know it's kind of rude for me to say this stuff, but-"

"I'm not chastising you," Yasaka told him, reaching to grab his hand and giving it a reassuring squeeze. "You're capable and that makes you feel like you need to do more. It's admirable that you take that pressure on yourself, but don't let that overwhelm you, Joshua," she added and he knew she was right. He absolutely knew she was.

The problem was that knowing that didn't help him deal with the emotions nearly as much as he needed it to.

"Now, first things first," Yasaka said and he focused on her voice, hoping against hope that she'd have a solution for him, maybe some kind of senjutsu technique. She'd helped him so many times already, that he expected her to have something that could help him, he supposed. "What do you need to work on?"

"That… hasn't changed, really. Find Khaos, deal with Khaos," he answered almost immediately, yet… Had it been that simple when he'd been trying to think? Although-

"What do you need to do to achieve that?" Yasaka asked and that was the complicated part… Or so he felt, yet…

"Biggest clue I have right now is what Ophis said, about the Sephiroth Graal cups reaching for each other," he answered and where were the other hundred thoughts that would come to mind then? Well, some of them were in regards to how to do that, but-

"What do you need to do to use that?" Yasaka asked and he blinked.

"Spells that can sense that. I think Aika and I have been getting glimpses of it, but Ophis made it sound very obvious. Speaking of, maybe Aika can help," he summarized and he was surprised to find his thoughts… smoothing over, streamlining themselves. "Yes, I think… I have a few ideas," he mumbled, reaching for a pencil with his free hand and starting to write down a few ideas. Not all of them new, but certainly stuff that he could use with a bit of work in certain directions…

"And what else could you do?" Yasaka asked and he paused…

"I can prepare my defense arrays a little more. If they are trying to use Sephiroth Graal, broken or not, then I have a few ideas," he muttered to himself, noting down other ideas on another page. He had already worked on defenses against Sephiroth Graal and what Khaos could do in that regard, but he'd need to put more work on that, especially in regards to the likely broken and thus unstable nature of the use that the terrorist organization was likely to try and pull on them.

Going silent, Yasaka rested her head on his shoulder as he started working and he could have kissed her for the help.

And he did, after a bit once he got all his ideas out and in order.


[}-o-{]
​

"You're getting better," he commented idly, looking at Georg work on his Sacred Gear mastery some more.

He was still training to teleport things around inside his mist and he was, for the most part, succeeding. He was getting faster even, which was the important part. Soon, he'd be able to have complete control of the position of things – and people – inside his Gear's influence. Although, with each slight improvement in speed, his control kept having chances of slipping and sending something to the wrong spot or… half complete, as it were.

Concerning, but Joshua was sure that the man could work well enough if he slowed down, which was also kind of important. Pushing the limits of what he could do was the point of training though. The "guaranteed success" teleportation range in terms of speed was… not ideal, but it was acceptable. And it was getting better too, but…

Well, Joshua was a little concerned about how fast they could get to a good spot in terms of the man's skill.

"Thank you, sir," George replied, pushing his glasses up.

The ex-Hero Faction member was doing a lot better those days in terms of how he felt too, Joshua had noticed. The man was less terrified and more dutiful with each passing day. Maybe because he'd realized that he really would be fine so long as he behaved and that behaving wasn't some impossible standard placed on him. It helped that Joshua was slowly relaxing around the guy too, he supposed.

Maybe it was soft of him, but Georg was proving to have changed, so he wanted to forgive the guy a little more with each day that passed. That was not to say that he wouldn't just bring the man's worst nightmares to pass if he did something stupid, but he didn't seem to be heading in that direction, thankfully. Joshua didn't think it was unreasonable of him to expect decent behavior in exchange for forgiveness.

"Keep at it, Georg. Things will get hectic soon," he said and was very careful and thorough with the full scan that he made of the guy after saying that. Because, just because he had started to forgive the guy, it didn't mean that he had let his guard down or that he wouldn't keep an eye on him, especially in certain moments such as that. However, the man didn't react in any way other than nodding and getting started.

'Well, it seems that he's smarter than I thought,' Joshua thought to himself. A moment later, he decided that the Dimension Lost holder would be fine on his own and he could turn his attention elsewhere. Like towards his familiars, who were in some sort of messy battle royale amongst themselves.

Or Kokabiel, Raynare and Kuroka, who were fighting amongst themselves too. 'Speaking of…' he mused, looking at Raynare in particular. She was approaching the point in which he could give her another pair of wings. Between that and Incinerate Anthem, she might be able to finally beat Kokabiel with her own power. And that was without training to start pushing for the next step.

He took a deep breath in as he looked at them, his muscles suddenly felt stiff, his fingers itched for something and he found the sight of the battle somewhat… enticing. Before he knew it, he was already walking up to the trio and he noticed his familiars slowing down until they stopped, watching him. With a twist of his wrist and a wave of his fingers, he had Carnwennan and Setan Kober in his hands, the daggers eager for a fight in a way that True Longinus never was, familiar and alive in a way that the spear never quite reached.

"Hey," he called softly, his voice not even remotely loud. The two fallen and the reincarnated devil all stopped all the same, all but freezing mid-motion. They turned and stared and then paled as they noticed the weapons in his hands. "New exercise," he announced with a slight smile that he was pleased to see scared the fuck out of the trio. "You're all sparring with me," he told them and they stiffened.

That is, before Kokabiel shot the first light spear his way, because of course he did. The man was always ready for a fight, for one. For another, he hesitated very little, which he guessed was related to the first thing. Or maybe both of those were related to the fact that much of his life had been dedicated, consumed, by wars and battles. It was… sad, in a way, or so Joshua thought, at least.

All the same, the three of them fought him with all they had and he, in turn, fought them with… almost all he had. The arrays around the training room had several settings, but he didn't use any of them at that moment. Instead, he fought with everything else, his body, his skill, his senjutsu and his active spells… And then he started setting down a new array, simulating a fight outside of his designated areas.

Unlikely to happen, sure, but it paid to be prepared.

Maybe he'd been focusing too much on his spellcrafting – not that he thought that was bad –, but it felt incredible to let loose a little physically. His weapons certainly appreciated it, especially after True Longinus had arrived to cast a shadow over them. Better, the spear might be, but those daggers had more personality to them, quite literally, and they had helped him through battles in the past.

So, maybe he was a little attached to them, but he did feel like that and their personalities gave them a little more… edge, as it were. True Longinus didn't have that, even if the spear was quite literally able to pierce anything. There were still likely to be situations when Joshua would want something else, and that's when Setan Kober and Carnwennan would be able to shine.

And aside from all that, with how nervous he felt those days, it was nice to just… focus on something else and vent.


[}-o-{]
​

[Seekvaira Agares]

"So, yeah, I'm taking the day off," Davis said in what was supposed to be her second day working with him alone rather than with Ravel or Iryuka or both. Seekvaira supposed she should be grateful that hadn't happened on the first day, but still.

Something to get used to, she supposed.

It was still odd, to work for someone, for a human even, when she was the heiress of a Pillar House. House of Agares was even an important one, what with Agreas and all the resources the city held. It wasn't like they were a half extinct house or one of those that had always been small.

Yet there she was.

Because Joshua Davis was that ridiculous of an existence. Her father had taken one look at Ravel Phenex and the power the little girl held at her finger tips after Seekvaira told him about Sona's offer and almost the next moment there she was, offering. There was so much to gain and so little to lose by bowing their heads a little to the man, that it was just a no brainer, really.

That didn't mean that it was less odd for Seekvaira to be in that position, however. She wasn't displeased per se, but she did find it all very… awkward, as it were. It was strange, not at all what she'd known all her life. She found herself out of her depth, especially whenever she had to deal or even witness one of Davis' many eccentricities.

Such as the one she had encountered immediately after teleporting to the man's house.

"Sorry for wasting your time, but I'll be training here for the rest of the day, I think. If I'm not, I'll send a message," Davis said, all smiles and filled with an energy that she found new in him. Although, she hadn't known him for very long, admittedly. He was still usually very calm and borderline cold and calculative, not unlike Seekvaira herself, or Sona to put another example.

At that moment though, he reminded her more of Sairaorg.

She did wonder what was up with the dog-like eyes and the fangs that had replaced his teeth. She could ask Ravel about that, however. She didn't want to ask too many questions, especially ones unrelated to her job. Seekvaira might not be an expert in what it took to be a secretary, but she was pretty sure it didn't involve interrogating your employer.

"Did I have anything to do today?" he asked and she immediately stood straighter, pulling her own notepad – because she was not using the one with the Phenex seal, no way – and checked the schedule for the day. For whatever reason, Davis always seemed amused when they did that and she wasn't quite sure what that was about. At first, she'd thought it was just her doing something wrong without realizing, but even Ravel got that look.

The best the Phenex had been able to guess was that "he tends to think some things are a lot less important than they are", which was… crazy. How does one reach a point in which dealing with the Norse valkyries is unimportant? How does one reach a point in which they can laugh about forgetting they have an appointment with Heaven's Seraphs? Because yes, she'd seen both of those happening and she was still wrapping her head around both.

Admittedly, he was dating one of those Seraphs, but still.

"Just your Spell Modification class, sir," Seekvaira answered and the man nodded.

"Alright, I'm gonna give you some notes for Levi. He'll take over for me. Ravel will know the rest. You can take over that for today along with anything else you three might be doing," he told her as he absently moved to one side, summoning a notebook and starting to jot down things quickly. Seekvaira, for her part, just stared, processing what was happening.

Never in a million years would she have considered just… dropping responsibilities, duties, like that. Yet, there was Davis, ignoring his class and throwing an apprentice off the deep end because he felt like training some more. What a strange being she had started to work for, she couldn't help but think to herself all the while.

"There, sorry again for the inconvenience," Davis told her, passing her a few torn out pages of his notebook with class plans and ideas for Levi to work with. Good thing there were at least a few hours left until class, because Seekvaira could only imagine how difficult that'd be to pull off for the poor apprentice. "See you around," the magician told her then before walking off towards the training field.

Seekvaira took another moment to wrap her head around what'd just happened before teleporting.

"I think the carefree way he tends to deal with some things actually helps," Ravel pointed out about an hour later after Seekvaira was done setting things up for the class later that day.

Levi had not been a fan of the sudden change, but he'd taken that on the chin and rolled with the punches. Seekvaira could respect that. Maybe she should consider the man for a position as a contracted magician…

"It makes him seem all the more grand, since he can treat such things as minor," the Phenex continued and Seekvaira found herself agreeing with that opinion. "It can be infuriating, yes, but I don't think it's worth trying to correct. It's also a hopeless endeavor, as I understand it, so it's better to just use it to our advantage, or try to," she added dryly, with the tone of someone that was looking at a silver lining rather than at an actual positive. "Now, about tomorrow's schedule, I'll be the one directly involved and I'll need most of the day to instruct Mr. Davis, but you will have jobs of your own to carry out too. First, you, Seekvaira…"


[}-o-{]
​

[Göndul]

"Thanks for organizing this in such a short notice," Davis said and she couldn't help but stare at the man.

He'd just teleported in, to be fair, but it'd only taken those few seconds for Göndul to notice that something was different in him. He held himself with his back straight and his expression closed off. Gone was that eager and curious expression he had during their classes, or the open if often distracted features she'd gotten used to seeing when he was teaching others.

Instead, those deep lakes that he called eyes were now frozen and his expression belied nothing. Beside him, the little Phenex walked with none of that quiet, forced professionalism that she used to make up for her employer's lack of care. For once, Davis actually looked the part of the individual that he was, the faction leader that he was, the force of nature that he was.

And Göndul found that incredibly unnerving.

"It was no problem," she said and she meant it.

Getting a call from Davis to set up a meeting with Odin wasn't what she'd expected, but it was certainly welcome. Her faction very much wanted to get involved with the man, and the alliance behind him if possible. It was regrettable that things had been… less than ideal before, but with the rise of Davis' reputation, let alone how he'd helped the other factions grow stronger too, that was no longer a problem.

So, considering their dealings with the man, they had hoped to get another invite to the alliance.

The time seemed to have come, but...

"Odin, thank you for making time for us," Davis said after following her to meet her faction leader. However, she was looking at him closely, and she could tell his smile was barely a mockery of one. His eyes remained cold, empty, the man walked forward to shake hands with Odin like one would an enemy faction in a neutral setting.

Had they done something to anger Davis? Göndul had to wonder, because things weren't making any sense. Maybe it'd been her valkyries, or maybe someone in their faction had done something without the rest of them knowing. She really, really hoped it hadn't been Loki, or that at least it hadn't been too bad.

"Joshua Davis," Odin greeted, apparently not at all bothered by the disposition of the human magician. "How could I not, after the impression you left on my people?" the old god asked and Göndul acknowledged the truth of it, even as she remained standing by the door.

The Gods of Asgard hadn't shut up about the man that seemed to just… understand magic the same way a good husband understands his beloved wife.

"Well, you didn't seem to have it some before, so I had to wonder," Davis answered, his smile growing even less like a real one, which was kind of impressive… At least, it would have been, if it weren't for what he'd said, what that meant.

"Alliances are complicated at the best of times, I'm sure you're aware," Odin replied, unbothered, or maybe trying to keep the peace. It could even be both. "It was nothing against you or your allies."

"I'm sure," Davis replied dryly. "I'm not here to talk about the past though, but I am here to talk about our factions collaborating," the human started. "Certain new developments have forced my hand, alas."

"Well, I thought you were never going to ask again, boy," Odin said and Göndul held back a grimace. That was not something that needed to be pointed out like that, she felt. It was bad enough that they had forced Davis to come and ask them again after his allies and him had been ignored before. She understood the why, of course, but still.

Any moves on the board were risky, yes, let alone when they involved several powers at once. It was why faction alliances were rare. The more that were involved in such moves, the more attention, the more enemies, the more tension. Things were already difficult enough around the world those days without adding more risks.

"Now, tell me about this alliance," Odin said and Göndul watched a new development on Davis' face at that moment. Instead of the cold mask that he'd been wearing, his lips pulled up and his eyes softened into something… amused.

"Who said anything about an alliance?" Davis asked and both Odin and Göndul paused. "No, I'm here to make a deal with you, Odin. Nothing more, nothing less. You do something for me and I do something for you, end of the story."

"That… is unexpected," her faction leader replied slowly, carefully.

"Is it?" Davis asked, turning to look at the Phenex girl beside him. His expression was still colored by amusement all the while as they communicated something between themselves without words. "You weren't interested in an alliance with us and we respect that. So, we came up with a new arrangement that will hopefully fit your wishes better," the man said as he turned back to Odin.

And Göndul felt herself grow nervous, as she understood the message implied.

"You rejected us, so we're not going to ask again. If you want an alliance, ask yourself."

"I see…" Odin replied, very clearly considering the new development. So much so that his usual borderline clownish behavior was nowhere to be seen even when it'd been very slight to begin with as he tested the waters. He hadn't even had time to get started before that'd had to be pushed aside, evidently. "And this deal you wanted to make… what does it entail?"

"We're trying to stop Armageddon," Joshua started with, tilting his head with a smile. "So, we were hoping you would help us with that, and in turn, well," he added, his lips pulling back even more into something that probably was meant to be friendly but ended up coming across as… dangerous. "It'd only be fair if we helped you with Ragnarök, wouldn't it?"


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

The pieces keep moving, all the time.

I'll be honest, I usually write these notes after editing and I seem to have forgotten yesterday. I don't really have time to think and write proper notes, so, yeah…

I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What are you doing after reading this? After posting, I might go play some LoL with my friends. I hate myself like that.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 117 others
Adrian King
Apr 28, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 236 - Slow to Rise in Here New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
May 5, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,552
Slow to Rise in Here

[Joshua Davis]

"That was exhausting," he said, dropping on the table like all his energy had left him. It certainly felt like that to him, at least, so… Either way, they'd just come back from the meeting with Odin, which had been an entire ordeal and had reinforced the already deep-rooted dislike for politics that he had. He still didn't understand why so much song and dance was necessary, but…

'If it gets things done, I guess,' he thought to himself, pulling his body up with a groan.

He did understand the insult that every faction had delivered to them when they rejected their offers for an alliance against Khaos, even though he hadn't when it happened. It annoyed him plenty, really, after taking a bit to consider it. He understood the reticence to try again less, but that might be because he wasn't a very prideful guy and politics kind of were built upon pride, your own as a leader as much as your factions'.

And from there, it got more and more complicated as he was explained why he had to act like he did through the meeting. 'Thank God for the acting gig we have with Serafall, certainly helps in situations like this,' he thought, running his fingers through his hair. He'd have given anything to not be the one to go have that conversation, yes, but his partners seemed to think the good impression he'd delivered during that one gathering was enough to make him a better candidate.

At least they'd be the ones talking with other factions, thankfully.

"You did great, Mr. Davis," Ravel praised and he wondered if that was supposed to make him feel better. It was always awkward to be complimented by a child. Admittedly, he'd never underestimate the Phenex girl's competence… but she was still a girl, so it made things a lil' weird. There was no changing that though, so he'd just have to deal with it.

"Thank you, Ravel," he replied with a smile on his face, even if he couldn't get rid of the exhaustion. He knew some people would call him dramatic, but dealing with people normally already drained him like crazy. Stuff like what he'd just gone through? He'd need a few days of being a proper hermit to feel like he could tackle someone other than family again. "Couldn't have done it without you," he added, and his smile became the slightest bit more full just seeing how pleased and proud the girl looked after he said that.

Admittedly, Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel had also helped him a lot to figure out what he needed to do and say and the general approach of the meeting. However, Ravel tended to have an easier time dumbing things down for him and she had more free time to just coach him through everything. On top of that, just the fact that she could accompany him everywhere was a boon, because Joshua would keep an eye on her through Magic Sense and Life Sense so that he could realize if he messed up at any point.

"Just doing my job, Mr. Davis," the girl mumbled through her smile and he shot her an amused smile. She was great at a lot of things, but she seemed unusually weak to compliments…

Which had some worrying implications, but Joshua wasn't going to delve into those. Instead, he'd just endeavor to praise her as much as possible. Not something complicated, considering she was so skilled in things that he was terrible at, so he had a lot to praise her about. Nevermind the fact that she was always helping him with things even outside her job description, as it were.

Joshua did make a mental note to check with his partners if he might need to pay the Phenex a visit.

Because Ravel was a lot more than just his assistant of sorts.

In the meantime…

"Please, tell me that we have nothing else to do," he all but begged… and the pitying look he got was not what he wished to see. "Please?" he tried anyway, visibly making the girl gather the will to speak, which only made him feel worse. It wasn't Ravel's fault that his schedule was shit.

One day, he'd be able to just not deal with people more than once a week.

He couldn't wait.

"Carmilla said she'd have results to show in her searches by today," Ravel told him and he was already going to say they could make the vampire wait. Apparently, the Phenex girl had seen that coming though. "And yes, you could make her wait, but it'll set a precedent where she doesn't need to stick to deadlines… and you did say that Valerie related things took precedence over anything that wasn't pressing and directly Khaos Brigade related."

"I hate myself," he grumbled, running his fingers through his hair. "When do we need to be there?" he asked wearily. "Because if you say right now, I might cry."

"... We can go in an hour if that works for you, Mr. Davis."

She'd been about to say they go right that moment. He knew it. She knew it. She knew he knew it, even. Joshua really did not know how to feel about that. Neither the fact that he'd been expected to jump from one meeting to the other nor the fact that he was being pitied by a child.

"Why are you so cruel with me, Ravel?" he asked with a grimace. Because it was definitely her fault that things were that packed together. He wouldn't scold her – he was too soft for that, especially after the thoughts regarding the girl he'd just had –, but he definitely considered it. That counted for something, right?

"Just doing my job, Mr. Davis," she answered, more amused than anything, which was good. "You're too capable, which means there's a lot to do."

"I hate myself," he repeated, slumping on the table. "Did Koneko say anything about dropping by?"

"Not that I know of. Do you want me to ask?" Ravel said and he was fairly sure she'd slipped out of her professional attitude a little there… Although, maybe he was just imagining it.

"If you would. I'm gonna need to recharge batteries after this day, so I was thinking we could get the three of you together and play some games," he commented, not even needing to clarify who the third was. It wouldn't help his exhaustion, but spending time with his daughters would be fun and make him feel better.

Maybe he'd even drag his familiars into it too… except maybe Nagini. She was getting more aloof by the day.

Teenagers, honestly.


[}-o-{]
​

[Penemue]

"Josh is working on how to give more wings, a third pair, to be exact," Serafall commented, humming happily as she drank from her milkshake. Penemue, for her part, could only stare while her coffee got colder by the second, because… that was not what she expected to hear when she got called by the three women that were in the process of turning her life upside down.

And she still didn't know if it was for the better or the exact opposite to let them.

She just knew that she had to do something.

"Raynare is doing a lot of work to motivate him. You should thank her if you see her," the devil woman added, smiling at her in a way that seemed half mocking and half amused. Thanking a traitor, she was suggesting that Penemue thank a traitor. For that's what Raynare was, Raynare, Kokabiel and the other two, who were now being worked barely better than slaves.

Because their faction was falling behind, and they couldn't afford to lose anything, and those two might not have gotten extra wings, but they were at the peak of their wing class. So, they had their uses, but Penemue wouldn't be thanking them and she wouldn't thank Raynare either. Although… Serafall wasn't wrong. The woman was likely the cause for many of the boons they enjoyed those days.

And Davis' capacity for forgiveness worked both ways, she supposed. He had patience with Azazel's blunders just as much as he did with Raynare and the rest. It was just that the Stray had gotten the better deal just by virtue of behaving better and grasping the opportunity she was offered with both hands.

How ironic, in many ways.

"Now," Serafall started then and Penemue wondered if she was going to have to swallow her pride even more or not. The answer was most likely yes, but she could hope, she supposed. Not much else she could do. "How's your end of things?" the devil asked, a friendly smile that failed miserably at hiding the fact that they – all three of them, and maybe Davis but she had her doubts – had her firmly under their thumbs. "Any progress?"

She said that so easily, asked so casually, as if they hadn't asked her to basically turn her fellow Fallen against Azazel. Azazel, who had led them through the wars. Azazel, who was the strongest of them all, who had been the leader they all needed, who had rallied their scattered, messy selves into a faction strong enough to oppose Heaven and Hell. The man might be a mess, even more so those days, but he was still their leader, what Michael and Lucifer were for the other two factions.

She couldn't just talk to a few people and suddenly have the support they asked of her.

"Slow progress," she admitted all the same, keeping all her bitter complaints to herself.

Because, in the end, she'd been the one who agreed. Because much as she hated her situation, seeing Azazel slowly but surely burning every single bridge around them had pushed her to her limit. She couldn't just sit there and let him keep doing that until they were surrounded by enemies. She had to do something.

So, she was doing something.

She hated it, but she was doing something.

"If Davis can really do as you say-" And Penemue had no reason to believe otherwise, honestly. "-, then we can work something out. I'm sure I can use that in my favor." Especially because Azazel would leave everything in her hands, meaning she could twist things a little to benefit her goals. And if he was there, he was most likely going to keep dragging his own reputation through the mud in front of other Fallen.

A win-win situation, if there ever was one.

Except both still felt like losses to her.

"What you've been doing is a start, but that's only provided we can keep it up for long enough that everyone has time to consider things, change their minds," she added and Serafall hummed. The three of them hadn't just come and started threatening her, after all. They'd pulled her into a pseudo alliance.

They'd empower her position so that she could be more useful to their actual alliance. In exchange, she… gained an empowered position. On top of that though, they were helping her faction, not in huge ways, but they were and she appreciated that.

Serafall was, apparently, allowing reincarnated fallen to have an easier time all around, allowing easier promotions and enforcing what few rights they had more thoroughly. Yasaka, on the other hand, was using her connections to ease a lot of business that they were doing in her territory and even the East's. And she gave them access to senjutsu arts services from her people, which was huge in a number of ways.

Both of those paled when compared to Gabriel though, her fellow angel allowing the fallen to be closer to Heaven than they ever had been after falling. They couldn't step into Heaven again, she doubted that'd ever happen, but they could be close to it again. Penemue herself had already gone way more times than she'd like to admit. Furthermore, connections that had been severed when they fell, they were being allowed to be mended, those that could be. Close brothers and sisters that had been separated were being allowed to reunite, to interact, to bond once more.

And that may sound like nothing, but to her people?

It was already causing waves, and it would only get better.

"Keep working diligently, Penny,-" Serafall said, beaming at her even as her eye twitched. "-and things will only get better from here." For a terrifying moment, Penemue feared that the Satan had actually read her mind. Then she realized that couldn't be… and that was worse, because that meant she was being read like a book.


[}-o-{]
​

[Issei Hyoudou]

"Thank you for this," he said, and it was a testament to how much he'd been through that same moment that he didn't even feel awkward. After all, the man was basically a stranger, and that was without including the rest of the situation, which was also a little offputting.

"It was our pleasure," the man across from him said. "Seriously. Not everyone can say they trained with the Red Dragon Emperor," he added and that was certainly awkward for Issei, but he was getting better.

[They should be proud, yes,] Ddraig growled in his mind. [Everyone that can relate themselves to us is someone that history will write about, even if it's just a footnote sometimes.] That was weird too, but Issei guessed that was his life and he'd have to get used to it.

"Same time next week, then?" he asked, forcing the words out the same way he was trying to do with the conversation.

Sure enough, everyone was up for that. Not that he expected differently. Aika had talked him into asking Joshua for help training, and he'd ended up with an invitation to House of Water himself. Instead of learning magic though, the association had contacted a bunch of mercenaries and such to train him and with him. A poor replacement for training with Joshua, even with the training arrays the man set up, but it was what it was.

Ultimately, it fixed one of the problems they had, he supposed. They still weren't having nearly as many sessions as they had once, but there was little to be done about that. For one, because Joshua was super busy, and seemed to get busier every day, really. For another, because Issei felt bad for taking up his time when he was so busy.

He knew Joshua would make time if he actually asked, but he didn't want to get in the way. So, he'd have to make do with their conversations when they happened to both be at the man's cafe. And other odd times, like when he went to pick up Jeanne at school for whatever reason or such occasions. All in all, Issei wasn't seeing the man much, but he tried not to be too sad about it.

[Stop being so pitiful, would you? This is pathetic.]

He wasn't always successful, evidently, and Ddraig loved to remind him.

All the same, the man wasn't any less important to him than he'd been back when they trained together and met up more often. Because Joshua was still the guy that had changed Issei's life, in so many ways too. He felt like a better person, instead of just acting like one. He had a girlfriend and his studies were going well, what with all the study dates and making other friends to have study sessions and such rather than… Well, what he used to do with his old friends.

He'd also turned Issei into someone important.

[You were always going to be.]

Issei wondered about that though. Because he'd been a mess, so even being the Red Dragon Emperor didn't feel like it'd be enough to make him less of an idiot and a pervert and a disgrace. And he wondered how that would have looked, if he'd never met that crazy man.

"Issei!" Aika said once he took a shower after training and then made his way through the halls of the magician association – feeling thoroughly like an outsider, but he was getting better at dealing with that too – towards where she was having her lesson/study session with the other Stars, as people seemed to call Joshua's magic apprentices.

Idly, Issei wondered if they had a nickname for him too, or if they would if they knew more about him.

"Had fun fisting and getting fisted?" she asked then and he grimaced. She didn't need to say it like that. She really, really didn't. "Or were those men using their long, hard swords today?" she added, and she made it sound ten times worse than the words already would have by themselves. He'd have found it impressive if it weren't so thoroughly embarrassing and uncomfortable.

The fact that they weren't by themselves only made it that much worse.

He could see the guys in her study group grimacing behind her, one of them even shot him a sympathetic look. Issei wondered if they suffered his girlfriend's antics too. Because he loved Aika, he really did, but she was a character and a half. Not that he was one to talk though, admittedly, but still.

"Do you have to do that?" he asked her, and he knew she knew what he meant. She stood up from where she'd been sitting at the round table with the rest of the other apprentices and approached him.

"Yes," she told him, beaming. And damn him, if she wasn't pretty like that. It almost made it worth the awkwardness. Almost…

Oh, who was he kidding?

"Do you still need more time here?" he asked and his answer came in the form of Aika taking his arm and dragging him to the chair she'd been sitting at before. Then he made him sit there and then she sat on his lap. "I'll take that as a yes," he commented and a part of him felt a little self-conscious with everyone in the room looking at them… but there was a much bigger part of him that was just happy to be with his girlfriend.

So he just wrapped his arms around her and read over her shoulder even though the text made no sense to him.

"Just a little longer, then we can go to the cafe and get that cake you like," Aika told him and he had a funny feeling that he was the one supposed to say stuff like that. In his defense though, the cake was really good. And spending more time with his girlfriend sounded even better.


[}-o-{]
​

[Joshua Davis]

Carmilla was surprisingly effective.

Or she'd gotten lucky.

Either way, she'd procured a bunch of vampires for him to study. Normal vampires of different kinds, women, men, younger, older. None of them children, thankfully, although some vampires a little younger than offered would have helped more, it'd also have been… a little too much. Besides, he rather doubted there'd be many – if any – of those that were heinous enough to warrant his… research approaches.

Beyond that, Carmilla had even found a few dhampirs, some even had Sacred Gears, and then there were vampires with other special abilities even.

There were all sorts of vampire flavors for Joshua to try things out and find out things about. That was what it all boiled down to, really. He needed it to see what might be different in Valerie's soul compared to everyone else. Because sure, every soul was different, but it didn't mean there were no similarities, the same way that two humans were more similar to each other than to, say, a devil… Generally speaking. Because the DxD supernatural world was crazy and had miracles and "miracles" all over the place.

"You've done good work," he commented and he heard Ravel take note of either that or something else almost immediately afterwards. As for Carmilla herself, the vampire queen preened, a smug smile tugging at her lips in a way that made him want to take back the compliment. Alas, she was an ally. A helpful one even, which was rather depressing that it was such a plus in her favor, but such was Joshua's life. "Ravel," was all he said.

"Got it," the little Phenex replied, stepping forward and starting conversation with Carmilla.

Making deals for money felt off, he'd admit. He hadn't made a supernatural deal for money in forever, really. Because one or two payments had been enough for him to live comfortably for the foreseeable future. Everything else afterwards was just overkill, really. Furthermore, he had a lot more use for favors or knowledge and other such payments.

Joshua wasn't even the only one thought like that.

However, Carmilla was leading the vampire factions – or was it just a faction by then? –, factions that had suffered a great many losses and were recovering still. To them, ridiculous amounts of money were useful. Especially if it didn't come with more strings attached, which he reassured her there wouldn't be. She'd seemed disbelieving in the moment, but had ultimately agreed anyway.

So, there they were. He'd even thrown in a few minor magic artifacts and such that Ravel had reassured him would be helpful and wouldn't go too much against the spirit of "no more strings attached" promise he'd given. Which was great, because he was starting to like Carmilla in the same way he liked Elizabeth. They were capable, reliable women that he could call upon if he needed something and know that they wouldn't screw him over, willingly or not.

Joshua had come to appreciate such people a lot.

It was very nice to just be able to give someone a call when he needed resources or knowledge regarding something for a project.

"Now then…" he mumbled to himself, going back to studying the subjects Carmilla had provided.

All things considered, he was rather optimistic in his progress. He didn't know if he was going fast enough, but he wasn't going slow per se, so he'd take it. Carmilla had really made things much easier for him. Beyond her, however, Penemue had also helped a lot… and he wasn't sure why.

His partners had asked him to trust them on that though, so he tried not to think about it too much.

The fact of the matter was that the fallen angel's ultimate secretary had given him access to a lot of Sacred Gears and holders to study, both original ones and artificial ones. So, between that and all that Carmilla had gotten her… He had a lot of data. A lot of data that felt kind of… not as connected as he'd have wished, admittedly.

'What am I missing?' he wondered idly in between research sessions.

Glancing to the side, he saw Ravel dutifully keeping her eyes on her notes and away from what he was doing, as instructed. He wasn't going to let her see what he was doing to those vampires, even if they were pieces of shit. On top of that, there was a small array just generally keeping her from picking up on anything on his side of things anyway.

Carmilla, by her side, wasn't given that and she looked like she might have needed it. Joshua made a mental note to offer it to her the next time. As it was, he had other things to focus on, because he was struggling with something, even with the many resources he was given.

'Sacred Gears are all different, that side of things is messing with everything,' he thought to himself, taking a deep breath in and considering that. Furthermore, all Longinus were wildly different from each other, so the ones he had access to weren't doing him many favors… if any. The vampire side of things helped, as did the dhampir and human side, admittedly. However, it was the Sacred Gear that was key at that moment.

After all, tracking the pieces of Sephiroth Graal and giving those back to Valerie should at least be a start.

'How do I approach this if not with just Sacred Gear and species information?' Joshua wondered, taking a deep breath in and thinking. 'Effect? I don't know anything that quite does what Sephiroth Graal does, do I?' he asked himself, going over everything he knew. 'Twilight Healing, sort of… Maybe Jeanne can make some swords with similar effects…'

The problem was that he'd already tried those and they weren't quite right. He needed something more than just healing, something more than just slight changes. Sephiroth Graal could modify the essence of a creature, their life and their soul, able to create monsters out of nothing and bring back to life monsters long dead. So, Joshua needed to find something… like… that.

'Fucking…'

"Ravel, we're leaving."


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, the Muse and I decided to throw in some sprinkles of arcs kind-of-but-not-really unrelated to Joshua. Because yes, guys, there's other stuff going on outside of his life and such. I just generally don't care for that kind of thing in other stories and, thus, don't really care for writing it on my own. I know some people don't precisely like that, so… Yeah, I guess it's a little late for me to comment on this, actually, but meh.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you like using mods in your games? I like to mod specific games. Like, I can't play vanilla Rimworld anymore, but most other games I tend to stick with vanilla. I guess it's in sandbox games that mods can really shine, like Minecraft and – again – Rimworld. If you do like modding games, which games do you use mods on and why?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 111 others
Adrian King
May 5, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 237 - I See a Tunnel Full of Light Again New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
May 12, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,568
I See a Tunnel Full of Light Again

So, his newest epiphany wasn't useless.

It wasn't as good as he'd have liked either, admittedly, but Joshua was happy with any increase in progress. Especially those days, when it felt like anything he wanted to do was a huge undertaking that would take him years and he needed to cut down to weeks or months. He hated the rush, the pressure, but it wasn't like he could do anything other than grit his teeth and do it anyway.

What alternatives did he have? Let Khaos win?

Yeah…

No.

'It's similar… ish,' he thought to himself, watching a rather tense Katerea.

Because her incomplete Power of Sea was actually rather similar to what he knew of Sephiroth Graal. It only worked on herself, and only in regards to maritime creatures, but it did. It changed her essence, shaped her existence into something else, gave her new properties and shedded others. A change to behold and exactly the kind of effect that the Longinus was supposed to have on people it was used on.

He'd even been able to check that too, analyzing the vampires from the Tepes faction that were affected by the Sacred Gear and comparing them to the Carmilla faction ones. It was almost like they were completely different species, actually. Their everything was changed, not unlike when he gave angels and fallen new wings, but more drastic. There was only a remnant of who – what – they were supposed to be, just like there was always at least a remnant of Katerea deep down no matter how much she changed herself.

"Change," he instructed and the devil did exactly that, applying her Power to shift into some unholy – never more accurately put, he supposed – sea creature. And the process of changing was fascinating on its own, to see the way her soul and existence twisted and morphed into something else entirely. Beyond that though, he caught glimpses of similarities between that and the Grail, which was what he was looking for.

Because the Power of Sea was, essentially, the most similar thing he had access to – and could even think of, really – to the Sacred Gear in terms of effect. Between that and every other little piece of data he had managed to find in regards to other things – vampires, humans, dhampirs, Sacred Gears, Longinus, holy artifacts, holy Sacred Gears, etc. –, Joshua thought he could get somewhere if he arranged them in a good enough puzzle. Although, he could only hope that it'd be that easy, admittedly. He was honestly expecting it to be a nightmare to get through, but he had a goal and an approach and that was more than he'd had before.

At least, at that moment, it felt like he had all the pieces, so that was something.

"Keep changing," he said and the creature shifted from some kind of shark existence to an eldritch coral structure of some kind and then onto… algae? And so on, none of them the same, even when she started cycling through different kinds of fish-based forms. Joshua had to hand it to her, she knew how to use her power and she knew her sea creatures. Or, maybe her Power came with some innate ability to just… pull something like that off, but he doubted.

Maybe she'd decided to do the best she could with her faulty Power, which… he could respect, honestly.

"Strange," Friday communicated to him, and he agreed with the living spell wholeheartedly. Although, it was rather amusing to "see" her trying to put together the puzzle pieces herself. It gave him the mental image of a child trying to fit forms through holes and getting stumped when shapes that should fit didn't. Not that he was doing much better himself, but that was the picture that her emotions and stray thoughts painted in his head.

"Thank you," he said out loud, making Katerea stop, going back to her base form. "You can stay around here, if you want," he decided, much to the devil's surprise. Mainly, it was because Joshua wanted her close by in case he needed to test or check something regarding her Power. However, it wouldn't hurt to make her think that- "I think you've earned that much. Don't leave the property though," he told her.

Not that she could leave the property if she wanted, but maybe it was worth checking if she'd try.

Although, admittedly, he felt like a politician handling things like that. Ravel seemed rather proud from where she was standing off to the side, which kind of confirmed it. Joshua had very conflicting feelings regarding that possibility, but if it worked in his favor… He just hoped he wouldn't turn into an idiot like most politicians tended to.

His partners would probably give him a good smack and set him straight though, so he wasn't too scared.

"Thank you," the devil said, rather stiffly and unsure, but he didn't much care for that.

His attention was already on what he'd learned and trying to apply it though. And also on checking if there were any puzzle pieces he could be missing. There were probably some, but none that he could think of. He'd keep an eye out though, and maybe ask some of his contacts. Because Power of Sea might be the closest thing that he could think of in regards to Sephiroth Graal's effects, but there had to be some more, surely.

Maybe he could even find them… but that might be tricky.

As it was, he also needed to find ways to piece together the puzzle with what he had, which was not going to be easy in itself. After all, things were rarely that easy in general, let alone when they involved Sacred Gears. The fact that it was a Longinus just added insult to injury.

Penemue's recent cooperative streak might help in that regard though…

'I'll tell the others to deal with that,' Joshua decided, because it devolved into having to talk with Azazel… Well, he wasn't keen on doing that anytime soon. Not if he could help it, and he definitely could. So, instead, he focused on his side of things.

He'd make it up to his partners somehow.


[}-o-{]
​

[Dion Fortune]

"Sounds… complicated," she replied hesitantly, slowly.

"Tell me about it," Professor Davis said with a wry smile that made her at least feel somewhat like she wasn't a dumb idiot for thinking what he said was absolute madness. Not that she'd tell him that either way. He had come to her for advice on the subject, so she would do her best and keep her opinions to herself, but…

Mixing all the properties that he mentioned? In a way that worked?... That was insane. It was no wonder the process ended with a Longinus, really. And he wanted her help to put that together? She was a good magician, if she did say so herself, but Dion knew she was nowhere near qualified for such an undertaking.

And yet, Davis had come to her.

"Professor Davis, can I ask… why is it necessary to put it together?" she asked and the man paused, considering her question with all the seriousness she'd expect from a colleague rather than a teacher. Dion found a little bitter amusement in the fact that not nearly half her actual colleagues had treated her with that much respect, at least not before she'd made a name for herself due to Davis himself. If anyone had the right to treat her – them, really – like less than, then it was him, but he never had.

"Because I need to know what the full picture looks like if I want to know what's missing and how to find it," the man said slowly, which… made some sense. As much sense as anything could when considering the circumstances, at least. "I know I'm missing something. The piece of Sephiroth Graal is supposed to be trying to reach for the rest of it, but I don't know how to figure out the way to follow that. So, maybe if I know what's missing, or how it's supposed to look whole, that'll give me an idea."

"And using the piece you have to scry out the rest…" she started, trailing off because she knew he had to have considered that already. Aika was a Divination magician, after all, so there was no way he'd considered Dion for the absolute madness he'd brought to her and not Aika when finding out about stuff was the whole point of her branch. Right?

"Aika and I are already regularly meeting to try and figure out a way to do that. But we're lacking some information, hence…" the man himself said, finishing off his sentence with a vague wave of his hand towards the notes and everything else that he'd brought to her.

"Alright…" she mumbled, looking at the notes with something akin to dread. However, she wouldn't – couldn't – say no. She'd just have to try and hope it'd be enough instead. "So, what I do is combine effects and energy for spells, so it's a little out of my area… but I'll see what I can do," she said, considering where to even start with the entire thing.

"That's all I ask," Davis replied with a smile that seemed both relieved and proud at the same time, somehow. That wasn't really helping Dion feel any better about the entire thing. Because she knew it was unlikely that she'd be able to help.

She had to try anyway though.

Part of trying would be to ask some of his other fellow Stars and pull some of the strings she'd managed to spread around since things had taken a turn in her life. She didn't have the pull that Davis had, nor the one that House of Water had, but she might just have the one person they'd need that those two didn't. And besides, their contacts would be different. One never knew if that might just be enough.

It'd be by sheer luck, but sometimes that was all that you needed.

Dion made a mental note to bring that up with the rest of the Stars. A miracle between all of them was marginally more likely than it'd be by herself. Those were the odds she was working with, but it wasn't like the alternative was much better, right?

"Do we know the difference between effects?" she asked as she skimmed through one of the notebooks full of information. Davis, already working on his own stuff, looked up and blinked at her as he processed her request.

"Yes, it's somewhere on the third quarter of this one," he commented idly, pulling another notebook from under a pile and giving it to her. "Pre-separation and post-separation effect. From both Valerie's side and Khaos' side," he explained and sure enough, she found what she was looking for after some more skimming. "Looking for something in particular?"

"I just thought that might be easier for me to understand," she answered somewhat self-consciously. Although, that was silly of her. It wasn't like Davis expected her to succeed. He was just doing what she was thinking about doing, throwing everything at the wall and checking if something stuck, by some miracle. At least it made her feel better to know that she'd reached the same conclusion as her teacher, in a way.

Although, it stung a little too, but the man was probably feeling just as bad, really.

Alas, as it turned out, that part of Davis' information wasn't easier to understand for her. 'Worth a shot,' she thought, lamenting herself. So, it was back to square one for her once more, but it'd been too much to hope for anyway.

Thus, time passed her by and a few minutes turned into an hour, then into two.

Although, as she continued reading through that particular notebook, with all the dedicated information regarding Sephiroth Graal's activation and usage… She found that there was one thing that wasn't anywhere on it. Still, not wanting to interrupt again, she continued reading. She'd already pulled the man out of his thoughts once already and she felt like it'd be lazy of her to ask before she at least put some effort into looking for what she'd thought of.

But when their time was nearing its end, she decided to go for it rather than wait for whenever Professor Davis decided to have another session like that one.

"I was checking the activation effects," she commented and the man raised an eyebrow at her. "It doesn't say anything about effects it might have on the pull you say the pieces have towards each other."

"Because nothing seems to happen. If the pull's noticeable, the activation doesn't seem to be…" Professor Davis started explaining before he slowed down and trailed off a bit. "... any more obvious than in dormant state…"

"Professor?" Dion asked, because that looked like a breakthrough if she'd ever seen one.

"Sorry, I have to go check on something," the man told her, suddenly eager to get somewhere and do something. And she had no idea where or what. "Remember to tell Ravel that you helped me a lot next time you see her, alright? Don't be shy," he said.

And then he teleported away.

And Dion was left wondering what she'd clued him in on.

The curiosity alone would kill her, she was sure.


[}-o-{]
​

[Joshua Davis]

Not to toot his own horn, but Joshua was very proud that his idea had borne fruit.

He made a mental note to seek out outside perspectives whenever possible, especially if he was struggling. Maybe the people he talked to wouldn't have much of an idea of what was going on, but they could always say something outside of what he considered. 'It's also happened a lot, hasn't it?' he thought, pausing as he remembered at least two instances when that kind of situation played out.

All the same, he focused back to what he was doing almost instantly.

Because Dion had given him an idea. Maybe the activation of Sephiroth Graal didn't show any obvious effects… but that was on their side. What if Valerie using it had an effect on the other side? What if Valerie using her side of the Sacred Gear made the other side pull towards hers? If so, maybe the times when they thought they'd picked up on something were Khaos Brigade using their piece or pieces for something, maybe testing things out considering they were now trying to fix something.

'If so… Maybe we can find them,' he thought.

Immediately afterwards though, it was like someone threw a bucket of cold water at him. Because how was he supposed to do that? He didn't know where to look, after all. So, how was he going to know if somewhere out there, the Sephiroth Graal piece reacted when Valerie used hers? He could spread out a net of arrays to look for something, maybe. But that'd leave holes everywhere.

If the terrorists were somewhere in his area of influence, then he'd have found them already.

He could try to spread his reach more through the agreements he was making with other factions, for sure, but… Would that be enough? 'It might need to be enough,' he thought to himself, pursing his lips. That didn't sound good, at all. However, it was either that or thinking about something else. And considering he had come up with the idea by being inspired by his student when he had run out of good options and started looking for alternative approaches…

Well, it might really need to be enough.

"That's a worrisome face to see," Yasaka commented and he almost sighed. Instead, he offered her a helpless smile as a response and a shrug. "Well, that's reassuring," she added sarcastically. "Want to talk about it?" she asked and he had a denial at the tip of his tongue.

Joshua didn't like to worry his loved ones, in general. He wanted to worry them even less so when it came to his own failures and struggles. They all had plenty on their plates already too, considering his partners were all faction leaders, for example. Nevermind all the other extra things they were doing as part of the Anti-Khaos alliance.

Alas, it wasn't like he could make them let it go if they really wanted an answer.

"I just got an idea… but it feels like I'm running at a wall, again," he admitted, leaning away from his notes and sighing. "I keep getting hints and ideas and all these things… and Khaos is still out of my reach. It's frustrating," he explained and he felt horrible for doing that. Because Yasaka was in the same situation, wasn't she? They were all hunting the terrorists down and yet… nothing they did seemed to bring them any closer to the end of things.

"You're making progress, are you not?" she asked him with a patient smile and a soft tone. The same one she'd used more times than he cared to count with him. It was, just like most of those times, accompanied by her life energy wrapping around him like a soothing blanket. And that was accompanied, that time, by a few of her tails around body too. "That's not nothing, Joshua."

"Then why does it feel like it is?" he asked, even though he could almost feel his worries bleeding off of him by the second just with her and her life energy by his side. "They are out there, making plans and progressing and I'm… I feel stuck. They are gonna be ready eventually. If I can't find them, then they'll have the advantage," he said and he knew she knew all that. But… she had asked, hadn't she?

"We're all in the same situation as you," she said, moving to sit closer, leaning on his side and all. "You're not alone. We're working on this too and we're getting help. Eventually, we'll manage."

"And if we don't?" he asked, one of his hands absently running his fingers through the soft fur of one of her tails.

"Then we'll have to be strong enough to answer Khaos Brigade's plans when they strike," she answered bluntly. "It's not ideal, not at all. But there's nothing else for us to do, so that's what we have to do."

That was… not reassuring, or it wasn't supposed to be.

Yet, Joshua did find it somewhat comforting.

Because they'd do it, or they wouldn't. It wasn't their fault if they failed and that… that did take a bit of the weight off. Not a lot, not even enough, but it made things ever so slightly easier.

"Now, I believe that brilliant brain of yours will work better if you manage to relax. What do you say we go somewhere for something to eat, just you and I," Yasaka suggested and he smiled. "You did manage to make my range reach some new places, after all, and I'd like to enjoy that."

"That sounds perfect."


[}-o-{]
​

[The Rising Power to Live]

The world was forgetting that he existed.

Again.

Contrary to before, he was not going to allow it. It was not okay for it to happen. Because now… now he'd found a mission, a goal. He wasn't going to just let them all forget that he was there, that he was a threat. No, he had spent way too many years being nothing but a spectator of the world.

He had decided to step out into the world, so the world wasn't allowed to just think he was done. No matter how much the new little devils and the rest of the shining birds worked together, no matter how many pets and strangers they brought into the game, he wasn't going to let the indifference build again. He had a lot more to show the world and all his power, all his skill, they weren't going to just be ignored.

Unfortunately, just like they were underestimating him, he had underestimated them. He had thought the little strays from all over the world would be enough. Fools could only get so far, evidently, even if one gave them all the power in the world. They had ruined everything, but maybe it was on him, for thinking they'd be enough, even when given a sliver of Infinity to help them.

Now he'd lost the Ouroboros Dragon somehow and he just knew it had to do with the alliance of pests that had gotten in his way. He would even go as far as pointing at the one human amongst beasts, because he had repeatedly, stubbornly gotten in his way again and again. Joshua Davis was a human in name only, far as he was concerned, because no normal human would do half of what that one man was doing all over the world.

He had to be dealt with.

Everyone had to be dealt with.

So, that's why he moved, hating that he had to skulk around like a rat, but alas… Annoying times required annoying measures. One such measure was what he was doing at that very moment, walking through the ruins of an ancient city with stories almost forgotten and overshadowed, but nevertheless full of potential. Potential that he could very much use.

So, once he reached his destination, he ignored the way the magicians and other little pests he'd gathered around him inspected the area. He ignored his servant, always so idiotically determined to do his duty to the House. Instead, he put all his attention in his one prize, the one thing he'd gotten out of the entire mess that had befallen his organization, his project.

He pulled out the cup of the Holy Grail and inspected it.

It was cracked, the golden metal stained with dull grey and even sickly purple-black spots spread over its surface. It shone weakly even in bright light and in darker areas it even seemed to dim the light around it more than anything. Liquid poured inside went bad faster or outright disappeared. It was a mockery of what it was supposed to be, what it once was…

But maybe it could still be used.

Because he could no longer expect the little strays to help him fix the broken artifact. It'd been a stretch of the imagination to think they could before, but after they had continued to be raided and hindered… It was a fool's errand if he'd ever seen one. He was also having more and more trouble recruiting, what with how many losses they'd had to take.

No promises of power, riches and more could turn people towards a cause that they saw as lost already.

Fools, the lot of them.

However, he would show them, he would show them all and he had just the things he needed. Because he couldn't quite go with what he'd planned at first. Not then, not with how the Holy Grail had been wrecked. He couldn't risk ruining everything by his own hand. So, instead, he would need to do something different, run some tests… and maybe spread some chaos while he was at it.

The idea made him smile, but that would have to come later.

For the moment, they needed to get started right there in Thebes. He might have all the time in the world, but that didn't mean he could waste it. Not when his enemies were getting better and better with every passing day. So, he focused and channeled his magic into the Grail. He let it process the energy, and then…

Then he used it, spreading its power over the burial grounds that had taken him so long to find and access. He channeled its power… and found the presences there, never truly gone. He found them and he shifted them… except they started to twist themselves. The corrupting power went out of control almost immediately, but he could only watch, fascinated.

He watched what once had been mighty warriors turn into the kind of creature that Grandfather would have balked at. He watched beings the likes of which his enemies would cower at and grinned. Because this… this was much better than what he'd thought he would get. Not what he wanted, but better.

Oh yes.

'The world is not ready for these Spartoi,' Rizevim Livan Lucifer thought as he watched his creations rise. 'Not ready at all.'


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Progress being made all around, huh? On Joshua's side as much as on Khaos side.

I think it was about time they started making moves again, don't you? And I also thought it was about time for me to write a PoV from someone on that side too. So, why not kill two birds with one stone, right?

Let me know what you think, of that and the chapter in general, really.

And I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you have any lights turned on around you? I have a desk lamp turned on right now, giving some light to my terrariums.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 105 others
Adrian King
May 12, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 238 - I Didn’t Know I Was Blind New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
May 19, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,576
I Didn't Know I Was Blind

[Joshua Davis]

'You're sure you're fine?' he asked in his mind.

"Fine fine," Friday replied almost cheerfully. Some of that was lost in her determination and focus, however, but that didn't make her less adorable. If anything, it just gave Joshua the mental picture of a child very intently working on a drawing, tongue poking out and eyes narrowed. "I do this," she insisted, as if taking his amusement as doubt, which prompted him to reassure her of his confidence.

He did so while walking, feeling the weight of Morag's body clinging to his back.

Idly though, as he did so, he noted that Friday was getting places with her speech. She didn't even seem to be slipping all that much even when she tried more complex "sentences". Her "voice" came clear and more defined. She didn't sound like anyone in particular, but sometimes he thought he caught hints of both Serafall and Gabriel, interestingly.

He'd ask about it, but he felt like that'd be rude, sort of. He had tried to subtly get an answer anyway, but she'd seemed to divert from that topic when he approached it, not suspiciously, but obviously. Maybe because she didn't want to talk about it, which meant that he felt even more reluctant to push for it. Maybe she just wanted to keep that to herself, making it into an exclusively "her" thing.

Joshua could respect that.

"What are we doing today, daddy?" Morag asked, peeking over his shoulder curving half of her body over it. Giving her a piggyback ride was always a little awkward like that. After all, she could cling to his back with her spider legs, leaving most of her human body free to do whatever. It was sort of – but not really – like having her sitting on his shoulders, rather than a piggyback ride, he supposed.

"I thought we could just spend some time in Asia's garden," he commented, his left hand falling on top of Cheshire's head. She was in tiger form. She tended to be when he was free to pet her and walking, since that was at about the right height for it. Otherwise she was more likely to be in cat form unless they were fighting, in which case she'd just use the byakko form. "Nagini's already waiting for us there," he added.

Because the snake had a somewhat difficult time slithering around the place, what with her size. So, she'd either take her time slowly getting wherever she was going or she'd just have him teleport her. That latter one was the case that very day, for example. It was a shame that she didn't have a size changing skill like Cheshire, but maybe that was because she didn't care for it.

She never seemed particularly bothered by the limitations of her size, at least.

"But are we doing something there?" Morag asked, switching from peeking over one shoulder to the other. "Or are we just walking around?"

"Did you want to do something in particular?" Joshua asked, because it felt like maybe she was trying to get to something. "Because I'm down for pretty much anything," he said. He needed some time to get things done, after all.

And he also needed to wait before trying something he had in mind.

It was odd, to have to just… let a project sit there because he couldn't do much about it until something outside of his control happened. However, that was just the way the world worked, for the most part. It just hadn't happened to Joshua in particular for quite a while. Those days, however, he had to deal with his stalled project and with Khaos just remaining hidden.

They weren't even getting very many raids on random bases anymore.

They had either hunted down most of the organization or their targets had gotten that much better at hiding. The latter was a worrying possibility, but his partners did seem to think the former could be the case, or that it was at least a mix of the two things. The world was full of idiots and bad people, but it didn't have that many. Especially in the sense that those that were still around would be more wary of joining Khaos. Not all their raids and battles were public knowledge, but enough of them were that they'd give people pause.

So-

"I thought maybe I could make some web art about all of us. It's been a while," Morag answered, pulling him out of his thoughts and by then they were already halfway through the garden, with Nagini in sight. Joshua tried not to grimace at the little jorōgumo's words. That was basically her saying that he hadn't spent time with them for long enough for her to make one in quite a while. "Can we?" she pressed and he smiled a little.

"Sure, Nagini will love to just sit there curled up, for sure," he answered, his smile widening when he heard and saw her cheer. Then he glanced at the aforementioned snake and he saw her having a hissed conversation with a chirping Margalo. "Good luck convincing Margalo of that though," he added and that seemed to take some of the wind out of her sails. "Do you need Friday here?" Joshua added, because he'd feel bad if they left out the living spell, admittedly.

"She can join later if she's busy," Morag reassured him and he nodded.

He felt a little bad, but the living spell seemed fine with the arrangement before and also after he checked again just then. She had even seemed excited about working on her own, actually. At that very moment, she was studying Katerea on her own, having the devil using her Power over and over and trying to pick up stuff. She had also been the one to suggest it and on her own and Joshua hadn't wanted to shut her down or anything.

He also hadn't had any reason to do so, so there was that.

"Be there," Friday commented when he communicated the new development. "Just call. Busy now."

Why did all his children inherit his worst traits?

Was he cursed somehow?


[}-o-{]
​

"Very thorough and very quick," Joshua commented, looking over the files that Serafall had brought for him.

As planned, his partners had dealt with Grigori in order to get him some information on Sacred Gears similar to Sephiroth Graal. Granted, there wasn't much that came even close, but there were some tangentially similar ones here and there. For the most part, nothing quite got as close as Katerea's Power of Sea, but some of them could somewhat – maybe – fill in the blanks left by it. He'd have to study the information and then maybe run some tests.

"Penemue is very efficient," Serafall replied, smiling happily, content to leave him to his reading while she dug into an ice cream bowl that had enough of the stuff for a school bus full of children. He wasn't sure how she managed to ingest so much of it without dealing with any issues, but he chucked that to Devil physiology or some kind of magic use or inherent Devil power. Maybe it boiled down to her ice variant of her family's Power?

Maybe that would be worth studying once he had time.

"You've all been working with Penemue a lot," Joshua commented absently, although he was anything but. He didn't care for politics, he really didn't. He also didn't care for Grigori much those days. Neither of those things stopped him from noticing that his partners almost never seemed to mention Azazel. It was always Penemue.

At first, he'd thought it was just because they didn't want to bring the fallen Governor up around him because of all the problems that surrounded that particular individual.

He wasn't so sure anymore.

"Yup," was all Serafall said and she seemed preoccupied, so he kept his theories and thoughts to himself. It wasn't that important anyway. Maybe he could ask them at some other point. As it was, he had reading to do.

That is, until he flipped to a different folder expecting to see more Sacred Gear stuff.

Instead, Joshua saw a file on a devil pillar's Power. Before he opened it though, there was a note stuck to the front of it, keeping it closed. 'Conditions,' the title on the note read. Blinking, he glanced at Serafall and saw her still very much focusing on her snack.

Silently, he started reading the notes conditions and he found himself more and more surprised. It boiled down to him being allowed to learn about that particular Power if he, at a later date, helped devilkind with a particular issue. The issue of their birth rate, to be specific.

His eyebrows shot up.

"Found the Power file?" Serafall asked, finally tearing her eyes away from her ice cream to look at him. "Zekram's the one that brought that one up, actually," she added, as if everything else weren't surprising enough. "That Power's house is extinct, they didn't survive the Great War. Zechs was working on getting its Power information for you, but… Well, the old man beat him to it."

"Huh… Well, this is awkward," Joshua commented with a wry smile.

"How so?" Serafall asked, eyebrows up.

"I was already planning on doing something about this," he commented, waving vaguely at the file. Or, more precisely, at the conditions' notes. "Unless I read things wrong and you were really joking when you said you wanted children too," he added, looking through the writing to see if he'd missed something. "How much of a priority would this need to be though?" he asked, because he knew Zekram…

Or, at least, Joshua thought he knew him.

The man was being entirely too nice and accommodating those days. Surely there was something wrong. Surely he was missing something, or the devil was up to something. It couldn't all be going without issues, right? The man had to be up to something. He was a schemer. Much as Joshua would like to think that he was an ally because their goals were somewhat aligned for the moment, he had to consider the idea that he might want to screw him over.

Although, if Serafall had brought the file, then that probably meant that Sirzechs and her had already checked it and it seemed fine?

Speaking of…

"Serafall?" he asked when he received no answer, looking up and seeing the devil staring at him, spoon frozen midway between her mouth and the bowl. "Something the matter?" he added, blinking. Then he went over what he'd said before and considered… "Did I say something weird?" He grimaced. "I did, didn't I?" Joshua added with a groan, setting the files on the table and rubbing a hand over his face. "Sorry."

"Sometimes you say some things so casually, Josh," Serafall said and he all but flinched.

"I know, I just don't realize-," he started before cutting himself off. Right, it didn't matter. "I'm sorry," he told her, eyes down on the files. Better to get it over with and go back to talking about something else before he cringed to death. "So, if you think this is a good deal, then-"

"I do," Serafall interrupted and he nodded.

"Right, so-"

"I do want them," Serafall interrupted again and he paused, blinking again as he tried to figure out where her words fit. "I do want children," she clarified and he looked up to see her giving him a look that she didn't wear often. There was a hesitation in her smile and she seemed to make herself look small, which she was even if she didn't appear to be most of the time. All the same, there was a glint in her eyes that took his breath away.

"Oh," was the most eloquent response Joshua could manage and her smile widened the slightest bit.

They didn't talk about the files – or much of anything – for quite a bit after that.


[}-o-{]
​

"Dad?" the question made Joshua jump a little and it took him a solid second to remember that he was in bed. Then another second to recognize that it'd been Kunou that called him and he blinked. "Sorry," he heard his daughter say and he brought a hand up to his face to rub the sleep off.

"What's up?" he asked, his voice kind of growly, even more than it usually was when he was just waking up. Then he paused and held back a flinch, or any other reaction. "Did you need something?" Joshua added, and he hoped his voice didn't come off strange with the lingering exhaustion. "It's early to be up, isn't it?"

"It's ten in the morning though."

'Ah, that's why the spells didn't work,' he thought, making a mental note to change how they kept track of things. Evidently, time wasn't a good enough measure.

"I said what I said," Joshua mumbled, getting a giggle out of Kunou. 'Alright, so we're safe for now,' he told himself, taking a deep breath in and shifting to push himself up a little. Very, very carefully, however. "So, what do you need?" he asked and he saw the girl shifting a little.

"Koneko and Ravel dropped by and I wanted to know if we could set up the flying game again," she asked and he took a moment to think that over. All he wanted was to go back to sleep. He was still exhausted. And besides that, there was also the fact that… Well…

All the same, Joshua crumbled at her hesitantly hopeful look.

"Sure, give me a bit, yeah?" he asked with a weak smile. "Can you get me a cup of tea while I get up?" he added but she was already cheering and shouting something to the other two girls while leaving the room. With a thought, he closed the door behind her and groaned.

Then he huffed and turned to sit on the edge of the bed.

"That was close," a voice said and then he felt soft arms wrap around him and a head resting on his shoulder. And then there was the rest of Serafall pressing against his back. "Good thing she was too eager to even turn the lights on, huh?"

"No kidding," Joshua mumbled, bringing a hand up to his neck and rubbing it wearily. "Well, I guess I have to go now," he added with a half-smile. "You coming?" he asked, not even aware enough to realize that was a poor choice of words with Serafall. Although, mercifully, she didn't go for it.

"I mean, I really want to stay here for a little longer," she whispered in his ear and it was so unfair that he had to leave. "You sure you can't stay a little longer?" she added breathily and then she gave his ear a slight nibble.

And so unfair turned into too unfair.

Which…

"You took forever!" Kunou whined some time later before pouting at him and Joshua just stared at her. Then he brought his cup to his lips and took a sip. "Dad!"

"Hm, I'll remember this attitude next time you wanna sleep in," he commented and that just made her pout harder. Joshua didn't have the energy then and there to deal with any of that. So, instead, he moved past Kunou and the other two girls – he dutifully ignored Koneko's narrowed eyes – and waved his hand to start setting up a flight range for them to play in. "Morag's going to be joining, by the way," he added, feeling his familiar crawling their way.

"But she cheats!" Kunou protested.

"You're going to play with her too, or there'll be no spellcrafting for you for a week," Joshua said, giving her an unimpressed look. That seemed to snap her out of it for a long second in which she paled and stared at him wide-eyed.

"Why?"

"Because she's your sister too, so I don't want you to leave her out of things. You also woke me up to do something for you and you're still whining," he pointed out and then he raised an eyebrow. "And I haven't heard a single please in all this time, have I?" he added. Kunou looked like she wanted to protest that for a moment before she deflated as she realized that he was right. "That's what I thought. So, Morag is playing, and you're not going to make her feel bad for doing well. Is that clear?"

"... Yes," Kunou mumbled.

"Louder, like you mean it."

"Yes, dad," she said, more clearly. "I'm sorry."

"So long as you know what you did wrong and try not to do it in the future," Joshua commented, ruffling her hair. "How're you two doing?" he asked then, turning his attention towards the other two girls. "I don't remember either of you saying you'd come in the morning," he added.

"Felt like it," Koneko replied, taking a cookie from the tray he'd brought.

"Riser was being an idiot," Ravel offered with a shrug.

Joshua just nodded at them.

Sounded about right.

"Well, are you staying for lunch?" he asked and the two shared a look between themselves. "I'm cooking."

"Yes."

"If you insist."

He stared at them.

They stared back.

He raised an eyebrow.

"What do we say?" Joshua asked when it became obvious that they weren't getting the hint. Seriously, he'd just brought up the issue with Kunou and she was right there. What kind of example was that?

"Please?" Koneko asked, catching up first.

"Please," Ravel said, more earnestly, realizing that the reincarnated nekoshou's guess was right.

"Look alive, girls," Joshua told them with a roll of his eyes. "You're older sisters now. You gotta be good role models or Kunou will end up more spoiled than she already is." Granted, that was almost entirely his fault, but he could be excused for that. He had a weakness and everyone and their mothers knew it. Said weakness was like, most of the reason why the two had ended up all but adopted too.

"Wait, what?" Kunou asked, suddenly catching up with his words a second later.

"I said what I said."


[}-o-{]
​

"Your chosen is doing well," Isis commented at the back of his mind as he watched Levi take over his class for a moment to explain one of the points they were learning that day. It was a matter of about fifteen minutes in a course that was an hour long, but it was something. Better than when he had to throw the guy off the deep end, but also not completely taking back over the class himself.

'I know. He's great,' Joshua thought back to the goddess.

He noticed Thoth's pride reaching his mind too. Interestingly, the god's messages and emotions felt like they were far away, like he was in another room compared to the rest of the pantheon that was freeloading in his mind most of the time. He guessed it was because Thoth was more with Levi than he was with him, in a sense. That'd make sense, even though it sounded odd to him.

He wasn't about to start questioning that kind of thing though.

He had other things to focus on.

That's why Joshua turned his attention back to his stuff and continued working on it. Between the Stars and Ravel, Levi had all the back up he could possibly need. And if that wasn't enough, then someone – probably the Phenex girl sitting beside him – would poke him and then he'd send whoever gave Levi trouble away for the day… or the month… or forever.

As it was, he wanted some free time to go over some new data that he'd gotten. It wouldn't be enough to do much of anything, but at least he could get started getting the gist of it. Then he could read it properly when class was over. As it was…

'It seems… possible,' Joshua thought, somewhat surprised as he went over some of the data that Friday had forwarded to him. He'd had her running some tests as a way for her to learn and… she'd gotten him some very interesting information. 'That's… good,' he added, although even in his own mind he couldn't quite make it sound certain nor happy. For once, he had wanted one of his ideas to be completely impossible, after all. 'It's gonna be a nightmare to implement.'

A political nightmare at that, which made it about ten times worse.

His partners and him would be having a lot of trouble convincing people to go along with that. At least Joshua had somewhat gotten things started with his deals. The Norse were going to be on board, especially once he got started on fulfilling his side of the deal. Serafall and Gabriel were still discussing some things with a few South American factions and Yasaka was positive she could have the Koreans on board. Not even needing a big favor like he'd suggested with those latter ones, at that, but maybe that'd be necessary if he brought up his newest idea…

"Mr. Davis," Ravel called him and he nodded.

"Right," Joshua said, looking up. It was time to continue the class, which he did. Good thing it was all stuff that he had very clear in his own head. He could almost turn his brain off while talking at that point. He didn't though, because he didn't want to ruin the class by doing so. He knew what a teacher droning off could be like and he didn't want to do that.

Besides, thinking too much about things wouldn't help him.

He needed the opinion of more knowledgeable people.

"That's that," Joshua announced once he was done about twenty or so minutes later. "If you have any doubts, feel free to approach the Stars. If they can't help you, they can get your messages to me and I'll see what I can do," he said, like he'd taken to not too long before.

It helped the Stars build up some connections and a reputation, and it took work off his back.

Two birds with one stone, which was great.

"Mr. Davis?" Ravel asked, clearly noticing that something was up. "You asked to have a visit to the dungeons scheduled now."

"We're putting that off. Are Yasaka, Gabriel or Serafall free around this time?" Joshua asked and she startled a little before flipping pages on her notepad.

"I'm… not sure. Yasaka should be occupied. Serafall had a meeting with one of the Pillars, but I'm not sure if she'd still be there now," the girl answered, clearly upset that she couldn't give a better answer. He reassured her with a pat on the head.

"It's fine. You manage my schedule, not theirs," he reassured before taking a deep breath in. "Guess I'll call Gabriel and hope she's free," he commented.

"Yes?" was the response he got when he did and it was quick, so he imagined things were fine. "Class went well?"

"Well enough," Joshua answered, running his fingers through his hair. "Are things going well over there? I hope I'm not interrupting."

"Not at all," Gabriel answered and she sounded like she meant that, at least. "I was just reviewing some things. I was actually going to drop by the house in a bit, maybe we can both work together," she added he smiled. That sounded like a great idea.

"Sounds like a plan to me," he replied with a nod that the angel couldn't see. "Anything I can help with?" he asked, before he might as well offer. There was often not much he could do to actually help, but he felt better at least offering. And sometimes they did take him up on the offer… and sometimes Ravel would have to point out that he could help, when they refused to let him.

She was a life saver like that.

"I don't think so, but we can see," she said and he took that to mean yes. "What about you?" she asked.

"That's kind of why I called you immediately, actually," he answered honestly. "I found out some stuff, so I want to run a few things past you three and I wanted to check if anyone was free."

"Well, I am. We can meet and- Wait. Give me a minute," Gabriel said.

"Sure," he said, but he could tell that she'd already turned towards whatever new thing had popped up. So, while he waited, he turned towards Ravel. "What do you say we go get something to eat?"

"... Fries and a soda?" she asked after a moment, almost shyly. It was adorable.

"Sure, that sounds-"

"How fast can you get to Greece, Joshua?" Gabriel said, and her tone alone made him straighten.

"Tell me where and why and I'm there," he replied, already feeling bad for having to call an immediate raincheck on Ravel.

"Thebes and… Khaos used their Grail."

'... Fuck'


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

The four sections of the chapter were written in harmony. Then everything changed when the Khaos Brigade attacked. Although, let's be real, everyone saw that one coming.

Or did you?

Hehehe…

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What's the last thing that you remember that inspired you? For me, it was a reddit post last night. It's gotten my mind working on ttrpg campaign stuff that I might never use since scheduling sessions is a nightmare, but at least it's fun to work on.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 105 others
Adrian King
May 19, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 239 - Tainting My Blood with Toxins New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
May 26, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,579
Tainting My Blood with Toxins

"You!" a voice shouted immediately after he teleported in and Joshua blinked at the very angry woman. "You will solve this!" she demanded, not quite sounding hysterical, but close enough. It kind of reminded him of his mother when things got the better of her.

And his mother had not been a calm woman when she spiraled, at all.

"Excuse her," another, deeper voice said with a somewhat apologetic, somewhat exasperated expression. "She can be rather emotional despite everything, especially about her things," he added, shrugging in a clear "what kind you do?" gesture.

"... I was told the situation was handled," he commented, unsure of what to do or even say, especially faced with such a… situation right off the bat. Gabriel had said it was better if he got there as soon as possible, even if Khaos's mess had already been dealt with by the locals. Which was new, admittedly, but maybe that was just from his side. Maybe factions had been dealing with Khaos on their own, even if they hadn't joined the alliance Joshua was part of. "Lord Zeus," he added, almost having forgotten the fact that he was, well, dealing with a Faction leader.

In his defense, most faction leaders he dealt with were… friendly, to say the least, and accommodating too. It'd been a while since he'd had to interact with one that he didn't know, even, and forever since he had to without any prior preparation. Because yes, the Norse had been rather recent, really, but he'd had plenty of information going in and a game plan. To add insult to injury, Joshua also didn't remember much of anything in regards to the Greek pantheon from canon, admittedly.

"This is not handled at all, Davis!" the woman hissed, waving her hand behind her and Joshua blinked at the sight of the… man?... 'Creature, more like,' he decided. And he was reminded of Katerea, but much worse. The thing had a bundle of tentacles for a head and an amalgamation of fur and scales for skin. A chittering sound like a cicada's came out of… somewhere and a tail covered in wet – slimy? – feathers swished around erratically. The arms and legs were thrashing around under a net that covered the whole thing and he noticed that they twisted and turned in impossible angles, at least if the thing had anywhere close to a normal bone structure.

"What am I looking at?" he asked, blinking, and that seemed to infuriate the woman even more. Idly, he noticed how his question could be applied to her too, even if he hadn't said it with that intention. Fortunately, he imagined nobody would take it that way… hopefully.

He would rather not cause an interfaction incident.

"That," the woman said, visibly trying to keep a semblance of composure and not being very successful. "Is one my Spartoi," she said and he blinked.

"Oh, I think I know that story," he commented, turning to look at the chaotic creation. Well, he wasn't sure how they were supposed to look like in DxD, but he doubted they were supposed to look like eldritch abominations. "The warriors that rose from sown dragon teeth, right?"

"Yes," the woman answered and she seemed to calm down considerably for whatever reason. "I gave those to Cadmus," she added and he nodded, although that still didn't clear out who she was. His question had covered about as much as he knew of that particular myth, Joshua would admit. "You offered a miracle for us, I want you to fix him," she added, eyes narrowed, before Zeus coughed into his fist.

Which earned him a glare from the woman.

"Athena, be reasonable," the god said and Joshua silently thanked him for letting him know who the woman – the goddess – was. "I know you're attached to them, but-"

"Are you going to deny me this, father?" Athena interrupted and the Greek leader paused, considering his daughter for a long moment. "Because you don't want to do that," she added, with an edge in her voice.

Joshua was getting the feeling that he was missing some context in that exchange and he wasn't sure if he should even be paying attention to it at all. They were right in front of him though, so… It wasn't like he could do much else. Was he supposed to turn away and do something else? He was pretty sure that'd be insulting.

So, as discreetly as he could, he checked on Ravel, who was slightly behind him and to the side. She seemed to be of the same awkward opinion as him, unfortunately. Thus, in the spirit of doing something productive with his time while the deities argued, he checked on the captured Spartoi…

And it was most certainly… something.

He could make no heads or tails of it. Vaguely, if he looked really, really deep, he thought he could get hints of a man… but that was about it. No surprise there, he supposed, since Spartoi weren't supposed to be men, not really. Last he'd checked, men didn't just spawn from sowing teeth on the ground.

And that was without whatever the fuck the broken Grail had done to it… him?

The worst part was that, upon further inspection, Joshua noticed that it was still changing. Slowly, ever so slowly, but the energies were shifting and he could almost see it in the color of the fur, or the shape and number of tentacles or how the feathers seemed to be turning into some kind of weird filaments. 'Fascinating,' he thought to himself. 'Horrific, but fascinating.'

"Very well," Zeus said, with a tone of finality to the words that dragged Joshua's attention back to him and Athena. Which was good, because the god had straightened and turned to look at him. "Davis, Seraphin Gabriel spoke to us of your offer. If you could help us with this matter, we'll consider it. However, we can't promise that this will be all there is to it on our side," he explained and Joshua considered that for as long a moment as he could afford to.

"I'll have to check with the rest of the alliance," he replied as diplomatically as he could, using a phrase that he'd been taught long ago for such circumstances. "But if you don't mind, I can take a look at him now, so that I can start faster if we can reach an agreement."

"Please, do," Athena told him with a nod that he returned, glancing between the two of them before turning his attention to the Spartoi. 'Actually, are they called that when it's just one? Or is Spartoi a plural? It sounds like a plural,' he wondered idly. Something to look into.

Ultimately, it wasn't that important.

"Mr. Davis," Ravel said and he looked at her with a raised eyebrow. Had he messed up without knowing? That was a real possibility and he knew it. He hadn't gotten cursed, at least, so he was a little reassured by that. He noticed, with some amusement, the Egyptian gods at the back of his mind scoffing.

Good to know they had his back.

"That was well handled," Ravel told him and it was odd to be praised by someone that not only was but also looked and behaved so much younger. He knew she knew what she was talking about though, so he took it as the compliment it was. "Not quite how I'd have said any of that, but for a surprise interaction, you did well."

"Thank you," he commented with a grin. "Maybe you all are rubbing off on me," he added and that seemed to please the girl. He wasn't sure he was as happy about that, but he didn't comment on it either way. "Now… this," he mused, looking at the twisted creature that had once been part of Greek myth and was now… part of unspeakable horrors somehow.

"Do you want me to ask for permission to cast spells, Mr. Davis?" Ravel asked and he considered that for a long moment before running his fingers through his hair. He shouldn't agree to that, he knew. Ravel was great, indeed, but she wasn't a proper representative when talking to a faction that didn't know him or her. Maybe if they grew close, but as it was…

"I'll handle it, just tell me what to say," he decided, resigning himself to more talking and dealing with people. He could feel the energy leaving his body just thinking about it. Alas, it was a small price to pay in order not to put Ravel in a bad spot.

"Seeking advice from those better qualified," a voice said and he saw Ravel stiffen. Joshua, for his part, found himself fairly calm, mainly because the words had been spoken calmly, even positively. "It takes wisdom to realize that's necessary," Athena said, a barely there smile tugging at her lips and a calm warmth in her eyes that hadn't been there before.

Maybe she'd calmed down already.

Idly though, Joshua wondered if it was just him thinking it was incredibly cliche for the Goddess of Wisdom to say such a thing.

"And you can cast your magic, goēs," the goddess said and he blinked, wondering what that word was supposed to mean. He was almost sure that it wasn't meant to be English there, but it did sound like goes... He didn't ask though, simply nodding and waving his hand to make a bunch of pieces of paper appear in a perfect arrangement. Then came the foci, wardstones and plants and creature pieces and trinkets. All of them were part of his usual analysis set-up.

He could do something more specific to the situation once he got more information.

"You had that ready?" Athena asked, narrowing her eyes at the circles. He wondered if the Greek had their own system, like the Norse and their runes. They very well could, he supposed. He almost wanted to ask about it, but it was probably not the time.

It was very tempting though.

"I've found myself analysing a lot of things for data," he explained, his attention almost fully on the spell array as it slowly came alive. He could have had it appear faster, for sure, but there was no harm in taking his time. The Spartoi wasn't going anywhere. "I've learned to have something ready for a rainy day," he added and the woman nodded beside him.

She remained silent afterwards and that was just fine for Joshua.

He preferred it, really. Sure, it would've been better if he was left to his own devices, but silence was the next best thing. Better than having to talk to her, that was for sure. He didn't know her and while she looked calmer, her previous mood hadn't done anything to make him want to talk to her.

"I'm sorry for how I acted before," she said after a good few minutes, when the last spell in the array came alive and he was about to start checking things for real. He almost sighed, disappointed at the broken peace. He didn't, thankfully, but he sorely wanted to. "That was unbecoming of me."

"No harm done," he replied with a nod, hoping against hope that he didn't sound like an idiot or too curt. "This must have been an unpleasant surprise," he added and he was pretty sure that was a neutral enough comment not to trigger much of anything.

"That's one way to put it," the goddess told him and he could tell the beginnings of an edge in her tone again. "This is an insult the likes of which I haven't received in quite a while, to twist my creations like so… You're sure Khaos is behind this? Gabriel seemed to be."

"This is the broken Grail, I'm very sure," he confirmed almost immediately. He knew what to look for and while it was different from what Valerie could do, there were enough similarities. "And for what it's worth, I'm sorry this happened."

"Nothing for you to apologize," Athena told him, suddenly a little amused. Although, there was no hiding the storm brewing in her eyes. One that her father would be proud of, he was sure. "Do you think you can fix this?"

"I might," he said, maybe a little too calmly, a little too casually. "If I can't, then the Grail's rightful holder should be able to. If that fails, then there'll be a better chance if we can manage to fix it," he added, which was where his calm came from. If those options failed though… How difficult could it really be? With time, Joshua wasn't sure if there was something magic couldn't do.

It was that amazing, really.

"Thank you," the goddess told him before nodding and walking away.

And Joshua relaxed, getting back to work.


[}-o-{]
​

"I had the most interesting conversation with Athena today," Gabriel commented and there was something in her flat tone that set Joshua on edge. He stiffened the smallest bit as he looked up from his notes on the Spartos – apparently, that was the singular for the sown man – and what had happened to him.

"I knew I was too informal," he groaned with a grimace. "I shouldn't be left alone with political figures. Ravel can't speak for me if they don't know us," he muttered, massaging his forehead.

He was met with silence though, and he noticed after a few seconds. Holding back a second grimace, he looked up again, preparing himself for another politics lecture that would wither his poor soul away. He could feel the Egyptians' amusement at the situation too, which wasn't really helping.

That is, until he saw the looks that his partners were giving him and he wondered if he'd missed something.

"What?"

"Never change, Josh. Never change," Serafall said, patting his arm comfortingly. Which only confused him further, really. "Although, I think changing a little would be easier on us," she added wryly.

"What did I miss?" he asked, because he was getting a little nervous, admittedly, if for different reasons from before.

"Nothing you need to worry about," Yasaka answered, visibly turning towards her cup of tea and taking a sip. That was extremely suspicious, but Joshua decided that he might be better off not knowing. "Although, you make a good point. Someone should be there with you if you're meeting other factions, especially unprepared."

"I agree. I was busy, but maybe I could have asked the Greek to wait a little. They had the situation handled, after all," Gabriel replied consideringly and Joshua wondered if he should say what came to his mind. In the end, he decided to do it anyway, even if his insight was probably all sorts of wrong.

"They seemed to really want some more answers," he said and all three of them turned towards him. "Even Zeus, but especially Athena. They really wanted some answers. I couldn't tell them much, but they seemed happy enough to know something and even happier to know I was looking into it," he commented, a slight smile pulling at his lips as he glanced at his notebook. "It was kind of flattering," he added with a slight shrug.

It made him feel silly, to be happy about something like that. He was praised for what he did all the time, but most people tended to be more shocked than happy about his skills. They tended to look at him like he was a freak of nature rather than someone helpful.

And besides all that, it was just generally nice to get some validation, admittedly.

"Girls!" Serafall exclaimed and he glanced her way with the resignation of someone that knew some Serafall nonsense was coming his way. "That witch is trying to steal our man!" she cried out dramatically and Joshua sighed, bringing a hand up to drag it over his face wearily.

What he wasn't expecting was the follow up though.

"She'll find that it's not that easy," Yasaka said, somewhat reassuring, but also somewhat serious.

"Joshua is ours," Gabriel offered with a smile that he couldn't help but find odd.

"Why are you humoring her?" he asked. He'd expected the two to be voices of reason, like usual. He hadn't expected them to join in. Not that it was unheard of, but this was another pantheon they were joking about. He was pretty sure that was new for them.

"I'm not joking, Josh!" Serafall protested and he rolled his eyes.

"Well, then don't worry. I wouldn't know interest unless it hit me in the face," he said flatly, which they knew first hand. That was what had happened with all of them, after all. "And I wouldn't be with anyone else if you're not okay with it," he added, which they also knew first hand too, since that was what happened with Gabriel.

"Oh," Serafall mumbled thoughtfully.

"Right," Yasaka added with another sip from her tea.

"That's true," Gabriel agreed with a nod.

"I feel like I should be offended by those reactions."

"Still!" Serafall continued, picking up the energy she'd lost for a moment there. Joshua held back a sigh. He would only be so lucky to be done with such a conversation quickly. Life just didn't like him much, especially those days. "It's the principle of the matter, Josh!"

"Can the principle of the matter be less awkward for me?" he asked dryly.

"No!"

"Figured…"

"That aside," Gabriel commented and Joshua could have kissed her. He also would, but later. "Khaos is moving again. Athena confirmed that all five of the Spartoi that rested there were targeted. That means there's four of them somewhere out there." And wasn't that concerning. Because sure, the Greeks had handled that one Spartos, but Joshua had taken a look at the thing.

It was problematic.

It was like a lesser version of dealing with Annihilation Maker, at least for him. Its existence was constantly shifting, which made it very hard to have any kind of defense ready to deal with it. Friday might be able to help him with that, but she could only do so much. Especially if they didn't know when or where they would have to face the aberrant creatures.

'More work,' Joshua thought to himself wryly. 'What's new?'


[}-o-{]
​

[Athena, Goddess of Wisdom]

What they had done was…

She had too many words to describe it and none of them, not even put together, came even close.

She was far away from the mockery that her creation had become, but she could still feel it like she had when she was in front of it. What had once been a perfect warrior was now a monstrosity the likes of which not even her pantheon had seen many of. Echidna herself would have been surprised at the sight of what her Spartoi had seemingly become, she was sure.

And all of that with her divinity in the middle, twisted, perverted. Khaos had taken her energy, her blessing and her legacy and it had spit on all of them equally. Athena couldn't push it away, couldn't stop it from poking at her, at the back of her mind, deep in her domains and reaching to her from her ruined Spartoi. Her dad tried, but it was a feeling unlike any she had ever experienced.

She wondered if that was how her aunts and uncles had felt, back when their own father had devoured them, deprived them of everything they were supposed to be.

Lesser it might be, what happened to her, but Athena found it incredibly vexing all the same.

'They must die,' she thought, eyes narrowed. It'd been a while, admittedly, and her brother tended to be the one in charge of such things, preferred it even and she often let him have that… But she was a goddess of war too. 'They will die, before they defile more than they already have,' she thought, no, promised to herself.

And there was a simple, easily accessible key to make that happen.

Joshua Davis.

The Heracles to Khaos' Hydra. The Perseus to their Medusa. The Theseus to their Minotaur. The Bellerophon to their Chimera. The goēs had made a name for himself in many ways, and one of those ways was the abandon with which he fought Khaos Brigade. He hunted them down like it was his life's mission, his own, personal, self-appointed labor.

'He will be a nice asset,' she thought, her lips pulling into a smile.

Working with the Egyptian pantheon would be… It'd be tricky, but she could make it happen. Gabriel had seemed wary of her, but Athena had no interest in her chosen partner. Not that way, at least. Honestly, she was about the last the angel should be worried about, really. If she knew half the things Athena had heard Aphrodite and Hecate say regarding the man…

Either way, she was more interested in how the man could help her settle the scores. Because Khaos had made the wrong enemy in her, and she would be teaching them exactly that. The goēs would help her do that. She just needed to find the way to make that happen.

And Athena happened to have some ideas already.

So, with a smile, she would approach an old friend. Happily, she would lay the foundations for an alliance. Eagerly, she'd urge her own brother. Because, for that sliver of her that Khaos had decided to taint with their madness, she'd burn them all.

She'd cursed people for lesser insults.

No, they deserved worse, but she knew Davis would have that covered.

"It's been a while since you visited on your own and without plans," was the greeting she got, but she smiled nonetheless. "What brings you here, Athena?"

"Plenty," she answered, and she could tell her fellow goddess was neither amused nor impressed by her non-answer. "But as of right now, I have scales to balance," he added and the goddess raised her eyebrow.

"That sounds more like a Nemesis thing, maybe Themis, depending," was the response she got and she only nodded, acknowledging the point. She moved past that determinedly though.

"Yes, but this fits you so much more and I'm sure you'll agree," Athena replied with barely maintained calm. "After all, magic is your territory, isn't it?" she asked and that earned her narrowed eyes in response. "How would you like to meet that goēs you won't shut up about, Hecate?"

"Davis?" the goddess said, instantly, hurriedly even, almost tripping over the single word. "I heard what happened, but-" Hecate started then before cutting herself off and looking at Athena as if reevaluating her presence there. She was always a smart one. "What is it you want, Athena?"

"Retribution," she answered firmly. "Khaos has done something unforgivable. So, how about you? Don't you want to meet the Domain Authority in the flesh? Don't you want to see the man loved by magic?" she asked and the tone with which she spoke that last word was not missed.

"Athena…"

"I care not for whatever your feelings for the man are, Hecate," she said, and that was the whole truth. Magic goddesses all over the world couldn't shut up about him. They wanted to be either Nepthys, with him firmly in their grasp, or they wanted to be his partners and see what a man for which their very domains bent could be like. Athena sort of understood, because that was a man that knew the importance of knowledge and wisdom and strategy, but alas… She had other things in her mind. "I care for if you're in or out."

"... I'm in," she replied and Athena grinned. "I don't like that face you're making."

"Now, first things first, that was a good idea you presented to me," she mused, because her father tended to be the go to God of Justice, but… "Nemesis and Themis…" she mumbled to herself, considering that. Although, admittedly-

"You're the one dealing with Nemesis, let me tell you," Hecate said and that was really such a shame. However, that wasn't all bad, not entirely. Because-

"Then you're talking to Themis," she replied, because yes, Nemesis could hold a grudge like few others, but Themis could be just as hard to deal with. It showed in the grimace on Hecate's face.

"This is your-"

"I guess I can bring them and not you then," Athena commented.

"I hate you."


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Alright, this chapter feels like a mess.

In my defense though, the Greeks were supposed to be a minor thing in this. I don't know what the fuck happened here, but things spiraled like crazy. I'm not even sure how any of this happened, and I'm the one writing this shit.

So… I blame Khaos.

And the Muse.

Fuck both of them, just you guys wait until I get my hands on either…

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the mess- I mean, chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you watch F1? Because I do and boy was this weekend (Miami GP 2026, just in case) good. My boy Franco ended P7 and the race itself was pretty neat. Sucked for the Ferrari fans, but then again, what's new, right?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 114 others
Adrian King
May 26, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 240 - Demons I Can’t Fight New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 2, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,588
Demons I Can't Fight

'How very interesting.'

Joshua had thought that helping the Norse combat Ragnarök would involve limiting Loki somehow. He'd actually kind of bet on it, since he knew the god of mischief was either part of Khaos or just a regular unconnected villain. He didn't remember too well, but ultimately it didn't matter. Either way, stopping him would have been a plus, even if he couldn't outright kill him and be done with itt.

Any amount of power he could take from Khaos and/or evil that he could spare the world from would help.

Alas…

"So… cages," he commented, sitting across from Odin.

And that was a surprise in and off itself. Or, more accurately, the god was. Because he was nothing like Joshua had imagined and prepared himself to deal with. Hell, he'd talked to everyone that could give him some information on the matter, and everyone had painted pictures that matched his knowledge of the guy fairly well. A bit of an oddball with a perverted streak, more or less, in a way not dissimilar to Serafall's own magical girl act, everyone – and himself – guessed.

Except, the god had been fairly tame. If anything, he was reminding him of… Actually, he didn't have a good example. Because he wasn't completely professional, but he also was nowhere near as bad as Joshua had feared. If anything, he was kind of like Joshua himself, but more whimsical than reluctant in his approach to politics.

"Indeed," the old god said, smiling and waving towards wooden cabins arranged in a circle of sorts. "If it helps, I'd make them good enough to contain a god, or an evil dragon, or something to that effect," Odin explained and Joshua nodded slowly. He wasn't sure which version of Ragnarök they were dealing with, but he didn't really need to know if he had the pantheon on board, right.

The event itself was known by everyone, at least, but nobody knew the specifics. The myths, like back home, weren't very… official, as it were. There were a lot of versions on record and none of them was any more legitimate than the others, as far as the general public was concerned.

If anyone knew though, then it had to be Odin.

'Wonder if that's a subtle way of saying Loki is involved, and Miðgarðsormr too, for that matter,' Joshua thought to himself, running his fingers through his hair as he considered that. 'The first struggle will be that Odin doesn't seem inclined to confirm anything to me,' he mused, taking a deep breath and looking at the old man to see if any new information could be found or offered…

Alas, it was not to be.

"I can do that," he replied with a slow nod. With any luck, letting the god keep his secrecy wouldn't backfire on either of them. And if it did, Joshua hoped it was on the Norse. "Well, if you can give me any specifics, it'd be appreciated. If not, I guess I'll make them as good as can be in a general way. The more I have to do, the longer it'll take to have something ready," he explained, which was truly his only concern on the matter.

Sure, knowing names and stuff would be nice and he was curious… But ultimately, it didn't matter. He had enough on his plate with just Khaos Brigade and Trihexa. That was his main mission at the moment. Far as he knew, DxD never tackled the Norse's Ragnarök, so he should be somewhat safe in that regard. 'Please, let that not be an immediate issue. I might cry if I have to add that to my list,' he thought to himself, taking another deep breath in.

"If time's not an issue, then that's that," he finished with and Odin stared at him with his one eye. For someone that was supposed to be somewhat of a silly old man, the piercing stare of that somewhat faded sky blue eye was fairly intimidating and serious. Joshua stood his ground though, partly because he was saying nothing but the truth, so he wasn't about to apologize for that.

Another part of it was that the Egyptians were all but pressing against the back of his consciousness and he could feel them so very clearly. He wasn't sure what was up with that, but they were very interested in his meetings with Odin. They had before and they were then and there. However, that particular moment seemed to be of special interest, because they were communicating rather than just sitting where they were.

The message he was getting at that very moment was that he shouldn't cave.

"Pettiness shouldn't be encouraged, don't you think?" Odin asked then and Joshua raised an eyebrow at him. He had to be talking about the Egyptians there. It made him wonder what could possibly have happened for the pantheon to be reacting like they were. Especially since they seemed very chill with everyone else and even with the Norse up to that point.

"That's a very odd change of topic," he commented and it was Odin's time to pause and stare. "So, about this job…" he pressed, because if he had to choose between the Egyptians and Odin, then he knew who he would go for. Only one of those options had been helping him with pretty much everything for quite some time.

The other hadn't even bothered to join his alliance against Khaos because of fucking politics.

He was not bitter about that, truly.

"Crow seeks crow, huh?" Odin said, sounding thoroughly unimpressed. Joshua was fine with that. He wasn't there to impress the old man. He was there to carry out his part of the deal so that the Norse would actually work with them. And if he wanted to make things difficult, then he'd just leave. It wouldn't change much.

And with an in with the Greek, who were fairly strong too, Joshua didn't have to worry quite as much.

He didn't need Odin.

"Can we talk about the cages?" Joshua replied, using a tone very similar to the god's.

It was going to be a long afternoon.


[}-o-{]
​

"That was…"

"Terrible?" he finished for Ravel. They had just teleported back home and he'd already sent a message to Fuyuko to get him some tea. Which, of course, made Friday shift her attention from where she'd been checking on Grendel apparently. The living spell was going on an analysis spree ever since she'd taken up helping him figure out Valerie's Sacred Gear.

'Speaking of, I should go visit Valerie,' he thought to himself. Sometimes, it was difficult to keep track of everything he needed to do and all the people in his life that he should be interacting with. It was especially bad with Valerie, since she was… more or less incapable of coming to him herself. Not in the sense that she literally couldn't, but more in the sense that she didn't have the mental capabilities to do so. She probably thought about it sometimes, but her mind was so fractured that she wasn't likely to hold onto the thought long enough to leave the room she was in, let alone reaching him.

"Not the word I'd use," Ravel replied hesitantly, slowly. "But it was odd. From both sides. I imagine the Egyptians' had something to do with it? There were some clues…" she commented afterwards, her notepad in hand like she expected to be given key information again.

"Yeah, apparently, there's some beef between them and Odin. Not bad enough for it to be an issue before today though, for some reason," he said and that seemed to give the Phenex pause. "I'm not too worried, we can work together. We can check with the others later to see what we need to do," he pointed out, running his fingers through his hair and trying to recover some of his social battery. "Take a break, Ravel," he added, when the girl started jotting down stuff in her notes.

"But I have to-"

"Iryuka and Seekvaira are there to help you, are they not?" he pointed out and the girl deflated.

Neither of those could have accompanied him to a meeting with Odin of all people, especially when he might need help and such. However, smaller matters like stuff that could be done in the safety of his home, they very much could help with. And if he had any say in the matter, then they would, because Ravel wasn't about to overwork herself on his watch.

No way.

And fortunately, he did have a say in the matter.

"But, Mr. Davis-"

"Ravel," he pressed and the girl deflated. She was also pouting, but she'd deny that like her life depended on it, so it was better to ignore that. Even if it was adorable… "You'll take a break and you'll like it," he added and the girl huffed, turning away.

"I guess I could call Koneko and wait for Kunou to be free," she mumbled and Joshua nodded. It was always nice to see that all three of the girls got along. However…

"You don't always have to spend time with them, you know that, right?" he said and the girl seemed taken aback by that, like she couldn't believe she'd heard that come out of his mouth. It was fair, but also kind of telling. Especially when she seemed unsure of what to do when her mind caught up. "You're allowed to want to spend time with one of them, or neither of them. I'm not saying you have to, but it's an option like any other."

"... I don't feel like going home yet. Rosar is visiting and he's been a bit insufferable, so I just…" she half-mumbled as a response, shrugging and looking away as she trailed off.

"What I said applies if you want to just stay here too," Joshua pointed out and, if anything, that seemed to surprise her even more. "My house is your house and all that," he offered as softly as he could, ruffling her hair. "You're all but part of the family already, Ravel, in case you didn't notice," he added, smiling as the girl blushed.

"I have a family though," she said, but even someone as oblivious as Joshua could notice the tinge of wistfulness, of regret.

"I have a family too, but beyond a few of them… I barely could stand any of them, so I think you're better off than me in that regard," he explained, leaning down so that he wasn't looking down at her… as much, at least. 'At least, I hope you are,' Joshua added in his own mind before continuing to speak. "The family I have here, none of them share my blood, but I love them just as much as I did my parents and my cousins."

"Just like that?" Ravel asked, her voice tiny yet carrying so much emotion all the same. "You can just say it is like that and… it is?" she asked and there was something in her blue eyes that spoke more than her mouth did. There were unsaid questions there, even Joshua could tell.

"Yes," he answered all the same. "It's not easy, not at all, but it is simple," he assured her with a smile. "So, think it over, yeah? Maybe a cup of tea would help?" Joshua suggested and then offered. Visibly, Ravel took a long moment to think that over, her usual composure thoroughly broken. She wasn't always that open about her feelings and her thoughts.

Joshua made sure nobody would stumble upon them and he even kept his familiars away for the moment.

"... I think I'd like that," the girl mumbled, shifting on her feet.

"Great, let's go then," he said and then he started walking. "How're Iryuka and Seekvaira doing anyway? I don't need to talk to them, right? They're supposed to be helping you work less," he said, going back to a previous topic and away from the one they'd just been talking about.

He had a feeling Ravel had had enough deep, personal topics for the moment.

Her visible relief confirmed that his guess was right, at least.


[}-o-{]
​

"By any chance…" Joshua started, taking a sip of the literally divine tea that had been offered to him. "Are you ever going to stop glaring at me?" he asked blandly.

"Unlikely," Uriel answered flatly.

"That's not a no, I guess," Joshua replied with a nod and holding back a sigh. "I'll take that," he added with a shrug. Then he remained in the awkward, silent moment that they were sharing. After all, Gabriel, Raphael and Michael had to leave to check on some things. He was pretty sure Uriel had only remained behind to keep an eye on him because he was likely the least useful for whatever they'd had to check in a hurry.

In the spirit of not making the entire situation worse though, Joshua turned his attention to his notes.

It was another day of helping Heaven ease the restrictions on them, although not quite as focused as they had been before. He was almost certain that Gabriel had been the reason for that particular instance, especially since that was the only one where they had focused their efforts like that. Their excuse that Lust was a particularly bad area… It could be true, but Joshua had to wonder all the same.

Not that he had a problem with any of it.

If anything, he preferred the lie in that case. The lie was a lot less uncomfortable for him, that was for sure. He couldn't imagine sitting alone in a room with Uriel if that wasn't how things were. 'And maybe I should stop thinking about it,' Joshua told himself, shaking off those thoughts and focusing on something more productive.

Like his ideas for how to approach the Spartos.

Or preparing for Khaos Brigade to make a move.

Because they were going to. Of that, Joshua had absolutely no doubts. It was a matter of when and where. Because he rather doubted they'd turned the Spartoi and just… leave that one behind because they felt like it. There had to be a purpose for that, which was why he hadn't argued with the Greek's to move the guy to a place of his own.

No, he'd rather they kept that ticking bomb themselves.

It was cowardly, he supposed, and maybe even selfish. However, Joshua had never denied being either. He would much rather live. And he would much rather his loved ones lived too. So, yes, the further away he could keep threats like that one, the better. It was why he'd wanted to move Ophis away…

Even if it wasn't like it did much, in the dragon's case.

"You always have one of those, don't you?" Uriel asked, making him blink and look up from his notebook. He was looking at said notebook, apparently. "It's always a different one too."

"My notes. I have a lot of projects and several notebooks per project, usually. Circle designs, information, ideas, all sorts of little things are written here and I just… I like to go over them as much as possible, and add new stuff too, of course," he answered and he felt awkward after talking so much all at once. Sometimes, he knew his mouth could just get away from him. Which was fine, because it mostly happened with family and friends…

But Uriel wasn't really either, even if there was a chance that the former could be forced on them eventually.

"I see, very… Raphael," Uriel noted and he seemed somewhere between unimpressed and amused. It was a weird combination, and Joshua hadn't even known that was possible to pull off, but yet there the Seraph was. "You seem more focused than he is," the angel continued and it was then that Joshua wondered if he was missing some kind of interrogation tactic. After all, Uriel was just about the last person that he expected small talk from. "He gets… flighty."

"Thank you," he said, although he wasn't even sure if that'd been a compliment. The tone the angel was using didn't really help him clear out the doubts.

"I've heard that you improved the Youkai's defenses," the Seraph commented out of nowhere and Joshua stiffened. "And that you've breached a bunch of other people's defenses," the man continued and he could only turn to stare at him warily. "I wonder, what do you think of our defenses?"

"Very solid," he answered, because he didn't need to think about it, really. "I wouldn't even know where to begin improving them," he added. Then he turned his gaze to his notes again, if only to help him calm down a little.

Although, he could probably find a way or two if he really wanted to. Gabriel had advised not to for the moment, precisely because of the brother he was talking to. So, he hadn't. Although, he would admit to being curious.

"Have you tried?" Uriel asked and he smiled wryly.

"No," he answered truthfully. "Gabriel asked me not to look into it," he added, wondering if maybe that was too much honesty. Ultimately, he decided that if he couldn't be honest with his possible angel in-laws, then there were bigger problems to deal with than Uriel, probably.

"I see," was all the Seraph said in response to his words.

From there, the room remained silent until the other three came back. The rest of the day's work progressed as usual and neither of them really shared many words, certainly not in regards to that… strange conversation. Joshua would admit to sharing the details of it with Gabriel to make sure he hadn't somehow ruined everything. His hyperactive mind hadn't shut up about that being a possibility, after all, and… Well, he'd grown worried.

She had assured him he didn't though, which was a relief.

She didn't explain much after that, which was less so.


[}-o-{]
​

He'd wanted to wait, but Khaos Brigade had really forced his hand.

Joshua had been waiting, hoping, for one simple thing. He needed Ophis to come out and hopefully be in the mood to entertain a conversation. Something that once would have terrified him. He thought he was getting better in that regard though. After he'd shared tea with her and learned that she liked it, he thought it was somewhat safe to assume that maybe he wasn't in as much danger as he initially thought.

Ophis was still a terrifying force beyond nature and he couldn't risk anything with her… But maybe everything he'd seen and experienced up to that point was safe to be interpreted as good things. She seemed… relatively at ease with things and happy with his progress in regards to her Silence. So, Joshua assumed she wouldn't just snap him Thanos-style just because he had a thing or two to ask of her.

A risk still, to be sure, but that was why he'd been waiting for a good moment.

Waiting was less of an option after Khaos made a move that he couldn't understand or really prepare much for.

"Ophis?" he called once he had thoroughly steeled his resolve. He was sitting at a table outside the Silence rooms and he had tea ready to try and "bribe" the dragon… sort of. He waited after that, because he knew the dragon could hear him. So, he just waited, taking a sip of his own tea that tasted like nothing at all, his mind too preoccupied with other things to bother actually picking up on a taste.

"Joshua Davis," the voice said as soon as the dragon in a girl's body stepped out of the room she'd been in. "You have need of me?" she asked and the flat delivery wasn't helping him decide if that question was something good or bad. So, instead, he decided to focus on his own side of things.

"Of a sort. Tea?" he asked, waving his hand towards the arranged drink and the dragon's only answer was to walk up to the table and take the seat across from him. "I also brought some snacks, if you wanted to try them out," he added, signaling the tray beside the teapot.

From there, and with words burning at his throat, he settled for waiting until after she'd tried some things, at least.

"... It's good," she commented at the third snack.

"That one or all of them?" he asked and the dragon paused and tilted her head. He didn't think she would need that long to decide, but she took a handful of seconds all the same and took her sweet, sweet time going over things in her mind. Her mind would always be a mystery to him, however, so… Joshua wasn't too surprised.

"All of them. Second was better," she answered when she reached her conclusion, nodding for emphasis as if she were particularly proud of her verdict. Or maybe like she was affirming the decision in her own head. "I hope the rest are good too," she added, reaching for another snack. The words added more fear to Joshua, but he did his best to hide that.

"... Say," he started when she reached her seventh snack and started her second cup of tea. "I had something I wanted to ask you about," he prefaced carefully. The blank stare with those windows into the void wasn't helping his nerves, but Joshua soldiered on. "You see this?" he asked, pulling out a wardstone and holding it with the tip of his fingers. "Do you think you could… make better ones?" he asked.

Because Wardstones were ambient magic manifesting and coalescing physically through time and a bunch of other circumstances. That was why their appearance was more or less random and unable to be replicated. That is, unless you were the Dragon of Infinity and the rules of anything were optional for you. Or, at least, that was the theory Joshua was working with. There was a real chance not even she could make that happen, but… he had to ask.

Especially after the new developments.

Ophis stared at the little rock in his hand though, much the same way she'd stared at the snacks before. He was starting to associate that state with "thoughtful" in his own head. Joshua had to wait once more, but at least he hadn't been vaporized. That was a win if he'd ever seen one. A good outcome to that conversation was not dying, after all.

Anything he could get out of Ophis beyond that was a bonus, but a bonus that was why he was risking everything for that.

"I can," she answered eventually, nodding firmly and then continuing to eat and drink.

Joshua, for his part, wanted to jump on that and ask more questions. Maybe he could outright say what he wanted to say right away. Maybe she'd do it and that'd be that. However… He couldn't, shouldn't. Ophis was a creature that seemed stable enough, safe enough. However, seemed was the operative word there. She could, like anyone and anything in the world, just react randomly or unexpectedly or both at any point.

And then poof, no more Joshua.

"You want one?" Ophis asked eventually and he almost sighed in relief. He'd been preparing himself mentally to have to ask anyway, despite the dangers. Alas, the dragon had beat him to it, and he was very grateful for that.

"A few of these and these other kinds," he started answering, pulling other types of wardstones to place on the table. "They would be incredibly helpful to me. Both for the Silence attempts and other personal things. I was hoping you'd help me with this, yes," he explained as best he could without talking too much and risking Ophis deciding she didn't feel like bothering.

Or worse.

The dragon stared for another long series of seconds, munching on the last snack – a brownie – and holding her cup of tea on the other hand. She stared and stared and then stared some more. It was only after she was finished with both that she so much as twitched, and it was only tilting her head a little to one side.

Then she waved her hand, and the table – other than the tray, the teacup plates and the teapot, was covered in black stones.

Black wardstones.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Several things are progressing, apparently. Some more plot-ish than others, but meh. If you're here, then you probably care about at least one of them, plot or not. And if you don't… Man, what's up with that?

Odin is an odd one to approach in this, but then again, most new characters tend to be until they take a proper shape in my head. Although, admittedly, some have stronger starts than others.

And Ophis is Ophis. I don't think I need to explain that one.

Besides all that though, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you have anything open on your device other than the browser or app where you're readying this? What's the first other thing if you tab out? Right now, I have Rimworld running on my other screen, for example.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 118 others
Adrian King
Jun 2, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
…
6
7
8
9
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
12 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer)
 Thread starterAdrian King  Start dateJun 29, 2024  Tagsfluff gamer protag high school dxd sfw slice of lifeish slow burn
Prev  
1
…
7
8
9
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 241 - I Want Everything and Nothing New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 9, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,595
I Want Everything and Nothing

"So… Can you make better rooms now?" Ophis asked, staring at him… Not intently, but the flat expression and stiff posture gave him that impression all the same. Joshua didn't appreciate that, at all. However, he could at least understand where the dragon was coming from, which was more than he could say about most of their interactions. It was nice to have some idea of what was going through her head, no matter how small.

"Not right now, but once I've had a bit of time to work something out using this? Absolutely," Joshua answered, carefully but almost enthusiastically. Because it wasn't often that he was sure of something, especially when it came to Ophis' Silence. However, considering she seemed happy with his progress? This new addition to his available resources was going to make it all so much easier and overall better.

Because the Wardstones she'd just… willed into existence?

They were crazy.

For one, they seemed to be able to hold infinite magic within them, which was… not surprising, not really, but it was still bafflingly strong all the same. For another, they were just overall much better as wardstones than any he'd gotten his hands on. The best wardstones he'd ever found seemed like absolute trash next to those.

Which was great, but he'd have to work in order to be able to use them.

Much like his infinite magic reserves, it was great to have that available, but the Infinity Wardstones were going to be severely limited by his circles. They were designed to accommodate normal wardstones. He'd have to rework the entirety of his spells if he wanted them to work with those wardstones. Fortunately, they didn't feel too different from normal wardstones in terms of functionality, even if they were so much more incredibly better. It wasn't like putting a bow next to a gun, at least. They did, in fact, work the same way, one was just much better at it.

'I have the magic to fuel them and the hardware to hold them. Now I just need to work out the actual spells,' Joshua thought to himself, looking at the thumb-sized stones. Spellcrafting something that'd use the new resource would take time, he'd have to trudge into new territory again and in a completely different way… But once he did? There'd be no limit.

So many things had been so complicated because he could only work with so much energy before foci started blowing up or something else. These wardstones… 'Actually, could I use them for hexes and boons too, maybe?' he considered, his interest intensifying.

"Thank you," he said, because he couldn't not say it again.

"If it'll get me my Silence," Ophis replied flatly and he almost laughed. How was it that Ophis seemed to be the easiest person to deal with? It was offset by the fact that he had to be extra careful or risk disappearing from existence, but Joshua would have been so happy if other people were that straightforward.

He really couldn't have nice things.

"I like this," the dragon added and Joshua had to hold back a chuckle again. Because she was pointing at the brownies. She'd just casually created the solution to a bunch of his problems, artifacts so powerful that only one of them would have been a faction treasure. She'd made so many of them and he was almost positive that she'd just make more if he asked.

And yet, Ophis seemed fascinated by brownies.

'Is this how people feel about me?' Joshua wondered.

"I'll bring more anytime you want," he told the dragon and she turned to stare at him. Joshua smiled. "I'll even bring ice cream. It goes well with warm brownies," he commented. His mother had loved that combination, he remembered. He wasn't as much of a fan of it, but people in general seemed to like it. And if all else failed, he was sure that Ophis at least wouldn't hate it.

"Ice cream," the dragon repeated, as if testing the words. She probably had never tried ice cream, he supposed. That was not surprising, considering every snack and drink he'd brought for her had been new to her. Hell, he had to wonder if she'd ever eaten anything before. 'That's kind of… sad, actually.'

"Yep," he replied, giving the dragon a slight smile. And it was only then that he realized he might be… getting a little comfortable there. That was dangerous. "I can bring other things too. There's a lot you can try, maybe you'll find new things that you might like," he offered, not hesitantly, but certainly carefully.

"You think?" she asked, blinking at him. 'Does she actually need to blink?' he wondered. Thinking about it, he hadn't really checked if she blinked, had he? That could be part of the reason why he found her so incredibly uncanny, he supposed, if he'd subconsciously noticed.

"We can try, so long as you don't mind the occasional bad experience. Everyone's taste in food is different," he explained, hoping that saying as much would prevent the disappearance of everything when they inevitably stumbled upon food that Ophis couldn't stand. Maybe he should have expected the slightly frown/pout expression that the dragon adopted after that.

Ophis remained silent then, her expression clearing as she turned her attention back to the food and the tea. Joshua, for his part, focused on the wardstones. The dragon was clearly thinking things over, after all. Or, at least, that was his best guess on the matter. Regardless, he'd made his offer and that was that. If Ophis didn't say anything else, he'd take that as a negative and keep bringing things he knew were safe.

He had already risked plenty enough as it was, really, and that was with only a vague guarantee that it'd be fine. Canon knowledge wasn't something he wanted to bet everything on, but he supposed it couldn't hurt when he had nothing else to use. Uncertain knowledge was better than no knowledge… for the most part.

"I want to try," Ophis said after all the food and drink he'd brought was finished and she was already halfway to one of the rooms.

Joshua just smiled as the door closed behind the dragon.


[}-o-{]
​

"So, it worked," Yasaka commented, sipping at her tea while looking at the wardstone that Joshua had presented for her after coming back home. "It feels incredible, and I have no idea on the matter. I'm guessing I can't comprehend how much of a big deal these are?"

"No, you can't," Joshua answered, grinning widely as he looked at the little artifact himself. "They will change everything. No more limits in terms of focus takes away a big part of what was holding me back. The things I can do with these…" he mumbled, feeling a chuckle clinging to his mouth even though it wasn't voiced.

He found himself surprisingly happy with this development.

Sure, he'd been terrified to try and ask Ophis, and he'd also had to hold back his reaction in front of the dragon. But those Wardstones were game changers. They were going to help him so much that he almost could forget about Khaos Brigade and the fear they brought to his life.

Friday seemed to be of a similar mind, her mind all but dancing around him as she spewed ideas. There was so much both of them could do with those. All of them immediately useful. They could make their defenses even more secure against Annihilation Maker and the Spartoi. They could more decisively shut down any enemy. Giving wings to angels could be so much easier and a more smooth process. Curing devils of the Sleep Disease. Working with Devil Powers. Helping Valerie, maybe fixing Sephiroth Graal if it came to it.

So many things were now within reach, or more easily done.

So many doors were opening for them.

"Someone's excited," Yasaka commented, an amused and fond smile on her lips. "I'll take your word for it. Is there anything we can do to help you achieve these things?" she added and he considered that for a long moment.

"Keep me away from politics?" he asked and she smiled wryly at him. "Yeah, I figured," he muttered, running his fingers through his hair. Alas, his time would continue to be divided in way too many things. The fact that he'd just delved deeper into politics didn't really help, but he stood by that decision still. They needed extra help if they wanted to find and deal with Khaos Brigade. They needed coordination and allies and more reach…

And if all else failed, then he could pull all those strings if he had to use Project WWW.

"I'm sorry."

"Not your fault," he said, waving her off and leaning away from the table. Then he blinked and looked around. "Where's Kunou?"

"Just noticed?" Yasaka commented and apparently she'd finished her tea, because she left the cup on the table and stood up to walk around the table towards him. "She was invited to play with Millicas. I thought it'd be nice for her to get out of the house for a bit and they seem to be good friends."

"Huh," was Joshua's eloquent response as he processed that. He'd been a bit too distracted with other things, apparently. "Yeah, now that I think about it…" he mumbled, frowning. "We should look for ways for her to do that, shouldn't we?" he wondered, mostly to himself.

Maybe because he was a bit – a lot – of a shut-in, but Joshua hadn't even considered that she kind of needed to do that. Or, he hadn't done so all that much, at least. Not to say that Kunou always stayed inside and at home, but… she probably didn't get out as much as she should. That was on him, sure, but he was kind of surprised that Yasaka hadn't considered that either until that day. Although, he had a fairly good guess…

"It'll take some getting used to, knowing that she can be safe in other places," Yasaka commented, confirming one of said guesses. "I'm actually wondering if we can take her to make friends, normal friends. Children that don't know who she is. It'll probably be good for her."

"Sounds like a plan to me," Joshua replied with a slight smile. It would, certainly, give Kunou more perspective, if nothing else. That could never hurt. "So, did you want to…" he trailed off then when Yasaka's arms wrapped around him and he felt her rest her chin on his shoulder. "... do anything?"

"Well, it's just the two of us today. Not even your mistresses around-"

"I don't think they'd like you calling them that," he pointed out, but there was no stopping the youkai woman, apparently. And his words came out absentminded, because it was kind of difficult to focus with her whispering in his ear. Let alone the tone she was using.

"-, so I thought we could enjoy the night between the two of us," she added and he could hear the smile on her voice.

"I have a feeling you have ideas already," he commented, tilting his head a little and giving her a half-smile of his own. "Do you plan to have dinner somewhere in there, at least, or are we skipping that part too?"

"Hm, we might need a break at some point," she told him and her smile became something else entirely.

His brain was halfway shut down already by then, but the kiss Yasaka delivered to his lips finished the job very quickly.


[}-o-{]
​

"Thanks for taking over, Levi," Joshua commented, yawning before rubbing his weary eyelids. "I know it was a little last minute, again, but something came up."

"It's no problem, Professor Davis," his student replied, and even his sleep-deprived self could pick up on the tone. When he glanced at him, Joshua noticed that Levi was glancing at his neck and not being very subtle about it. 'I knew I should have healed that, but nooo. I had to listen to her,' he thought, eye twitching.

"I also might need to pick your brain later. I came across something pretty good and we might be able to make use of it, all of us. Might make it into a Star group project even," Joshua commented, snapping his student out of useless thoughts and focusing him on something else. Granted, he didn't think he'd let very many people even look at the Ophis Wardstones, but his Stars were trustworthy.

And even if they weren't, they knew enough about him to know how much of a terrible idea it'd be to cross him.

"I look forward to it, Professor Davis," Levi replied, actually sounding rather excited. He knew he liked the guy for a reason. "Do you need me for anything right now though? I'd like to go over the class plan," he added and Joshua waved him off.

"Not at all. Knock yourself out," he reassured, running his fingers through his hair as Levi walked away towards the classroom. Joshua watched him go for a moment, before sighing wearily and glancing to the side. There, he found Iryuka. "Make a note to be extra nice to Levi. Guy's covering for me a lot more than I thought. Might need to talk with Agnes about actually making a schedule of classes that are outright his, at this point," he told her and the girl nodded quickly, scribbling away on her notepad.

"Yes, sir," she replied, completely seriously. It made him grimace. She used "sir" a lot more than Ravel did. At least she didn't use it when she was pulling away though, so Joshua guessed that was good. It was just incredibly awkward every single time. Something to get used to, he guessed.

He thought a little informality might stick if he insisted enough, but the world was determined to ignore him in that regard.

With that out of the way though, Joshua could focus on what he actually wanted to do. He was a little… distracted the previous night, but he wasn't about to put off working on those wardstones more than that. He couldn't really afford to, not really. There might not be an identifiable immediate threat to deal with, but Khaos was right there and they were obviously making moves.

Joshua needed to be ready when they inevitably decided to ruin his day.

He already had emergency plans and such, but updating those with Ophis Wardstones would be so much better. And that was without mentioning how much faster some of his projects could develop then, without the constraint of having to account for several spells of the same kind and different foci and a bunch of other factors that complicated matters more.

Although, admittedly, there was a chance that the wardstones would bring a whole bunch of new problems to the equations. Because infinity was likely to break a lot of his spell calculations. Fortunately, Joshua didn't think it'd be to the point of making them impossible to be worked with.

That would be very, very sad if it turned out to be the case.

"Mr. Davis?" Iryuka asked and he blinked, his mind returning to the present. "Did you change your mind?" the girl asked him and he considered that. She likely meant in regards to leaving House of Water. He could work in the classroom to back up Levi, but… It was distracting to do that.

He might get some work done, but that'd be negligible, really.

"We're going back home," he answered, stretching his back a little. He had a lot more to work with. He wasn't pushing to find something else, searching for new info, testing for new ideas. The Ophis Wardstones were a whole new toy to play with, added to everything else. Joshua would be damned if he didn't immediately try and make the most of them.

Especially considering how things were at that moment.

"Say," he commented as they walked to the teleportation circle. He could have disappeared away anywhere in House of Water, but it was only polite not to ignore the place's defenses like that, even if he'd been the one to place half of them. "Ravel will be there, most likely, and Koneko said she'd drop by. You can spend time with them if you have nothing to do," he suggested and he was rather surprised by the wide-eyed look Iryuka sent his way.

Of all times to mess up, he hadn't thought that would be one of them.

What kind of weird ass landmine had he stepped on?

"I… I happen to get along well with my family, sir," the girl stammered and he stared at her for a moment, no longer walking.

"What's that got to do with anything?" he asked, genuinely confused and Iryuka turned bright red. She wouldn't look at him either. 'Where in the fuck could I have possibly caused this?' he wondered, positively baffled. "Look, it's just an offer. You don't have to take me up on that. I just thought it'd be better. It'd also make me feel better, because you're rather young. So, it makes me feel less like I'm exploiting minors," he explained wryly.

Maybe he should just fire her and hire someone else. He hadn't wanted to reject her purely based on her age though. Especially after Ravel. Admittedly though, things had escalated a lot, which was the reason why the Phenex could no longer just take care of everything. Hell, it had been way too much for Ravel in general for a while. She was the only one in the know about a lot of things though.

She'd become essential.

Besides, she'd be sad if he fired her, and Joshua couldn't really bring himself to make that happen. What could he say? He had a particular weakness to sad girls, he supposed. Which… might apply to Iryuka, now that he thought about it.

'Fuck,' he cursed in his own mind. 'I'm such a pushover sometimes…'


[}-o-{]
​

"You know it's kind of scary that you progress this fast, right?" Göndul asked him and Joshua just offered her a half-hearted shrug.

He was a little busy at the time, mainly looking over the circle he'd just finished working on. It was a rune circle, of course, since he was in his Nordic Circles class with the old valkyrie. He'd made some very slight modifications to it and they had actually worked. To be honest, even Joshua was deeply shocked that they had. He had half expected it to go poorly.

Although, there were a lot of things he'd have to do to it for it to work "properly", but the spell worked, and that was what was important.

He was also just the smallest bit closer to being able to use runes like he wanted.

[Nordic Circles - Lvl 30/100

Determines the user's ability to understand and apply Nordic Circles.]

'Maybe at level 40?' he mused to himself, leaning back and cracking his neck. 'Level 50 would be the ideal, but… I don't know if I have that much time. I'll have to make that work… and hope I can.' Not the best of situations to be put in, but then again, that was his life. He'd never have an easy time like that, evidently.

With a pause in his thought process, he blinked and turned towards Göndul.

"Sorry," he mumbled, straightening a little and rubbing the side of his neck. "What did you say?" he asked then, because he'd gotten so distracted he forgot. In his defense, runes were fascinating and he'd been clear about it since forever ago. He already had so many ideas on what he could do once he got the hang of them. And every class he took, all those ideas would rework themselves or be replaced by new ones.

"Nothing," Göndul answered and he knew it hadn't been nothing, but if she was willing to just forget about it, then so was he. "Now, onto the next part, I think it'll make it clear why it was a little weaker than you expected if you look at this other circle here…" the old valkyrie started and he focused on what she was saying, teaching.

A new spell, which meant more context on how circles were supposed to work. At that point, he was pretty sure he could get by with just learning new spells. However, the same could be said about the tomes Göndul brought with her and he always tried to devour them like his life depended on it. After all, he couldn't take those home and that was very limiting.

It was kind of sad, that it'd been easier to get Boon magic from the Church than it was to get Rune Circles from the Norse. Maybe the formers had been that desperate for help. Or maybe the latters were that closed off to outsiders. It'd explain why they were so reluctant to join the alliance without their political games.

Or, maybe he was just missing a bunch of other context things.

Ultimately, he was getting what he wanted, even if the process was a little more annoying and slow than he'd have liked. Joshua had a lot to work on, so the limitation wasn't the worst thing in the world. It allowed him to focus on other things instead of trying to manage the time himself. Not even with three assistants could he perfectly manage his time. Especially his magic studies, because those could jump from one thing to the other or completely neglect a few things in favor of another.

It all depended on the most arbitrary things, really.

"I think I get it," he mumbled, giving the new circle another passing glance and then checking his experimental one from before. There, he could see at least one spot that he thought he knew how to improve. He'd do that after the class though. "Alright, yeah, definitely something to work on later. What's next?" he asked, turning to stare at Göndul. The woman seemed to pause for a second there, which made him wonder if he was maybe a little too intense.

"It really is a shame that you won't give my granddaughter a chance," she said then and it was a good thing he hadn't been drinking tea then or he'd have choked on it. What her obsession with Rossweisse and him being together was, he didn't know, but he also didn't want to know. His partners were plenty enough for him as it was. And besides, they didn't like the idea of him getting more partners, from what he'd gathered. Hell, even Gabriel's addition seemed to have been… special circumstances of a sort.

He still didn't get that, but he wasn't complaining.

Obviously.

"I'm sure she'll find someone else," he replied blandly, and then he got an idea. "The valkyries seemed to like Levi," he tried, only for the woman to scoff, which… ouch.

"No offense to the little genius," Göndul said, looking off to the side as if she were considering it. "His mind is a gift, truly, but Rossweisse doesn't need someone to challenge her mind. It'd be nice, but that's not all there is to it," she explained and Joshua wondered if he should just end that topic of conversation before it got awkward. Although, admittedly, it was a little late for that… For both things, he supposed. "That boy's too mild, in my opinion."

Mild was… not inaccurate when describing Levi, he supposed.

If that was her deal breaker though…

"What about George?" he asked and the old valkyrie narrowed her eyes at him. At least she hadn't dismissed the idea immediately, he supposed. Although, that might have been because she didn't know George.

"Tell me more," she all but demanded.

'Why am I having this conversation?' Joshua wondered as he started telling the woman about his other male Star. 'Oh, right, to get her off my case,' he remembered. Was that basically throwing George under the bus to save his own skin? Yes, yes it was.

He regretted nothing.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

What a bad guy Joshua is, trying to throw valkiries at men. A terrible villain. Khaos Brigade's got nothing on this guy, obviously.

God, I hate him.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Can you whistle? I can, but I could never manage this loud whistles some people do. Skill issue on my part, I guess.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 113 others
Adrian King
Jun 9, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 242 - Don’t Need More Motivation New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 16, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,607
Don't Need More Motivation

"Mr. Davis," Ravel commented before he ran his fingers through his hair.

With a wave of his hand, the notes and books he'd been working with disappeared inside storage spells. It almost felt like a shame to do that, but the fact was that he had things to do. 'One day, I'll be able to just work on magic and relax,' he thought, although it felt more like a hopeful wish rather than an actual expectation.

He was pretty sure he was cursed to live in interesting times, after all.

"If you're not ready…" Ravel offered, because of course she did. If he was a pushover when it came to her, she was a pushover when it came to him. It was a funny balance like that, he supposed. Although, the humor was ruined by the fact that he knew she was, deep down, a little afraid that he'd turn his back on her.

Joshua dearly hoped he could one day reassure her that wouldn't happen. Alas, it wasn't as easy as telling her and there was no simple way to show her either. The best he could do was just let time pass and hope that would do the trick eventually. Far from an ideal plan, he was sure, but it was what he had.

"It's fine," he reassured her, cracking his neck as he got ready to get on with things. It was early, which was the only reason Ravel had been about to offer him to push things off, but arriving early would be a point in their favor and he knew it. He could definitely afford to do that. "This is better, isn't it?" he asked and, even though he knew it, it was still kind of disappointing to get a nod. "Better to take advantage of the fact that you're around for now too," he added with a slight smile.

Her own expression dimmed a little, which worried him.

"What was it you had to do?" he asked then, because he knew it was a family thing that'd take her away shortly. He didn't remember the specifics of said family thing though. "Nothing Serafall or I can do, right?" he asked, which was probably the case. Had he asked when she'd first brought it up? Surely, right? But still-

"Sadly, no," Ravel answered and he hated that she had to add that first part. "And it's a small gathering of Pillar families." The explanation had him nodding. He knew Serafall sometimes had to go to those. The Leviathan title-slash-name change had spared her from most of the Sitri duties, but it had also brought others, if less in number.

And that was without the Satan duties added.

"Hm," was his very eloquent response. In his defense, he wasn't sure what he could say to that. It sucked that she had to participate in that, but… At least Ravel seemed to enjoy that kind of thing more than he did. "Well, hope you have fun."

"Iryuka should be there, so it won't be too bad," the girl commented with a slight smile. "And Koneko too, I guess," she added, as an afterthought and he raised an eyebrow at her but didn't comment. It was amusing to watch the girls try and play off their affection to one another like that. Although, they did sometimes border on rude.

"I'm glad to hear that," he told her with a smile of his own. Hers turned the slightest bit softer, more real at that moment. "I'll have to deal with the Greeks on my own then, I guess. The worst part should be over by then though," he added then, stretching a little as he prepared to teleport away. "I promise I won't set fire to that bridge."

"You better. Speaking of not burning bridges though, we should be on our way," Ravel told him, visibly amused as they started making their way to the teleportation circle. Although, that seemed to be impeded by something as her expression dimmed. "Seekvaira should be able to take up these kinds of duties once she's up to speed and we've verified that she's trustworthy," the girl continued and he tilted his head to look at her.

"Hm, good to know," he replied, trying to get a read on the little Phenex. It wasn't as easy as he'd have liked, unfortunately. So, it was time to poke her and see if that told him anything. "That eager to ditch me, huh?"

"Not at all!" she exclaimed, exaggerated and dramatic as she could be on occasion. No wonder she'd done well in Serafall's show with her few appearances. "I just don't want to limit what you can do!" she added, all but shouting and he almost expected her to add a "sir" at the end. He could hear it in her voice.

That was more of an extreme reaction than he'd expected, admittedly.

"Ravel, you're not limiting me at all," he told her, but that didn't seem to do anything.

"I am though," she mumbled, looking down and away, fidgeting a little as they walked. "I'm- Seekvaira is a heiress, a proper one. She's been trained in political maneuvers a lot more than I have. I've studied to eventually have to manage my husband's business and those sorts of duties, so I can more or less make do in other situations, but… it's not the same," she explained.

Joshua stopped and stared at her.

"Do you want it?" he asked and she paused, her expression twisting in confusion, uncomprehension. "To study that sort of thing, to know how to do it," he clarified and she blinked at him. She'd sounded wistful to his ears, at least, so… "Because if so, I'm sure we can find someone to teach you. Kunou has classes on that sort of thing. Failing that, Serafall surely can help us find a tutor for you that can do the devil equivalent," he added.

There was a moment of silence then as they moved, but when they reached the circles…

"... I'd like that," Ravel whispered, her voice so low it was almost a whisper. He barely caught it and he wondered if he hadn't been meant to actually hear her. He wondered if she'd said it not quite daring to mean it, to hope for it.

And Joshua thought about why that could be, because he'd been spoiling her together with everyone else, yet…

Sometimes, he really wanted to test the immortality of the Phenex family.

"I'll look into it then," he said instead of the myriad of ideas he had in mind regarding what to do. The smile he got in response felt like a victory, but he had plenty going on at the back of his mind. Because that wouldn't be the end of things.


[}-o-{]
​

"Lady Athena," Joshua greeted and he noticed that the woman in front of him looked way too happy to see him. It was a little worrying, actually, although he wasn't sure why. "Didn't know we'd have company today," he added and he looked at the other three goddesses. He knew that much because the Egyptians were helping him pick up on it. Apparently, they could do that.

They'd just had fun watching him flail a little during his last visit to Thebes.

Joshua was seriously considering just turning away from their collective unfunny asses.

Alas, the buffs were too good for that. And if they didn't want to feel offended by his thoughts, then they should stop giving him excuses to think badly of them, really. 'Glad we can entertain you though, Set,' he thought to himself wryly and the god gave him the equivalent of a laugh in response.

Asshole.

"Mr. Davis," Athena greeted and her smile got even wider. That wasn't doing much to reassure him, at all. "These are Hecate, Nemesis and Themis," she said and… He knew two of those goddesses. Well, he wasn't sure if he could count Nemesis, on second thought. Hecate was a lot more well known, that's for sure. Nemesis kind of seemed self-explanatory enough, but he didn't want to assume too much. "They are here to watch and, potentially, help us in our quest," Athena explained…

Which told him precisely nothing.

He stared at her for a long moment, then glanced at the other goddesses, who seemed remarkably at ease with just… not saying anything. Was that normal? Letting someone else do all the talking? Was it because Athena was higher ranked or something?

Admittedly, they seemed a little distracted, like their focus was half on some other thing.

God stuff, he supposed.

"I see," was all he could think to reply with, but his brain kept working on something. "Feel free to tell me if there's anything I can do then," he added with a slight smile that he hoped didn't come out half-assed. He appreciated all the help offered, really he did. He just didn't feel like dealing with more people. Especially deities and especially deities of a pantheon that he barely knew in DxD context.

In a way, it was better that the goddesses weren't feeling very chatty, apparently.

"Perfect," Athena said, beaming. "Now, I'm sure you're busy and would rather get on with things," she added, showing why she was the Goddess of Wisdom. So, without further ado, she led him to the Spartos. There wasn't much fanfare there either and he was growing increasingly grateful for that.

He'd dreaded the worst when he'd been faced with a bunch of goddesses.

'Wonder if I'll get used to… this at some point,' he thought, looking at the strange creature that the Spartos had turned into. Beside him, he knew Athena was making a face like she was smelling something foul at the same time that someone was poking at her with a knife. She reacted like that when in the presence of the Spartos, he'd noticed.

He'd also noticed that the Egyptians were strangely sympathetic towards that.

All the same, the bizarre sight of the Spartos aside, Joshua had a job to do. So, he didn't delay his casting much, if at all. After a cursory glance at it, noticing all the changes from the last time he'd seen it – it had scales and spikes and gills and antlers and… –, he placed his first spell down. Then the next and so on until he had an array set up and then another.

He didn't use the Ophis Wardstones that time. He was still working on the spells that'd use those, first of all. Second of all, he wasn't sure he wanted to reveal those to the world at large quite yet. Not without a good reason, and he didn't have one at that moment. His partners had also agreed with that assessment, which was a large part of the reason why he carried on with that in mind.

"Fascinating," a voice said to his side and he almost jumped when he turned and saw Hecate almost touching shoulders with him. Her eyes were fixed on his circles though, his arrays. "So many spells, all of them unique, all of them working in perfect harmony… How long have you been working on this?" she asked and he blinked.

"A few days," he answered and it was the goddess' turn to pause. "I mean, most of the foundation is the same I use for analyzing things and gathering data," he explained, turning his attention back to the information he was getting for the most part. Maybe he'd been a teacher for a little too long, because he kept on going even while he did that. "I've just modified it with what I gathered last time to try and pick up new things, that's all," he said with a shrug.

When he turned towards her, Hecate was looking at him like she had previously at the circles. Keenly aware of her as he was, Joshua sensed Ravel shaking her head behind him. Had he done something wrong? He'd just answered the question. What was wrong with that?

And why were the Egyptians laughing at him? Especially Nephthys.

Deciding to ignore all that, Joshua turned towards the Spartos and took a deep breath in.

'It's… reaching, shifting as if trying to expand but not… not doing it,' he noticed. It was like it moved through shifting. Or, at least, it tried to. It was in a cage then, not under a net anymore, but it wasn't moving much. It barely could reach through the bars, as if there were an invisible barrier besides the physical one.

Yet, Joshua noticed how the shifting almost seemed to push against that.

"Very interesting," he mumbled, summoning a notebook to write some things down.

"Disgusting, that's what it is," a new voice said and he turned to see Nemesis to his other side. Immediately after she spoke, Athena bristled. "Don't deny it, Athena. I know they are yours, but they are… It's so off balance. Pieces are missing and they've been replaced with something… more. It's an aberration in general and to my senses."

"Laws that had been left alone for eons were broken for this," Themis said as she joined too, somehow sounding both sad and angry.

And as they spoke, Joshua tilted his head. He wasn't sure if any of that was useful to him, but… He watched the Spartos hit the barrier, its cage. He noticed the shifting it did, trying to escape. And he pondered the goddesses' perspectives…

"Tell me more about that," he said, turning and glancing between Nemesis and Themis. Both goddesses faced him a second later, and the former seemed taken aback while the latter paused. "Tell me what you see when you look at it," he pressed, glancing towards Athena too.

And maybe he was a little intense, because Ravel brought a hand to her face.

The goddesses didn't seem to mind, at least.


[}-o-{]
​

"So, yeah, things were… I wanna say good, but I have to start testing this information," Joshua explained, leaning back and bringing his cup of tea to his lips. "At least I have a lot to work with, which is always nice."

"And I'm glad to hear that," Yasaka said, smiling widely as she had for a bit. She was always happy when they were on a date, but she was especially so when they went somewhere outside of her range. Like they had at that moment, sitting in a store that she'd never been to before. He didn't blame her for that, at all, but it was still very interesting and amusing to see. "So, how was it to meet so many goddesses?" she asked and he sighed.

"Worrying?" he answered as he ran his fingers through his hair. "I mean, I thought it'd be a disaster, so I guess in that sense it was fine. I'm just not made to meet new people in general, let alone in groups, and even less when they are important like that, you know?" he tried his best to explain. Sometimes he wondered if he did a good job though, because he was more or less the only person that had issues like that… that he knew, at least.

'Why are all my acquaintances extroverts?' he lamented with a sigh.

Then again, he guessed meeting another introvert would just end up with both of them avoiding each other. 'Suddenly the non-relationship with Ajuka makes a lot of sense, maybe,' Joshua thought idly. It would explain quite a bit if that was the case, at least.

"Couldn't have been that bad. Ravel seemed to think you made a good impression," Yasaka pointed out. Strangely, he felt as if there was something odd in her voice. Like she meant something other than what she was saying or maybe like she was leaving something out, that was the impression he got. Before he could ask though, she continued. "That aside, this place is rather nice," she commented and that was a remarkably bad topic change for someone like Yasaka.

Yet, when he looked at that mock-innocent face, Joshua knew he'd go along with it anyway.

"Glad you like it," he replied with a slight smile. "It's always a little nerve wracking when I have to find a place. Especially because I don't really have time to actually try the spots before bringing you," he admitted to himself, bringing a hand up to rub the back of his neck.

"Well, somehow, you've managed to get more hits than misses. Congratulations," Yasaka told him, sounding way too amused. Joshua didn't appreciate that, he really didn't. Alas, that was one of the women that he loved. "Do you think Kunou would like it here?" Yasaka asked and to that, Joshua grinned.

"Sure she would, I saw a bunch of snacks that she'd like in the menu," he answered immediately and the answer seemed to please the youkai woman. Or maybe it was the fact that he'd answered so quickly, already having thought about that himself. "There was this one, let me look for it," he mumbled, pulling the menu and looking for the one that'd specifically caught his eye. "This one… here," he mumbled, pausing when he looked up and he was met with Yasaka's fond expression. "Sorry, I just-"

"Don't apologize," she told him, her smile widening. A second later, he felt her tails under the table wrapping around his legs and his body. It was a good thing that he'd already thoroughly covered the entire area with spells, he supposed. For one, that'd keep them somewhat safe. For another, it prevented people from mundane backgrounds from noticing… Well, anything supernatural. "What about your other daughters though? Won't they feel neglected if you focus so much on Kunou?"

"Cheshire and the rest get to come with me to most places if they feel like it. And they are more than happy just staying home or exploring random forests and such," he replied with a roll of his eyes.

"And what about the other two?" Yasaka asked with a raised eyebrow and he paused.

"They are more complicated," he answered with a shrug. "But I try," he said as he brought his tea to his lips. "I'm always open to suggestions," he added with a slight grin that became more certain when Yasaka giggled.

"Well, first of all…"


[}-o-{]
​

"We have a new participant in today's training," Joshua announced unnecessarily. Everyone in the training facilities could see the devil standing to his side. "This is Shalba Beelzebub, you will call him Shalba," he said and he made sure that there was some emphasis there, because he said "will" not "may" and that was important.

The guy was nowhere near being in good standing and he wanted that to be obvious.

"Well, two, really, since Katerea hasn't actively trained with us," he added and the devil woman shuffled where she stood. "Shalba, Katerea, you'll be joining Raynare, Kokabiel and George," he told the two and the group gathered and looked at Joshua's familiars. "Kuroka, you'll be with my familiars." She had somewhat of a chance of working better with those, since she had senjutsu to help her a little. That was what he was banking on, at least.

It was the next best thing to his Bond for communication with most of them.

"You got it~"

"Nagini, if you absolutely have to kill someone, make sure it's Shalba," Joshua told the gigantic snake, which hissed something half-hearted. That was the best he'd get, he supposed. "You're the least useful here and the one I like the least. Don't look so surprised," he added, turning towards an indignant Beelzebub descendant. Granted, he was useful enough, but he was the least useful of the bunch, for a number of reasons.

"Can we kill him?" Kokabiel asked, making the devil pale.

"No," Joshua answered and the fallen angel clicked his tongue… together with Kuroka and George. 'Shalba has no friends,' he noted to himself, more amused than anything else. It was even more funny because two of those were on Shalba's team, but… Oh well. Good to know that even Khaos Brigade could hate Khaos Brigade… in a way. "Anyway," he said, deciding to just continue with his life. Being a little silly was fine, but they were there for something other than that. "I'd appreciate it if you tried not to kill him," he told Nagini, who hissed something halfheartedly.

Cheshire purred something, the communication through the bond telling him that she'd make sure the snake wouldn't. He believed that a lot more, Joshua would admit. Nagini didn't even seem offended, which was very telling.

"Have fun, yeah?" he added for Margalo, who chirped something and flew off his shoulder. "And you…"

"Yes, daddy?" Morag asked, blinking at him, and he would swear Kunou had taught her how to be that cute. He almost wanted to pull her into a hug and bring her with him away from the training ground. Then she smiled a little wider, a little more excited. "We'll win," she added, as if reassuring him.

"I'm sure you will," he replied, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. "Don't be too mean, yeah?"

"It's not cute," Morag said, as if that was the only thing to worry about. Joshua stared at her for a long moment, wondering if he should say something to that. Ultimately, he smiled and patted her head. Morag had good reasons to be an odd one, after all. But he still loved her.

"Then," he said, turning away and walking off to the side. "Begin," he called without turning and the battle started immediately. His mind was already moving on to the next thing though. "Sorry to make you wait."

"Wait?" Valerie asked, as if he hadn't brought her there and made her wait on a bench for about five minutes on her own. Although, admittedly, he figured her fragmented soul and mind could barely track that much time. For her, it might as well have been a few seconds, the way her thoughts got all tangled and jumbled.

That didn't make things any better though, not at all.

"Yeah, wait," he answered with a nod as he sat beside her. "It wasn't nice to just have you sit here until I was done," he admitted, running his fingers through his hair. "Sorry about that."

"You are nice," she replied, beaming and he smiled sadly at her. "I like you," she added, her expression brightening even more. She was way too much like that, but he loved it. He loved it, but he also was incredibly sad about it, because at least half of that was because of her condition and he knew it.

"I like you too," he replied and that seemed to make her happy too. "So, do you have anything in mind for what to do now?" he asked her. Because that was just about the only things one could ask her, things about the present, things regarding the very moment the question was asked. Because things in the past, she could barely remember and using that to formulate thoughts was hard. She also couldn't think about the future, because she got lost in her imagination whenever she tried.

"They are funny," she commented instead of answering, looking off to where the others were waiting. "So excited."

"They are like that," he replied with a nod.

"Could I join them?" Valerie asked and Joshua stopped midway through opening a notebook.

"When we've managed to make you feel better," he answered and the girl let out a light cheer.

"Thank you," she told him and he nodded absently, looking for the page where he had her notes to look through them again. 'Go help your sisters, Friday. Stop looking over my shoulder,' he thought out loud and the living spell pouted and her presence shifted away. That was when a magic beam shot at Raynare, who burnt it away with Incinerate Anthem. "I mean it," Valerie insisted and Joshua blinked before turning to look at the vampire. She was staring straight at him with bright red eyes, intently and aware. "I appreciate that you're trying so hard," she explained.

She was having one of her lucid moments, apparently.

"You'll be fine some day, Valerie," he promised and the girl smiled. Not the half-vacant one she usually wore. No, this one was smaller, but no less meaningful. It was full of so much more emotion and thought that it was more meaningful, actually.

"Thank you."


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Writing new characters is a pain. And writing many characters in one scene is also a pain. Both of those issues presented themselves in this chapter and I hate it. Alas, that's what always ends up happening in my stories. Because I can't really limit things to a small cast for whatever reason. Maybe because… Well, a world should be full of people. There's more than a handful of people to it and if you're actually making waves like Joshua…

Yeah, he's kind of shooting himself in the foot in that regard.

He does seem to be cursed that way, doesn't he?

Still, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you like trying new places when you go out or do you prefer sticking to places you already know are good? Personally, if there's a new place and it looks half decent, I like trying it out and seeing if there's anything interesting or good about it. Never know when you might stumble upon a hidden gem or something, right?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 106 others
Adrian King
Jun 16, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 243 - How Do We Grab Hold of It? New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,621
How Do We Grab Hold of It?

There was something interesting about the time after the Spartos appeared in his life.

It brought Khaos Brigade back to the forefront of his life, yes, and that was a terrible thing for his nerves. However, the terrorist organization seemed to have disappeared off the face of Earth again and that was… worrying, yes, but left everyone in a spot where nothing was happening again. Stuck back where they'd been, but not really. It was jarring, whenever he stopped to think about it.

For Joshua in particular though, it had brought a lot of new things to do, let alone that it'd given him the push to ask Ophis for the wardstones. So, all in all, he'd gone from having nothing to do to having a lot of stuff to work with. Sure, none of it really made his work any easier and it piled onto his already exceedingly busy schedule, but… Joshua was feeling kind of better than before.

Because before he'd been working a lot just to get scraps. With new things added to the mix, he was back to feeling like he was getting somewhere with his work. It made his time feel like he was actually being productive with it, rather than working a lot and being busy for nothing or almost nothing. So, in that sense, Joshua was doing better than before, and he appreciated that.

"What are you thinking about?" Kunou asked, throwing a ball at him and he caught it with his left hand before throwing it back much more gently than she had.

She'd seen a scene in a cartoon they'd been watching, of a father and son duo playing catch and she'd asked if that was actually fun to do. Admittedly, it didn't look like much and it wasn't the most thrilling thing to do, but… There was something nice about it. So, she'd liked it when they tried and there they were, still doing it.

She was fine just playing and letting his mind wander, so that helped.

"Just going over the current situation," he answered, catching the ball again and throwing it back. "Sometimes it helps to step back and look at the full picture for a bit," he commented, which wasn't a lie, but also felt like a lie.

So, he decided to turn it into reality.

The reality was that he was working on a bunch of things regarding Khaos Brigade. The main points were the Spartos and Sephiroth Graal though. Yasaka, Serafall and Gabriel would take care of the rest of the mess in that regard, with raids and such. They'd let him know if they found anything new that he might need to be informed of.

"So," Kunou started throwing the ball and catching it again when he threw it back. "Is it helping?" she asked and he shrugged. There wasn't much to think about. He'd thought about maybe having Valerie trying to do something with the Spartos, but he was pretty nervous about letting her use her Sacred Gear much in general. The fact that the Spartos had turned out like it did only made it all worse. Furthermore, using a broken Sephiroth Graal on the abomination created by another broken Sephiroth Graal just sounded like a recipe for disaster.

His partners had agreed with that assessment too.

"Not really, I don't think," he answered, but his mind was latching onto that. Was there something else he could do? Maybe there were some other pieces on the board that he wasn't seeing. Or maybe there was another way to use the two that he had for something.

Grendel was a product of Sephiroth Graal, he supposed, so he could try to take a look at him. He already had though, but it couldn't hurt to take another look and go over his notes. The vampires that had been augmented fell into that category too, he supposed. 'What else is there?' he mused to himself.

Spartoi. Grendel. Vampires. Valerie herself.

'Two of those are related to dragons,' he noted to himself, but that could just be DxD bullshit. The entire verse seemed to be obsessed with Dragons. One only needed to look at the strongest beings in existence, Ophis and Great Red. Both were dragons, so…

'Wait, Spartoi were born from dragon teeth,' he thought to himself, pausing as he caught the ball again. He didn't throw it back though, his mind fully committing to the thought. 'How close are Spartoi to dragons, if at all?' he wondered. It didn't sound very relevant, but Khaos had four more of those, so…

'Something to ask Athena,' he decided, throwing the ball back to a slightly confused Kunou.

"You thought of something," the girl pointed out and he nodded. Fortunately, she dropped matters then. It wasn't that he didn't want to tell her, but he preferred not to talk too much business with her if he could help it. What he did wasn't always child friendly, for one, and for another… he'd rather let Kunou be a normal child rather than talk about business with her.

She had enough seriousness in her classes and whenever Yasaka needed her to be the "princess" of her faction. Yasaka agreed with him that they should let her have time not needing to worry about any of that. Some things were inevitable, but not all of them were, so they'd try their best to offer her more instances of the latter case when they could.

"Fine," Kunou pouted even as he considered his latest idea some more. Maybe he could test how the Spartos reacted to Ascalon and how Ascalon reacted to it. The sword didn't seem to care for much other than dragons, barely having any personality, so… Maybe he could get something, maybe he wouldn't. It couldn't hurt to test. "This is surprisingly nice," she commented, throwing the ball back at him.

"I know, right?" he asked with a smile that his daughter returned. "We should do this again," he commented.

Kunou readily agreed.

A little amused, he wondered if Koneko and Ravel would be down. He rather doubted it, but he'd also doubted Kunou would like it so… Who knew? Especially if the two saw Kunou having a good time.

Joshua entertained himself with that thought for a bit.


[}-o-{]
​

"That was… a lot more thorough than I thought it'd be," Joshua commented, blinking repeatedly.

It hadn't taken him long after thinking about it to contact Athena and organize another meeting. It helped that the goddess was more than eager to get things done in regards to her Spartoi. Apparently, it was very disturbing for her, since the Spartoi all had traces of divinity that she could feel.

It was unfortunate that she couldn't use said traces to track them though, but he guessed that would have been too easy. His life could never be easy and he knew it by then. Furthermore, it didn't really help that whatever Khaos had done had seriously screwed with the sown warriors, he supposed.

"You do remember who you're talking to, don't you?" Athena asked with a raised eyebrow and he snorted. "I'd be very ashamed of myself if I weren't able to tell you this much about my own creations."

This much being pretty much anything he'd been able to think about asking in regards to the Spartoi, and plenty that he hadn't thought about. She'd been speaking for quite a long time, and he'd made sure to write it all down. Joshua knew that he'd spend a few days just going over everything she'd told him, to make sure he was properly processing and using it all.

"One question though," he commented and Athena seemed taken aback. Had she expected to have answered any question he might have? That was… valid, yeah. "How do they react to Dragon Slayer energy?" he asked.

"They are not dragons, Dragon Slayer energy doesn't affect them like it does dragons, even though they were born from dragon teeth," Athena answered calmly and he stared at her for a long moment. "Does that not sufficiently answer your question?" she asked and he considered that.

"I asked how they react to Dragon Slayer energy, not if Dragon Slayer energy affects them the same as dragons," he clarified and she narrowed her eyes for a moment. The previously half-dismissive attitude sharpening. "Is there no other effect it could have on them? If so, do Dragon Slayer artifacts react in any way to the Spartoi?" he asked.

Silence was his answer for a long few seconds and he could see the goddess's mind working. It was… very interesting, to think that he might have stumbled over something that the Goddess of Wisdom didn't know. Although, that struck him as… odd too. Then again, none of the gods that he'd interacted with or "interacted with" such as most of the Egyptian pantheon struck him as absolute, even in their main domains.

Fairly great, yes, but not absolute.

The only thing even remotely absolute that he had met was Ophis and it wasn't even close for anyone else.

"I can't rightfully say that I know the answer to that," she admitted and she almost looked like it physically hurt her to say as much. "I only checked that Dragon Slayer energy wouldn't be harmful to them and… nothing else through their life provided further knowledge on the matter," she commented and that explained things, he supposed. Still kind of interesting to find something a goddess of wisdom didn't know though.

"Well, we can find out then," Joshua replied, turning his head towards the captured Spartos and summoning Ascalon to his hand. It didn't react like it had to dragons, that was for sure. However, it seemed to stir from its almost permanent slumber all the same. Not in the eager-hunt mode that reminded him of Cheshire chasing prey in the forest, however. Instead, it reminded him more of Friday or Morag looking at something new, curiosity for the most part. Maybe some confusion, like the sword thought it should go into slaying mode but wouldn't. "That's an interesting reaction," he mumbled to himself, looking between the Spartos and Ascalon.

"What is it?" Athena asked, a hunger in her eyes that was very Cheshire like. Maybe it was the fact that she'd just found herself lacking in something related to knowledge. Or maybe she was like that every time new knowledge was offered to her. All the same, Joshua found himself briefly amused.

So, he explained what he got from the sword as best he could.

After that, he continued, testing things. He tried to pick up any information he could from the Spartos, but that was harder to do. Far as he could tell though, there was nothing of note there, but it was difficult to tell anything when it came to the abomination, really. Interestingly, the creature was affected by Dragon Slaying energy though, they found out when he nicked with the tip of the blade.

Even Ascalon seemed surprised by that.

"That's…" Athena mumbled, looking deeply disturbed. "That's impossible. I tested for that," she said, looking like she desperately wanted Joshua to believe her. Although, she also sounded like she might be trying to reassure herself.

"The change," he commented, tilting his head. "It makes them… a little bit of everything. So, just like it always has a handful of different features at all times, there might be bits of dragon thrown into the mix. So, the shifting isn't only physical…" he noted to himself, taking a deep breath in and considering the implications of that. "Just like it reacts now, it might not react at another time, if it loses the dragon property it probably has now… I should test that though. If it always has a weakness like that, then that's worth noting. It might be very slight, but…"

"Every advantage is worth exploiting, if freely given," Athena finished for him and he nodded. Then the goddess took a deep breath in. "Now I find myself curious what else is there to learn about them," she mused out loud, mostly to herself.

She didn't look interested though.

She looked curious the same way someone might be curious about how a car crash will turn out.


[}-o-{]
​

"Am I boring you, Joshua?"

He took a deep breath, his eyes remaining closed. He was sitting on a bench, leaning back and facing the sky. Around them, there was the whisper of people talking some distance away and the faint ambient music that was set up. There was a gentle breeze washing over them, like a careful caress. The smell of old stone and wood permeated the entire place, but there was also the hint of his date's perfume that almost made him smile.

"Not at all," he answered, not opening his eyes even then. "I just… I was struck by how peaceful this place is," he added. That is, before he snorted. "Although, there's a chance that I'm more tired than I thought," he admitted and it seemed to take effort to push his head up and forward as he opened eyes to look at Gabriel. "Sorry about that though, the last thing I want is to make you think you're boring," he told her and he meant every word. Hopefully, she'd realized that.

There was no reason for her not to, since she was just as good at reading people as either of his other two partners. Not for the first time, he wondered why he'd ended up in a relationship with people so scarily good at reading others. Idly, he also wondered if that said something about him, or them, or both.

"It is rather calm here, isn't it?" the angel commented, looking around and taking in the place around them. It was an old building, a house or something of the sort, that had been turned into something similar to a park. Or, at least, the garden-like spot in the middle of the building had. The actual building, a square surrounding the spot they were at, was more of a museum sort of deal… ish. "I hadn't quite noticed that," Gabriel added, as if seeing the place in a completely different light.

"You don't have to humor me," he told her with a half-smile, especially when she took a seat next to him. "We can check out the east side," he suggested, but she shook her head.

"No, I think I want to sit here and enjoy this," she replied and his incredulity and doubt might have shown on his face rather clearly, because she was rather quick to add: "I mean it. I'm usually too eager to look at the place, take in the architecture, the crafts that went into the buildings and statues and gardens, but… The atmosphere isn't something I tend to appreciate much, I think," she explained and he nodded slowly, still not quite sure he believed her. "I'm not lying."

"I'm gonna trust you about that," he said, as if he weren't. He knew Gabriel could lie to him no problem, sure, but he also knew she wasn't likely to, especially if she insisted like that. Especially over something so inane. So, he just sat there next to her for a long moment as they took in their surroundings. Although, it was kind of ruined a little when he noticed people around them looking their way, because of course they did. Gabriel was ridiculously beautiful, after all.

It was always a little amusing to see people's reactions to her.

He'd even get his own looks more often than not, probably wondering how he'd managed to get with a woman that gorgeous. Sometimes Joshua wondered what looks he'd get if he ever went out with all three of his partners. Not that he would, since they didn't seem interested in that, but the hypothetical was funny in his mind.

"You can close your eyes and lean back again, if you want," Gabriel told him but he shook his head and waved the idea away.

"I'm afraid I might fall asleep if I do," he admitted with a chuckle. Although, he was only half joking, really. "I'd rather not have to deal with light attacks today," he added, which was definitely a joke. He knew Gabriel wouldn't attack him… Instead, she might look sad, or disappointed, or something, and that'd hurt so much more, he knew.

"It's fine if you do," Gabriel told and if he'd been skeptical before, he was downright suspicious of a trap then and there. "I mean it," she added with a warm smile. "You've been working tirelessly for quite a while. You deserve some rest, so I'm not going to begrudge you for it," she reassured him. "I'm not going to feel bad at all, really. It's kind of flattering that you've come here with me even though you could be resting at home instead."

Often, Joshua would find himself disbelievingly wondering how he'd gotten so lucky with his partners. Not only because they were completely out of his league, but also because they had somehow decided that they'd be happy sharing him even. It was the kind of bullshit that he wouldn't have even dreamed off back in his old life. The kind of thing that belonged in nonsensical fantasies.

Yet, there he was.

"One day," Gabriel started again then, running her fingers softly through his hair as if pushing a lock behind his ear, even though his hair wasn't long enough to really do so. "We might convince you that you're worth plenty. I really hope we do," she told him and her smile seemed a little sad.

And he hated that he was the reason for that.

"You're succeeding," he replied, but even he knew there was more to it than just that. "Just… not completely, I guess," he added with a shrug. It was how he was, he supposed. It sucked, but his mind worked that way and it wouldn't be easy to dispel that notion.

"One day," Gabriel repeated before gently moving her hand around his head and pulling him in for a kiss. "We'll just have to keep trying, I suppose," she said with a slightly wider smile before she pushed him down, resting his head on her lap. "Now, enjoy the atmosphere, alright? I think I rather like this spot," she told him.

"I love you," he said with a smile on his face that wasn't likely to disappear anytime soon.

"I love you too," Gabriel replied, a hand moving up to touch the iris flower resting behind her ear.


[}-o-{]
​

"You don't trust me."

Joshua raised an eyebrow at that, looking at Zekram Bael with an otherwise flat expression. Because, really, what kind of statement was that? The devil knew that he… Well, that he knew a bunch of things, many of those things he didn't have any business knowing. Furthermore, the man had to know that Serafall had told him a thing or two about him herself.

"Are you surprised?" he asked instead of deigning that statement with any other response.

"Not at all," the Great King answered with a slight smile that took him aback some. "I mean that in the sense that you don't even try to pretend to trust me," he explained and that made sense. However, Joshua didn't think that made much sense, both the statement and doing as he said.

"I don't see the point," he replied, taking a deep breath in and running his fingers through his hair. "You've been playing this game for way too long for me to think I can fool you, and that's without me being terrible at the game to begin with," he said and that seemed to deeply amuse the Bael. He wasn't sure how he felt about that. "Besides, I don't see any reason to even try."

"That makes you smarter than most people I have to deal with on a regular basis," Zekram commented and somehow Joshua wasn't sure if that was a compliment for him or an insult for the others. It was probably both, maybe, but if he had to bet, it was more the latter than the former. "It's a real shame that you're not a devil," the man added.

Joshua felt like there was a lot to unpack there and he did not have the emotional bandwidth to deal with that at the moment. So, he just pushed that to the back of his mind and picked up his notebook. Better to go back to working on the Power of Destruction project for Sairaorg. The sooner he was done with that, the sooner he could stop having to interact with Zekram.

He felt like that'd be the best for his continued sanity.

Or whatever was left of it, at least.

"Giving up already?" the devil asked, an amused grin on his face. It always looked off to Joshua whenever the Bael looked happy and just generally nice and positive. It made him feel like he was missing a trap somewhere. "Maybe you underestimate yourself rather than overestimate yourself like everyone else does. I wonder if that's better or worse."

"Moving on," he said and that only seemed to amuse Zekram more. "Can you do anything other than projecting, manifesting or controlling Power of Destruction away from your body?" he asked and that seemed confuse the Bael for a bit. Or maybe it took him a moment to process the question. Either way… "What I mean, basically, is… can you do anything you haven't shown me? Like applying Power of Destruction to your body or doing something else that'd be different from what I've seen so far."

"Oh, you mean how Lucifer can turn his body to Power of Destruction," Zekram noted, a hint of disdain in his tone. It was no surprise for Joshua to find that the man didn't like Sirzechs much. It was a little surprising that the Bael called him Lucifer though, but not much. "I'm afraid you'll have to ask him for that if you need it. I've pretty much demonstrated the extent of what I can do," he commented, but he didn't seem to be a fan of that. "If possible though, I'd rather you don't. I want Sairaorg to have as pure a Power of Destruction as possible rather than whatever it is the Gremorys have."

'Ah, Pride, that's a lot easier to understand,' Joshua noted to himself, reassured that Zekram had stopped acting completely different from what he expected him to. He'd been a little worried for a minute there. They were in much more understandable territory once again and he was relieved by that.

"Alright, I'll try not to use that unless I really have to," he replied and that seemed to please Zekram. Honestly, the project was interesting and he would carry it out, but he had zero issues with the Bael hindering the entire thing with his Pride. It wasn't like Joshua needed to finish it to get "paid" for the work. And Sairaorg seemed kind of ambivalent on the entire thing at best so…

It was fine if things didn't go particularly fast.

"With that said," he commented, rubbing the back of his neck and looking to the side thoughtfully. "Let's go over things one more time. Then I think we can stop with the regular testing. I have more or less what I want. I'll give you a call if I have new stuff to work on and if you want a progress report, just let me know," he told the Bael.

Mostly because he just didn't want to interact with the man all that much. So, if he could cut back on such instances, all the better, as far as Joshua was concerned. Besides, he did more or less mean what he was saying and he wasn't cheating the guy out of what he'd asked. He was just tweaking the situation so that it'd be less awkward for him.

Joshua didn't think it was crazy for him to do that.

And if it was, then it was whatever.

He didn't like Zekram anyway.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I know this probably feels like the same flavor of idle time as usual. But it feels completely different to me for whatever reason. Maybe it's because the Muse is whispering in my ear this time rather than me just writing normal life as best I can.

And the Muse doing anything is always a mess…

Which concerns me a great deal, I'll admit.

Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Time to repeat an old question, but… What's your favorite part of this story so far?

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 94 others
Adrian King
Jun 23, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 244 - The World Owes Me a Debt- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jun 30, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,629
The World Owes Me a Debt-

"And Levia-tan saves the day again!" Serafall exclaimed, looking very proud of herself and twirling around to celebrate her victory. Off to the side, Joshua golf clapped with his expression deliberately the mildest flavor of impressed. "Domino, you're ruining my moment here," Serafall mock-whispered and he faked surprise and offense.

"Me? I'd never," he denied, not even trying to put proper scandal into his voice nor his expression. "That was properly impressive, Levi. The stuff of legend. They'll put that in the history books, for sure," he reassured her with barely any enthusiasm.

Serafall groaned.

"You suck."

"What'd I do?" he asked, a half-smile on his face that said he knew exactly what he'd done. "I'm congratulating you."

"You could congratulate me less," Serafall hissed and then sighed. "Ok, that just ruined everything."

"Would a smoothie make you feel better?" he offered with an easy smile. One that only widened when Serafall deflated. "I'll take that as a yes. Let's go."

"Can't you let me celebrate the victory for a bit?"

"No."

Serafall sighed again… and that was the end of that scene.

"That needs more work," she said immediately and Joshua nodded. "You think so too?" she asked, turning towards him, curious. "I think I could do better on my part."

"I'm not selling myself with my own dialogues either. I think we should change some of it," he admitted, running his fingers through his hair. "We can go over that for a bit, I guess," he commented thoughtfully. "Maybe over an actual smoothie?"

"I like the way you think," Serafall commented with a smile. Then she turned towards her show's crew and started talking to people. There were a bunch of things to go over, so he settled for watching her work. He didn't have much to do in between scenes and he wasn't really that close to most of the other actors, really.

He was feeling particularly antisocial those days too, so that didn't help either.

Admittedly, some would say he shouldn't even be bothering. There were more important things going on in his life than acting in a magical girl show. However, he'd tell those people that he didn't care for their opinions. Any time spent with a loved one was worth it. Just like playing with Kunou would never not be important, or visiting some place with Gabriel, or sharing a meal with Yasaka, or helping Jeanne study, or walking around Asia's garden.

Working in the show was something Serafall loved and he was all too happy to share that with her.

Besides, he knew what working on something all the time could do to him, and that was neither healthy nor productive. Things would be worse if Khaos pulled something on them and he was too burnt out to face them. So, he needed to take it easy, take breaks when he could in between all the work.

"You're thinking about something," Serafall commented, making her way back to him, and he smiled at the sight of her. "What are you thinking about?"

"The fact that I love you and I like spending time here with you," he said and there was a slight pause and he was pretty sure he saw a very slight dusting of pink on her cheeks. He could be imagining it though, but he decided to think it was actually there. "And that I appreciate the chance to take a break on top of that," he admitted with a shrug.

"I love you too," Serafall replied, walking up to him until her breasts were almost pressing against him. She beamed up at him and it pulled a smile right out of him just to see that. "The writer and the director agree with us, they say they are going to go over things for a bit and get back to us, unless we have a clear idea ourselves," she said and Joshua knew that her "us" and "ourselves" meant her, but he appreciated being included. "So about that smoothie…"

"Sounds like a date," he commented, leaning down to kiss her. "Did you have anywhere in mind?" he asked and she blinked for a moment. "I'm sure there's somewhere around here we can go if not," he added with a second kiss.

"Stop kissing me," she muttered. "It's distracting," she added with a breath. "Especially in that suit." He almost laughed at that. Instead, he kissed her again. "We're not going to get those smoothies like this, you know?"

"Hm, that'd be a shame," he commented as casually as he could. "We could leave the rest of the date for later tonight, I guess," he said, very aware that he was leaving a "but" hanging to the end of his words. It was even more obvious for Serafall, obviously, and it showed in the way her eyes bore into his with renewed intensity.

"I'm a terrible influence on you," she said, but she was grinning, so she probably didn't regret it. Joshua grinned back at her. "What happened to that shy man I dragged to Kyoto?"

"He got a little less shy," he answered with a chuckle. "Especially when this gorgeous woman kept pulling him out of his shell, whether he liked it or not."

"I regret nothing," she replied, both amused and proud. "Well, maybe a little. You're bound to attract more women like this."

"I only have eyes for you three and you know it," he reassured, but that only got a laugh out of Serafall.

"It's cute that you think that matters," she told him and he was suddenly getting a little worried. "That doesn't matter right now though."

"Oh, and what matters right now?" he asked and her smile was answer enough. However, he waited for an actual answer. Which he got when she reached forward to grab his shirt and pull him closer to her.

"How fast you can get us somewhere private, that's what," she told him, grinning wider when she pulled away. "And that the costumes stay on."

"Got it," he replied as a circle flashed under their feet.


[}-o-{]
​

"Think of a spell like a full glass, whenever you try to make a change, it's like adding water and making it overflow. From there, you have to adjust things all around so that the glass is the right shape for the new water volume," he explained, because it never hurt to go over the basics of spellcrafting again. "Following the water analogy in a different direction, imagine you have a river and you drop a giant rock on it. The water will flow around it. That's what a single adjustment does. You need to drop enough rocks that the overflow is stopped. A spell design should be almost completely different, even if the actual change you've made is minimal."

"Does that mean that a big change and a small change are just as difficult?" someone asked and he was pleased about it. Because nobody had asked that the first time he explained things. The valkyries were feeling more at ease, evidently, and that was great. An engaged audience was much better than one that just sat dutifully and listened.

"Is it just as difficult to stop the flow of a river as wide as this city and one as wide as this classroom?" he asked and that seemed to get through. "Big changes and small changes both affect the entire design, but there's still a very clear difference between both cases. It just means that the misconception that a small change is easy is wrong, no matter how small it might be," he explained, taking a deep breath in. "Let's go through an example, I imagine most of you know at least some basic storage spells?" he asked and there were enough nods for him to run with that. "Let's say I'm trying to cast a storage spell and the base is…"

And on he went.

As he spoke, he saw Iryuka taking notes of everything he said, like usual. Idly, when he finished his lecture and told the valkyries to work on a quick exercise, he wondered if the devil was learning too. Devil magic had clear differences from most other magic approaches, but they still could benefit from parts of it. They used circles too, for one, even though they didn't strictly need them.

'I should look into that, actually,' he thought, tilting his head as he considered that. 'Myrddin circles are already based on their magic, but maybe there's more that could be done…' Food for thought, maybe. If he found the time, that was definitely something he could check. It wasn't like he didn't have any devil friends to demonstrate a little. Hell, failing all of those for any political reason, Kuroka was right there and they could "illegally" get shit done while Serafall looked the other way.

Fool proof plan, really.

Surely.

"Alright," he said when a spell notified him that the time for the valkyries to do the exercise was up. Half the class groaned and protested while the other half remained in silent despair. Some might call him sadistic, but it was always fun to pull that on his students. Kept them on their toes and all that. He mostly did it for fun though, admittedly. "Let's see what you all have managed."

As it turned out, there were even some successes.

Impressive stuff.

"What do you think?" Göndul asked, like she did after almost every class. She was very curious about how the valkyries did, evidently. Either that or she wanted to know his opinion on them very clearly. Maybe both, even.

"They are all very good and they are getting better at engaging with the class," he said and he kept to himself the fact that they were all around much better than his regular magician classes. He didn't want any of them to get a big head. "They are getting better all around really fast, honestly," he added and the old valkyrie seemed very pleased to hear that. No surprises there though. "Some of them are a little too proud, but at least they aren't problematic about it," he pointed out, just to take the wind out of Göndul's sails a little.

It wasn't a lie though. His regular magician classes were full of assholes, yes, usually ones that had learned how to control themselves just enough that he couldn't reasonably lash out anymore. It was more trouble for him than they were worth at that point. Besides, Ravel and co. would take that up with Agnes and let her use such instances to drain the offending magician's association little by little.

Sadly, they couldn't quite do the same with the valkyries, but they weren't quite that bad anyway. They were just a little annoying, but never intentionally offensive about it. They just had a lot of confidence and it wasn't always warranted. He could understand where it came from though, since they were pretty good. Just not always as good as they thought they were.

He hadn't had to make a true example of any of them, thankfully.

"If you would tell me who, that'd help a lot," Göndul commented curtly and he grinned, opened his mouth and- Joshua blinked, tilting his head as he raised a hand with a finger up. "What?"

"I need a moment," he answered, stepping away and waving off Iryuka. "Yes?" he answered the incoming call. "Did something happen, Yasaka?"

"Perun gave us a call," was the answer he got and he blinked.

"Who?"

"Leader of the Slavic Pantheon," she answered and he straightened his back. "They got a visit of their own, apparently. Khaos made a mess, the remaining Spartoi were there and they apparently disappeared with Aždaja, a previously dead Evil Dragon."

"How did they get away?" he said and he barely kept his voice from turning into a full growl. "Why didn't they-?"

"Because Pantheons don't like calling for help, Joshua," Yasaka told him, sounding tired and it drained his own energy to hear her like that. "It's been a full day, actually and they are just reaching out about it, apparently. Serafall will be going to talk to them but… I thought you should know."

"Thanks for telling me. I'll talk with Agnes after I'm done here and then we can have a meeting about this," he muttered, getting an agreement and then pinching the bridge of his nose.

Khaos Brigade couldn't disappear fast enough, truly.


[}-o-{]
​

"The Slavic, got it," Agnes replied and he nodded.

She was efficient like that. Joshua felt like he didn't appreciate just how much, actually. Because the woman had been very helpful almost from the get go. Hell, even when their working relationship had just gotten started, she had already more than accommodated him.

Granted, things were a little different by then, but Joshua still considered her somewhat of a… friendly ally. Sometimes a very useful asset, but that felt a lot colder than he'd like. Not untrue though, he supposed, but that might just be him getting a different view of things as time passed. The him from before would probably never have done that.

The him from before had been a completely different person though, he felt.

"Thank you," he replied with a slight smile. "If you could also keep an ear to the ground and tell me if there's any news. I'm pretty sure we should hear from anything, but one never knows," he added, taking a deep breath in… and then turning towards Elizabeth. "Both of you."

"You got it," the slightly more shady magician accepted easily. Which was good, because she was the one that might get information they wouldn't by themselves. Admittedly… "You know that I'm burning a lot of my resources for your assignments, right?" she asked him and that had been something that came to mind from time to time.

"I considered that might be the case, yes," he answered with a frustrated grimace that seemed to set them on edge. Thus, Joshua was quick to continue before they could get in their heads too much… Which he knew was kind of funny. "If you can think of anything I could do that wouldn't be too bad and would help you keep your contacts, do let me know," he told her.

He knew that'd further damn him and his soul – maybe even literally –, but it was a small prize to pay for what he might need to keep everything he loved safe. He could worry about the repercussions of his actions once there was a future for him to do so. That was not a guarantee so long as Khaos Brigade was around. So… he'd have to make do with what he had.

"When you say not too bad…" Elizabeth started and he gave her a flat look.

"You know what I meant, but if you somehow don't, then just ask and I'll see," he told her and she nodded quickly. He really hoped she knew what his limits would be, because if she came to him with something exceedingly stupid, he might have to consider teaching her a lesson somehow. She seemed too smart for that though, so he decided to trust her on that. "That was all I had to say, so unless you need to tell me something…" he said then, offering them a chance to let him know if something was going on.

They were allies, after all, so, if they did need something…

"Nothing on my side," Agnes waved him off, Elizabeth quickly following with a "Not at all". They seemed a little nervous all of a sudden though. And he wasn't sure what the exchanged look was for, but he waved it off. "We don't want to hold you up," Agnes added and he nodded, standing up.

"Then, I'll take my leave," he said before making his way outside. Once the door closed behind him, he took a deep breath in. "Iryuka," he started, making the girl beside him straighten. "I need you to get a message to Ravel and Seekvaira."

"Anything you need, sir," the girl replied and he nodded.


[}-o-{]
​

"Sorry for the delay," Joshua said as he walked through the door, seeing the alliance already gathered. It gave him pause though, because there were extra faces around the table. On one side, there was Odin and on the other, Athena. Immediately, he wondered if there was any tension for the absence of Zeus himself, but that didn't seem to be the case, thankfully. "I missed some things, apparently."

"That's what happens when you take your time on the way," Azazel commented, making his eye twitch. At least he did so casually, rather than more overtly aiming it like an insult towards him. Not that Joshua was in the mood for that shit, but there were new faces around and he'd rather not have to go down that path in front of them. "We were just agreeing to look out for any new appearances. Some agents will be spread around allied factions so that we can cover more ground and let each other know if anything happens."

That was actually kind of helpful of him to say.

Almost made Joshua not be annoyed looking at him.

"It'll ruffle some feathers if it comes to it," Athena commented analytically. "But it's a risk worth taking and it should be relatively easy to keep the… consequences to a minimum."

"Alright," he mumbled as he took his seat. "Anything else or was that the gist of it?"

"That's the summary," Serafall answered, leaning against his side rather casually and intimately, which he thought was odd. He didn't point it out though. She knew more about what she was doing than he did, after all.

"Well, I took my time because I was telling House of Water to keep an eye out for news too," he informed everyone, running his fingers through his hair. "And also a contact I have in the less nice magic society circles."

"Everyone knows House of Water has a few bad eggs, child," Odin commented and Joshua refrained from replying to that. "That's not a terrible idea, but do forgive me if I doubt how useful they'll be."

"Everyone underestimates magicians and their associations. I'm counting on that, actually," Joshua replied, not quite curtly but it could be understood like that, he supposed. He wasn't opposed to that interpretation. Although, Odin seemed to take it very easily. The god even seemed amused.

"There's that, I suppose."

"So, what else do we have?" he asked, looking around. He really, really hoped that wasn't all, because it was going to turn out to be a very frustrating meeting if that was all. Even with the evident progress in terms of allies and such. He wasn't sure what had happened there, but he knew his partners would fill him in eventually. It wasn't that difficult to put together that his partners had probably managed to talk the other two factions into officially joining.

Which was great, because as much as the agreements he'd gotten for the "miracles" he sold those two were worth, actual participation and direct help was better.

"The Slavic aren't telling us much, they are…" Yasaka started, hesitantly. "They don't get along with most of this alliance," she admitted and he'd have to be blind not to notice the way she looked at Athena, Gabriel and Azazel. He wondered what the story there was… but most of all, he found himself internally grumbling about the issue.

Because of course there had to be an issue.

There was always an issue.

"We do know one thing though," Gabriel commented and he turned to give her his full attention. "They are using Annihilation Maker to get through our defenses," she said, taking a deep breath in. "We need to find ways to deal with that," she added, looking around.

The atmosphere around the room seemed to grow tense at that.

"Hm, that makes sense," he replied, leaning back and considering the point. "Annihilation Maker is such a cheat," he added, aware that it was a little hypocritical of him to think so. He did have his own cheat in the shape of the system, after all. Speaking of systems, he so dearly wished he could use Heaven's System to help out, but… Not only was that a mess that not even his Administrator access helped navigate, but he also continued to be very reluctant to do much of anything with it.

The last thing he wanted was to cause more problems just by trying to fix one.

No, that was something better left to the angels to slowly figure out while he helped them get things done.

"Fortunately, I think I've more or less countered it," he commented, summoning one of his notebooks and mentally calling for Friday. "It's a little tricky, admittedly. But I think I can set up something in a bunch of locations. I'm kind of limited in that regard for now though and I have to keep working on it to smooth things over… But I should be able to cover one location for every faction here," he explained, nodding to himself after going over everything and confirming what he'd just said to himself.

The addition of the Norse and the Greek pushed things a little in regards to that particular project, but he was confident.

One or two more locations would have him start properly doubting things though. Friday was only one entity, no matter how versatile she was. And Joshua refused to make more of her for convenience's sake, like she was some kind of tool. So, he'd have to make do. With some improvement on his arrays, she should be able to keep an eye on things all over the place without issue and he'd be able to add more arrays to that count.

He just needed to make the process smoother and, furthermore, maybe less reliant on her for everything.

Funnily enough, adding more arrays would help too, if they were placed more spread out around the globe. It'd have Friday's moving between arrays with less distance between one another, if there was a "relay" in between, for example, Japan and Greece. He did tell the alliance that.

"So, while I work on that," Joshua continued, looking up and seeing every face fixed on him. "Well, not sure about you guys, but I trust you'll come up with something," he added with a shrug. He blinked, however, when none of them looked away from him after a long moment. "What?"

"Nothing," Serafall answered with a giggle in her voice. "Nothing at all. So, next order of business…" And off she went, bringing up a bunch of politics in regards to non-alliance pantheons and what they could and couldn't ask from them. Joshua kind of wasn't well equipped for that conversation, so he left them to it. He did keep an ear out even while he worked on his own things though.

Unfortunately, he couldn't really help them come up with ways to better negotiate with the Inca pantheon or smooth over some of the issues inside the Norse faction or any of that. It was kind of interesting to hear though, he'd admit. That is, when it wasn't confusing and sounding like a different language altogether to his ears.

Idly, as that went on, he wondered if Ravel, Iryuka and Seekvaira were having any luck looking through his library. He had sent them to do that for him, to check information on the Slavic pantheon… and also any mention of dragons and dragon-related things. It seemed Khaos was targeting though, after all. Granted, it didn't narrow things out at all for them, since every Pantheon seemed to have some flavor of dragons and such. However, it might come in handy to have some extra information on those.

He'd already studied up on those that he remembered from canon… but clearly things weren't going the canon way in that regard, between the Spartoi and Aždaja.

And he was really not liking any of it, he'd admit.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well… I'd say things are picking up a little, but I'm honestly not very sure if that's the case. I'm always afraid to say that kind of thing, because that feels like a promise, and I can never promise anything. The Muse does as the Muse wants, so I'm kind of always unsure of where things are going. I don't wanna say there's gonna be exciting few chapters and then fall on my face when the Muse feels like dropping three chapters of nothing but slice of life and slow progress.

You know what I mean?

So, yeah, we'll all just have to wait and see.

I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter though.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What flavor of candy do you tend to prefer regardless of the kind of candy? I generally like lemon flavored stuff.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 94 others
Adrian King
Jun 30, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 245 - -And Now I’ve Come to Collect- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 8, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,640
-And Now I've Come to Collect-

Joshua was starting to take measures that he'd put off before.

For one, he'd already approached Ophis in regards to the infinity wardstones he now possessed. That had been the biggest "idea" that he'd been reluctant to tackle. Although, that had been more a matter of not wanting to go up to the dragon and just straight out ask her for it. He'd been planning to at least wait for her to come out of the Silence Rooms on her own accord.

Alas, that hadn't been possible, but things had worked out well anyway.

"So, you've been very vague about this," Katerea commented, and he could – or Cheshire could, at least – tell that she was nervous, even if she acted like she wasn't. The sharp sense of his feline familiar wouldn't be deceived though, and she shared everything with him through the bond. For once, however, that wasn't brought about by Nagini's gaze locked onto the devil.

No, it came from Joshua… which wasn't that rare either, admittedly.

"This is going to be very painful, isn't it?" Katerea asked and he considered lying to her. Ultimately though, he decided that it wasn't worth the effort. It wasn't like he hadn't put her through hell already. That was the reason why she was so wary, really.

"Chances are that it'll be," he answered and the devil gulped and grimaced. She seemed taken aback too, for some reason. Maybe she'd expected him to say something else, regardless of if that was true or not. "If it makes you feel better, I'll give you a little extra freedom if things go well. I might even talk to Serafall about allowing you in the Underworld and all," he commented and she perked up.

Admittedly, it was a little funny to say that, considering the whole Leviathan issue between both women.

"Why are you offering that?" she asked, eyes narrowed in suspicion. "You can get whatever you want without that. I'm a prisoner."

"You've been behaving yourself," Joshua replied with a shrug and he was a little confused by the half embarrassed and half angry grimace she pulled. "And I might need your cooperation with this. I don't honestly know what to expect going into it," he added and that seemed to make her relax a little bit. Maybe because she could understand where he was coming from.

"I see," she mumbled, sounding and looking like she hated the entire idea. She didn't curse him, nor did she say anything else for that matter. Instead, she stared at him and he could almost see her going over things. Ultimately, there was only one option for her to take, really. Especially after her pride had been thoroughly destroyed already. There were remnants of it left, yes, but nowhere near enough for her to actively do anything even remotely against him. "Very well," she said in the end, and he took it as the agreement that it was.

"Great," Joshua replied with a slight smile.

Not that he was looking forward to possibly inflicting pain on the devil, but he was looking forward to getting good results – hopefully – out of that particular project. It wouldn't be immediately useful, he didn't think, but it could come in handy later down the line. Possibly. There was still a chance that he might be going through all that for nothing, admittedly.

Joshua was at a point where he was doing everything he could and hoping something would stick, however.

"Alright, stand in the middle of the circle, please," he said, more as a formality than anything else as they entered a particular room. It was covered in spells, giving Katerea pause, but the devil moved where he'd gestured towards after a moment. She was a little nervous, understandably, and even Joshua noticed, what with how she shuffled on her feet and clenched and unclenched her hands.

He didn't pay her too much mind though.

Instead, he went over the arrays he'd already put together. Then he activated a bunch of them, making Katerea flinch. He hadn't started yet though. Most of them were background things, support set ups for the actual thing. Everything read fine up to that point and Katerea herself looked as he expected under the sensing spells.

In hindsight though, he should have told her what he was doing. Which was why he started talking as he went over the process himself. He explained to her what they were going to be doing, and what every spell he had set up was supposed to do. He had doubts the devil was even understanding most of it, but she seemed ever so slightly reassured all the same, which he guessed was good.

"Whenever you're ready," he told Katerea and she stared at him for a long moment. After that, however, she relaxed her still tense shoulders. Then she gulped and visibly took a deep breath in before letting it out slowly. She was trying to calm herself, but she was only marginally succeeding.

"... Thanks for saying that," she told him and he was a little surprised by that. He hadn't thought much of it, but… Maybe he should have expected it. In the position she was in, maybe it was to be expected to appreciate such small courtesies.

Or maybe she expected things to go really badly.

Joshua couldn't say that was unwarranted if it was the case.

"I'm ready," Katerea said and he wasted no time, nodding and activating everything that was left. Immediately, the many arrays reached for Katerea like hungry creatures, clawing through her. They ignored her magic, her life and her body, however. They reached for the Ophis Snake, after all, and they caught it.

Unfortunately for the devil, the thing had metaphorically curled and half-fused with her soul to boost her as it did. It was like a parasite already way back when he'd first caught her, when she'd first taken it even, he'd bet, and it had only gotten worse with time. He had barely managed to make zones where she wasn't going to be destroyed by the tithing, after all. That meant that the process of extracting that wasn't going to be nice for her. He had expected that. It was almost guaranteed, even if he'd told her he wasn't sure.

Joshua hadn't been one hundred percent sure, but he had been very sure, he'd admit.

Sure enough, Katerea's body stiffened where she stood, her mouth opening to scream so loudly that Joshua grimaced even as he focused on what he was doing. He suspected she'd have collapsed if it weren't for the spells holding her in place. Her very soul seemed to writhe under the effects of his magic, trying to recoil away from his spells. Alas, it was kind of trapped inside her body, fortunately.

Or unfortunately, for her.

With a deep breath in, Joshua ignored all that, focusing on what he was trying to do. Extracting the thing was difficult, after all. Not only did he have to carefully separate what was Katerea's soul from the Ophis Snake, but he also had to filter the parts that were both and neither at the same time. It wasn't, after all, a case of water and oil. There were plenty of areas where they mixed together way too much and he had to make a distinction there or he risked leaving one or both Katerea and the Ophis Snake completely butchered.

It was a good thing that he'd spent so much time studying her soul, he supposed. Furthermore, it was a good thing that he'd spent so much time studying soul magic in general. He'd had to put together pieces from plenty of projects to try and pull off what he was doing, from the Sleep Disease to his attempts at Valerie's situation, passing through Friday's creation.

All of it had helped him pull off that one attempt, together with plenty of experimentation and studying in regards to Katerea herself when she'd been a prisoner and even after she got out.

At one point though, roughly halfway through the process – he wasn't sure how much time had passed; he wasn't keeping track –, Joshua noticed a shift on the Ophis Snake side. The parts that were still attached got even worse, not stronger, but more desperate, reckless even. It was worrying to notice, but the part that struck him as more interesting was the other side of the Ophis Snake.

That one seemed to start writhing not unlike Katerea's soul. Distinctly though, it snapped around like trying to latch back onto the devil, even though he wasn't letting it. He watched that a little – wondering why it looked so familiar – before he decided to try something. That was when he paused the extraction process, letting things calm down for a bit.

And then he poked the detached side with a gathering of magic, like offering a piece of meat to a dog. He even did his best to improvise a way for that magic to feel soul-like as best he could. It was a crude attempt, but that was supposed to be more a random experiment rather than a serious attempt at something.

Joshua was surprised when the thing latched on and the parts that were still attached to Katerea even seemed to relax a bit.

Quickly, before anything could happen, he went back to trying to extract the thing from the devil. He was honestly very surprised – baffled even – that things continued sort of calmly even then. Every bit of Ophis Snake that he separated from Katerea snapped off and latched onto the magic offering he'd made. Little by little… every bit of it came off.

And then the devil dropped to the ground like a sack of potatoes. She was alive though, and didn't even seem that hurt, soul-wise. Slightly traumatized, maybe, and "bruised" all over, yes, but alive and with an all but guaranteed recovery.

Joshua, meanwhile, looked at the pitch black snake-like gathering of pseudo-infinity that reminded him of his new wardstones slithering around inside a sphere of magic.

'That went both exactly as expected and nothing like I thought, somehow,' he mused to himself. 'How very interesting,' he thought, taking a deep breath in as he gave the Ophis Snake to Friday. She'd be able to keep the thing entertained with magic and she'd be able to contain it if it came to it. Not that it was difficult, really. Once on its own, the thing was surprisingly easy to handle, just like it had before.

And Khaos Brigade had kept the things inside barely enchanted vials.

'Let me know if anything happens, girl,' he told her in his mind, and he added Cheshire onto that for good measure. Both readily agreed, the former even seeming excited. She did like being helpful though, he supposed, so that wasn't surprising.

With that done, Joshua turned his attention to a gasping, twitching Katerea. The devil laid on the floor on the spot she'd previously been standing on. Her dark skin had paled and her eyes were unfocused. Her hands reached out, as if trying to grasp at something that wasn't there and her feet would kick out, as if starting to run from something but achieving nothing.

She didn't even seem aware of what was going on around her or the fact that Joshua was walking towards her.

So, in the spirit of not being an asshole and acknowledging the fact that she'd been fairly cooperative ever since she… Well, agreed to cooperate with him, he cast a few more spells. All of them reached for her, soothing the bruises on her soul. Considering he'd worked most of them to help Valerie with a torn existence, using them on Katerea might as well be the equivalent of spending a fortune on treatment for a scrapped knee.

Although, that comparison was kind of laughable considering how much damage the process had done to Katerea.

It did put into perspective how bad Valerie's situation was though, not that Joshua needed that.

"... Thank you," the devil mumbled after a bit of that, her spasming lessening and her breathing evening. She still seemed half out of it though, but he didn't blame her for that, at all.

"Don't mention it," he replied thoughtfully. Maybe he could be nicer to her, he supposed. Raynare had turned out pretty alright, all things considered. Katerae had also been fairly agreeable, so… Maybe that was worth considering, at the very least. 'I'll ask the others what they think,' he decided.

That seemed like a good spot to start with.


[}-o-{]
​

"She seems trustworthy enough," Yasaka commented as they walked through passages that didn't see many people. They were also very different from what he usually saw around her places, but that was to be expected. There were no warm colors nor wood walls and doors. There were only cold grey stone blocks and even colder metal bars. "But I don't know about giving her more. Might need to watch her more closely if you want to give her proper freedom and welcome her."

"That's fair," Joshua replied with a nod, running his fingers through his hair. "I'll have Cheshire follow her around," he commented. The cat would love that. She was no sadist like Nagini, but she would still be very happy to mess with someone. Two sides of the same coin, those two.

"Do that," Yasaka agreed easily, looking a little relieved. Did she think he'd let a former Khaos Brigade member do whatever she wanted with Kunou around? If that was the case, that would be a little insulting. Although, he guessed she might be a little wary that he might relax too much, what with Raynare and Kuroka. And to a lesser extent Georg and Kokabiel, he thought a moment later. "Please, do try not to seduce her."

He sighed.

"Are you surprised?" she asked then, seeming amused.

"I haven't seduced Raynare or Kuroka, have I?"

"Debatable," she answered and he sighed again. "I guess that's my fault for choosing so well," she added and he wasn't sure if that was the compliment that seemed to be. She didn't have to sound so genuinely sort fo annoyed about it, for one. "I guess I have to tell the others about this, mainly Serafall. She'll have an opinion on this."

"You think she'll be angry?" he asked, not all that worried. Having another opinion never hurt though and Joshua kind of liked to have as much information as he could before tackling a problem. That was something that he liked to apply to as many aspects of his life as possible.

"No, I don't think so. If anything, she'll be pleased. She might get Katerea to help her with some things," Yasaka answered and that was more or less what he figured. It made him feel like maybe he wasn't as much of a failure as a boyfriend as he feared sometimes. "You worry too much."

"Is how I am," he replied with a somewhat helpless smile and shrug.

"I have to wonder if you'll someday see what we see," she said and he tried not to express how doubtful he was. Because he couldn't ever see things like they did. He would have never been okay with any of them being with anyone else. Maybe that made him greedy, but if so, then he was greedy and he accepted it. "You think it's a bad thing, that you're greedy," Yasaka continued, as if she were reading his mind.

Joshua was kind of used to that kind of thing, he'd admit.

"We don't agree with that," Yasaka told him and he wondered if she was going to throw one of those DxD logicless logic moments at him again. As it turned out… "We like it, because it shows that you care. We do the opposite for the same reason, ironically enough." … Yes, yes she was.

"Sometimes, I wonder if I did die and I ended up in some weird version of the afterlife," he commented and he saw Yasaka twitch. Right, that was… not a great thing to say, taking into account the original Joshua and his choices. "Sorry, that was insensitive."

"I guess that's a sign that you're doing better in that regard, if you can forget and even make jokes like that," Yasaka replied, although it sounded like she was justifying things to herself. She did seem to feel a little better though, so he relaxed the smallest bit. "Now… here we are. And Kunou gets off her classes soon, so…"

"Go, or she'll be sad," Joshua told her with a half smile. "I'll try not to take too long. I promised her I'd set up the flying game for her and the girls," he added and Yasaka smiled warmly at him before kissing him and leaving.

"We'll be waiting," she called over her shoulder and he watched her go for a bit. Joshua was sure it wasn't his imagination that told him she was swaying her tails a bit too much and a big too… 'I hate being this busy,' he complained to himself before resigning himself to doing what he'd gone there to do. No rest for him, unfortunately. Nor any distractions, for that matter.

Cracking his neck, he walked some more and eventually stood in front of a familiar cell.

"Hey there," he greeted, running his fingers through his hair. "Been a bit, hasn't it?"

"Not nearly long enough," Grendel growled, although he sounded more annoyed than properly angry. "What do you want now, magician?" the dragon asked, shuffling where he laid inside the cell to a standing position. "Are you here for a rematch, finally?" he asked, although he sounded doubtful.

'He actually wants that rematch, huh?'

"Not yet, but I wouldn't be opposed to a fight if it makes you more cooperative," he answered and the dragon narrowed his eyes.

"Without trickery? A proper match?" Grendel asked and Joshua almost sighed. They had very clearly different views of what a proper match was.

"I'm a magician," he said, and that'd have to be a good enough answer. If it wasn't, then… Too bad. Grendel stared at him for a long moment before huffing.

"That'll have to do, I suppose," the dragon replied. "Do whatever you have to do, magician."

"So kind of you to allow me to," Joshua said, smiling.

As he started testing some things in regards to dragons – which was becoming an increasingly important matter –, he did ponder on that conversation. Because some fights against a dragon might be very useful. That could be good preparation for facing other dragons that Khaos might decide to drop on them.


[}-o-{]
​

"Hm… I don't like them," Kunou commented, sitting with her legs crossed beside him and Joshua gave her an amused look. "What? I don't," she added with more vehemence. She could be entirely too adorable sometimes.

"You don't have to like them," Joshua replied with a roll of his eyes. Then he picked up one of the infinity wardstones. "They are not even something you're supposed to see a lot of. They do their job and usually they do it out of sight. How many wardstones have you even seen without me casting momentary spells for a game?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.

"But I see those," Kunou pointed out like a smartass.

"I guess I'll use the normal wardstones if you don't like these ones that much," he replied with a shrug.

"I didn't say that," Kunou protested immediately. Joshua paused and turned to look at her. Then he raised an eyebrow. "I just… what difference would they make?"

"I mean… I think I could work out an array that uses a single wardstone," he answered. That was one of his more interesting ideas. Not something he was going to dedicate too much focus to, but he liked it all the same. "That'd be interesting and I wouldn't need as much space for arrays."

"That sounds neat," Kunou replied before her expression turned thoughtful. "How'd that work with the circles though?" she asked and he considered that for a long moment before picking up a notebook.

"Like this, or so the theory goes. This is the ground," he started, drawing a straight line at the bottom. "Then this is the wardstone," he added, drawing a circle over the line. "And these are the circles," he finished with, drawing a bunch of lines parallel to the "ground" from right beside that first line and then up, over the "wardstone" and then even on top of it.

"Ah… I think I get it," Kunou replied with a nod, looking rather interested in the drawing. "Do you think you could teach me that if you figure it out?" she asked, turning towards him with those big golden eyes that she used when she definitely wanted to get whatever it was she was asking.

"Of course," he answered, like he wasn't offering his daughter to use literal unique wardstones with the element of infinity imbued in them. And he fully knew that she'd use them for some game or maybe just for some illusion project of hers. "It'll be nice to have proper classes for ourselves again," he added and the smile his daughter gave him told him that she fully agreed. "For now…"

"Alright… I still have to finish my homework anyway," she muttered, deflating a little. He felt bad for that, but he was planning to spend more time with her later. He just had to do some tests with the infinity wardstones.

He was still working on just… being able to use those, really. It'd take a bit, but they were definitely going to change things once he fully figured them out. As it was, he had to approach it all like everything else, slowly and with lots of research and tests.

That very moment, he was taking a rather small but important step, making a draining ward with one of those as a base. Draining wards were more or less the foundation of all his arrays, they were the ones that powered everything else, after all, and it allowed him to not need to spend all his magic at once. Not that it was a problem those days, with his infinite reserves, but it was still useful. He could only handle so much output, even with his infinite reserves, after all, but he could push past that point with Draining Wards.

Basically the same he'd always done, but the starting point had gone way up.

The infinity wardstones promised to push the end point even more so, with potential… Well, infinity in the cards.

'First though, I have to make the spell work to the full potential of the wardstone,' he mused, taking a deep breath in and setting the focus on the ground. Then, with a snap of his fingers, the spell was cast. It was simple, anticlimactic even, but that was all that he needed to do. From there, it was a matter of watching. If the attempt was a failure, it'd be something that'd come up later, the more the spell drained energy. He'd spend more time preparing the measures in case that happened than actually preparing the circle for that experiment, really.

In the meantime, Joshua sat with Kunou, watching her work on her stuff while he kept an eye on his spell attempt. To the girl's credit, she didn't try to use his idle time to put her off own work. He had definitely expected that to happen, but he was pleasantly surprised that she hadn't.

"Did it work?"

"So far," he answered, tilting his head. "I don't think that one's right," he commented then, pointing at one of her answers. "Wasn't it the other guy that did that? What was his name?" he asked, snapping his fingers as he tried to remember the actual answer. He remembered helping her go through that text. It was a history bit about a deal between her mom – funny how that worked, that she was part of Kunou's history classes – and a minor pantheon. He was pretty sure she'd gotten the name of the leader of that time wrong though, which was-

"Oh, right," she mumbled, erasing the name and writing another.

"That's the one, yeah," he replied, leaning back. "Good thing you remember it, because I definitely wasn't going to," he added and Kunou let out a giggle that put a smile on his face. "Say, if you finish that before this test is over, we can go get ice cream," he offered and he could almost see her eyes turn into stars – or maybe ice cream – and he knew she'd succeed.

Although, difficult for her to fail, considering the test was going to be running for a few days.

She didn't need to know that though.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Joshua's more actively preparing for shit to hit the fan. It helps that he's gotten his hands on a bunch of very nice things. Although, the story is taking a certain shape and I don't want to assume because I know how my predictions usually go, but…

Eh, I'm sure it's nothing.

Still, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you have a favorite ice cream flavor? Mine is Dulce de Leche, which… I'm pretty sure is only found here in Argentina. I don't think there's even an English equivalent for the stuff, not one that actually fits, at least. I could be wrong.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Panicbox13 and 84 others
Adrian King
Jul 8, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 246 - -So, Don’t Get in My Way New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,648
-So, Don't Get in My Way

"Fascinating, I have to say," he mumbled, laying on a couch at home. Everyone was busy, so he was having a bit of a lazy morning, he'd admit. However, he was also using that time for something, and that was checking on the Ophis Snake that he'd taken from Katerea.

It had taken a bit to stabilize after the process… Or so he'd assumed, but that seemed to not be the case, on account of it staying pretty much the same after a few days had passed. The reason why he'd assumed as much was because he still had the unused one he'd taken from the Satan descendants and… It was very different from the one he'd taken from Katerea.

For one, that one was more of a very strange, unconventional potion, by the looks of it. However, the one he'd taken from the female devil? It looked like a caged animal, sort of. It slithered around inside the vial like he'd trapped an actual snake inside… one that could fly, but still. It was quite interesting, that was for sure. Made Joshua wonder what'd changed between the before and after use. Or if there were differences between the Snakes to begin with.

He doubted that though, considering Ophis had made them and at least he hadn't seen that kind of wild differentiation between the Infinity stones. Hell, he couldn't tell two of those apart if he tried. So, surely the Snake's would be the same… right?

Sadly, he only had the one unused one, so he couldn't quite find out what the answer to that was. He did have Shalba, who he could take another used Snake from and check. However, he wasn't quite confident he could try to do the same there. The guy was a lot more reluctant to agree to things than Katerea was, and intent mattered a lot in magic. Somewhere deep down, even if her soul was too busy struggling and wailing, Katerea had agreed to things, she had been willing even, far as he could tell.

He wasn't sure if things would go quite as well with an unwilling participant and he was a lot less willing to fuck around and find out when it was something that Ophis made that was involved. Joshua was – understandably, in his opinion – wary of that kind of thing. There was a non-zero chance that the Snake would just blow up and destroy literally everything. He'd rather that didn't happen.

Joshua was weird like that, he supposed.

There was Kokabiel too, he supposed. That one was a lot more of a viable choice and he'd probably go through with that. He was a fallen and the woman was a devil though. Joshua had to wonder if there'd be a difference because of that.

Either way, it'd be interesting to see what happened there.

'Should keep one willing and one unwilling subject of study though, maybe,' he thought idly. That was a valid point, yes, just like how he had one use and one unused Snake.

"What's the difference from now though?" he wondered to himself as he looked at the Snake moving around inside the vial. "If I use you or the other one… What would happen?" he asked himself idly.

Then Margalo peeked at him from the backrest of the couch he was lying on and chirped something.

"Talking to myself, girl," he replied, getting a few more chirps in response. "I think that's like, the least concerning part of my mind," he added and the bird considered that for a long moment.

"Daddy is crazy?" Morag asked, crawling on the back of the couch herself and resting on the backrest beside Margalo. "Does that mean we have to be crazy too?"

"No, Morag. It just means I'm crazy and that's that. You can continue to be sane," he answered idly. Although, he refrained from pointing out that many people would call her – and her siblings, with the possible exception of the non-familiar ones – crazy too. That was a rude opinion, after all, and he wasn't about to voice it at any of them.

And if anyone did say that to them, then Joshua reserved the right to experiment on them to improve his magic knowledge.

They'd deserve it and it'd be useful, probably.

"Oh, alright then," Morag replied, like she was disappointed she couldn't share madness with him. Joshua wasn't sure how to feel about that. "So, what are you going to do with that, Daddy?" the girl-spider asked afterwards, peering at the vial in his hand with eight very curious eyes. She looked quite adorable, if anyone asked him, but that was beside the point. "Reminds me of Friday when she tries to make a body," she added and he paused to look at the vial again. He guessed he could see the similarities between the two… sort of. Friday did sometimes make little wisps of color to "show herself", although it wasn't quite that often.

She did then and there though, making one that circled around the vial. The living spell had gotten curious when she heard her name being spoken, evidently, and had decided to drop by. She was easily influenced like that sometimes. It was a little adorable. She'd often jump into conversations like a puppy running into a room and barking and bouncing around to get attention.

"You're not wrong," Joshua conceded with a smile. "What do you think, Friday? Similar enough?" he asked and the living spell "examined" the little black snake closely as if trying to find what they were talking about in the little slice of infinity.

Which reminded him of how mindboggling that was as a concept, but it was still the best description he could use for them. The same went for the infinity wardstones, for that matter. It wasn't infinity, not really, but it was also not… finity. It didn't make any sense how it could be both and neither at the same time, but there it was.

'Makes about as much sense as anything related to Ophis can, I guess,' Joshau thought to himself. Then he was distracted when Friday gave him what he assumed was some flavor of "I don't see it". He even thought there was a bit of a metaphorical pout there, which was kind of interesting.

"Anyway, where are Cheshire and Nagini? You girls want to go and play a game or something? I'm having a lazy day in, I think, so…" he commented, and all three of them perked up. Friday more metaphorically speaking, but still.


[}-o-{]
​

"You've all gotten quite strong," Joshua commented, tilting his head as he looked at Sona's and Rias' peerages sparring against each other. He'd lost sight of them for the most part after the entire Young Devil Gathering thing was over. Hell, he hadn't even watched most of it, to be honest. He was way too busy for it, but he had watched Sona for the most part, since that made for good time spent with Serafall.

"You're exaggerating, but we appreciate it," Rias replied wryly, but he really wasn't. They weren't quite as strong as he remembered them getting in canon, but that had been with them being in life and death situations every month or so. Although, there was an argument to be made about them being just as strong, just differently developed.

At least in the little training sessions at his place, their development was more spread out rather than just focusing on their strongest points.

"And even if you're not, we do owe most of this to you," Sona pointed out and he didn't try to argue that. It was the truth and there was really no point. "We appreciate you taking the time to help us even though you're busy, by the way," the girl added and maybe he showed something on his face because she continued almost immediately after with: "My sister is always talking about how you barely have time for anything."

"Well, if it makes you feel any better, you're also helping me," he commented, running his fingers through his hair and with a sigh hidden somewhere in his voice. He smiled wryly when both girls raised an eyebrow at him. "These days, I have so much stuff to do that I feel bad if I take a break. So, you're giving me an excuse to do nothing for a bit."

Sure, most of the time he had good excuses in the form of his partners and Kunou, but… He could only do that so much. Especially because his partners felt bad if he spent all his free time on them. They'd told him as much. It also didn't help that he didn't have that many friends. Speaking of… Sairaorg was very busy himself those days, what with Zekram apparently preparing him to take the heir spot "flawlessly", whatever that might mean.

That sucked, since the guy was like, his closest friend.

Some would even say his only one.

"Well, you won't see me complaining," Rias replied, although she looked kind of amused. That is, before her expression softened. "By the way, I'm very grateful for how you've been taking care of Koneko."

"You don't have to. She earned her spot here," he told her, waving off her thanks with ease.

"How? By being cute?"

"Yes," he answered straightforwardly, drawing giggles from Rias and a snort from Sona. "She's also easy to like and she's good with Kunou… for the most part," he added with a smile, not even having to exaggerate. The girls didn't always get along, or appreciate each other, but Joshua saw them interacting almost every time they met and he knew they helped each other, pushed each other in the right directions.

"Still…" Rias pressed and Joshua almost wanted to sigh. He was getting used to people having that kind of attitude.

"If you want to help, just keep an eye on her. We love her, even if Kunou would be reluctant to admit it," he said. It was more that his daughter would never admit it. He knew it to be true though. None of them had quite said it out loud, least of all to each other, but Koneko was already part of the family. Same with Ravel, for that matter.

"We already do," she replied and he didn't have any doubts about that either. "But maybe we can be extra nice to her."

"Good," he told her with a smile that hopefully would stop her from going overboard. Because Koneko was too good to turn into a spoiled brat. That'd be a shame and a tragedy. "By the way, Jeanne is turning into a true teenager and barely tells me anything about school so-"

"She's doing well in her classes, far as I know," Sona said, and she was too quick about it. It made Joshua think that she was actually keeping tabs on his sister just in case. That was… good. Maybe a little extra, but that was the Sitri heiress, an overachiever if there ever was one. "She also seems to be doing well with her friend group. Especially since they have an easier time without the… questionable members of the student body that were around before."

"Issei and his friends?" he asked with a raised eyebrow, slightly amused. Did she feel like she had to beat around the bush because he'd taken the guy under his wing? He was mostly independent by then, especially since Joshua hardly ever made time for the cafe in Kuoh. If anything, Aika was closer to him than Issei. Although, the boy seemed to still look up to him a fair bit.

Joshua wasn't complaining.

It might sound… bad, but having the Red Dragon Emperor willing to answer calls and help out was fairly useful.

"Yes," Rias answered straightforwardly and he chuckled to let them know it was fine. "They seem to be much better behaved as of late," she added and he was glad to hear that. It'd been a while since he saw the other two, after all. Maybe Sona had really listened to him. Or maybe Jeanne had beat some sense into their thick skulls. Either way, that was reassuring, because it meant his sister was having a better time in school and that was always welcome.

"Well, with that said, are you two not going to join your peerages?" he asked with a raised eyebrow. "Maybe we can spice things up a little extra. Nagini's always eager for a fight, especially an interesting one. So are the rest of my familiars for that matter."

"No," Sona replied, maybe too quickly. "There's no need. We wouldn't want to take up their time when-"

"Don't worry about it," he interrupted, acting like he didn't see their slight panic. Maybe he was getting better at reading people too. Was that how his partners felt around him all the time? Because it was kind of amusing. "You'd be doing me a favor after all. They can get bored sometimes," he added.

And he knew he had them when he used the word "favor". Joshua was learning, after all, that it was a wonderful word in the world of DxD. Such a convenient piece of culture… Troublesome at times, for sure, but very useful at others, he'd admit.


[}-o-{]
​

It was a strange feeling, to have Set eagerly trying to channel himself through him.

Joshua stood there, feeling like there was another him inside his skin and pressing forward. His teeth itched as if trying to stretch into fangs and not managing. He felt like the hair on his body stood on end, a hint of fur that tried to poke out of his skin. There was also an intrusive urge coming not from himself that told him to just go.

Which was all sorts of annoying.

'Calm down, Set. Or I'm channeling literally anyone else,' he pressed back at the deity. Finally, he got some reprieve as Set pulled back the smallest bit. He was thankful for that, because it'd been getting a little much. Although… 'You might get your chance,' he added and he could almost see the canine grin on the god's face, which he was pretty sure was an image sent by the deity. After all, he had never actually seen Set, like he hadn't seen… any of the Egyptians other than Nephthys.

Funny how that worked.

Anyway, he did think Set might get a chance to do what he wanted. As for what he wanted, well… It was to fight Grendel. As it was though, that wasn't quite what Joshua was doing. He was doing nothing at all, really. The Evil Dragon was, in fact, fighting his familiars rather than him. It'd fit Grendel's wishes for a "fair fight" better anyway, and it'd give his familiars something to do.

And he had time to study the dragon in action, which was something he kind of needed.

If things went south, then Joshua would teleport everyone out of the way and let Set go in to kick the Evil Dragon's ass again. Both Grendel and the deity were eager for a rematch, as it turned out, which was kind of funny. Joshua himself wasn't opposed to that, but he was better off learning more on how to face the dragons spell-wise than just regularly fighting against them.

He'd won one fight of those already, but Khaos seemed to be going around collecting creatures. Joshua would need to face several of those when the time came, or so was the assumption he was going with. In theory, it was unlikely that he'd face them alone, but it was better to plan for the worst just in case. He had to use the information he had to see what the worst setting could be and assume that's what was going to happen.

If it turned out that things went better than expected, then good, and if not, then it'd be good to be prepared.

Which was another reason for why he was pitting his familiars against Grendel. Joshua also had plans to pit the rest of the oddball group of misfit ex-enemies he'd put together and throw them at the dragon too. Because they might find themselves facing something similar to Grendel too and without him to save their asses.

'I hate not knowing things,' he thought, not for the first time, even as he watched Cheshire claw at the back of one of Grendel's knees. 'What are you doing, Khaos?' he wondered, even as the dragon tried to bite Margalo out of the air. 'Where are you?' he hissed, even as his mind processed the information his spells were picking up.

He had no answers to a lot of the questions he had in his mind those days. And that was scaring and concerning him more and more with every passing day. Because with every second that passed, Khaos was preparing a hit that would potentially destroy everything he loved. He could do nothing but prepare for it and he hated it. They had hit two more factions after the Greek and the Slavic, all of them to raid some old site with the remains of a long dead dragon.

They were putting together an army, one tougher than random devils and fallen and other strays. They were putting together a force that would do a lot of damage wherever it was pointed. Furthermore, Joshua had nothing to work with, even with the added support such actions brought to the alliance he was part of. Every attack brought someone else to the table, even if nobody had joined the actual table after the Greek and the Norse.

They were getting more information, and factions were offering support.

Things were good…

But they still had no idea where they were or how to deal with them other than waiting for the next attack. Joshua hated that. Defense was his thing, yes, but he didn't know how to defend against whatever Khaos was planning. That was making everything worse and he'd freely admit it.

'They could have anything,' he thought to himself, feeling his face twitch in annoyance. 'Between Annihilation Maker and Sephiroth Graal, how the fuck do I cover for that? Friday and I can only do so much,' he thought, trying to find a hole in what Khaos was doing, some kind of weakness or clue that he might not have seen. Just like he was studying Grendel – not really getting much new information even, which didn't help –, he studied the situation and…

Came up with nothing.

'It was bad enough when it was just Annihilation Maker I had to deal with, but now…' he mused, pausing and blinking.

"Seekvaira," he called, startling the girl. "Look alive," he commented flatly and the girl looked at him with wide eyes. He raised an eyebrow at her and she blushed, but her eyes were still wide, darting between him and the spar of the dragon against his familiars. "Remind me to check my notes on Valerie later, alright?" he asked and she seemed confused, like he'd spoken in a language she couldn't understand. Which was impossible, since she was a devil. "Alright?" he repeated and she nodded quickly, pulling up a notepad and writing it down.

Maybe she'd been thinking about something else.

She was new.


[}-o-{]
​

"You're funny," Valerie commented with a giggle and he smiled at her. "It's just a funny cup though," she added. To that, he had to wonder how the rest of the world would react to hearing her call Sephiroth Graal a "just a funny cup", especially Heaven. It'd probably be a very funny moment, that was for sure.

At least, if they didn't know Valerie and her situation.

"I know, but it's a useful funny cup," he replied and the dhampir seemed to find that exceedingly amusing. As it was though, Joshua turned his attention momentarily towards the aforementioned Sacred Gear, which he was holding in his hand. As it turned out, he could grab a hold of it… even if he could do literally nothing by holding it. He could carry it around and whatever though.

The moment Valerie wanted it though, the thing would fly back at her or just outright disappear and appear by her side. The girl had plenty of fun when they found that out and Joshua would admit to humoring her in a game of pseudo-catch for a bit. Sadly, he didn't have as much free time as he'd have liked, but he made a note to play with her some other time. Maybe they could play actual catch whenever he did find some though.

"What can it do?" Valerie asked and he fought not to grimace. She should know. That was her Sacred Gear, after all. One that she'd used a whole lot. Yet there she was, with no idea what Sephiroth Graal supposedly did. "What can it do?" she repeated, with the same voice, as if she hadn't asked before and he felt his face twitch.

"Plenty of things, but most of them are really complicated," he answered, feeling old anger rise in him. Not that he needed an excuse to hate Khaos Brigade, but what they'd done to Valerie always hit harder, maybe because he had to face it so often and it was so jarring every single time. "Maybe we can find out together when you get better."

"When I get the other funny cup?" Valerie asked and he paused, blinking. "I can still feel that one. Do you think the bad man will return it?" she said then and he felt the blood in his veins freeze. 'She can feel it? What does that mean?' he wondered. Then he remembered something he'd heard once, from Ophis he was pretty sure.

Something about the cups calling each other? Was he remembering that right? He had tried to find some kind of connection to follow, but that had led nowhere. He had half given up on that route, really. 'Did she ever mention it? I did ask about it, right?' he wondered with a frown, trying to remember.

He'd have to check his notes, but…

"Can you feel anything in particular?" he asked, trying to keep his voice calm, casual. Valerie wouldn't understand urgency or anything. It'd probably just confuse her more, or worse, worry her.

"Sometimes it feels like someone pulls the cup away from me even though I don't have it. That's funny," she commented and he stared at her for a long moment. "What?" she asked then, noticing his look. Joshua, for his part, gulped. 'Calm down. Just… just ask questions.'

"Sorry, it's just… really interesting." Way to understate things, but that'd have to do. "Does it feel like they pull you in a particular direction?" he asked, holding back a reaction as best he could. Maybe because they were always watching, or maybe because of his emotions, but Joshua felt the Egyptians pressing against his mind, like a hundred people trying to peek through a window.

"Yeah, like… pulling," she answered, as if she didn't understand his question.

'This… why is this the first time I'm hearing this?' he wondered, going over every session he had with the girl, trying to find out a moment in which she might have said something like that. Or if he'd even asked something that'd lead to it. Surely he had, right? Surely he hadn't just been a massive fucking idiot or-

"Focus, Pharaoh," Isis told him, the voice of reason that she was.

"We hunt?" a bunch of voices asked almost at the same time, his familiars even mixing in through their own bond. Joshua tried to keep his thoughts straight as best he could… and he barely managed. Their eagerness was mixing with his own.

'Maybe,' he thought, a grin pulling at his lips.

"I'll need you to stick with me, Valerie," he said, placing his hands gently but excitedly on her shoulders. "We'll be playing and talking and just doing a lot of things," he all but promised and he saw her start beaming. "I just need you to tell me when you feel this pull, alright? Then I'll get you the cup from the bad man," he told her and he saw it more than sensed it, her soul pulling itself together right before his eyes.

Her half-vacant expression honed in on him.

"You promise?"

He stared right into her eyes firmly.

"I promise."

And right in front of him, Valerie Tepes appeared, maybe for the first time since he'd first seen her. Fully there, without her tattered soul affecting her at all. Joshua saw the girl she'd once been return for a single second… and he promised himself that he'd return her permanently.

"Good."

That single word, spoken softly and through a tiny, but no less real smile, punctuated the start of things.

He had a lead, finally.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

A bit of a "chill" chapter, but I feel like there's enough actual plot sprinkled in to make it "better" than the regular slice of life chapter. Maybe I'm wrong, but that's how I feel about this. So, I'll carry on and be content with it, since it's not something that happens often.

So, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter too.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: I think I've asked before, but do you have a pet? I don't, other than some isopods in terrariums. Maybe I'll get something else eventually, but things aren't quite as I'd like right now, so that's for the future, maybe.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, LettucePray and 100 others
Adrian King
Jul 14, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 247 - Laying Out the Wire, Light the Fire- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 21, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,653
Laying Out the Wire, Light the Fire-

"I'm making things very difficult for you, aren't I?" he asked, and he could see Agnes going to deny it. Unfortunately for her, he'd asked Ravel already before dropping by House of Water. Thus, he knew he was right. The devil – who was keeping an eye on Valerie a little off to the side – had told him, reluctantly, that yes, it was very inconvenient to have to adjust to his changes in schedule. "Don't deny it."

It wasn't like him to borderline order someone like that, Joshua would admit, but alas… He knew Agnes would try to argue if he let her. She was stubborn and felt indebted enough to him. Funny how that kind of thing worked against him sometimes. Not only with her, which was both frustrating and funny at the same time.

Joshua really did feel bad, but unfortunately… Well, his responsibilities to House of Water were kind of low in his list of priorities. He liked teaching and what not, but all that was kind of secondary in the face of everything else that was going on. Some plates he just couldn't juggle properly, so…

"If there's anything I can do to smooth things over, let me know," he told her and her expression twitched. He knew she owed him a lot, but still. He didn't feel like that was quite the case himself, so it was difficult to feel good just dropping unexpected problems on her lap. "Or if I can do anything to make up for the issues," he added.

"It's fine. Your Stars will surely be able to give your classes in your stead in the meantime," Agnes waved off easily and he wondered how to approach things if she denied him more. "You want to do something for me, Joshua?" she asked and he felt his eyebrows shoot up. That was certainly something that he hadn't expected from her. "Focus on whatever is pulling you away now. Deal with Khaos Brigade. Then you won't have an excuse and I'll be able to take full advantage of your link with my association, right?"

'Huh… maybe she's smarter than I thought,' Joshua thought, which was very much a compliment. He already thought she was plenty intelligent, after all. However, maybe she'd found a way to work with him without the cultural difference impacting their interactions. Which was impressive, considering Joshua himself often struggled with that himself.

"... I can do that," he replied and the woman smiled at him like she'd won some kind of battle. Maybe she really thought so. Did she think that he was always out there trying to find ways to screw with her? Joshua guessed he could kind of see why she'd feel like that, but it was still a little awkward… and amusing, admittedly.

"Then do it," she told him with a nod. "I'll organize with your Stars. Tell you what, I'll even talk to the valkyries, if you want, but no promises on that front," Agnes added and he grinned. That was one thing he didn't need from her.

"Don't bother. I'll talk with the Norse myself," he replied. Although, it was more that his partners would talk with the Norse, but details. Considering those were already allies and he was working on his part of the deal with them… He was sure they'd give him the time to work on something to deal with Khaos Brigade.

Besides, the terrorist group was a lot easier to use to smooth things over with how they were causing trouble all over the world. It was funny, but them being so active was helping Joshua have more time to work against them. Not that he felt like it was a good thing, but there were certainly some convenient parts to the whole mess.

"If you say so…" Agnes said hesitantly, very much looking like she wanted to press the issue. Alas, maybe she decided to quit while she was ahead – at least in her opinion – or something, because she straightened and let the matter go. "Then, I guess I have a few calls to make. If there's nothing else…" she commented, trailing off and he smiled at her.

"Again, sorry. But no, nothing else. I'll let you deal with things. If you need me…" he said, giving her a silent offer in much the same way she'd used for her question.

"I'll call," she said with a nod. There wasn't much said after that, just a few quick words and then Joshua moved back to Ravel and Valerie. His mind stayed in that conversation for a bit though. He was giving up a lot of things to dedicate himself to preparing himself and trying to hunt Khaos Brigade.

It was frustrating, and worrying, but all the same, that was how things were. Joshua just had to deal with it. One day, he'd be free of them, he knew. He just had to keep solving problems, one after the other. Eventually, he'd get where he wanted to be.

Or, that was the hope, because otherwise…

"Did I miss anything?" he asked Ravel, pushing unnecessary thoughts aside. It was easier said than done, but like with a lot of things those days, Joshua would just have to keep going anyway. "You having fun?" he asked, making an effort not to laugh as the dhampir poked the Ravel's cheek with a smile on her face.

The devil, in turn, visibly tried to contain a reaction, but Joshua saw her eyebrow twitching.

"Lots," Valerie replied cheerfully.

"Did your talk go well, sir?" Ravel asked in turn.

'Huh, that's new. She calls me sir when she's annoyed too, huh?' he noted to himself. That was a little amusing and a little cute. Alas, he had a feeling he couldn't point that out without getting a fireball to the face. Well, he could, but that'd have been mean. Maybe he'd use that at some other point.

"Yeah," he answered, taking a deep breath in. Entertaining as the sight before him was… he did have things to do. That was the whole point of the meeting, really. "Let's go back home, yeah?" he asked and then he smiled when Valerie let out a fairly adorable cheer.


[}-o-{]
​

With time in his hands and nobody at home, he'd gone to his study.

Ravel had been all for that, which wasn't strange or anything. There was a part that was amusing though and that was that she'd argued in favor of her having a small desk for herself, much like she did in his classes at House of Water. He hadn't seen the point in going over that, but Joshua definitely found it curious, if nothing else. He had offered her to just share a desk, since his was plenty big enough for them both to use it one on each side.

Alas, the girl hadn't found that arrangement good enough.

'Hmm, how do I go about this…?' he wondered to himself, leaning back on his chair and looking at his notes and the pile of books to his side. Then his eyes slid to the side towards the Ophis Snake that he had in vials on the other end of the table. The infinity wardstones he'd put beside them called for some attention too.

Joshua had decided to put visual representations of stuff that he had to keep in mind. There were too many of them, after all. He'd gotten the idea when he'd considered how Ravel – and later Iryuka and Seekvaira – was helping him keep track of all the things he needed to do. Which, funnily enough, weren't many those days, since he'd kind of scrapped a lot of them from his schedule to open up time to work on Khaos Brigade things.

He might have them organizing his time in that regard too though, since there were a lot of those too.

Absently, he waved his hand and made an illusion of Ophis. After that, he started adding new illusions, one next to the other in front of him. Grendel, a shining halo for Heaven, bat wings for the devils, black wings for Grigori and so on. There were many things. It left his desk looking a little cluttered, but at least it helped him keep things in mind.

'Valerie is the most important one right now,' he mused, looking at the girl who was doodling in her own mini-desk set up next to Ravel's. She'd wanted one rather than using the couch on the side of the room and she also ignored the snacks and drinks he'd brought too. Instead, she'd wanted to "work like them" too, which was… adorable. 'Even if she does get a feeling though… that's not going to be enough…'

Having one direction to find Khaos would be good, yes, but it wouldn't be enough. For one, the terrorists could be anywhere in that "line" all the way across the world or right next to them or anywhere in between. Hell, he wasn't sure if Valerie could point him anywhere if the pull happened to come from some other plane, like the Underworld.

For another, Khaos Brigade could very well move somewhere else after the pull. They were appearing all over the world, after all. The chances of Joshua catching them were very low as they were. They were made worse by the aforementioned issue, however. Because if he had to search for them in that "line"... Well, that was more time they could use to get away, knowingly or not.

'I need something more to fix either of those issues. Preferably both,' Joshua thought, running his fingers through his hair. The problem was how. Because he'd been looking for ways to find Khaos Brigade for quite a while by then and nothing had come up. Sadly, Valerie's newly discovered "method" had been more luck than anything, which meant that he wasn't any closer to finding a way to do that.

He didn't have any clues to go off of, not even with all the knowledge and resources at his disposal. He had pieces of infinity within hand, like the wardstones or the snakes and Joshua still had no way of getting what he wanted. Ironic, in a way, he supposed. Mainly, Joshua just thought it was annoying.

'What to do, what to do…?' he wondered to himself. There were probably a thousand things that he could be working on, but they were all minor things. Little adjustments according to new data, but that wasn't going to help him with his current problems. 'I'm so close, come on,' he urged himself, knowing that it wasn't going to help.

He couldn't help it. Khaos Brigade was more dangerous than ever, but they were also almost done. Joshua could almost taste the victory. If he could just hunt down what was left of the terrorists… It was one big battle, at most two. Then he'd be safe, his family would be safe and things would finally become peaceful.

'Almost want to take one of these…' Joshua mused idly, glancing at the Ophis Snakes once more. The more lively one, the one he'd taken from Katerea, caught his eye the most, expectedly. 'Would it change anything? Would it help? I already got a bit of infinity. What would happen if I took one of these? Both?' he wondered, and those were borderline suicidal thoughts, he knew.

And yet…

The snake seemed to almost be calling him. It wiggled inside the vial like it was trying to reach for him, for anyone really. It reached for him, for Ravel, for Valerie even. If there was anyone close by, it'd wiggling against the glass like…

'Against the glass…' he thought, blinking as an image popped in his mind. Then he straightened in his seat and he saw Ravel look up. He didn't look at her though. His eyes were locked on the vial. 'I knew it looked familiar…'

Didn't the Spartos look like that, kind of? When it shifted against its prison, he'd thought it looked purposeful, but he hadn't been able to prove much. But the Ophis Snake reminded him of it… Except, the Spartoi hadn't tried to move towards him, or Athena, or anyone. It just pressed against the cage's barrier…

'What if it was purposeful?' Joshua asked himself.

"Ravel," he called and he was only vaguely aware of the "Yes?" that she answered with. "I need to go check on the Spartoi again. How soon can you make that happen?"

"You have a scheduled visit tomorrow, Mr. Davis," she informed him and he blinked. He had a question about making it that very day at the tip of his tongue. Then he paused though, because… The very next day was pretty quick and it might not be worth the hassle. Besides…

"Right… That's perfect," he muttered, leaning back on his chair and taking a deep breath in. "Thank you," he added absently, staring at the Ophis Snake once more. "Gives me time to tinker," he added, mostly to himself, suddenly filled with determination.


[}-o-{]
​

"You seem… eager," Athena commented, but Joshua was already working. He'd cast a bunch of spells as soon as he could. Which was probably very rude, but he'd gotten a greeting out beforehand. He thought that was a massive show of restraint on his part, really. "Any reason for that?"

"I have a theory," he answered, pausing to take in the feedback he was getting from his spells. Well, some of it aligned with what he predicted. Some of it didn't. He mentally went over the spells he had in mind for the second step of the process. He approved some of them and scrapped others. He'd need to replace them, tinker them on the spot. He could do that though, easi-

"What theory?" Athena asked and he felt his eye twitch.

Someone behind him cleared their throats. Not Ravel, he pretty much knew hers by heart. It was one of the other goddesses then. Gabriel was probably having fun, after all. She'd tagged along for a bit before having to go do her own thing. He wasn't sure why. She'd only said she "wanted to keep an eye on him" for some reason that she hadn't felt like sharing with him.

"I think the Spartos is still connected to the other Spartoi," he answered, taking a deep breath in and focusing back on his work. "The way it presses against the barrier. I think it's trying to reach for them."

'Maybe it's not as soul oriented as I thought? That'd be a first,' he considered, tilting his head. 'Magic then?' he wondered, casting the new arrays of spells. He went slower that time, since he had to craft them on the spot. Although, it was a little balanced out by the fact that non-soul spells were ridiculously easier than soul spells, especially since he'd already worked out the equivalen-

"We considered that already," Athena pointed out and he held back a sigh… or maybe it was a groan. "It's not reaching in a particular direction."

"It doesn't seem to be," he corrected, still staring towards the Spartos as he worked. "I'm revisiting the idea, if you will," he told the goddess, nodding as he finished another set of spells. 'I think I might be onto something,' he thought to himself. There was some kind of correlation between the soul and the magic and the shifting. He needed more information, but Joshua was starting to think that it might actually be purposeful.

"Why?" Athena asked and that time he definitely let out a sound that was somewhere between a sigh and a groan.

Which prompted a sigh from Gabriel, but he didn't care.

"Something inspired me, you could say," he answered. Then it occurred to him to check the Spartos' body. After all, if magic was more relevant than he thought, surely the physical side could be too, right? So, that's what he started working on. He had some other arrays for the next phase, but there were already a bunch of changes he'd have to make, so…

"Inspired by what?"

"Can I finish doing what I'm doing?" he asked Athena, turning to give her a flat look. He wasn't even sure why she looked that scandalized, really. She was the one that had been going crazy to have him work on the Spartos issue. Why was she asking so many questions when he was doing what she wanted? "I'm trying to work here," he added before turning to look at the cage where the Spartos was.

"She's kind of rude," Valerie commented and when had she approached them? "Is she a bad woman?"

"Excuse you?"

"No, Valerie," Joshua answered, bringing a hand up to massage the bridge of his nose. "She's just too curious for her own good. Also, shouldn't you be with Ravel?"

"She's boring though." He couldn't see her, but he knew Ravel was either glaring or pouting or both. "What are you doing?"

"Casting spells," he answered, a weary smile on his face as he went back to work. Because he really needed to get things done.

"You're always doing that," Valerie pointed out and he closed his eyes for a moment.

"Child," a new voice called softly. Surprisingly, it wasn't Gabriel. "Maybe you can talk with us while Davis works."

"Huh?" Valerie seemed distinctly confused and Joshua followed her look. 'What was she called? Thebis?' he wondered with a tilt of his head. "Who are you?" the girl asked and she was being blunt enough that even Joshua knew the goddesses wouldn't react well to it. Or so he assumed.

"I'm Themis," the goddess answered softly, a warm smile on her face. Then she pushed a lock of brown hair behind her ear. "And I'd like to talk with you."

"Really? Why?"

"Because… you seem like a nice girl," Themis answered plainly. Her expression said something very different though. It made Joshua think that he looked similar whenever he sensed Valerie's soul. There was that pity and hurt and sadness.

"Thanks!" Valerie replied with a beaming smile. "You seem like a nice woman. Not like the other one," the dhampir commented.

"Why, thank you. That's very kind of you," Themis commented, glancing towards where Athena was.

"Davis?" a voice called and he turned to see Hecate beside him. "Did you account for the shifting in those scans?"

"That's what I'll work on after I'm done setting up the basic stuff," he answered, turning back to his spells. Then he remembered that it was the goddess of magic that he was talking to. "Any suggestions?"

"But you won't ask me?" Nephthys asked, together with a bunch of other deities at the back of his mind.

'Oh, now you're talkative, huh?'


[}-o-{]
​

"I wasn't flirting with Hecate!" he protested.

Because he had never heard such blatant lies and slander.

"You kind of were." And by Gabriel of all people. To think he'd be betrayed by an angel. What had the world come to when that was something that could happen? Nothing was sacred anymore and Joshua found that deeply sad. "So much talking and flirting."

"I was just discussing spells!"

"Discussing spells," Serafall gasped exaggeratedly. "In front of Valerie and Ravel? Josh! You can't be that degenerate in front of children. And to another woman to boot!"

"We're clearly not enough for him," Yasaka commented calmly as she brought her cup of tea to her lips. "So greedy."

"... I hate you all," Joshua muttered through his teeth. "So much."

"Love you too, magic brain," Serafall commented, her act falling apart immediately. He still glared at her for a little longer though. He thought it was entirely justified for him to do so. "Never change," she added, moving closer to him and pecking his cheek. "So, did you find out anything? You seemed excited yesterday."

"I think I'm onto something, yes," he mumbled, picking up his own cup of tea and taking a sip. "Athena still has her doubts, but I definitely think I could be right, which… I really hope I am. I do think the Spartos is trying to reach for the others. It's a bit messy though, since it's… everything is so chaotic and I assume the same goes for the others. There's also the fact that Khaos is probably hopping from place to place, so it's difficult to narrow it down."

"So, what's the plan now?" Yasaka asked, which was the question, wasn't it?

"More waiting, but now with a plan, sort of," he answered bitterly. There was nothing more frustrating than that, after all. "I hate to say it, but the best I have right now is to wait until Khaos uses their Sephiroth Graal." And he truly did hate it. "I assume that's what triggers the pulls from Valerie. So, I'll keep her around the Spartos as much as possible and the pull she feels and the reaching of the Spartos go both the same way…"

"Then you can confirm both things at the same time," Yasaka finished with a nod. "Sounds like a good plan. Less than ideal, but it's better than having nothing."

"Tell me about it," Joshua mumbled, running his fingers through his hair. "In the meantime… I guess I can work on everything and anything," he added wearily. There really were entirely too many things. He would have to improve the scans around the Spartos. He would have to continue working on measures against Annihilation Maker and the Sephiroth Graal creations. He would need to continue improving on the Silence Rooms for Ophis.

And those were only the most important projects.

"Is this a bad time to say that my brothers think they have time for another meeting the day after tomorrow?" Gabriel asked, already very much aware that yes, it was a bad time for those news. Then again, there would never have been a good moment for such. Joshua felt tired just hearing about it.

"Ravel-" he called, but the girl was already writing it down. "Thanks," he added and the girl smiled at him. "Well, there's that then, I guess."

"What about Val-tan?" Serafall asked and he took a deep breath in. For once though, he didn't feel bad. All in all, things had gone well in that regard.

"Well, Athena doesn't like her much," he answered dryly, getting some raised eyebrows and a giggle from Gabriel. "But Themis definitely does. She's taken Valerie under her wing for whatever reason. Which is good, because she's even offered to keep an eye on her while she stays in Greece. Doesn't mean I won't try to spend as much time as I can there too though."

"Gabriel, Serafall?" Yasaka asked, leaving it at that like the others could fill in the blanks with just that. Surprisingly – or maybe not –, they could. Joshua would never be able to comprehend how their minds worked, he knew. Which was kind of fair, since he was pretty sure they would never do so with his either.

Kind of sad too though, in a way.

"I haven't talked to Themis or about Themis in particular, sorry," Serafall answered with a shrug.

"She's a goddess of justice and laws," Gabriel offered, getting a quiet "ah" from the devil, like that made her own statement make sense. Joshua supposed it did, which he found funny. "She probably finds it disturbing, the state Valerie is in. It's unnatural in ways that probably ripple through her domains. And the injustice of it, it likely tugs at her heartstrings."

'Huh, Themis hadn't seemed like that kind of person…' Joshua mused. When he'd talked to her, she'd seemed… Stiff, strict, no-nonsense. But with Valerie, she had looked more like Yasaka, in a way, or Gabriel. All the rough edges had smoothed and softened even.

It was why he'd felt comfortable leaving Valerie to her.

"Hm, good," Yasaka replied with a nod. "Then, what's in your mind now?" she added towards him and he shrugged.

"Nemesis gave me some nice ideas for how to fight Annihilation Maker and the Sephiroth Graal chaotic creations. I kinda wanna go over them while they are still fresh in my mind," he answered, a slightly vindictive smile tugging at his lips. That particular goddess would be fun to talk to, if only because it'd give him a lot of options whenever he finally got his hands on Khaos Brigade.

"The fact that you're not trying is what makes it worse," Serafall commented and he blinked, confused.

And why were Gabriel and Yasaka nodding?


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Is it just me or are we having chapters with actual progress without stopping lately? I don't wanna jinx it, but that's the impression that I'm getting. Feels weird, not gonna lie, and that's without mentioning… Well, that might be a spoiler.

Moving on, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What's your favorite vowel? Mine is E, unless we're doing the weirdo thing and counting W and Y, which I don't. But if that's the case, then mine would be Y.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Scoca2002 and 88 others
Adrian King
Jul 21, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 248 - -Now We’re Waiting Till It Blows- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Jul 28, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,660
-Now We're Waiting Till It Blows-

'Provided I do find them, I need a way to reach them before they can disappear,' Joshua thought, tapping a pencil against a page with the most basic teleporting circle. Nothing like the ones he used those days, which were a little slower, but didn't have the slow appearance from top to to bottom – or the other way around – that the normal ones did. His circles also had better energy efficiency and were powered by surrounding arrays, but that was beside the point.

He also had his battle teleportation circles, which were instantaneous, but only worked at close distances. Long distances of those would require more power than he could afford to give, even by the standard of his arrays. He couldn't pour his infinite magic all at once in spells that expensive energy-wise.

And he wasn't about to go face Khaos Brigade on his own either, so it was a worthless point all the same.

Furthermore, he needed to get to a location where he wouldn't even have time to prepare a teleport to. That meant that he needed to go somewhere in a moment's notice and in an instant, with a group right there with him. That sounded like… a complicated matter to decide. Joshua was no stranger to those though.

If anything, it was kind of refreshing to have a clear goal and no weirdness in the middle. There was no strange, still half-unknown soul stuff. There were no unfathomable elements. There was no random ass nature to decipher. It was just magic and a spell that needed to do something specific. It was hard, but it was simple, and Joshua would take that.

That was much better than hard and complicated, if anyone asked him.

"That's not going to be easy, you know?" Hecate commented and he nodded. She wasn't wrong. "The spell is in balance, and your modifications are too. What you want to do is unbalanced. You want a spell that does everything for a pittance of magic power," she summarized and he acknowledged that point. "That's just not possible."

"Means I have to find a point where I can compromise," Joshua replied, running his fingers through his hair. "And I also need a way to set the coordinates quickly."

"Do you want it to give you some tea while you're at it?" Hecate asked and he sighed. It was fair of her to say that, he supposed, but it didn't make it any less frustrating. "You have a growing alliance. Surely there'll be someone that can respond if you point them at a location in their territory, right?"

"Yes," Joshua answered honestly. However, in the spirit of honesty though… "And I trust that they'll try, but I don't trust that they'll succeed. And even if they do, I don't trust that they can keep Khaos trapped until I get there. No, I have to be the one to catch them."

Because so far, Annihilation Maker had been able to make creatures to bypass any defense and barrier. So, Joshua and Friday were probably the only two with a chance of stopping them, at least long enough to try and do some damage, if not outright defeat them. Until they took out that shitty Sacred Gear cheat from the board, there was nothing else they could do.

He didn't think there was a way to stop them otherwise, except maybe… Project WWW, but he wasn't about to pull that when things were kind of looking up. The smallest setback and Joshua might just go for it, no matter how much of a mess it'd create. He'd deal with any kind of mess if it meant Khaos was no longer around to be a thorn in his side.

"That sounds kind of arrogant. You know that, right?" Athena asked him from where she was standing, off to the side and staring at her Spartos, like she did most of the time she spent there. "Are you that confident or letting your hatred get the better of you?"

"If you can think anyone else could hold them down long enough, let me know. Name one of them, even," Joshua replied, eyes on his notebook still. He knew the answer was none. He'd even checked, researched it. Had been part of his preparation for the measures to counter Annihilation Maker even. Nobody had anything even remotely flexible and adaptable enough to do the job.

"I wasn't admonishing you," Athena told him and he paused to blink at that. "Just making an observation," she added and he turned to see her watching him rather intently.

"For the record, it's actually both. I'm that confident, but I also hate them that much," he said with a slight half-smile. With that though, he turned his attention back to what he was doing, because he kind of needed to get that done and the sooner the better. The last thing he wanted was to get confirmation and a location only to not have a way to get there in time.

Even if it turned out his theories on how to find Khaos Brigade were wrong, the work on that particular project wouldn't be a waste.

'There's got to be a way to make this work,' he thought, going over every aspect of the spell he needed to craft. There had to be a way to adjust things so that it'd work the way he wanted. Unfortunately though, the more he looked at it, the more it became evident that nothing was going to suddenly change.

The spell he needed simply could not be powered by him nor his arrays. It was too much magic all at once. His spells couldn't deliver that in one go and he'd burn himself to death if he tried with his current magic output. Even if he managed not to do that, he'd definitely not be in any condition to get into a fight or do anything at all afterwards.

"The good thing is that if you somehow manage to pull it off, then you can power as many as you want, probably. So, that's two problems that can be solved at once," Hecate commented, looking about as focused as he was and he nodded. Then he paused.

"If I power one, I power all of them," he commented, speaking every word like he was savoring them, testing them. "If I power one, I power all," he sort of repeated. Then, slowly, he drew a circle on the blank side of the notebook. "If I power one," he started once more, drawing a smaller circle on one side of the previous one, overlapping a little. "I power all of them," he finished, drawing a bunch of other circles all around the first one.

"Am I missing something?" Athena asked and Joshua chuckled lowly before grinning widely. "Davis," the goddess urged impatiently.

"I think I got it," he replied, more laughter bubbling at the back of his throat. "Instead of making one super spell, I'll make a super array. Handle every bit of the spell separately, to divide the power need. Then make arrays to power each part. It's big and messy-"

"But it'd get the job done," Hecate finished, eyes narrowed. "Butchering a spell into parts like that isn't going to be easy," she pointed out. "This isn't an array with different spells working together for the same end result. You'r making an array for the job of a single spell. That's like the difference between putting together a team of people and making one single creation from different parts, like your own Talos."

"Or Frankenstein's monster, more accurately," Joshua commented, but he was still grinning. "I'll make it work. I just need to find a way to get the coordinates…" he started before trailing off. "Actually, I don't."

"You're gonna leave the destination part of the array empty and then make it when you have it, aren't you?" Hecate asked, like she was reading his mind. Maybe the thing about being a goddess of magic wasn't just because she had a lot of it or-

"You'll still need ridiculous amounts of power," Nephthys pointed out, because apparently the Egyptians were silent unless some other pantheon or god started showing them up. Petty, but if it helped him, Joshua supposed it didn't matter. "You need to get those wardstones working better and faster," she commented and the way Hecate's eyes narrowed, she probably was hearing the Egyptian goddess too.

"Well…" he started, leaning back and smiling so widely that his cheeks hurt a bit. In his defense, it'd been a while since things had just… worked for him. It felt like forever ago since he had stopped struggling and crawling through a project. "You two mind helping me out here?" he asked and he could feel Nephthys determination at the same time that he saw the same emotion appear on Hechate's face.

He liked spellcrafting, but he'd admit that it was nice to have some help for once.


[}-o-{]
​

"You've slowed down."

Those were horrible, terrifying words to hear coming from Ophis.

Immediately, he stiffened and straightened where he sat. He felt a chill run down his spine and the blood leaving his face. In seconds, Joshua was already struggling not to break down entirely.

He thought he had been progressing enough. Yes, he wasn't making as much progress as before with the Silence Rooms, but that wasn't because he was working less on them. The time always remained the same. It was just that the more he progressed, the more difficulty it became to come up with new things to add or improve on.

"I'm sorry," Joshua managed to say, surprised that he didn't choke on those words. "I've been struggling with it lately, but I'm trying to make more time for it," he added, hoping against hope that she wouldn't ask what he was trying to do. Because he didn't know what she'd do if they actually talked about the elephant in the room, which was his war against Khaos Brigade. She had said that she was leaving them to it, but then again, he hadn't really tried to talk about it much.

He didn't know what she'd do if push came to shove, and he preferred not to find out.

"Hm, I see," she mumbled as she reached for the tea he'd prepared for her. With any luck, that meant that she wasn't about to vaporize him. He didn't dare to hope that much though. "How long do you think it'll be before you can give it more time?" the dragon asked and he breathed a little easier. That meant there was a chance for him to survive and fix things. That was good.

"I don't know, but-" he started, going quickly before she could get upset. "-I don't think it'll be too long," he declared. Because, one way or another, things were going to go down soon. Khaos wasn't going to keep gathering creatures forever. Those were going to be used. And even if they did, Joshua was going to catch them eventually if they tried to stay hidden for too long.

"How much is not too long?" Ophis asked and that was kind of a question that he hadn't wanted her to voice.

"At most… about two months," he answered, giving himself a little breathing room. That was, more or less, what he expected to need for his own projects. At least, to perfect them. Chances were that they'd be working before then. Although, to be fair, there were also chances that he'd hit unexpected roadblocks that'd slow him down. "I'm sorry if that's too long."

Ophis didn't say anything after that, simply drinking her tea and picking up a pastry. The silence stretched and Joshua could do nothing but try to get a read on Ophis. Which he knew was pointless, since she was always expressionless and he could see nothing about her with his spells.

He actually had to actively have most of his spells work around Ophis. She always broke them just by existing otherwise. Not to say that he wasn't trying to get a read on her, but that was done with specific, disposable spells rather than main ones.

"That is acceptable," the dragon said, nodding as if she were making a magnanimous decision. Joshua wasn't sure he agreed, but he was happy with the decision all the same. "These are good, by the way," she added and he nodded. "I saw what you ate last night," she added and he blinked.

'Well, that's not creepy and scary at all,' he thought to himself. He was hardly surprised though. She had shown already that she could see… pretty much anything, or so he assumed, all things considered. It was another thing entirely to know that it happened. Alas, he wasn't in a position to complain to the literally infinitely strong dragon, he supposed.

She'd only spied on a meal though, apparently.

Or, at least, he hoped that was all.

"Could I try that?" Ophis asked and he paused, more processing the question rather than considering it. In hindsight, he should have seen that coming. He totally should have. And yet, it would always be strange to him that he was basically giving Ophis mini-bribes in the shape of… normal snacks.

"Sure, I'll have some ready for next time."

"Can it be fresh?" Ophis asked and he blinked. The meals he gave her were always fresh. He had them in stasis with spells that were about as overkill as it'd be to use nuclear weapons to get rid of a rat in the house. "They are fine as is, but the magic changes the food," she said and he felt a shiver run down his spine once more.

He'd assumed that was fine. He'd tested things and they tasted the same with or without the stasis. She could tell something from that? Hell, he'd made sure to drain any foreign magic from the food before presenting it to her with spells. There shouldn't be any difference between those and freshly cooked things and yet…

"I can bring fresh things," he said slowly, picking his words carefully. "It takes time to prepare them. That's why I had them ready and preserved in magic. If you want them fresh, you might have to wait a bit. Or you could let me know when you'll come out and I'll get started ahead of time," he explained, trying to be as thorough as he could. Ophis didn't seem like the kind of unreasonable that wouldn't like hearing that, but…

Well, Joshua had accepted that he would never not be terrified of the dragon.

"... Alright," she mumbled after a moment of silence and taking a sip from her tea. "I'll let you know then."

"Alright," he parroted, feeling himself relax the smallest bit. "Well, if there's anything else you want to try, let me know," he added and the dragon nodded. Then she went back to snacking and drinking tea.

And Joshua, for his part, wondered what the fuck they'd eaten the previous night.


[}-o-{]
​

Idly, Joshua contemplated the Spartos.

Beside him, Athena did much the same. Although, he was pretty sure that they were doing different things. For his part, Joshua was just analyzing what else he could do to better scan the creature in order to find out where Khaos was, or even if his current working theory was correct in that regard. On the other, he was pretty sure the goddess was just… kind of lamenting what had become of her creation.

Or something along those lines.

He wasn't sure why, but Joshua knew that she found the state of the Spartoi to be deeply unpleasant, insulting and probably worse things. Ultimately, it worked in his favor, because it motivated her and probably was the reason why she'd called for the other goddesses. She might even have pushed for the Greek to join their alliance.

Not that he was happy that had happened, but there was no denying that it was convenient and helpful to his cause.

"When you get your hands on Khaos Brigade. You'll call for reinforcement, right?" Athena commented and it was a good thing that he had been thinking about her rather than something else. It meant that he didn't have to shift the gears in his mind like he usually did. "Would it be too much to ask that you do? That you call us?"

"I hate them, I really do," Joshua replied with a slight smile on his face. "That means that I have no issue dropping the entire world and the full consequences of their actions on them," he said as an answer. He was glancing her way, which was how he saw Athena's lips pull into a vindictive smile.

"Piece of advice, don't say stuff like that around Nemesis," the goddess told him, which he wasn't sure the reason for. Nemesis was a goddess of revenge, after all. Surely she'd appreciate the way he felt in regards to Khaos, right? Maybe he was missing something. "Or Themis, for that matter," Athena added.

"Speaking of, Seekvaira," Joshua called, making the devil – who was, like usual, trying to make herself inconspicuous – stand straighter. "Make a note to do something nice for Themis when this is all over." The woman was basically a metaphorical angel, far as he was concerned. She was so good to Valerie and Joshua still didn't know why, but God if he wasn't happy with her for it.

"Will do, Mr. Davis," Seekvaira replied instantly.

"It's rather amusing," Athena said then and he was about to ask what was amusing. However, she beat him to it before he could open his mouth. "At least, looking from outside. I imagine it's very frustrating otherwise."

"I think you lost me," Joshua admitted and that only made the goddess smile.

"I know. That's what I'm talking about," she replied and he wasn't sure what to say or even think about that. "However, I think I've wasted your time enough," she added and he nodded slowly. "I believe you were thinking about something before I opened my mouth and distracted you?"

"Not much distracting to do," he said wearily. "I'm trying to come up with new ways to approach this, but I've more or less done everything I could. Trying to think if I've missed something is always frustrating. Talking and going over other things is more or less what I need to be able to get some new ideas, to be honest," he explained then, running his fingers through his hair as he considered the situation. Alas, he was as out of new ideas as he'd been before their conversation.

"I see," Athena said slowly. "I can understand that," she added after a moment with a nod. "Anything in particular that'd help to talk about?" she asked and for some reason, he found that deeply amusing. Like she was trying to accommodate a strange way of thought, which for once Joshua was pretty sure wasn't just him. He guessed her mind was plenty different from others though, at least in that sense, maybe.

"Wish I knew," he answered with a shrug and a deep breath in. For a moment, he considered commenting on how he'd been thinking about her connection to the Spartoi. He thought about asking how it felt, why it affected her so.

Then he realized that might be a slightly terrible small talk topic.

'Eh, I might not be as bad socially as I thought,' he thought wryly. He totally was though. It was just that sometimes things were obvious enough even for him. Particularly when he was having a good day in that regard.

"Is it leading you somewhere?" Athena asked then, turning her attention once more towards the Spartos.

"I think so," he answered, unsure. "It's difficult to tell without confirmation from Valerie. It does seem to reach in specific directions at times. Makes me wonder if Khaos just isn't in this plane most of the time, or if they move around a lot," he explained, but that made no sense. Why would they move around a lot? Far as Khaos was concerned, they didn't have a way to spot them. "Right now, he seems to be reaching that way, for the most part," he added, pointing over his shoulder, slightly to the right.

"... Lots of pantheons that way, but…" Athena commented, sounding and looking like she was trying to go over the entire list of pantheons. "It's pointless to wonder, isn't it?" she asked then.

"For the most part. If Khaos pulls off a stunt over there, we could maybe confirm something," he pointed out before pausing and considering that for a moment. "Or at least, might help."

"It's been days since the last attempt. Either they ran out of targets, took a break, or…"

"Or got what they wanted," he finished for the goddess. One of those was definitely more concerning than the others. None of them were good though, since they kind of relied on Khaos giving them a clue as to where to find them. If they suddenly went under the radar again, then Joshua didn't know what they'd do.

"Let's hope that's not-"

"Josh!" Valerie called and he could see Athena twitching. For whatever reason, the goddess didn't like the dhampir. Joshua wasn't sure why. The only reasons he could think of were rather petty and, beyond the initial impression, he didn't think it made sense for that to be the case, given what he'd seen of Athena. One way or another, at least the Greek goddess had refrained from acting on her obvious emotions. "I feel the cup!"

Immediately, all thoughts vanished from his mind.

In their place, only one thing stood. He turned to look at the dhampir and she was pointing in a specific direction. Just in case though, he hesitated for a moment and considered things. The teleportation spells weren't in place anyway. He was still working on that.

Valerie wasn't pointing in a wildly disconnected direction though not even a little off. The line her finger was painting for them aligned with the one he'd noticed from the Spartos. Beyond that, he wouldn't be able to tell much, considering how close they were.

All the same, he turned to look at Athena.

The goddess turned towards him.

"Thanks for telling me, Valerie," he said, a grin spreading over his lips and he didn't turn until he spoke again. "That's going to be very helpful," he added. And that was a huge understatement.

"Do I get extra dessert then?" the dhampir asked, all smiles and ironic sunshine.

"Double dessert," he answered and smiled a little wider when the girl let out a cheer. All the same, his mind was already working overdrive. He hadn't noticed a single thing with all his scans on Valerie herself. So, he either had missed something entirely, or it was impossible for him to pick up on whatever was going on…

For the moment, that is.

The Spartos also hadn't reacted, but that was hardly important. The important part was that they had a method. It was a matter of moving Valerie somewhere else and then triangulating the location. If he finished his teleportation spell in time for that moment… Then they'd have them. Khaos Brigade would be right there and he'd be able to finally get a hold of them. He'd trap them…

And he'd end them.

"We have preparations to make, evidently," Athena commented, standing a little closer to his side. When he turned, he noticed that she had a smile wider than even his. "I have plenty of ideas on how we can approach this."

"Let's call Nemesis. I'm sure between the three of us, we'll come up with good things," he replied, hardly able to wait even after he said that himself. He was so close to that single moment, the point in time that he'd been waiting for, preparing for, working towards. "We do have a lot to prepare," he agreed.

He was so eager.

'Just a little more,' Joshua told himself.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

It's been a few chapters since I've had no issues with my writing and this is starting to get really weird, guys. I'm worried. Have I lowered the bar for my won work? I don't wanna do that. I wanna keep improving!

I don't feel so good, Mr.-

Ahem. Er… The point is that I have nothing to note for this chapter, so I'll have a bit of a crisis if it's all the same to you, guys. That's always a real concern of mine when I feel good about a chapter. Like, is it really good or am I settling someway?

With some luck, it's not the case,

Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter though.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Anything inconvenient happen lately? My main laptop has a few keys that don't work anymore (like 2 and w, which are kind of important). So, I'm kind of waiting to see what happens there while I make do.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Scoca2002 and 89 others
Adrian King
Jul 28, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 249 - -Fight Like You’ll Never Die- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 4, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,667
-Fight Like You'll Never Die-

Joshua looked at the devastation before him.

It was so extensive that he could hardly see where it ended and where the normal landscape started again, in any direction. It spread all around him, in scorched earth and foul fumes. The very magic in the air showed twisted to his senses, like a mist of corruption and aggression even. It was disturbing to witness that, but through it all, Joshua felt… hopeful.

Because they had confirmed that both the Spartoi and Valerie could help locate Khaos Brigade.

They had pointed in the right direction. Working on a way to find the precise location both of them were pointing towards would be easy. A matter of an hour or two, probably. From there, Joshua just needed to finish with the new Teleportation circles. Once that was done, the next time Khaos reared its ugly head, he'd be on them.

No more chasing ghosts and fearing at home.

He was hunting them.

"So… Can you fix this?" Serafall asked him and he blinked, his mind returning to that ruined landscape. "Gabriel is managing to calm down Altjira and Baiame, but they are still very angry," she commented and he could hardly blame the leaders of the two factions of the Australian pantheon.

He still wasn't sure how it all actually looked like, politically speaking, but that was the summary he'd gotten and it was good enough for him. Everything else he'd heard had sounded very complicated, because apparently Australia was a mess of smaller factions, but it could be sort of organized into North and South the same way the Youkai divided themselves into East and West. He didn't think about it too much, admittedly, so even that could be completely wrong.

Something that he did know though, was-

"Yeah, I can fix this," he answered, looking around. Apparently, the Spartos wasn't the only example of Khaos leaving behind a "present" for the factions that they attacked. The area around him wasn't the second either, but it was the second that he got a good look at. Second one he'd been asked to solve too. Fortunately, this one was child's play compared to the Spartos. "It might take a bit."

"Difficult?" she asked and he looked at her. "Difficult, got it," she repeated, that time with a slight smile on her face. She'd gotten what he meant, thankfully. It wasn't always inconvenient for his partners to be able to almost read his mind.

It wasn't difficult, but it'd take time.

Time that he didn't have right then and there. He needed to get everything ready to tackle Khaos Brigade. Everything else would be pushed to the side, except Ophis' Silence. Once the world was safe for him and his family again, then Joshua would be able to do other things. Hell, cleaning that area sounded downright fun, but… Alas, he wasn't allowed nice things for as long as Khaos Brigade was around.

"They slowed down," Serafall pointed out and he nodded. He'd noticed. It had gotten to the point that they had thought their enemies might have gotten what they wanted, or decided to stop even if they hadn't. "Do you think they might stop?"

"They might," he answered with a nod. Neither of them could really have any idea though. They had more than discussed that amongst themselves and with others. Nobody had any idea what Khaos was even doing, really. "If they stop, I might have to look into Valerie's piece and see if I can force a reaction somehow," he commented, although he wasn't very positive about that.

That'd set him back quite a while, since he didn't have the first idea how to go about it. To add insult to injury, since he could be delayed so much like that, Khaos was likely to do whatever they were setting out to do before he managed. The situation was less than ideal that way, which he wasn't happy with, at all.

"One more target," he said, his expression flat even as his emotions ran all over the place. "I need one more target," he added before running his fingers through his hair. Considering the intervals between attacks, he was fairly sure that his preparations would be ready for the next one. One more and that'd be that…

"Do you think we could make that happen?" Serafall asked and he blinked. "Make an attack happen?" she added and he considered that, his mind running the situation through as if it were a magic spell. He wasn't sure what Khaos was taking into account other than targeting dragons and dragon-adjacent figures. Sometimes it was just the one, sometimes it was groups, like the Spartoi.

Or the latest targets, Neitee and Yeutta.

Unfortunately, there were dragons all over the world, so that didn't really narrow it down at all. 'It's always a different faction, at least so far,' he thought to himself. So, that at least crossed off some areas, but that helped very little. The factions themselves were interesting to note though.

'There hasn't been a single small faction that's been attacked,' he noted to himself. 'Not all of them are the biggest, but none of them are small,' Joshua mused, which was interesting. Certainly something to keep in mind and also something that narrowed things down, but still…

"Thought of something?" Serafall asked and he shook his head. "Boomer," she added with an exaggerated pout. "Something for us to discuss then. Maybe we can find something." Doubtful, since they had already tried, but it couldn't hurt to check again… probably. "The Australian factions are gonna join us though, from what I'm seeing."

"That's good," he replied, although he probably didn't sound like he meant it. To be fair, factions joining their efforts as an actual alliance of any sort would have been good news months and months in the past. At that very moment, it changed almost nothing. The bigger part of Khaos had already been dealt with. It was only the core group that was still around and maybe some stragglers here and there.

The alliance was doing basically nothing, even if it might sound harsh.

They'd all come around a little too late. Maybe though, their attack power would come in handy during the final battle. Provided things went well, of course. Joshua didn't want to be too optimistic though. After all, nobody's defense had been able to hold off… Khaos…

"How likely is it that we can get the details of their defenses?" he asked and Serafall paused.

"... How detailed?" she asked back and he just stared at her and shrugged. "Oh, these conversations are going to be fun," she said then, her lackadaisical act falling a little with frustration shining through. He was about to take back the request, but she beat him to it all the same. "Don't worry. At least it's something we can do while you do your own thing."

"If you can't, you can't," he tried to reassured her, but she waved him off.

"Well, I guess I have to negotiate something. At least I don't have to do it alone," Serafall commented, standing up and squaring her shoulders before moving to join Gabriel. 'Well, that just means I have to try harder myself then, I guess,' Joshua thought, looking back towards the ruins of the area around him.

And he wondered if that's how his entire world would look like, if he failed.


[}-o-{]
​

"Hm… Mr. Davis?" Iryuka asked and he paused.

Then he looked up and at the young devil that had been quietly working to the side on a far spot at the table. There wasn't much for her – or Seekvaira or Ravel – to do those days, considering he'd cut back on most things, admittedly. Sure, they had helped him check through his library for information and they still looked through at times. However, beyond that and making sure he didn't neglect some projects for others, there was little else for them to do.

Funny how his schedule had been the busiest right before it cleared up almost completely.

Forcefully, of course, but still.

"Yeah?" he replied, taking a deep breath in and resetting his mind a little. Maybe he should ask them to interrupt him from time to time. Joshua did have a tendency to go on tangents in his own mind. Funnily enough, he also had a tendency to hyperfocus on things and get stuck. Both things weren't much of a problem, normally, but he was a little too motivated those days and that was, ironically, working against him.

A poke here and there should prevent both of those from happening.

"... Um, my family has connections with Rosenkreuzer, the magician association," Iryuka said and he nodded, urging her to continue. He didn't need the clarification, but he appreciated it all the same. She seemed very hesitant to bring up whatever it was that she wanted to though, but that only made him more curious, really. "And we got a report that someone was causing trouble for House of Water. I wasn't sure if I should… bring it up or not, since you have stepped away from that, lately."

That was decidedly not what Joshua had thought it was all about. Although, to be fair, he wasn't sure what he had expected at all. All the same, he still found himself somewhat surprised.

Also because Agnes was supposed to have enough power to just shrug off most anything. That was why she always felt so incredibly in debt with him, wasn't it? He had given her a lot of power, helped strengthen her standing and her association's. So, how was anyone giving her trouble?

"Many people are doubting how much you're actually involved," Iryuka explained and he nodded. That made some sense, but still… He took a deep breath in, and that seemed to worry the devil, for whatever reason. "Apparently, a gathering of smaller associations are working together to press that point," she added, as if more information would help.

Which it did.

So, a bunch of mosquitoes were trying to be a bother…

"Any names in particular?" he asked and Iryuka sat a little straighter.

"Adytum, it's an association from America, they-"

"Is there any way I can tell this group of associations to fuck off without taking from my time?" he asked, because he really couldn't be bothered. He had important things to do and much as he appreciated all that Agnes had done for him… He kind of needed to focus on his own things. There was a reason why he had abandoned his duties to the association, sort of.

"Lady Serafall or Gabriel could maybe do something," she mumbled, but Joshua didn't like that idea. Those two had their own stuff to work on. They were busy on good days, and with all the alliance work they had to put in… Well, he'd feel bad adding more to that for something that was technically not that important.

'I don't suppose you guys feel like helping?' he thought to himself, projecting towards the Egyptians. Those were, allegedly, supporters of House of Water, or at least Nephthys was. Hell, they were working with his apprentices, so… He got a vague sense of disinterest though, which was kind of sad and annoying. However… 'Well, I guess I could ask Hecate,' he mused. She was a goddess of magic, after all. Surely she had an association or two she could push to help House of Water's situation.

"No, you won't," Nephthys hissed in his mental ear. Joshua found himself incredibly unimpressed with how petty gods could be… again. "And don't think I don't know what you're doing."

'It's working anyway, isn't it?' Joshua asked. Although, to be fair, he did plan to ask Hecate if the Egyptians didn't bother. The lot of them were sitting on their asses doing nothing but channeling their powers through him and his apprentices, unlike his partners, or even the Greek gods. He felt no shame in poking them into action.

"You're too smug about this."

'Meh.'

He ignored the bristling in his head and nodded.

"Thanks for telling me, Iryuka. Already handled it," he commented, turning his attention back to his work. He could tell the girl was confused, but he didn't elaborate. To her credit, the devil also didn't push for an explanation. She seemed to just take his word for it and go back to work.

Although, he did make a mental note – and send a message through Friday to Ravel – regarding the connection she mentioned to a big association. One never knew, after all. He also added a little task for the Phenex girl to make a list of the resources the two new secretaries might be able to bring to the table… and her own too.

He wasn't sure why he had never asked, to be honest.

On second thought, he held back that last part. If Ravel hadn't said anything, she probably didn't have that much to offer. Maybe because she was a fourth child and a girl to boot, so she didn't have that much power through Phenex contacts. Bullshit, if anyone asked him. He'd be sure to offer her some of that power himself.

She could manage his connections better than he could anyway.


[}-o-{]
​

"Go ahead," Michael said and Joshua nodded.

However, before actually doing what he was setting out to, he glanced around. Uriel looked about as happy with the situation as he could have hoped, which was to say not at all, but there wasn't a flaming sword pointing his way. Raphael looked torn between being incredibly curious and being worried. Michael's expression, for his part, was carefully neutral, which didn't really help.

Gabriel was the only one that seemed even remotely at ease and encouraging, and even she had some twitches of unease.

"You guys know I don't have to do this, right?" Joshua asked, raising an eyebrow and using all his acting skill to camouflage how he felt saying that. Not that he expected them to fall for it, but he could try. Because he really did want to try… but he knew they felt as unsure of the course of action as Joshua himself did.

Alas, he was running out of things to try and help himself with.

The current idea, one that he'd brought to them and they had tentatively agreed to, was… Checking through Heaven's System to see if anything could be done in regards to Valerie. It wasn't a new idea at all, really, but they had stayed away from it up to that point. Raphael, for the most part, had been reviewing it ever since though.

Finally, the angel had come to the conclusion that it'd be probably fine to just try and check on it. Even that much had them feeling a little uneasy. Not that Joshua could blame them. The Sacred Gear section of the system was infamously the one that was the most… buggy, as it were, so it made sense for them to be a little wary of that part.

"No, we have to check that side of things eventually. Might as well do it for a good cause like this," Michael insisted then and Joshua stared at him for a long moment. He wished Cheshire could have joined him for that visit. Alas, it was already a stretch for him to be there, even with the system business. And that was without the fact that his familiars were… Well, some of them were such that the angels liked to pretend they didn't exist.

Fortunately, Gabriel wasn't like that, but she was kind of an exception that way.

"So, let's do this. We need the information ourselves," Michael told him and he nodded again, that time more definitely. He could understand those points, at least. So, if they were determined, he might as well just try and make the most of it.

With a thought, he called for the System once more…

And it answered immediately. Not very clearly, however, not at all. It felt like the stuttered response of someone that had been caught off guard. Half baked ideas popped in his mind, blurry pictures and vague statements. All of it flashed in his mind like one of those videos that use glitching to turn the thing into a collage-like piece, with random pictures and noises and effects…

Joshua felt a headache coming his way just trying to process that for a second.

"Alright… this is a mess," he muttered, vaguely aware that Raphael leaned forward. He raised a hand to prevent any questions from coming his way as he tried to parse through the influx of botched information. Ultimately, he gave up. "This is going to take a while," he muttered, taking a deep breath in and starting to speak.

And through it all, even Uriel started taking notes when it became evident that things were even worse than they'd thought. Michael, for his part, looked at what he could, which wasn't that much. Raphael, Michael and Joshua himself became a bit of a combination, trying to process things and rule out things, cover any gaps… And prevent any mistakes.

Because all of them knew that the slightest wrong move could be disastrous, especially after seeing how much of a disaster Heaven's System was where they were looking. Joshua had, at that point, completely given up on actually getting any work done. They were merely gathering information and would likely spend a session or ten just… looking for a way to fix things at least a little.

Because there was no way they could actually get anything done.

It was only after a long stretch that Joshua realized that the System, in its Sacred Gear area, looked like a spell. Except, it was a spell that was perpetually failing, or, maybe more accurately, a spell that was continuously on the verge of failing. It never quite did, but it was right there and that was even worse.

In a way, Joshua thought that might be the most terrifying thing he'd ever witnessed.

"That was…" Raphael commented once they decided to just… call it quits. Checking idly, Joshua realized that they'd been there for five hours and it felt like they'd barely gotten anything done. 'Fuck, Kunou's going to be sad. I better bring ice cream with me when we go back…' he thought with a grimace.

"It's going to take some time," Michael said when it became evident his brother wasn't going to finish whatever he'd started saying. Joshua, for his part, thought the Leader of Heaven had just uttered quite the understatement.

"We just can't have easy things, can we?" he lamented to himself.

Gabriel patted his shoulder comfortingly.

At least he had her.


[}-o-{]
​

'I know you're eager, girl,' Joshua thought to himself, lying down on a long bench at the training area. As usual, his group of misfits and his familiars were fighting each other for training purposes… Probably. Nagini sometimes actually tried to kill them, admittedly. Not that anyone let her succeed, but that wouldn't stop her.

"I fight," Friday insisted and he let out a mental sigh.

'I know,' he repeated, fighting not to roll his eyes. 'You'll fight Annihilation Maker when the time comes. For now, you have other things to do,' he said, with all the patience he'd learned to have dealing with as many children and childish people as he had. He had liked to think he was a patient guy to begin with, but time had definitely tested that fact, that was for sure. 'For now, can you please keep an eye on the defenses? That's fighting too.'

"I fight?" Friday asked, apparently latching onto that last point. Joshua almost wanted to roll his eyes, and also laugh, and also sigh again. The living spell was bringing a lot of emotions to his head, which he really was too tired to process fully. Alas…

The perils of being a father, he supposed.

'You fight,' he agreed and that seemed to make Friday happy. Fortunately, she did listen and go back to checking on the defenses he'd set up for people in the alliance. Annihilation Maker was the reason Khaos could get through those so easily, so the living spell was their best bet at keeping them out if they decided to visit.

From there… Well, Joshua was taking a bit of a break, if he were honest. His head still hurt whenever he thought about Heaven's System after his last visit. It also hurt whenever he tried to think about the new thing to work on – because of course he had a new thing to work on – and that was the fact that faction defenses could be the factor that attracted and/or delayed Khaos.

Because, the long pause in activity could have a reason and that could be faction defenses. They weren't targeting small factions, but he considered that might be because they didn't consider those good enough to bother. And that meant that it required some kind of effort on their part. They also were never attacking places in quick succession, so that meant that it took some preparation to get things done.

They were scouting, preparing raids…

And maybe they could crack some kind of code. Joshua considered that, if they could figure out what all of that meant, they might be able to predict a target. If nothing else, they might be able to determine if there'd be more targets at all. A lot of "ifs" were involved in the situation, but it was what they had.

They had been in a state of throwing things at the wall and seeing what stuck for quite a while, Joshua was realizing.

'Just a little more,' he told himself, closing his eyes and going over things in his head. His people were strong. His spells were coming along nicely. His allies were growing in number and strength. 'Feels like everything's coming together,' he mused.

So, why wasn't that comforting? Instead, it just made Khaos Brigade feel all the more inevitable in his head. The shadow that had long since loomed in the distance was closing in. Whether he liked it or not, Joshua knew that the clock was ticking, louder than ever before.

'One way or another…'

With a deep breath in, he pulled himself to a sitting position.

There was work to get done, after all. He still needed to wrap up the teleportation arrays. He'd need a bunch of them, but he was making progress. He was also improving on the infinity wardstone-based spells, which would be a big part of what would make the formers possible at all. From there, he needed to get some more work done in regards to sensing around the Spartos and maybe Valerie too.

And from there, he also needed to prepare some gifts for Khaos Brigade.

Lots of things to do, but he had an objective, or several, really. All the cards were on the table and Joshua just needed to see how things would play out. He just needed to continue for a little longer and then…

'Let's see,' he thought, focusing as he opened his notebook. 'Right, teleport target reading,' he noted. 'Do I need to divide that into several spells or can it be only one?' That was a thought that crossed his mind a lot in regards to the Teleportation arrays. Because breaking down the spell was kind of the point, but if he did it too much, then he was adding more work to his plate…

But if he didn't do it enough, then he ran the risk of falling short and still needing too much energy. If that happened… Well, he'd need to start over, and that was not something he wanted to happen. 'Better err on the side of caution,' he decided with a sigh. That'd be more work, but oh well. 'What's new, right?'

At least, things feeling so close to an end also kind of helped. It gave him something to latch onto in order to push a little more. After all was said and done, he'd either be able to rest or he wouldn't be there to care. One way or another, it'd all be behind him.

'Just make sure you win,' he told himself.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

I'm kind of feeling similarly to Joshua, I have to say. It feels like things are really picking up now. It feels like the big battle of the end is around the corner… And yet, I don't know. I've been feeling the same for a while, but I've been reluctant to comment on it. Mainly because I haven't been great at predicting shit in my stories, I have to admit.

Yet, here I am…

We'll see.

That aside, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Do you set up something to have on the background while you do stuff? I tend to have music or maybe videos to listen to as background noise… But lately I've been setting my TV to sports channels. I guess the World Cup has influenced me that way.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, EigengrauFox, Scoca2002 and 77 others
Adrian King
Aug 4, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 250 - -Fight to Stay Alive- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 11, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,671
-Fight to Stay Alive-

[Yasaka]

"It's not like you to be so… restless," she said, but the word didn't feel like it fit the situation.

"I know," Joshua replied, clearly not quite agreeing with her thoughts on the choice. Then again, he was probably too focused on his own things to really give it any thought. And he tended not to have the clearest view on certain things to begin with, so there was that. "I just thought this would help me think, maybe. It'll change things up, at least," he added and he wasn't wrong about that last part, Yasaka supposed.

So, she sat at the table with a cup of tea in her hands and another to the side where Kunou was sitting. Their daughter – she still loved just thinking that, she'd admit – seemed particularly mystified by the sight of Joshua walking around and casting illusions of what crossed his mind. In a way, it reminded Yasaka of how they'd met, with his illusions catching Kunou's attention and slowly helping him worm his way into her heart… and Yasaka's too.

"Gives me a picture of things and helps me not forget things. Ravel and the others have a list of things, if I miss something, they have to point it out," he added, waving his hand towards the Agares devil that was sitting off to the side and leaning down with her head in her notes, to make herself as inconspicuous as possible. If there weren't a precedent of Joshua turning down women too young – and immature, particularly –, she might have worried about her.

But then again, Joshua wasn't an easy target for women in general. He was too dense, for one, and he was also unwilling to consider the idea of welcoming more partners. Even if they gave him permission he'd push back against it. It was so strange, but also very very much appreciated, by her and also Serafall and Gabriel.

"Positioning is turning into a bit of a problem, too many spells…" Joshua commented then, speaking to himself as Kunou took a sip from her own tea. The man followed suit without realizing, waving his hand and making illusory circles appearing in the air. They were small, most of them the size of a thumb, but more and more started appearing, forming an array of circles the size of the way in front of him. That was, indeed, a lot of circles.

Not a lot more than what he usually set up wherever he went, but still more, which was saying something.

"And I'll need to set up several of these," Joshua pointed out and Yasaka felt her eyebrows raise. That was, indeed, a lot of space needed just to have spells set up. "I'm gonna need a ridiculous amount of space just for this, and then I'd need to set up defenses for that, which might mess with the setup, which is just…" He finished with a sigh, looking at the illusion in front of his face.

"Can't you do the thing you told me about, putting spells on top of each other?" Kunou asked and Joshua considered that for a moment before nodding slightly. Then, with a few hums and other idle sounds, he started rearranging the illusion into piles like they were chips in a casino table.

"Better, right? Looks like a mess, it's throwing off the balance something fierce," Joshua commented, but he didn't look nearly as frustrated as before. Even Kunou noticed and Yasaka saw their daughter puff up a little, clearly proud of being able to help her father. "Maybe some other kind of arrangement though, like…" Joshua continued, unaware of the look on his daughter while shifting the circles again, that time into some kind of donut-like shape-

"Kind of looks like you could make a rose, you know, with the circles as petals, like…" Kunou said then, eager to get more "points" for helping Joshua as she started gesturing with her hands. Yasaka looked at her trying to explain the way she envisioned the overlapping the circle. Which wasn't very different from what Joshua had just done, except the overlap kind of went a little diagonal about it. "Or maybe like the ratatouille, the one from the illusion story!"

"Those are… not the worst ideas," Joshua replied, sounding and looking like he meant it while making illusion displays as examples. "I have to look at the numbers, but you might be on to something here, Kunou," he added, and that time he definitely did it on purpose. He had that fond smile on his face that he always did when Kunou did something adorable.

Like looking entirely too smug about being helpful.

"I think that deserves ice cream though," Joshua said, evidently having abandoned his spellcrafting trance of sorts in favor of spoiling their daughter. Gods, Yasaka loved that man and he was only making her fall harder as time passed. "What do you say, Yasaka, you coming?" he added and he knew exactly what he was doing, because Kunou turned to look at her with wide, pleading eyes.

"Might as well wait and go out for dinner, don't you think?" she asked with a raised eyebrow that gave both of them pause. She was not at all surprised by the fact that they seemed to have lost track of what the time was. "Speaking of going out, are we bringing your other daughters?"

"You're saying that like they aren't yours," Joshua pointed out and she paused. He didn't say that accusing her of anything, just an idle observation. Like he was checking something that had crossed his mind and wanted to make sure he had the right idea of things.

"True," she replied, because she knew she was definitely going to keep Joshua and he didn't seem to be in a hurry to change his mind about her so… She guessed she'd picked up a bunch of kids from him the same way he'd picked hers. "Are we bringing them?"

"I'll tell Morag and the others," Kunou said, looking between them like she thought they might need a moment to talk… or "talk". Her daughter was very smart, indeed, but she was reading too much into things that time.

Besides, they didn't have time for that if they wanted to make it to dinner.

Afterwards, definitely.

"Are you calling Ravel and Koneko, dad?" Kunou asked, already standing up to leave.

"Yes, don't worry about it," Joshua reassured, entirely too unaware of the situation, as usual.


[}-o-{]
​

[Agnes Waterhouse]

She wasn't sure how Joshua had heard that there were minor associations trying to get uppity with her, but he had.

And subsequently, Nephthys had been more active as a patron of House of Water than she ever had before. There were even a few other gods of the Egyptian pantheon that dropped by on occasion. Additionally, his Stars were displaying a lot more of their divine given gifts and more blatantly at that.

'I didn't need the help though,' Agnes thought wryly. And that wasn't even her not wanting to increase her already nigh infinite debt with Davis. Sure, the group of associations had been annoying, but it hadn't been any worse than other things Agnes had already had to deal with before her association rose to the top of the food chain. If anything, it had been a little flattering that they had to resort to that kind of thing to even try to face her.

Yet, Joshua had apparently heard about them and decided to act in what Agnes was realizing was his usual approach. He'd taken a nuke and decided to use that to make the nail sticking out disappear. Measured and subtle, Joshua Davis was decidedly not. 'Every day, I'm given reasons to be grateful I managed to get that man on my side,' she mused to herself.

Granted, it was a bit of a double-edged sword, since she was essentially forever at the man's service, but there were worse people to owe, she supposed.

"What did you do?" Elizabeth asked as she walked in. She'd left for one of her usual "trips" where she visited her barely gray and sometimes downright Stray association contacts. She was doing a lot of that those days, but then again, she was always on the lookout for information she could offer Davis. The man had rather curious interests, after all, particularly towards soul-related magic.

Agnes would reluctantly admit that such were a lot closer to the kind of thing Elizabeth was more likely to find.

"Believe it or not, nothing," Agnes replied wearily with a half smile. "Apparently, Davis heard about the situation with the smaller associations and…" she finished that answer by simply waving her hand up in the air. There was no need to say anything else, after all. The situation spoke for itself.

"That man is a menace," Elizabeth hissed, bringing a hand up to massage her forehead. "We're never getting out of this, are we?"

"You thought we had a chance?" Agnes asked with a raised eyebrow. She'd long since given up, to be honest. Sure, sometimes she lamented the tragedy of it whenever Davis did something to pile up on her debt, but she couldn't realistically pay him back in her lifetime and that had been a fact for quite a while by then. So, she was getting better at accepting the inevitable and just seeing how she could make herself feel better by repaying parts of it.

"Fair enough," Elizabeth said with resignation and frustration in equal parts. Then she sighed and deflated. "Any luck coming up with things to do?" she asked then, moving to take a seat on a chair across her desk. "Because I've been digging everywhere and I barely find anything."

"As a matter of fact, I did," Agnes replied and that seemed to surprise Elizabeth. She couldn't blame her for the doubt, but it still annoyed her. "He seems very interested in learning new kinds of magic. I bet it's not just a thing with the Norse Runes only."

"... That sounds promising," Elizabeth replied, eyes narrowed like she was looking for a flaw in her idea. Which she probably was, since she loved to find things to criticize in her plans. Agnes did much the same for her thought. They pushed each other that way. "Not easy, but promising."

"Yeah, I guess Davis might see it as an investment. We'll use all that influence, power and resources that he gave us to give him what he wants. We just need to be smart about how we handle things so that we don't burn ourselves, but…" Agnes mused out loud, leaning back as she thought it over herself a little more. She'd kind of been waiting to discuss the idea with someone, after all. "I have a feeling that he'll appreciate it even if we get some minor systems rather than something like the Myrddin circles or the Norse runes."

"That sounds more doable and yes, like it'd be something he'd be interested in," Elizabeth replied, eyes narrowed for a completely different reason. She probably could think of at least one such magic system that she could reach for. Agnes knew better than to ask which one, because she wasn't likely to think about one that she'd want to know about herself.

The divide had never been more obvious, in regards to their roles in the association, but Agnes had never been less bothered by that. They were working as a team like they never had before. She looked at the legal factions and Elizabeth at the illegal and maybe barely legal ones. Between the two, they could get a lot more done and they kind of needed to maximize what their efforts earned.

It was imperative, considering the situation they'd both been put in by a certain magician.

"I guess I have calls to make," Elizabeth commented with a sigh. "I don't suppose there's anything I should be doing here?" she added, almost like she wanted to have work for the association rather than going back to her shady contacts. Agnes found that a little amusing, considering how before she couldn't wait to get out of the association. Alas, the situation had changed that much, she supposed.

"I guess I could use some help with this meeting," she said, throwing her only ally in that situation a bone.


[}-o-{]
​

[Penemue]

"Fascinating," Azazel commented, looking at the new batch of Sacred Gear users that Davis had sent their way.

Personally, she thought that it was kind of… sad how the man could absolutely forget about the tensions between factions. Especially all the friction that was always present between them – Azazel in particular, and almost exclusively – and the Egyptian's Pharaoh. Considering it was half the reason for the issues their faction was having, one would think he'd at least be aware of that.

Penemue counted herself grateful of the fact that Davis seemed distracted those days. Hell, most of the alliance seemed to have their minds on things other than Grigori, which was very fortunate. However, it was a fact that one day, Khaos would be dealt with and then people would be able to turn back their way. Penemue feared that day, which was why she was doing her absolute best to get some points with the alliance's factions.

"That one is even a subspecies. Where'd you get these people, Penny?" Azazel asked and she considered answering honestly for a long, vexing moment. Then she smiled her best professional smile. Because at the end of the day, she had a duty to her position and to her people and, sadly, Azazel was no longer as big a part of her decision making process as he'd once been.

"I pulled some strings when the chance presented itself," Penemue answered, which wasn't a lie. She had pulled the strings when the chance presented itself. The chance being that she'd been asked what she'd need to get some extra decision power in Grigori. "So, I take it I wasn't scammed?" As if she ever could be, but one never knew. Especially when it came to Sacred Gears and all their peculiarities.

"Not at all!" Azazel answered immediately, not even bothering to ask what she'd had to pay for his new Sacred Gear projects. She guessed that was to be expected. Once, she might have thought it was because he trusted her judgement. At that moment, Penemue wondered if he even cared. "Oh, this is going to be so good to check on some of the ideas I had!"

"Just remember that you're the Governor, Azazel," she pointed out, but she knew what her answer would be. In a way, she was expecting that answer, hoping for it even. Because it would mean that her deal with Serafall, Gabriel and Yasaka would still be good. It would also mean that things for her faction could continue to be just as good, since she'd have plenty of support from outside… and Azazel would allow her to do what she needed to do.

"Eh," was the Governor of Grigori's eloquent response as he shrugged. "You can more than cover for me. This will mean so much. I might even get some information to help the Tepes girl. Might get the others off my case."

If she had to guess, that was kind of what they wanted from Azazel. Penemue was pretty sure that was just a side-effect of things. For the most part, the alliance just seemed to want to get rid of Azazel and put Penemue in a position of power. Or, more accurately, a better position of power.

She was pretty sure that if they could make Azazel disappear and sit her in his metaphorical throne, they would.

Penemue didn't know how she felt about any of that.

"You know you have to do things other than Sacred Gear research sometimes, right?" she asked, but she knew it would get her anywhere. She wasn't even sure why she tried anymore. It did nothing for the guilt she felt for all but backstabbing her own leader. If anything, it just brought to the forefront of her mind that she was doing something questionable.

"You can handle it better than I would anyway," Azazel said, not at all helping the conflict she had to deal with on a daily basis. It was also a blatant lie. Because there was a reason why he was their leader, yet… He seemed determined not to be the Azazel that had commanded them through wars, that had turned them from lost souls and twisted minds into a proper faction, one to rival the angels and the devils.

Time had passed and Penemue could barely remember that Azazel anymore. It was like he was a completely different person at that point, had been for quite a while, really. She wasn't sure what she could do in that regard anymore. She'd tried, she had tried so hard, to bring that Azazel back at least a little bit. She'd failed and she was starting to realize that she might never have had a chance to succeed.

"I'll handle it, then," Penemue replied and, for a second, Azazel seemed to pause. He probably expected her to fight him more on that, like she always had. Penemue almost wanted him to call her out on it. She almost wanted him to question things, say something, anything.

"Great!" he exclaimed then, grinning from ear to ear.

Then he turned towards the Sacred Gear holders she'd brought… And Penemue wondered why she wasn't upset, or even disappointed. Instead, she found herself in a dull resigned state, like she had run out of other emotions to feel. Ultimately, she guessed it didn't matter how she felt in regards to Azazel, her faction or even the alliance. She was, once again, a pawn to higher powers, except it was no longer her Father nor Azazel that was pulling her strings.

Idly, she wondered if her new puppeteers would disappear on her too.

That seemed to be the trend, at least.


[}-o-{]
​

[Athena, Goddess of Wisdom]

In a flash, one Joshua Davis appeared before her for another session of studying her Spartos.

Her creation, which was still just as twisted and wrong as the first time they captured it. Athena didn't feel any better than she had that day, when she first realized there was something wrong, when she felt the sliver of her divinity connected to the Spartoi being taken and corrupted. And lying her eyes upon it only made things worse, but she couldn't look away. She knew it did nothing; she knew it wouldn't get better no matter how much she stared at the Spartos… yet she had nothing else to do, she knew not what to do.

All she could do was hope that Davis would be able to fix it.

"Sorry for the delay," the man said, rubbing the back of his neck, stretching it and his back awkwardly. 'He was with one of his lovers,' Athena deduced immediately with some annoyance. Alas, she didn't see a point in talking about it. She wouldn't achieve anything other than making things uncomfortable for everyone involved.

And probably make Hecate jealous.

"That was instant teleportation," the aforementioned magic goddess pointed out. "Were you close by?" she asked then. Apparently, she hadn't picked up on what Athena had, which was good. Interestingly, it seemed to be because she had hyperfocused on that detail… Which, admittedly, was rather interesting. It made sense considering the project that Davis seemed to be working on in order to be able to ambush Khaos Brigade.

"I wasn't," the man said, a satisfied, confident smirk on his face that probably did something for his partners… and Athena's gathering of goddesses. It was such misfortune that she hadn't been able to find a god agreeable to her cause. But then again, it helped to have such… motivated allies, she supposed. It was annoying, but also helpful.

"You cracked it?" Hecate asked, eyes wide with shock that gave Athena pause. "Already?" her fellow goddess had to add. Disbelief was clear in her expression and her voice for which she couldn't really be blamed. The goddess of magic had given Athena an estimate based on what she'd seen of Davis and that estimate had already seemed crazy even to Hecate herself.

Yet there they were, with the man apparently having worked things out way faster than expected.

"Sort of," the man said with a so-so wave of his hand. "I made it work, but it's really not space efficient and there's a few things to work out still. I need to work out a tighter arrangement for the circles, which I already have ideas for. I actually wanted to run things by you, Hecate. Nephthys is busy with something and I need a second opinion on a few things," the man explained and Hecate straightened, clearly pleased by the "compliment" that the man's words carried.

Athena looked to the side to share a look with Themis and Nemesis, but she only found the exasperated eyes of the latter. The former, instead, had moved forward. Athena even caught a slightly disappointed look on her face, sad even. Something that even Davis picked up on, if the way he turned towards the goddess was any indication.

He even knew what that was about.

"Sorry, Valerie stayed back today," he said as an answer to an unasked question.

"Makes sense," Athena replied, even as Themis deflated a little. "It'd make it easier to triangulate the location if the dhampir and the Spartos are in different places," she added, although she wasn't sure why Themis was making a big deal out of it. Honestly, the Tepes girl was a distraction at best and a hindrance at worst. She literally couldn't do anything. Athena wasn't sure why Themis had even grown so fond of the girl and so suddenly at that.

"It does make sense," Themis mused grudgingly, which made Athena roll her eyes.

"She was asking after you yesterday, you know?" Davis commented, focusing on Themis and Athena told herself that pressing to get to work would only make everyone annoyed with her and not actually accomplish what she wanted. It was still frustrating though. "You must have made quite the impression on her. It usually takes her longer to remember people, let alone think of them when they're not in front of her."

"Really?" Themis replied with a bright smile, clearly pleased. "Hopefully we can see each other soon."

"Well, like Athena said, that's not very… efficient," Davis said, seeing reason for once. Themis seemed deeply sad about that though. "But you could visit us if you want. We try to keep her company all the time, but it can't hurt for her to have more friends around," he added.

"Truly? It won't be an issue?"

"Not at all," Davis replied, waving off Themis' worries. "I'm sure Yasaka will be fine with it and if not, I can convince her. So long as you don't mind some more company than just Valerie."

"I don't, not at all," Themis replied instantly. Did she realize that Davis probably included his sisters and maybe Yasaka's daughter into that equation? Did she realize she was volunteering for babysitting duties? Surely she did. She wasn't dumb. There was a reason Athena had reached for her to help them, and it wasn't just because of her domain of laws, which helped figure out how much of a mess had been made of her Spartos and the justice that needed to be delivered upon Khaos Brigade.

Admittedly, she might have overestimated how much Themis would do in the latter case.

"Maybe we can focus on the matter at hand?" Athena asked and both Themis and Davis turned towards her like they'd just remembered she was there. 'The audacity of these two…' she thought as her eye twitched. None of that was helped by the fact that Nemesis was giggling behind her.

"Right," Davis said all the same. "So, Hecate, about the arrangements I had in mind, do you think it'd affect anything if we give it the actual shape of something? Because what gave me the idea was Kunou mentioning the circles being arranged as rose petals. Do you think it might have some unintended effects? Maybe if we use the shape of something else?"

Well, they were back to talking business, so that was good.

Hecate even seemed particularly motivated after the goēs' words.


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Felt like doing a whole different PoV chapter. These are always neat. Although, I can't make quite as many as I'd want. Most of the time I just can't quite put together interesting things that are at least tangentially related to the plot or at least Joshua. And I kind of like to keep the focus on the MC, which… I think some people might disagree with.

Or maybe everyone does and have just been putting up with my focus on them in all my stories…

Depressing note aside, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What's one random forecast for later today for you? Over here… 14°C and cloudy, which suits me just fine. I could do with a little less humidity, but it's not too bad.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:demonmonkey89, Drgnfrst, EigengrauFox and 88 others
Adrian King
Aug 11, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 251 - -Fight to Raise the Crown- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Aug 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,679
-Fight to Raise the Crown-

Joshua had experienced lucky moments a lot when spellcrafting.

They usually came in the shape of some kind of eureka situation. He would be having a conversation that's unrelated or someone would make an idle comment and it would spark an idea. He had kind of gotten used to it. It even happened with his own thoughts on occasion.

Other times, it'd come in the shape of a conveniently easy time during testing. He'd set up a spell prototype and it'd work right away, or even just surprisingly well very quickly. Those always caught him off guard, no matter how many times they happened. Joshua had gotten used to things taking time. Everything was a process that he had to go through a bunch of times. Even when it helped him, it also always made him pause, because it messed with the process unexpectedly… But he never complained, obviously.

Joshua had stumbled upon a different kind of lucky moment when spellcrafting the Teleportation Arrays. Well, some of the previous ones were also involved, but there was one in particular that had just… been new for him. And that was that a mistake actually worked for the better.

He'd been working on one of the targeting circles in particular, the one that would pick up what – or who, more specifically – would need to be teleported. Joshua wasn't sure what he'd messed up, if the part that read distances, or the part that read position, but somehow the approach he'd used worked wonders for the thing. The thing could somehow pick someone up from double the distance Joshua had expected and five times what he'd been working towards. That was a lot.

He had expected to get himself – and get everyone else that would need to use the things, for that matter – trapped at home and under the range of the target spell, to be able to use the things effectively. After all, what was the point of working out fast teleport if he would need to take his sweet time getting in position to get teleported at all. So, he thought he'd need to wait out the end of things before being able to be truly free again and he'd get a taste of how Yasaka lived her life for a bit.

"You look happy," Koneko commented, in between nibbles on a pastry he'd cooked while thinking about the spells. "Did something happen?" she asked, peering at him curiously with her golden eyes. "Spellcrafting went well?"

"A spell I've been working on sort of… does, better than I thought even," he answered with a nod before taking a sip from his tea. His thoughts drifted a little back to the spell in question for a moment and then he managed to get his mind back on track. He needed a break and Koneko was right there so… He wanted to give her the attention she deserved. "How about you? Things going well?"

"Struggling," she answered and that certainly helped him focus on her more. "Nothing bad, just…" she hurried to clarify, somewhat. Then she went silent, slowly finishing the pastry while visibly gathering her thoughts. Joshua waited for her to speak again, mostly because Koneko was easily spooked and sometimes had a hard time communicating things. "... Working with Kuroka is hard."

"I thought you guys were getting along," he pointed out and the girl grimaced, somewhat bothered. Maybe he'd been wrong, apparently. Or maybe he hadn't understood her.

"... I meant, working on Senjutsu with her," she explained and he nodded. That made a little more sense. Maybe she'd hit a wall or something. That happened. Even he struggled with certain projects, no matter how much people thought he was a monster. "And her too, yes," she added, almost like an afterthought and Joshua was getting a little dizzy trying to keep up with the twists and turns of the conversation already.

"Did she do anything?" he asked. "Should I talk to her?"

"You don't have to," she answered quickly, shaking her head.

"But I want to," he sort of argued, making the girl pause. He let that sink in for a second before adding: "Do you want me to?" That seemed to give the girl even more to think about, and he waited for her to speak once more. Things seemed to be fine though, so the silence didn't feel heavy or anything. He was finding himself curious, he'd admit.

"... No," she replied in the end and he nodded. "Thanks for offering though." He gave her a smile at that, one that she returned, even if hers was barely visible. He'd take what he could get and from Koneko, that was already plenty.

"Tell me if you change your mind," he told her and she nodded. "For now… You wanna talk about anything else?" he asked and she blinked at him and he could almost see the gears shifting in her mind. It was a little humorous, he'd admit.

"... You went to Jeanne's meeting with the teachers last year, right? The one that parents are supposed to go to," the girl asked and whatever he thought she might want to talk about, that hadn't been it.

"I did, siblings can go to those too. I think Rias' brother went for her and Serafall went for Sona. I remember something like that," he pointed out, but Koneko quickly shook her head.

"Their parents went too," she told him and he nodded. He'd take her word for it. That wasn't something he remembered overly well, really. Not something that'd stick to his mind, that. "... Do you think you could go for me?" she asked and he blinked.

"Me? Not Kuroka?" he asked her, more curious than anything. Everyone and their mothers knew that he had all but adopted the lil' reincarnated nekoshou, after all. However, there always seemed to be this thin veil between what was there and confirmation. Like they all had plausible deniability if they wanted it.

"Yes, you," she said then, and Joshua felt that veil disappear a little more.

"Sure, I can do that."

The reactions to him being there as the "parent" to two students that clearly weren't related were going to be fun, if nothing else.

But if his kid wanted that, then… How could he say no?


[}-o-{]
​

His fingers tapped on the desk impatiently.

Starting from the pinky followed by the others up to his index finger and then again, Joshua knew that he was distracting himself more than anything. He couldn't quite bring himself to stop though, because it felt like it made no difference. He'd been staring at the files in front of him for hours by then and he had learned almost nothing.

He had finally gotten his hands on the defenses of their allied factions. Some of them, he'd already had, since he'd needed that to build his own defenses for them. However, the ones that had rejected his offering had fought them a lot more on that. It took some negotiating, a few favors here and there and Joshua improving their defenses, but they had shared things with him eventually. He thanked his partners for most of it, because he couldn't be bothered to do all that politicking. And besides, he would have failed anyway, most probably…

Or he would have given too much, which would have counted as failing, he supposed.

"Having trouble?" Aika asked and he nodded. "Same," she mumbled, not quite pouting but almost. "I don't know where else to look," she admitted and Joshua debated with himself telling her that he was surprised she'd gotten as much as she had. He had a feeling that she wouldn't like hearing that, even though it was a complement. He knew he wouldn't have, at least.

"Guess that makes two of us," he replied, because he was in much the same situation, sort of. He had looked over all the defense details he had and he'd found nothing. No patterns that stood out, no signs of something that might have made Khaos choose them. All the common points between defenses were from basic things. Nothing that other factions wouldn't have. If there was a "standard defense" package, those were exactly the spells that all factions had in common.

"I'm starting to think about just looking at the same things and see if I can come up with a different way to do so," Aika admitted and he hummed. If she had no ideas, that wasn't the worst decision, he supposed. For that matter…

"I guess I could do that too," he replied, running his fingers through his hair.

'How though?' he asked himself. He'd already looked through the list and tried to find identical spells and even spells that did roughly the same thing. Nothing had really stood out to him. 'What other similarities am I supposed to find then?' he wondered, because he wasn't even sure there were any to begin with. He'd looked at the effects, for the most part, but if he started dissecting every part of the spells, that'd take forever. If there even was a pattern, he would never find it in time.

There were probably at least a handful of different elements he could consider worth looking out per spell. Joshua simply didn't have the time to look through all the lists like that in detail. Even if he tried to shorten the process by simply taking two lists and going through them as a partial filter of sorts… That wouldn't work.

Going through all the spells just to see if one or two things…

'One or two things,' he repeated in his mind, his eyes narrowing. 'If I can look for one or two things before dissecting all the spells, that'd lower the time needed a lot,' he thought, but that was kind of obvious. The difficult part was finding that element or two to look for before going through the spells. That was going to be more difficult.

'Or will it?' he wondered, because there was one thing that came to mind. 'Khaos is obsessed with dragons, right? And so is this verse as a whole…' It'd be a gamble to just go with that, but then again, Joshua didn't have that many ideas on what to do other than that.

"Iryuka," he commented, turning to the side and seeing the girl straighten stiffly immediately. It was a little humorous how she always acted like he'd caught her with her hands in the cookie jar. Suspicious too, but he'd done his best to check if she was actually up to something and she'd come out clean. Even his partners, much better at reading people than he was, had waved off any worries.

The girl was just very tense when working for him, apparently.

"Can you make a note to use my time analyzing the defenses into two things, analyzing and brainstorming analysis criteria," he commented and the girl nodded quickly, muttering an acknowledgement while writing down the note for herself. Nodding to himself, Joshua turned back towards the list.

He already had an idea, even if it was suboptimal, so-

"When should we start the divide, Mr. Davis?" Iryuka asked, looking very much like she hadn't wanted to do so when he turned to look at her. It took him a moment to realize that she'd kind of interrupted him and she realized. "Should I have waited to ask?" she added nervously.

"... It's no problem," he reassured first of all, because the girl was already on edge enough as it was. "But next time let's start from the next related slot unless I tell you something else, alright?" he suggested and she nodded quickly, scribbling another note down and he ran his fingers through his hair.

'Alright, now let's see how I can do this,' he thought, finding the first spell and getting to work. He had a lot of things to go through, even if he'd reduced the time needed a lot just deciding to focus on dragon-related elements.

'No rest for the wicked, indeed.'


[}-o-{]
​

The peak of Mount Everest on a cloudy day was beautiful, Joshua learned.

Granted, it required some prep, mainly to make sure the winds, the temperature and a few other things didn't make things troublesome, but still. Fortunately, all that made it less troublesome in a different way, and that was the fact that nobody was climbing the thing in that weather, obviously. So, Joshua knew they'd be by themselves unless someone supernatural interrupted.

And that was what he had a bunch of other spells for and if anyone had a problem with it, then he would deal with that too.

Back to the point though, the view from that spot in that weather was breathtaking, and not because of the lack of oxygen. He'd taken care of that, after all. No, the view was just outstanding because it was like standing on a wispy sea. In a way, Joshua was reminded of Heaven, but less… extra. Heaven was supernaturally – obviously – beautiful, it shone even without light and everything was always perfect and nice.

The view from the Everest was more natural though, imperfect. There were darker spots here and there, maybe hints of a storm that he might have to stop. The imperfections made it a different kind of beautiful. Not better than Heaven, not at all, but maybe still just as good. He wasn't sure it was safe to admit, but he kind of liked the sight before him more. The perfection of Heaven could be overwhelming.

It made him feel out of place, like an Uncanny Valley situation, but centered around himself, because he was the one throwing things off.

"It's beautiful, right?" Gabriel asked, leaning sideways onto his shoulder. "It's not home, but it's a close second," she commented, although she sounded like she was still taking in the sights. "Would you believe me if I said I haven't seen this before?"

"No." How could he? They never brought it up – because it was awkward and also… Well, even he knew that'd be a terrible thing to do –, but she was laughably old. It didn't show in a lot of things, but it definitely showed in the things she'd seen.

"I haven't," she admitted and his eyebrows shut up. "Most of the time, when we're not home, we stay closer to the ground, ironically," she explained, likely sensing his surprise and skepticism. "The few times we'd be above the clouds, we didn't usually have time to take in the view," she added and he nodded slowly.

It was still hard to believe, but he had no reason to not trust her word for it, really.

"Well, I know it's not really your thing, but I was looking for places to go and found this one," he admitted, feeling a little self-conscious even despite her initial comment. Natural spots were more his thing, after all. Not to say that she didn't like them, but it usually took a lot more than it did for him to make her enjoy herself with natural things.

Then again, the peak of Mount Everest was no small thing, he supposed.

"You know I have exceptions," she replied and he could almost hear the smile on her face. It made him smile in turn. "I think I'd like to come back here some other time," she added and Joshua was glad to hear that.

"Well, I guess we'll be coming back," he decided, because sure, there wasn't much to look at, but what was there was just… incredible, even in its simplicity. Joshua was struggling to put it into words, why he liked it so much. But he did, so he wouldn't mind seeing more of it. Just maybe not too soon, since he tended to get tired of things if he took in too much of them.

"I'm choosing the next spot though," Gabriel commented and he chuckled. That was more what he'd expected to hear, if less playful. He'd take it with no problems whatsoever.

"Sure thing," he readily agreed. If anything, he preferred for his partners to pick their date spots. He didn't always know where it would be good to go and he always felt nervous that they wouldn't like it. Admittedly, he was growing a little more confident in that – and Cheshire usually helped him when he was particularly unsure, since she had never steered him wrong –, but all in all, he would rather not have to deal with any of that.

"Josh?" Gabriel started then and he turned towards her. Not because of the questioning tone, but because she sounded unsure and he'd felt her tense a little bit beside him. Apparently, there was something bothering her all of a sudden. He'd thought things were good. "You said you'd work on a spell for us once Khaos is done, right?" she asked and he blinked.

"I did," he answered calmly, not sure why that was something that made her behave like that. They had talked about that a bunch of times – awkward and kind of worrying as it could be, what with her being an angel – and she'd never sounded like that. "Changed your mind?"

"No," she denied firmly, grabbing her hand in hers. "I just… You have a lot of children, you know?" she asked and it almost seemed like she was holding back a pout to him. That was kind of funny. Although, the fact that he could finally guess where she was going kind of took away from that a little.

"Do you want children?" he asked her and Gabriel seemed taken aback, maybe by the fact that she hadn't had to spell it out to him. That was entirely fair, really.

"... I think so," she mumbled, pressing more into him, like she was trying to hide by his side.

"Alright," he replied calmly and that seemed to surprise her once more. "I have no problem with that," he told her with a grin. "I love having a big family. I don't love how busy I am and the fact that I can't see them or spend time with them as much as I'd like to, but…" he explained and Gabriel giggled, pulling him down a little to kiss him before he could continue. "You always tell me I worry too much, I know, but still, I think we could…" he was interrupted by another kiss, that time very deliberately.

He wasn't complaining.


[}-o-{]
​

"Do I really have to do this?" Jeanne asked, pouting even as she continued pushing around plants and pulling out weeds.

"You don't have to," Asia answered, all patience and kindness. "I'm sure you have other things you'd rather do," she added, smiling like the pseudo-angel that she was. Far as Joshua was concerned, she was more of an angel than some actual angels, to be honest. And he didn't say that just because Uriel still hated his guts… although it was definitely part of it. "I appreciate the help you've already given me."

"Not helping, Asia…" Jeanne mumbled, confusing the lil' nun.

"Asia stuck to the kendo practice you suggested the other day, Jeanne," Joshua pointed out and the girl flinched. "So, you're gonna stick to this and you're gonna stop complaining," he added and the girl did as she was told. She sulked all throughout, but he didn't care for that.

He had finished setting up the first design of the teleportation arrays that sort of worked two days before and he'd decided to spend time with his family while he worked on improving them. For the moment, the range of the spells was limited, at least in regards to where they could be, but he was working on increasing that. One day, with the infinite wardstones as foundation, he was sure he could make them limitless.

That'd take way too long though, but he could hope.

"I don't wanna force you to do this if you don't want to," Asia said, worrying her lip as she glanced at Jeanne. Joshua had to hold back a sigh at that. Instead, he took a deep breath in, pulled away from the plants he was caring for and then approached the nun.

"Asia," he started, snapping his fingers to wash the dirt off his hands before placing them on her shoulders. "It's fine to want to share things that you like with others. And people that love you should be able to share that with you even if they don't like it. You don't like kendo, but you still did it for Jeanne. And you don't like magic, but you hear me anytime I ramble about those."

"It's not bothersome for me though," the girl mumbled, wringing her hands and looking away. She had a slight smile on her face though. Unfortunately, it was lost the next second. "I don't want you two to do this if it's bothersome for you."

"It's not bothersome for you because you appreciate the two of us more than you dislike those things," he explained, and he wasn't even guessing. He knew that, she'd told him as much already. "Jeanne should learn to appreciate you more than she dislikes getting her hands dirty on some grass and dirt."

"Now you're just making me feel like a bitch," Jeanne grumbled behind him and he nodded.

"Exactly," he said, making the girl sputter. "Maybe I've spoiled you too much," he added, sighing and shaking his head. "I remember when you were all well behaved and eager to help. I miss those days." He really didn't. Those days had been like that because Jeanne had been afraid he'd abandon her to her fate, literally.

Admittedly, he might have gone overboard trying to help her relax.

He was dealing with the consequences of that.

"Shut up," Jeanne mumbled, but she was working, so Joshua guessed she wasn't too upset. "I'm… I guess I've gotten used to things being good," she added then, and both Joshua and Asia looked at her. There was something serious in her tone even as she kept pulling out weeds, firm, steely even. "I forget how bad things were… before, or a part of me does. I should be more grateful."

"It's not a bad thing, Jeanne," he told her and he saw her stop. "I'm actually glad about that. It means you've healed," he added and Jeanne turned towards him, equal parts surprised and hopeful. "Why do you look like that?" he asked, a little amused. "Sure, you might be a brat, but it's fine. It's my job to get you to be better, but it's certainly an improvement from before."

"I don't know if that's sweet or insulting," Jeanne replied.

"I guess it's supposed to be a bit of both," he told her with a half smile, making her scoff. At least she seemed to have relaxed a little. Seriously, why did he have to be the mature one all the time? Being an adult was exhausting. "Either way you're my sister, Jeanne," he added and the girl paused again. "You're stuck with me," he told her with a smile before looking at Asia. "And we're stuck with you."

"Why do I still feel like you're half insulting me?" Jeanne cried out.

"That's kind of what I have to do as the big brother, pretty sure," he answered, getting a roll of eyes from Jeanne and a giggle from Asia. Things were much more calm after that. They focused back on what they were doing after that, which was working on the garden. Fortunately, not all of it was taking out weeds, although the other parts were more complex.

That is, until he felt the alarm he'd set up, both through his own spells and Friday. It blared like a siren in his mind, except it made his entire magic twitch and then shiver. He wasted precisely a second to snap his mind to action though. He'd been preparing for that moment for months after all…

'Everyone get ready,' he ordered through his bond with his familiars. 'Friday,' was all he had to think before the living spell started sending messages that he'd had ready for way too long. That was all he needed to do before getting to work on the location, following the lines drawn by the Spartos and Valerie…

Because their enemies had done something once more, drawing a reaction from the dhampir.

'Let's do this then, Khaos Brigade.'


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Did you think this was gonna be more Slice of Life for thirty more chapters?

Think again, buddy.

I don't have much else to say though, so… I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: What's the last movie you watched? My family and I watched Project Hail Mary this weekend and I'm not gonna lie, I'm binging fics about it and getting sci-fi story ideas in my head… I don't even like writing sci-fi stories…

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VoidKing98, Uruguayan spider, CornCorn and 80 others
Adrian King
Aug 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 252 - -Fight to Take Them Down- New
View content
Adrian King
Adrian King
Writer, I think
JoinedJan 3, 2022
Messages823
Likes received106,155
Wednesday at 00:08
New
Add bookmark
#1,688
-Fight to Take Them Down-

'Like a charm,' he thought, appearing immediately in his destination, somewhere in West Africa.

Joshua wasn't sure who's territory that was or what factions were around… And he also didn't care, admittedly. He could deal with any ruffled feathers afterwards. He had already talked to his partners, who had then communicated it to their allies, that as soon as they could get Khaos Brigade, they would, consequences be damned.

Joshua wasn't about to let them get away from him just because some god would feel slighted.

He'd give them something to actually be upset about if they got in his way.

'Hello,' he said, after appearing in the area and turning around. Beside him, his familiars gave a much more overt greeting. Nagini reared up and glared with the full force of her disastrous gaze. Cheshire dashed, lightning at her paws while she grew to her biggest form. Margalo flew up, her cry rippling through the area in a way that he could almost see. Morag scurried away, hidden by the impressive displays of her sisters and likely already working on a web.

And Friday… Friday worked with him.

With a snap of his fingers, foci appeared behind him, infinity wardstones, yes, but also a few others. He was still studying Ophis' gifts, which meant that some traditional foci worked better in some cases, but that was beside the point. As their resources appeared, both Joshua and Friday started casting. Lockdown, defense, draining, all the foundation spells were laid down in a second, almost as fast as they'd appeared there.

All of that, happening in the span of a second, because that's what he'd practiced for, what he'd been preparing for.

The following second brought even more.

Behind him, he heard the crackling of Incinerate Anthem as Raynare took to the sky. He saw the purple mist of Dimension Lost spreading from the corner of his eyes. He sensed the life energy that Kuroka was starting to channel already. He would have brought Kokabiel too, but… He didn't trust that one nearly as much as he did the others, and even Georg had been a stretch.

In front of him, much the same way, he saw several things happen.

There were dragons and serpents and… creatures all around. He knew what most of those were supposed to be, or he could at least guess. Joshua had memorized what Khaos had been so busy bringing back to life or kidnapping and twisting. They were as similar as the Spartos was to its original form, yes, but still. All of them turned towards them. There were growls and roars and hisses. One of them even breathed something that seemed like a cross between flame and toxic green gas.

A presence of magic rose and shapes seemed to take form from the ground. Lucifuge and Annihilation Maker, he'd bet. He welcomed those, especially the latter one. They had been a thorn on Joshua's side for so long that he wanted to get his hands on them almost as much as he wanted Khaos Brigade gone.

And then there was the last one.

"How?!" he shouted and Joshua listened to the shock mixed with anger and a tinge of what he hoped was fear. He watched the silver-haired devil's expression twist with much the same emotions. He took in that like a man enjoys his last meal; Joshua savoured that like it was a gift… Because it was.

Rizevim Lucifer was right there.

He was in front of Joshua.

'I caught you, you piece of shit,' he growled in his mind as he slammed another spell down in the third second after their arrival. The allies Joshua had brought were already moving forward then. Annihilation Maker's creations and the corrupted dragons did much the same, if in the opposite direction.

He cast more spells, layering more and more with every passing second. Domain Authority, that was what people called him and that was what his system called him. It was awkward, to hear others use it, and he had never given his titles all that much attention beyond their effects after he got them. However, at that moment, he found a corner of his mind wishing to honor those two words.

He was an oblivious man, but Joshua wasn't blind. He'd seen how people looked at him. He'd seen how many of them did. He'd seen how his Stars felt very indebted to him. He'd seen House of Water would do whatever he asked of them. He'd seen youkai waiting for him to start acting like a co-leader to Yasaka. He'd seen how Rias was still looking at him a certain way still.

He didn't understand most of that, yes, and he didn't get why they felt like that, or why they didn't realize that he was just a massive magic nerd.

But he had seen all that.

And at that moment, Joshua pushed aside all the awkwardness he'd usually feel, the doubts and justifications. Instead, he found himself wanting to be that person that people respected, feared even, to be that grand mage that the world saw him as. He wanted Khaos to find themselves facing that. He wanted them to look at him and know that they were done. He wanted to be for them what Trihexa had been for him for so long, the shadow of death looming over, hanging above their heads like a Sword of Damocles.

Raynare's flames hit a twisted creature that had once been a dragon at the same time that Cheshire's fangs wrapped around the neck of what had once been a Spartos. The conflict started like that, with roars and fire and lightning. And Joshua ignored all that, throwing more spells and hoping that their magical presence made Khaos realize that they were trapped, that there was no hope for them and that he was going to kill them all.

He hoped against hope that they would feel a sliver of the fear that had gripped at his heart all that time.

And if they weren't feeling that, then… he was going to make sure of it in time.

[Divide!]

'Even better,' he thought, grinning widely as a new presence appeared under his wards. Because he'd been thinking about it for so long… What if he didn't catch all of Khaos? What if he got there but there was only Rizevim and not the others? What'd he do then?

And he'd just reached a rather easy solution.

Let the others come in.

The only thing he needed was for them to not leave. For all he cared, anyone was allowed to join the battle. His allies would come, any second. And Khaos… Khaos would die in its entirety if they came and he wanted that. Anyone else would either be allies or enemies, no in between. Joshua didn't have it in him to care about anything else anymore.

Khaos needed to disappear and anyone that wasn't helping was getting in his way.

'Welcome, Vali,' he thought to himself, so very pleased to recognize those presences. Bikou, Arthur, Le Fay and some other strange creature, not a corrupted one. He didn't care. His spells shifted to target them all the same, he adjusted everything to do so with a thought. He'd been working on combat spells for so long too…

And when Leonardo tried to craft a creature or three that would help with that, Friday made her appearance. Because the living spell was all too eager to prove herself and she did so by performing the task for which he'd created her, back when he didn't even know what he was actually doing, what he'd achieve. She did so by facing Annihilation Maker and holding it back.

Every effect that the Longinus crafted, she countered, their clash was the biggest as far as Joshua was aware. Ironic, since it was also the least noticeable, the least flashy. Georg had teleported Vali's team around, dropping Bikou in front of Raynare and the Pendragon siblings with Kuroka. Flames met senjutsu. Senjutsu met magic and swordsmanship. Nagini was fighting against a serpentine corrupted dragon. Margalo was clawing at a Spartos while her song persisted. Morag had trapped the remaining two of those while trying to web down a dragon…

And as all that happened, Leonardo and Friday had what amounted to a stare contest.

Far as Joshua was concerned, it was the most epic staring contest ever.

Just the first few seconds painted a picture that only he could see, he was pretty sure. Not because he was special, but because he was the only one that had any spare awareness to notice and the deep sense of magic required to see most of it. He felt it, the magic all over the place, the magic of the Sacred Gear creatures, the magic of the living spell. They shifted and twisted and turned in the same way that he imagined a wave of water and a wave of oil hitting each other would, mixing together yet repelling the other at the same time. It was a mess and downright dangerous feeling… yet Joshua found himself oddly fascinated by it.

For the split second that he could pay that any mind, that is.

"Georg, keep moving them, we need to buy time," he said and the Dimension Lost holder did just that. It took a lot of energy to do, but he kept teleporting creatures around, at least those that weren't already in a fight that was at least semi-stable. There were too many dragons and other monsters that Khaos had gotten their hands on, after all. Worse, those creatures were too strong.

Joshua's group was too small to handle all that.

The chaotic beings that Rizevim seemed to have put together during his raids were more difficult to move around than normal ones. Joshua could tell by the way the mist seemed to struggle to wrap around them, and the stifled nature of the teleport. He'd seen enough of the Sacred Gear being used to notice. Instead of an instantaneous shift, there was a stutter to it, like the things glitched halfway through the teleport before properly appearing where it was sent. And the Sacred Gear seemed to struggle for whole seconds before being able to move them again.

He also could tell that Georg was bleeding energy the same way an inflated balloon loses air when the neck isn't tied. Not that the rest of them were doing much better. Most of his allies were facing at least two enemies each and they were managing, but that was all. They managed and not that well, even if it was better than barely doing so. They were at least keeping themselves somewhat safe, but that was about it.

Joshua himself was still casting spells creating the fortress for the fight… But it was taking time. His spells were already in effect, sure. Some of them were weighing on their opponents, some of them draining their energy and there were many more, but… The enemies were too strong, he was slowing them down, weakening them, but not nearly fast enough to make up for the disadvantage that they were in from the start.

However-

One particularly big dragon was hit with magic and a quarter of the battlefield that Joshua was turning into his domain froze entirely with it right in the middle. He heard the distant voice of Serafall announcing her arrival cheerfully, like she would as Levia-tan in her show. He smiled despite himself and kept on casting.

The cavalry was arriving and Khaos would soon be surrounded.

But he knew it wouldn't be that easy. They'd just gotten there and it was a small miracle that Serafall had made it there so fast. Everyone else… They were busy people. And they had to organize their faction forces. Serafall must have been with one of her fellow Satans or something, and she'd still taken a risk by getting there so fast.

He didn't hold that against her though, hardly.

There were too many monsters created by the broken Grail and the dragon remains of dead creatures and – worse – living ones. Georg was still trying to keep things somewhat controlled by disturbing Khaos' fighting force. Everyone else was still fighting, pushing and- 'Fuck off,' he thought, summoning neutral magic to slap away a twisted "dragon" head before they could try to bite at Margalo. It didn't do any damage, but there was enough energy in it to knock it off course.

The perks of having infinite magic, even if his output was limited.

It might not be infinite, but his output wasn't negligible.

"No! You won't stop me!" he heard Rizevim cry out and it was music to his ears to hear his frustration, his anger. Joshua grinned even as he felt the spike of magic. "You won't!" the devil shouted, a challenge and a curse at the same time. And then Joshua felt other presences, humans and other beings that he'd felt but had been insignificant in the grand scheme of things.

Those had been more than held down by his spells and it'd only been getting worse by the second. Besides, little that they did reached his familiars or his allies. George's mist usually took care of anything, but Raynare was all but immune to their spells, burning them before they touched her. Not everyone had spells specially designed to avoid Incinerate Anthem's bullshit meta-burning, after all.

So, Joshua was unsurprised – annoyed and disgusted, but not surprised – when he felt Sephiroth Graal being used on them.

Maybe he should have done something to stop that… but he didn't think so. He was busy laying down more layers to his spells that were overall lowering the attack power of Khaos and they needed that to keep cornering them like the rabid dogs that they were so that they could be put down. Besides, as long as he was making his corrupted, chaotic minions, Rizevim wasn't taking to the battlefield and Joshua preferred things that way.

The guy was his to deal with and, besides, it wasn't like he cared if the devil turned all his little gathering of… whatever those were, maybe Stray magicians, maybe mercenaries, ultimately they didn't matter. They'd all chosen to put themselves in that position and Joshua didn't have enough in him to care about them. What he did care about was that Rizevim needed time to twist them into properly dangerous creatures, and that meant more time for him and his allies.

Specifically, it meant more time for the factions that wanted Khaos gone to make an appearance.

Serafall and Georg were doing a great job keeping the corrupted dragons from actually being too dangerous, between freezing them and teleporting them, but they couldn't make that last forever. Several of those dragons had once been forced to be reckoned with, after all, even before Rizevim Grail'd them. Not even Serafall could just shrug them off. 'Everyone's burning energy like crazy just keeping this balance,' Joshua thought with a slight grimace and pursed his lips. Nagini was struggling to wrap around enemies while glaring at anything and everything. Margalo kept her song going, but that was getting in her way a little. Cheshire and Raynare occasionally sent attacks away from their own fights. Kuroka kept weaving illusions all around while dancing between creatures.

He had spells that could turn their enemy's energy into energy for their allies, a modification to draining spells that he'd worked out, but… That'd mean stopping casting the other spells that he needed to set up. Spells that would make sure no one from Khaos escaped, and that they got weaker, more manageable. He didn't know how long it'd take their allies to get there from wherever they were. Not everyone had instant teleportation ready like he did. It'd been only him, his familiars, his gathering of enemies turned allies, Serafall and…

'Just a little longer…' Joshua told himself before his expression relaxed the smallest bit when light shone down on several creatures, like the sun had decided to be particularly mean to them. If particularly mean meant getting blasted and slammed down by holy light like they'd been hit by an invisible hammer twice their size. 'Just a little…' he repeated, more confident than wary that time.

Gabriel had made an appearance already, which was faster than Joshua imagined, if slower than he'd have liked.

Then again, his perception of time was a little skewed at that moment. He wondered how long it'd actually been since the fight started, because it felt like it'd been an hour already even if it'd probably been a few minutes, if that. Every second counted at that moment, with so many monsters on the other side. There was a small army of beings in front of them that had already been strong – some of them ridiculously so – before Rizevim gave them a chaotic boost with the Grail. His group wasn't supposed to beat them and it showed. They had to buy time. He trapped them, his group entertained them and, from there, they waited.

And through it all, Joshua focused on his own thing, because he had a job to do just like everyone else.

He wanted nothing more than to jump in, take out True Longinus or his daggers or even Ascalon and start stabbing things. He'd have been so happy to take out some of the aggression that bubbled in his chest on their opponent. However, he could leave that for later. He could wait and then enjoy himself unleashing some of the things he'd tinkered up to that point, or the things he'd tinkered for that moment.

"How did you find us?!" Rizevim screamed and if anger alone were enough to do damage, Joshua would have been worried. Instead, he was worried about the particularly high spike of energy that followed and- 'You damned crazy piece of shit,' he cursed in his mind, eyes widening when he saw that Rizevim was going to turn someone else into one of his chaotic creatures…

And that someone was Euclid Lucifuge.

The others had taken a second or two to start shifting, to start being corrupted. The devil, however, took longer but he also remained conscious. The power surged and the energy twisted, and through it all Euclid kept shooting attacks. Attacks that were getting stronger by the second.

'They are crazier than I thought,' Joshua thought to himself, splitting his attention a little to summon shields in front of said attacks before they caused damage and tilted the scales against them. 'And that's fucking saying something.'

And then, the precarious balance got even worse.

Or maybe he just realized that it'd been getting worse, for a while by then. Because when Joshua blocked another attack by Euclid, he noticed something out of the corner of his eyes. The biggest creature got frozen and broke through the ice faster than before. Two creatures managed to get an attack out before Georg teleported them with his mist. A flying serpent dove straight at Nagini despite her glare barely twitching. A drake of some sort pushed through Gabriel's light to spit some kind of attack at her.

'Are they growing resistant?' he thought, dread drilling a hole at the pit of his stomach. He knew they shifted, but so far all he'd seen in the Spartos was that it was random. 'Didn't have a reason to change any particular way?' he wondered, summoning a shield and a blast at two different spots and grimacing. If he was going to be more involved in the fights, then he would slow down his own casting and that-

A gigantic sword was thrust forward and through a creature.

'Jeanne?' Joshua thought, blinking at the La Pucelle armor and the sword it held, looming over Jeanne and her chosen enemy. 'How did she get here so fast?' he wondered.

[Boost! Boost! Boost!]

[Divide! Divide! Divide!]

He paused again, watching a shiny red spot hitting a shiny white spot off to the side. 'Issei?' he wondered, but the fights were still going. Things were still bad and that was without Euclid somehow still going through the process of turning into a monster. One that was going to be remarkably troublesome, just like the dragons that had been turned into weapons

He slapped another area spell down.

'Come on,' Joshua told himself, taking a deep breath in. 'We can last long enough, I know we can,' he told himself. They were holding well enough. And soon enough, the cavalry would arrive and-

And-

'Are they getting stronger too? No way, right?' Except, that seemed to be exactly what was going on. It showed in the way that a creature broke out of Nagini's hold. It showed in the way another clawed Cheshire away. It showed in the way a Spartos tore itself out of Morag's web. 'What the fuck did Rizevim do with them?' he wondered to himself. 'This is getting kind of frustrating…'

Maybe it was hypocritical of him, but Joshua was getting tired of feeling like things were fine and then immediately having them crumble. They were running out of energy quickly, their enemies had the number advantage and the power advantage, since they were holding back Serafall and Gabriel with sheer numbers and their chaotic nature, and they were also just less flexible than creatures that were apparently adapting to them.

'This is some bullshit,' he thought, casting more spells as quickly as he could. He was nowhere near done with his set up, but he needed to be quick about it or he'd run out of time. When that happened – when, not if – he'd have to get involved and that would definitely lower their chances of lasting longer. Because sure, he could do a lot, but if he didn't finish creating his own battlezone, then the effect of his spells wouldn't be as good and they might get overwhelmed eventually, especially considering what he was learning about the Grail creations.

He didn't know if he could outgrow them, but he was stalling them some. And if they were pushing against their forces as it was, then he could only imagine how much more dangerous they could get if they were allowed to grow unrestrained. With any luck, his spells would pick up speed and catch up, maybe even push back, but Joshua wasn't holding his breath for that.

Because he was just cursed to run into problems infinitely, it seemed.

'No matter,' he thought, pushing through and covering some attacks at the same time that he placed more spells. A few more and he'd manage the main cluster. Not the end, not even close, but he could do it. 'Just a little more. The other pantheons are on their way,' he told himself, taking in the battlefield as best he could and continuing to cast.

Serafall and Gabriel were taking on more, trying to smack down the aberrations and prevent Euclid from doing much of anything… Especially considering his Grail transformation had finished. Joshua couldn't see what had actually been done to him, there were no outward changes that he could see, but there was very much something wrong there. Especially with the way his power had spiked and was by then all over the place.

His observation was cut short though, as a random twisted dragon roared and threw itself at him rather than flew. The creature surged through the battlefield, making an arch over Cheshire even when the feline shot it with her lightning. Then it charged through Serafall's Ice Magic, barely losing some of its skin and scales and fur. When Gabriel pushed it to the ground with her light, however… it was still not done.

A claw was raised and Joshua was about to dismiss it as a concern. That is, up until the limb grew and then grew and then grew more. In a second or maybe two, the twisted thing had grown bigger than the biggest creature on that field and then it started going down towards Joshua. 'Man, fuck my luck, I guess…' he thought a half resigned and half annoyed expression taking over his face.

With a deep breath in, he prepared himself to summon a succession of shield spells, one after the other, to try and take from the power of the attack. He'd have teleported, but the field was a mess and he needed to keep casting so-

A presence appeared behind him and, less than a second later, a huge creature lunged from behind him and caught the corrupted limb in its maw.

Then he blinked, because that was a gigantic, golden fox and he could see several tails swishing around from the corner of his eyes…

'Yasaka?'


[} Chapter End {]
​

Hey guys! How's it going?

Well, battle is a little all over the place.

Battlefields are a mess, which I'm sure it's no surprise to anyone. The thing is, I'm not happy at all with how I'm writing the battlefield. I don't think I've done anything glaringly wrong, per se, but I do think the messy nature of the entire thing is making things that much worse.

Or I could just be my regular insecure self, I guess…

All the same, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter though.

As always, if you can't wait until next week for the next chapter, or if you just feel like supporting my writing, there's up to three new chapters in my Patreon (linked below).

Random Question: Did you do anything interesting with your weekend? Most I did was giving the last touches to a fully original short story that I've been working on. It's not very complex or anything, but I do want to get it done. It's just a handful of chapters, but most of the trouble comes because I'm trying to also get it done in Spanish, so that my family could read it.

See you.
Media: Discord
Support and early access: You can support my writing and get to read up to three chapters ahead in most of my stuff in my Patreon.
Stories in QQ: Game of Monsters (DxD - Gamer) ; Searching Far and Wide (Pokemon - Insert) ; Darkest Before Dawn (My Hero Academia - OC) ; A Round of Drinks (DC - OC)
Stories and Collabs in FFN: Adrian King1
Collaboration Stories in QQ: Kingdom Fables (Story Collection)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:VoidKing98, Uruguayan spider, Vodoo_Woodpecker and 81 others
Adrian King
Wednesday at 00:08
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
…
7
8
9
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Koyon
 [NSFW] The Problem Solver (Naruto x DxD x Crossover Gamer)
Koyon May 28, 2026 Words: 53k 1 2 3 crossover dimensional travel ecchi
Replies70
Views18K
Monday at 10:42
Akuma-Heika
Akuma-Heika
RinKaihou
 [NSFW] Deep Blue (High School DxD Waifu Catalog)
RinKaihou Jul 20, 2026 Words: 6.9k 1 2 futa protag high school dxd magical girls
Replies43
Views11K
Aug 8, 2026
Dionesia
Dionesia
IdleMuse0307Heliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Who's my half brother now?!! [Bael SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 May 30, 2026 Words: 155k 1 ... 63 64 65 devil devil mc dxd si
Replies2K
Views500K
Today at 13:41
tronax
tronax
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit