Higurashi: Ryu Ga Gotoku-Hen
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/38802495.
Rating:
Archive Warnings:
Fandoms:
Characters:
Additional Tags:

Language:
Stats:

Teen And Up Audiences
Graphic Depictions Of Violence, Major Character Death
Higurashi no Naku Koro ni | Higurashi When They Cry, 龍が如く | Ryuu ga
Gotoku | Yakuza (Video Games)
Kiryu Kazuma, Maebara Keiichi, Ryuuguu Rena, Sonozaki Mion, Sonozaki
Shion, Houjou Satoko, Furude Rika, Majima Goro
Lots of tragedy and angst, but also some fluff, Eventual Happy Ending, it's
higurashi there will be themes of child abuse/bullying/and general horror at the
convention
English
Published: 2022-05-05 Updated: 2026-08-12 Words: 224,096 Chapters: 59/?

Higurashi: Ryu Ga Gotoku-Hen
by Pyro81300
Summary

After the events of Yakuza 0, Kiryu Kazuma thought he'd stay in real estate and out of yakuza
business. However, when Nishiki tells him about how two Tojo Clan members were found brutally
murdered in Hinamizawa and how war might break out with the Sonozaki family, he finds himself
intervening and getting tied up in an eternal June that will push him to his limits. Join Kiryu and the
Higurashi gang as they change each other's destinies, and just maybe... Kiryu can help save a
certain girl from her tragic fate.
(DISCLAIMER: You only need to be familiar with Yakuza 0 and the whole 8 arcs of Higurashi for
this crossover. You probably can still enjoy this fine without knowledge of both, but be wary of
spoilers.)
ARC 1/DRAGON SLAYING ARC NOW COMPLETED!
ARC 2/DEMON'S TEARS ARC NOW COMPLETED!
ARC 3/RED SOUL BLUE FLAME ARC NOW COMPLETED!

Chapter 1: Prologue: An Old Friend &amp; New Foes
Chapter Notes

So, a couple of brief things.
- Timeline wise Kiryu is born 10 years earlier, and the events of Yakuza 0 also take place in
1978. (The timeline is messed up for a reason, but answering why is spoilers.)
- Kiryu is 24 (nearly 25) years old here since it takes place in 1983.
That's it, I hope you enjoy.

“Where would you like to go today, Sir?” The taxi driver asked.
“To Serena, please,” replied Kiryu.
“Very well, Sir. Hop in and we’ll be there shortly.”
Kiryu got into the back of the taxi and closed the door.
The driver had a slightly worried look on his face, as his new passenger reminded him heavily of a
drunk yakuza he picked up a few days ago. They threatened to break a window if he didn’t get to
their destination within five minutes. Attempting to break the awkward silence, the driver gestured
outside the window and stated “Y’know I half expected there to be rain tonight, but it’s an
uncharacteristically beautiful sky tonight in Kamurocho. Do you tend to prefer the rain or a clear
sky, Sir?”
"... I don’t particularly have a preference, but if I had to choose, I guess a clear sky,” replied Kiryu a
bit clumsily, as if the driver had interrupted his thoughts.
“... I see.” Not wanting to potentially upset his new customer, he waited a few minutes and asked
another question changing subjects. “If you don’t mind me asking, what do you do for a living,
Sir?”
“I run a real estate business,” replied Kiryu dryly.
“Aha, I could tell you were quite the successful businessman. I hadn’t expected a CEO though,
much less one of your age. You must have worked quite hard to get to where you are today. How
long have you been working?”
“Almost four-and-a-half years now. I started around January 1979.”
“Really, and in such a short amount of time, too? You must’ve been an incredibly hard worker, sir.”
“Well, … my father actually helped me get into the company. He doesn’t work for them, but you
could say he has connections.” Kiryu said, somewhat embarrassed.

The driver faked a laugh to break the tension saying “Haha, that’s fine, Sir. I don’t judge. We all
have our paths in life.”
The driver decided it was best to change topics quickly. “I believe around the time you started your
career, there was a big scuffle in the world of real estate. There was a small lot of land that
supposedly a bunch of yakuza ended up fighting over. Some inner power struggles within the Tojo
Clan, or at least that’s how the story goes. I remember hearing about it from another customer who
worked in real estate. Now I’m just asking this to satiate my personal curiosity, but would you
happen to know anything about that incident?”
Kiryu smirked a little, and then replied, “Why do you ask? Did you think I was a part of the
yakuza?”
The driver felt alarmed and quickly replied in a raised tone, “N-No, sir! I would never assume
something like that. I just, um, thought you might know since you got into real estate around that
time. Honestly, nothing more than that.”
“Heh, don’t worry. I’m just a civilian. I’ve heard a few minor details that may or may not be true,
but I only know what you and everyone else have heard about it.”
“I… see, Sir. We shall be arriving at your destination shortly,” replied the driver, who was now
slightly less on edge.
Kiryu sat back in his seat and began to reminisce.
He asks if I know about the Empty Lot incident. I was right at the center of it. How could I not
know about it? I still have nightmares about it.
… That’s a part of my past I’d rather leave behind. I still keep in touch with a few friends there, but
my part in the Tojo Clan is long over. I’m just a normal civvy now trying to make an honest living.
It’s funny, though. I wonder what younger me would say to his future self today.
I didn’t think I’d stay at this real estate agency, but Dad insisted that I did. Part of me still wants to
be in the Tojo Clan despite everything that has happened. My experience with the Dojima family
wasn’t exactly a happy one, but it was still a time I cherished. Getting to beat up arrogant punks,
not having a care besides what your next order was, Nishiki and I talking regularly at Serena with
Reina serving us some sake, etc.
Of course, it wasn’t all sunshine and rainbows. The number of times I nearly died during December
of that year…
Kiryu furrowed his brow as his shoulder started to itch remembering vividly getting shot there.
Never mind, why am I even pursuing that line of thought? The whole reason I decided to stay a
civvy was to get away from that. … Yes, even now, part of me still feels I should be in the yakuza. It
was more than just an occupation to me; it was my lifestyle. It was everything I idolized in my
father, though a poor part to idolize it was. I love and respect my father and appreciate everything
he’s done for me… I can also acknowledge he’s not exactly a saint.
It was for the best I committed to an honest living.

I could've gotten to the top of the Tojo, but that would mean joining the corrupt individuals that’d
do anything to achieve power and get what they wanted. I strived to follow the honorable code of
those like Dad and Kuze. I still do to this day, but the civvy life is the best for me now.
Kiryu then winced, recalling a specific memory.
... How long has it been since I thought about Kuze? I can still feel the impact of his punches from
our last fight. He was simultaneously the greatest man I ever met besides my father, and also the
murderer of the one man besides Nishiki I could call a true friend during those times.
If he saw me today, he’d punch my lights out and give a long lecture on how much of a
disappointment I’ve become.
I'm still good in a fight, and it feels like you need to be here in Kamurocho considering how
common they are. I almost never do due to my reputation, but I stay fit.
No way I could beat the boss in a fight these days, though. I was serious when I said I’d rather fight
100 Tojo Clan members than him, and I still stand by that statement. They are few and far between,
but people in this city exist that could take on waves of fighters before becoming exhausted.
Kiryu slightly smiled.
I suppose I did some crazy stuff myself. After that blew over, Nishiki would tease me, saying I could
take on the entire Tojo Clan and not break a sweat. That I was some “superhuman freak of nature”.
I’ve never met my real parents so I couldn’t say if it was genetics or what, but I guess I lucked out
as far as my fighting ability goes. ... Enough about that, though.
Kiryu sighed and noticed they were about to reach Serena.
…I wonder how Nishiki is. It’s been a month or so since we last spoke. I’ve been meaning to get in
contact with him, but life has become all too busy. I'm glad we were able to schedule a meeting
tonight for old times' sake.
“We’ve arrived at our destination, Sir. That’ll be ¥1,280.” stated the taxi driver.
Kiryu fumbled with his wallet for a second, handed the yen to the driver, and got out of the car.
“Have a nice evening, sir!” The driver said, being grateful that nothing bad happened.
“You too.”
The taxi drove off into the glamorously lit streets of Kamurocho Kiryu knew all too well.
Serena, huh? How many times have I been to this bar over the years? 100 times? 500? It might as
well be a second home to me.
Kiryu walked up the stairs and entered Serena.
“Ah, if it isn’t Kiryu, we’ve been expecting you,” said Reina upon seeing Kiryu enter.
Nishiki had been drinking some local sake. He turned around, his face lighting up at the sight of
Kiryu. He energetically said to him, “Yo! Kiryu, I’ve been waiting for you. About time you showed
up. Get into a fight on the way again?”

Heh, as usual, he’s not changed one bit.
“The only fights I get into these days is fighting to find some free time,” replied Kiryu half hiding a
smile.
“Oh please, we both know you still love a fight. You used to look for fights just to waste time.”
Kiryu rolled his eyes and took a seat next to Nishiki.
“Hello Reina, I’ll have the usual,” said Kiryu.
“Of course, I’ll have it ready right away,” replied Reina cheerily.
“You seem cheerful tonight, Kiryu. Usually, you have some frown and serious look plastered on
your face,” teased Nishiki.
“Hey, I do smile every now and then. I have some time off from work for once to see an old friend.
I’d say I’m allowed to be happy.”
“Haha, you’re always so easy to get going. Poor Kiryu, always destined to take even the smallest
things in life so seriously.”
The two chuckled and bantered as they began to catch up with each other.
“How’s Dojima?” inquired Kiryu.
“Oh, you know how he is. Always whining about his glory days, and how he should be the real
chairman instead of Sera.”
“Yeah, that sounds right. How about you and the Tojo Clan?” I know you’re basically the third in
charge in Dad’s family these days.”
“Pretty good. Kashiwagi has even talked about me maybe becoming the head of my own family at
some point.” Nishiki said with confidence.
“Really? Well, congrats! Try not to waste all your money on some ratty suit and you might get that
position,” said Kiryu jokingly.
“Oy oy, that’s usually your thing. It took you becoming the CEO of a company to dress in a decentlooking suit. It’s pretty much all you wear too, don’t you get tired of wearing the same old gray and
red combo? When you said you might wear that suit forever, I assumed you were joking.”
“Heh, I do love it. I have more than just one copy of this shirt and suit. Even I wouldn’t wash and
wear the exact same clothes every day.”
“And yet you’re the only man I know who has that many pairs of the same suit and shirt. I can only
imagine the bizarre look on the cashier’s face as you came in one day just to buy a dozen pairs of
the same suit and shirt.”
Both laughed and continued to drink their sake.
“Ok, Kiryu, be honest with me. Surely, by now, you’re dating someone, right? Don’t tell me the
great Dragon of Dojima is still single?” Nishiki asked mockingly.

Kiryu gave an annoyed look, and in a mildly harsh tone replied, “You know I’ve never been great
with women. I’m… just not sure if I’m ready for a relationship.”
“Haha, you should consider yourself a lucky man. Do you know how many guys would kill to have
what you have? You’re tall, handsome, rich, strong, humble, and kind. what more do I need to list?
You’re the ideal guy for women. The only thing stopping you from getting a girl is yourself.”
“... Look most of that money I just give away to the likes of charity or orphanages. I’m not saying
I’ll never date someone, and I know I’m not getting any younger. Just give me some time.”
Nishiki exaggerated a sigh and said, “He’s a lost cause, I swear.”
The two took a drink as they listened to the somber music playing in Serena.
“Well, if you’re not looking for romance, what else are you planning to do in the future?” asked
Nishiki.
Kiryu stopped drinking for a second and hesitated to answer.
What… do I want to do in the future?
Kiryu let the sake go down his throat and then replied, “Honestly, I’m not sure.”
“Oh really?” Nishiki said, a bit surprised.
“I’ve never been one for long-term planning. I just sort of took it day by day. I only had to think
about my next order when I was in the Tojo Clan. With this job, it did take some getting used to,
but I’m in a routine now.”
Nishiki pondered about what Kiryu said for a moment and then shrugged his shoulders. “Well, I
guess if you wanted to you could retire. You have enough money to probably last you for life.”
… Retire huh? Nah, I do still plan to work, but there is some appeal to the idea. Life is so busy
these days. I wouldn’t mind having the free time.
Even then, where would I retire at? Maybe in Sotenbori? … No, too similar to Kamurocho for my
liking. Hmm, Okinawa is a pretty nice place. Maybe I’d work for a few more years, save up, and
build an orphanage there. How much money would it take though, to keep that running for several
years? I have about five billion yen in the bank, but buying land and then building a whole
orphanage isn’t exactly a cheap goal.
Kiryu stopped his train of thought, as he noticed Nishiki now had a rather serious look on his face.
“Is there something wrong, Nishiki?” asked Kiryu concerned.
Nishiki reacted briefly shocked, realizing Kiryu had noticed his expression and then donned a more
cheerful expression saying, “Oh no, I was just thinking about something.”
Kiryu was still concerned, but he decided to not think about it and took a sip of his sake. There was
still some tension in the air, but out of respect for Nishiki’s privacy, Kiryu decided to not push the
issue if Nishiki wasn’t comfortable sharing.

Suddenly, Nishiki asks Kiryu a bizarre question. “Kiryu… have you ever heard of a small town
named Hinamizawa?”
Hinamizawa? … Is this related to whatever is bothering him?
Before continuing, Nishiki signaled to Reina to leave them alone for a bit as they wanted to talk
privately. While Reina was confused, she quickly realized it must be something important and went
to the back.
“Um, no, I can’t say I have. Why did you bring it up?” asked Kiryu, now genuinely worried.
Nishiki reclaimed the serious face he had earlier and answered Kiryu back. “It’s a small town in the
hills west of Kamurocho. It’s about a five to six hour drive from here. There’s also a more
developed city by the name of Shishibone near it. There’s a Yakuza group by the name of the
Sonozaki Family that runs the area.”
Kiryu relaxed a bit.
Ah, so it’s just some Tojo Clan BS. He’s probably looking to ask me for some advice on how to deal
with it.
“Ah, I assume the Tojo Clan got a bit too greedy and ended up messing around on someone else’s
turf?”
“... Not exactly. There was a man that was born in Hinamizawa that moved to Kamurocho about a
year ago. He took a loan from one of the offices under the Tojo Clan and racked up 3 million yen in
debt. He ended up running away back to Hinamizawa, and of course, two guys were sent to go after
him.”
Poor guy. They probably charged the guy some crazy interest rates to gouge money out of him, and
when he couldn’t pay up, they broke most of his bones. Worst case scenario, he’s sleeping with the
fishes now. These yakuza-run loan shark places are a dime a dozen here in Kamurocho. If I had my
way, I’d teach every one of them a lesson. You can still get money for the family as a yakuza,
without resorting to such underhanded methods.
I know I’m not entirely one to speak. I used to beat up people who owed money if they couldn’t pay
up. That was even how the whole Empty Lot incident started. At the least, though, those people I
beat up were usually scummy and were trying to run away to make a quick buck. I regret beating up
any of the innocent people, but also if you play stupid games expect to win stupid prizes. You don't
mess with the Yakuza.
Nishiki lowered his voice and then whispered, “... Those two never came back.”
They were… murdered? Well, that’s not entirely common upon entering enemy turf, and yakuza, in
general, don’t live long lives.
“... One of them was found to have supposedly killed himself by clawing out his own throat, and
the other was found in a sewer with their guts ripped out and several nails in each hand.”
Kiryu froze unable to comprehend what Nishiki had just told him.
“What… did you just say Nishiki?” Kiryu asked in disbelief.

Nishiki solemnly continued, “The man killed in the sewer was Koji Shindo. Nobody knows what
happened to the runaway, but he’s most likely alive too.”
A chill ran down Kiryu’s spine.
Koji Shindo?! … I don’t know him very well, but I know he was a good friend of Nishiki’s. He was
also extremely gifted at combat and had better instincts than your average man. You’d need to have
a considerably stronger two to three men to deal with him; much more so with him combined with
another capable yakuza.
And you’re telling me he… died… and in such a gruesome way, too? The yakuza aren’t above using
torture. Majima told me once how he spent a year in The Hole. It was some of the worst torture
imaginable.
Even that, though, is nothing compared to this. Something that causes a man to claw out his own
throat? Nailing a man down, and ripping out his inner organs? That’s not just torture; that’s a
scene in a horror movie. For what purpose would they even do such a thing? To set an example?
Not even the cruelest of yakuza would pull a stunt like this, and I refuse to believe the entirety of
this Sonozaki Family is just full of psychopaths.
“It has quite a few higher-ups shaken. Dad said he had never seen anything like it before,” said
Nishiki bluntly.
“What kind of sadistic human would do that, if you could even call them human?”
“I don’t know Kiryu. What we both know is that the Tojo Clan won’t take this sitting down. In
worst case scenario, this could lead to war. I’ve heard rumors Dojima is even seeing this as an
opportunity to maybe reclaim his former glory.”
A rush of emotions swirled through Kiryu’s mind.
They can’t be serious, right? A whole war against a group of country bumpkin yakuza? … No, they
could be serious, but something is missing here.
“Nishiki I understand that this isn’t just something the clan can ignore, but go to war? They
wouldn’t pull as drastic of a move as this, without some other reason.”
Nishiki opened his mouth to begin speaking again, but cut himself off.
Whatever this is, it must be something severe enough to warrant caution only placed towards the
likes of the Omi Alliance.
Nishiki then began to tell a horrifying story. “I don’t know all the details about this, so bear with
me. Supposedly, there’s been a series of deaths in Hinamizawa every year since 1979. It was only
two every year, but the part nobody seems to get is the deaths happening on the same day every
year during a local festival called the Watanagashi. They were all considered accidents, suicides, or
murders, but the constant element within all of them was an air of uncertainty. Each individual case
has been resolved by the police, but they’re not considered a connected series of deaths, despite the
strange… 'coincidence’ of them all happening on the same date.”
Kiryu was utterly speechless.

“It doesn’t take a genius to come to the conclusion the Sonozaki Family is behind the murders, or at
least that’s how the rumors go. There was never enough evidence to say specifically if it was them
or not, but they’re the first culprit that comes to mind. That’s why the Tojo Clan is taking this so
seriously. I’m sure the top brass had heard about these rumors before, but paid them no mind…
until now at least”
The two remained silent for a short while.
Nishiki then interjected: “Ah… ahahaha, sorry Kiryu, I didn’t realize this would mess with you so
much. We always let each other vent our problems to one another, so I figured this would be fine to
talk about. It seems this gave you a bit of a spook, though. Let’s just move on from that topic; we’re
here to have a fun night. No need to rain on our parade with depressing yakuza stories. It’s not
anything you have to worry about anyways, right? … Right, Kiryu?”
Kiryu didn’t respond, still trying to take in what he had just heard.
… Ok, let me get this straight. Some small town in the hills of Japan is also home to a yakuza
group more nefarious than even the Tojo or Omi at their worst. They kill two people every year on
the same day and can get away with there being no evidence of their involvement. They’re also
willing to make an example of two enemy yakuza that enter their turf in an incredibly brutal
fashion.
No, this can’t just be a group of yakuza. There’s something far darker and disturbing behind the
scenes here. Either that or the nature of the yakuza is just getting worse and worse every year.
Honor? Pride? These pricks have none of that. They’re nothing but a bunch of monsters, maybe
even demons masquerading as humans.
… And the Tojo is considering going to war, too? Normally I wouldn’t care about this war. It’s rare,
but usually, this stuff takes care of itself. Dad and Kashiwagi can more than handle themselves, and
Nishiki would probably be left behind to guard Kamurocho. He can also handle himself well, too.
It’s just… if Dojima is serious, this could spell disaster. He might act on his own devices, and use
this as an excuse to use reckless methods. Nishiki and absolutely dad would be sent to the front
lines. I probably shouldn’t worry, but still… I have such a horrid feeling about this. If something
were to happen to dad, Kashiwagi, or… Nishiki…
…
…
…
“Uh Kiryu, you good man?” Nishiki inquired.
The look on Kiryu’s face could only be described as deadly serious. He was gritting his teeth and
was squeezing his fist so hard his sake glass would have easily broken by now, if he was still
holding it. After a minute, Kiryu calmed down and finally answered.
“Let me handle this, Nishiki,” said Kiryu sternly.
“... Pardon me, Kiryu?”

Kiryu now looked Nishiki directly in the eyes with a serious look. “I said let me handle this.”,
repeated Kiryu. Nishiki had not seen Kiryu like this in years, but he all too well knew what it
meant.
Nishiki then, in a low tone growled at Kiryu. “You can’t be serious, Kiryu! I know you tend to be
reckless, but this is idiotic even for you. You’re the strongest man I know, but not even you can
handle this alone. You got out of the Empty Lot incident. You now have a life some would kill for.
You did all this to get away from the yakuza, and now you just want to jump right back into hellfire
and throw it all away? No, not on my watch.”
“Please Nishiki, hear me out. Think about it. I’m a civilian with deep ties to the Tojo that barely
anyone is aware of. I have an excuse/cover in wanting to retire somewhere as some rich CEO, that
has more than enough cash as proof. I can go undercover, and provide details to you or someone
else in the Tojo. I could maybe even get a job there, and gain the favor of the community. I can-”
“Stop, Kiryu,” Nishiki interrupted. “I full well know you’re not the type to concoct some hairbrained spy plot to figure out the truth behind a crime. You’re not a superhero; you’re just my
friend. If this is you worrying about me and dad, well, I appreciate the gesture. However, this isn’t
your battle. I know I couldn’t stop you with force even if I wanted to, but I sure can do everything
in my power to convince you not to pursue this as both my sworn brother and best friend. I also
know there’s more to this than you’re letting on.”
Kiryu lowered his head briefly in rejection but then raised it more determined than before.
“Nishiki I can’t really explain it, but deep down in my gut I know if I don’t get involved in this,
something terrible will happen. Maybe it is crazy to say this goes beyond even what the Tojo is
capable of dealing with, but that’s how I feel now. You’re right, it’s also insane to want to get
involved with this. You know what, though? I’d be lying if I said I didn’t have to convince myself
every day it was the right choice to leave the yakuza. It wasn’t just my occupation Nishiki, it was
my life. My very being, the core of who I was as a person. The least I can do is repay everything
dad and you have given me, and help you both with this. I can do all of this, while still being just a
civvy. I promise I’m not going to get killed. I refuse to die until I uncover the truth behind this. Yes,
part of it is wanting to protect you and dad, but I can’t just ignore this. Please Nishiki, I beg you.
Let me help with this.”
Silence enveloped the two. Time itself seemed to stop as the two looked at each other with equally
resolute wills. Nishiki eventually sighed and took a sip of his sake.
“Kiryu, I swear man. Why are you always like this? I know it’s what makes you… you, but you
really are your own worst enemy.”
Kiryu let Nishiki take a few minutes to figure out how to answer him.
… Ok fine, I’ll help you. I can’t stop you when you get like this. However, if you’re set on this,
you’d best 100% commit to it. Get someone to look after your company, pack whatever you need,
do whatever you have to do. Just make sure you’re ready. I’ll talk to dad, and he’ll put a good word
in. He’ll be disappointed, but also he knows how you are. He’ll understand.”
Kiryu smiled and thanked him. “I’m grateful, Nishiki.”
“However!” Nishiki hissed with a grim face. “You’d best not get into any serious trouble. If you do,
I’ll personally drive up to Hinamizawa and beat you up so badly you’d wish you were never born!

Promise me brother to brother, you’ll be safe.”
Kiryu, still with a smile on his face affirmed, “Of course, I wouldn’t have it any other way. I
promise Nishiki. I’ll be ok.”

~~~~

And thus began a new, unexpected tale for the Dragon of Dojima. A boy who just wanted to seek
redemption. A girl divorced from happiness. The daughter of an infamous family, and the cruel
birthright she carried. Her sister, a victim of heartbreak. A young girl, who just wanted to have a
happy family. And a girl and goddess dedicated to fighting against fate no matter how long it may
take to change. A cruel, nigh endless river of tragedy awaited. An absurdly cruel tale. And yet,
nothing was set in stone. How would the arrival of the Dragon change these people, and how would
they change him? Only time would tell.

Chapter 2: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 1: Arrival of the Dragon
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It’s the middle of July 1983. The cicadas raised their harmonious cry waking Kiryu from slumber.
Ugh, I never thought some noisy bugs would become my alarm clock, but life is just full of
surprises.
Kiryu got out of bed and got ready for his continued new life in Hinamizawa.
Man, it’s been about three and a half weeks since I talked to Nishiki that night at Serena and about
two weeks since I’ve been in Hinamizawa. Damn, a lot has happened since then.
Kiryu thought about everything that had happened since then as he showered.
Nishiki kept his word and talked to their Dad about it the next day. Kiryu knew considering he got
one pissed-off call from him on the phone later that day. He told him what he had said to Nishiki,
and then some. Once Kiryu had made his case, his father sighed and said he’d bring it up with
those at the top.
I'm still a little surprised they so readily approved me doing this. I know I got the moniker of
'Dragon of Dojima' from my times during the Empty Lot Incident, but it feels weird to have so much
clout all these years later. Is this why so many punks try to fight me? Do they hear about the rumors
of 'The Dragon'? Ugh, I honestly wish I never got that name. It's so tiring.
Secretly, Kiryu did like its relation to the dragon tattoo on his back. Back tattoos are considered
sacred by the yakuza. Each one tells a special story about the fate of the one who bears it. The
silver dragon on Kiryu's back represented a brave, ferocious protector, but also one pure of heart.
Nishiki, however, held a koi tattoo. To Kiryu, this represented Nishiki's unending ambition and how
he'd become a legend in his own right someday. He may be a civilian, but that tattoo was a part of
his very essence.
Kiryu's 'mission' was to collect as much intel as possible on Hinimazawa and the Sonozaki Family,
while also keeping any relations with the Tojo a secret.
Things had gone rather smoothly so far. Kiryu was having Marina be the temporary CEO in my
absence, and she was able to easily help him find a house in Hinamizawa to rent. He had a cover
story in which he was a young, rich CEO, who’s come to Hinamizawa looking to potentially move
there. His father suggested he also got a job in town quickly, preferably one that helped the
community to solidify a good reputation here. Lucky for him, he found an ideal job.
Kiryu was now the P.E. teacher at Hinamizawa Branch School and also helped assist the teacher
there in class if need be. He had always had a soft spot for kids, and figured this would be a perfect
job for him.
As Kiryu got out of the shower and began to dry off, he recalled how he acquired his new
profession.

It's still insane to me how I got this job.
After a long drive and moving into the house Kiryu rented, he decided to tour the town and see
what info he could gather. On his walk around the village, he happened to run into the teacher of
the school named Chie. He introduced himself, explained how he was new, and inquired about any
careers around here. Her eyes lit up, and she said to follow her. She then led him to the local
school. He had a nice chat with the principal, and before Kiryu knew it, he got the job.
It's a little wild to think I'm the only teacher besides Chie. I haven't been to school for years, but
assuredly most don't have only two teachers and one principal.
In the school, there was only one classroom where all grades are taught and a few other rooms that
consist of a medical room and a faculty office. If the teacher isn’t available, the older kids would
help the younger ones with their studies.
I wish I had a teacher like Chie growing up. She’s a caring but strict woman, who’s excellent at
teaching a variety of subjects to the students. She truly cares for all the kids, and is probably the
type of woman Nishiki would try to hook me up with on a blind date. I will also say I’ve never met
someone so passionate about curry before, … it’s a bit scary actually how devoted she is to it. I'll
never forget the look on her face when she once offered some curry to me, and I politely declined.
The principal, however, was a man after Kiryu's own heart.
His name was Kaieda. He was a master of martial arts and became an educator after seeing the
corrupted education system of post-war Japan. Upon asking about Kiryu's qualifications to be a P.E.
teacher, he brought up my knowledge of various martial arts. Never before had Kiryu seen a man's
eyes light up so quickly before. He asked Kiryu to come behind the school, threw off his suit and
shirt, and challenged him to a sparring duel right then and there.
I’ve fought hundreds of men before, but that man was a martial artist in every meaning of the
word. Rarely, have I fought someone so elegant and disciplined in their fighting style as Kaieda.
Our match only lasted five minutes, but it felt like a battle for the ages.
They were nearly equals, and it was only through some original techniques of Kiryu's that he was
able to get the upper hand in the end. After being defeated, Kaieda stood up and simultaneously
shook Kiryu's hand, and gave him a pat on the back. He exclaimed to Kiryu, “You got the job!”,
and that was that.
Kiryu chuckled to himself at the memory and began to get dressed.
I swear he's almost as crazy as Majima.
Now for the last two weeks, Kiryu had been incorporating his knowledge of martial arts into
making a P.E. curriculum for the kids. Also, while not a part of the job description, he did try to
help Chie by assisting the younger kids with their studies. He was never the best at school and
consider himself more “street-smart” than “book-smart”, but was still able to at least help the
elementary and middle school kids, while Chie focused on the older kids.
Kiryu now ready to go, left the house, locked the door, and started heading for the school.
As for Hinamizawa, it was a surprisingly nice place to Kiryu. About 2,000 people lived there, and it
was similar to most rural Japanese towns he had been in. He was warned that this village didn't take

kindly to outsiders, but the people had been very welcoming. He suspected that it was just because
he was rich, and that perhaps they only saw him as a way to bring money to the village. He did like
to see the best in people, however, so he took their kindness as genuine. Of course, he also did his
best to not arouse any suspicion and figured staying on good terms with everyone was the best
idea.
Kiryu had also learned there was a local religion here based on past records and legends. There was
some kind of guardian spirit of Hinamizawa by the name of “Oyashiro”. The younger crowd
seemed to mostly ignore this religion, but the elders feverishly worshiped this figure. There was an
ancient shrine built for Oyashiro, and it was forbidden for anyone but the shrine maiden to go
inside. Kiryu could see it in the distance as he walked.
I’m not trying to get on the bad side of these people, so I’ve avoided even being around that shrine.
It gives me the creeps, anyway.
Kiryu sighed and put his hands in his pockets.
Unfortunately, that’s about all the progress Kiryu had made so far. It was enough to hold over the
Tojo for now, but he know they’d be barking for more info eventually. Kiryu could feel a headache
possibly forming and held his head.
I’ve been regularly keeping in touch with Nishiki, and updating him on anything I’ve found. It's just
I've yet to actually ask anyone about the two yakuza found here, but I might have to start becoming
a bit more direct in how I pursue information here.
Kiryu could fight all day, but Nishiki was correct. Information gathering was not his strong suit. It
wasn't all bad, though. He had one saving grace in the form of his very students. Kids weren’t the
smartest. Younger kids especially were loose-lipped and were very trustworthy of people in
positions of authority. While fairly roundabout, it was the safest option Kiryu thought he had at the
moment.
While I feel a bit bad about manipulating them, I’m hoping to build trust with the kids and
eventually ask them some direct questions… assuming they even know the answers to anything.
Kiryu shrugged his shoulders and continued down the trail at his own pace.
His efforts had thankfully borne fruit. In his two weeks of being here, five students had stood out to
him.
First, there was Keiichi Maebara. A young man full of passion and charisma. He had only been
here a little longer than Kiryu had, but he bonded quickly with the rest of the class. Despite not
knowing him for long, Kiryu could tell he had a bright future ahead of him.
I’m sure he’ll grow up to be a very successful man. He seems to come from a rather rich family too,
but I’ve never heard him even mention it once. That humbleness will also take him far in life. He
can be a bit reckless, hotheaded, and even perverted at times, but… what boy his age isn’t? Let’s
just hope if he has any “dirty magazines”, he doesn’t hide them under his bed as I did…
Next, there was Rena Ryuuguu, who... well, Kiryu wasn't quite sure what to make of her. She was a
rather eccentric, but still kind, young girl. She was just as full of energy as Keiichi and got along
with everyone. She had been there for over a year but acted like she had lived there her whole life.
Her actual name was “Reina”, which made Kiryu do a double-take the first time he heard. He

wasn't sure if Rena was just a nickname or what she told everyone to call her, but either way,
Nishiki got a kick out of that the first time he told him.
Her personality was… “quirky” for lack of better words. She was utterly obsessed with cute things.
To the point, she regularly collected and took home cute things of all sorts… including young girls.
Or at the least she pretended to. Kiryu couldn't figure out if it was some inside joke, or just Rena
being Rena.
Kiryu rolled his eyes at the thought.
She's such a dorky girl. It might as well be her catchphrase to say, “I’m going to take you home!”
in a high, squeaky voice. I’d find it adorable if she didn’t seem so extremely passionate about it. If
kidnappings ever happen in this town, there’s already a primary suspect.
There was a dumping site on the outskirts of Hinamizawa that she'd sometimes go to for “treasure
hunting”. Since Kiryu's house was rather close to hers and he sometimes ended up walking home
with the kids, she once asked him to help her get this statute of some colonel out of the dump. Her
reasoning? Because it was “extremely cute”. Odd perhaps, but nothing exactly new for Kiryu.
Bizarre taste, but also who am I to judge? I’ve helped people with way weirder stuff before.
Perhaps the thing about her that confused Kiryu the most was her “Kyute Mode”. As ridiculous as
it sounds, if overwhelmed by a certain level of cuteness, she becomes something akin to a character
out of a gag manga. Physics do not apply to her in this state, and she becomes capable of nearsuperhuman feats. If she wants something in Kyute Mode, there is a solid 90% chance she’ll get it.
One of the younger girls, in particular, had even learned to manipulate it to have Rena "punish"
people for teasing her. Kiryu once was lecturing said girl on something and she cried to Rena.
Before he knew it, Kiryu had the wind knocked out of him by a lightning-fast punch by Rena.
Similar incidents have been enough to knock the likes of Keiichi and others on the floor before they
could even realize what happened. It was unexplainable and surely impossible, but Kiryu had seen
it first-hand. He feared what she could do if she actually honed her strength.
Despite her eccentricities, Kiryu had grown fond of the girl.
I’ve observed her to be a compassionate and helpful young girl. She’s way sharper and smarter
than she lets on. I could see her working as a detective or with the police one day. The point being,
that there’s considerably more to her than meets the eye, but I don’t think she’s hiding anything bad.
We all have our secrets, and she’s an excellent student to have.
As for the girl that easily manipulated Rena, her name was Satoko Hojo. She was a little turd, but
in a very endearing way. On Kiryu's first day, he was greeted by a dusty eraser on the head. He
would have avoided it if he had my guard up, but he wasn’t exactly expecting to be pranked at his
job of all places. She was a devious little girl, always up to mischief or making traps.
It was never actually out of any ill will. It was just her way of playing around. It became almost a
game to Kiryu to try and remain one step ahead of her as she tried to get him. Poor Keiichi tended
to get the short stick and falls for the pranks, but Kiryu was wise enough to avoid them.
Kiryu contemplated how similar she was to an old friend.

… Thinking about it, she reminds me of Majima in some ways. We’d both play a similar “game”
back in Kamurocho. Nothing of my liking or consent, but he’d always come up with the most insane
plans to get me to fight him. I’m not sure if it was just his weird way of making sure I stayed a good
fighter or what, but I could never get a read on his true intentions. Absolute enigma, that man. In
comparison, dealing with Satoko is a breeze.
Kiryu did actually like Majima, even with his unique behavior. Their relationship was so odd and
unorthodox, that one might hesitate to even call them acquaintances, much less friends. Though, if
one knew Majima well enough and looked past the character/persona he puts on, one could tell he
cared for Kiryu deep down in his… own special way.
There was also one key thing that tied Kiryu and Satoko together. They were both orphaned, and
Kiryu was initially shocked when he first heard it. All he knew is that both her parents died when
she was young and that she was not really close to anyone except for Keiichi, Rena, and a couple
other friends. Ever since finding out, he went out of his way to be a little nicer to her than everyone
else. Of course, Kiryu valued all his students and would do anything to protect them. But even
Kiryu Kazuma can't be 100% unbiased in how he treats his students, and he felt somewhat
protective of Satoko.
I'd best double and triple-check the classroom door. She seems to love pranking her victims at that
spot.
The next student Kiryu had taken notice of would be Rika Furude. She was an orphan too, but it
didn't seem like it if only because every elder in the village treated her like she was their own
grandchild. While Kiryu did feel bad for her, she seemed to be faring much better overall. She was
the current shrine maiden, and her family seemed to have a long history with the religion there. The
elderly really loved to worship and spoil her heavily. She might as well have been the mascot of the
village. Some even said she was the “reincarnation of Oyashiro”, but the meaning of that phrase
was lost on Kiryu.
She acted like your typical young girl. Very polite and reserved, and had a habit of saying “Mii” or
“Nipah~” in the most adorable voice. She didn't say much, but was often kind and encouraging to
others. She also would head-pat her fellow students under stress in an attempt to comfort them, …
at least that's what Kiryu thought she was doing. Sometimes, it looked more like she was doing it to
mock them. It was hard to get a good read on her, but Kiryu could tell there was more to her than
met the eye. He just wasn't sure exactly what made her seem "special".
The final student would be the most important of these five. Mion Sonozaki, the heir of the
Sonozaki Family. A fact Kiryu only by chance overheard via eavesdropping. She certainly didn't
act like the heir to a major Yakuza syndicate, though. The only real comparison Kiryu could make
was when he took care of young Daigo Dojima. Daigo was a good kid most of the time, but he
would abuse his family name here and there which would always get a lecture from Kiryu in
response.
In comparison, Mion never really talked about her family. She was a huge jokester and tomboy.
Full of energy and vigor, she lived every day to the fullest. She was the Class Representative but
didn't seem to take her position too seriously. She constantly referred to herself as “an old man”,
and regularly teased and bantered with her classmates.
Kiryu sighed as for all the connections he had made and wonderful people he had met, he had
barely made anything resembling progress on his mission. Being cautious could only take him so

far, and he needed to maybe start taking a few risks.
Mion is absolutely the best source if I want to figure out more about the Sonozaki Family. The only
way to do that is to build trust with her and the community, and hopefully, I’ll have my lucky break
soon. If not... I'm not sure what I'm going to do.
~~~~
“ Good morning, Kiryu!” An older lady said as Kiryu passed her. She was tending to her garden.
“Good morning miss! ” responded Kiryu enthusiastically.
It’s nice to be able to take a casual stride this early. I’m still learning the names of people here, but
it’s nice to have the neighbors say hello to you in the morning. In Kamurocho, I’d have to rush out
every morning and stay on a tight schedule. If you tried saying hello to your neighbors there, you'd
just get a dirty look...
Kiryu approached the school covered in a warm, vibrant orange light from the sunrise. It looked
peaceful, like a scene from a famous painting. He was always the first to the school before even
Kaieda, who would eventually join him after a few minutes.
“Ah Good morning Kiryu, ready for another day?” Kaieda asked bubbly.
“Of course, sir.”
“Oy, come now, didn’t I say drop the formalities? We’re brothers in combat and now co-workers
Kiryu, just call me Kaieda, please.”
“Haha, if you insist Kaieda.”
~~~~
It’s now around midday. It was time for Kiryu to start P.E. class. He sat down on a bench outside
the school wondering what he should teach the kids today.
Let me think... I’ve just been teaching the kids your regular P.E. stuff, but Kaieda suggested I
actually start teaching the kids self-defense techniques starting today. While I’m not against the
idea, I’m not entirely sure where to start. It’s easy enough to teach kids to exercise, but teaching
them straight-up martial arts is a bit trickier.
I don't want them to end up hurting each other, but Kaieda seems to have faith in my ability to
handle it.
A slight smile crossed Kiryu's face.
Heh, I guess old man Bacchus would be proud of me. Passing on his teachings to the next
generation. Wait, yeah… this shouldn’t be hard at all. I’ll just follow in his footsteps, and teach my
students how he taught me. Which one do I choose though? A lot of his techniques are rather
violent for kids to learn, and I’m more focused on moves that could help a kid run away from
potential danger than staying in it.
Hmm… oh yeah, there’s the counter hook! It’s relatively simple to do, and even a kid should be able
to pull it off… I think. Well, only one way to find out.

The only problem is that it’s best shown vs an actual target. I’m sure Kaieda wouldn’t mind helping
out, but should I really involve him? Maybe I should choose another technique unless… what if I
was the punching bag?
An idea then struck Kiryu.
... That could work. Nothing should go wrong. I mean, if I couldn't take a punch like that Nishiki
would never let me live it down.
The kids then started coming out into the back of the school now changed and ready for P.E.
“Well, I guess it’s now or never,” Kiryu mumbled to himself.
“Good afternoon, class!” Kiryu said loudly to garner their attention.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Kiryu!” The class respectfully replied.
Mr. Kiryu ... don’t make me feel old. I’m only 24. I’m not even a decade older than the oldest
students here. I know it’s just them being respectful and I heard it all the time at work, but it’s
different when a bunch of kids calls you that...
“Today class, I’m going to be teaching you something completely new. It’ll be your first lesson in
self-defense.
The students' eyes widened, and some breathed in deeply in excitement.
“Hey Teach, is this going to be like those cool moves kung-fu masters do in those old movies?”
Keiichi asked excitedly.
“Ahahaha, please Kei. You’d probably just hurt yourself trying to do those. This old man has seen
her fair share of combat, and knows how easily you’d be defeated,” bantered Mion.
“Oy, watch it, Mion. If you’re not careful, I’ll have to unleash my special technique on you. Passed
down for generations through the Maebara family, you’ll never see it coming.”
“Fufufu, for shame Keiichi Maebara. You’ve greatly underestimated me. That’s no match for the
legendary ‘Kick in the Balls’ technique.”
“H-Hey, that would be cheating!” Kei nervously proclaimed.
“Ahaha, go-go Mii. Defeat the great Keiichi Maebara,” cheered Rena.
“Please do unleash your technique, Mion. It would be a pleasure to witness,” chimed in Satoko.
Kiryu chuckled at the absurdity of the whole situation. “No, nothing like that, Keiichi. It’s a simple,
but incredibly effective move to beat opponents. Watch my movements, as I show you how to do
the technique.”
Kiryu then took a fighting stance and performed the counter hook. The students could only stare in
awe at what they just witnessed.
“What was that?!” Keiichi exclaimed.

Kiryu smirked confidently. “What you just saw is known as the Counter Hook. It’s a clean, quick
hook to the solar plexus to knock the wind out of your opponents. If done quickly and powerful
enough, you might even be able to K.O. your opponent. Of course, remember, the goal here isn’t to
win a fight. It’s to deliver a clean blow and get away from someone trying to put you in danger. Just
seeing it isn’t enough though, so I’ll have one of you perform it on me for maximum effect. May I
please have Rena come up?”
Every student gasped and looked at Rena in confusion, only for Rena herself to be the most
confused and a tad embarrassed.
“W-Wuh me, Mr. Kiryu? A-Are you sure?” Rena stuttered.
“Don’t worry, I know none of you are proper fighters or even remotely trained. However, you in
particular Rena do have a special… ability that makes you stand out, among others. Just come up
here, and I’ll tell you what to do.”
Rena still a bit befuddled, walked towards Kiryu.
Once close to him, Kiryu quickly whispers into Rena’s ear: “Ok, look, let’s just say your 'Kyute
mode' is incredibly strong for reasons I can’t understand. If my idea is correct, despite never having
practiced this technique, you should be able to do it flawlessly under the right circumstances. I
want you to imagine both Satoko and Rika in incredibly cute outfits, and that I’m taking them away
from you.”
Rena was speechless but was more than willing to indulge in the ridiculous fantasy.
This is quite possibly the dumbest way to teach martial arts but screw it. If it works, it works.
A pair of puffs whistled out of Rena’s ears as her face blushed.
“H-Hauuuuu! No, Mr. Kiryu, you can’t take Rena and Satoko home. I’m gonna take them home!”
proclaimed Rena now lost to the void of cuteness she had become engulfed in.
Should I maybe put up a defensive stance if this actually works? I mean, it probably won’t hurt that
bad, but justKiryu couldn’t even finish that thought, as Rena performed a counter hook as powerful, fast, and
disciplined as Kiryu had done before. Kiryu bent over and fell to one knee from the sheer amount
of pain resulting from the blow.
The kids gasped in shock. Rena snapped out of her trance, and cried out, “Oh no, I’m so sorry, Mr.
Kiryu! Are you okay?!”
Kiryu forced himself to look up at Rena and gave her a shaky smile. “Yeah, I’m fine. I’m just
acting as if it hurt badly, to show what would happen if you used it on an opponent. For a beginner,
you already are quite good. I’m sure you could be a top fighter if you applied yourself.”
“Ah…ahaha! Who knew I had talent?” Rena replied not fully buying his act, but figured he must be
fine if he could still talk calmly.
The kids then began to clap and cheer on Rena for her efforts.
“Mii… Who knew Rena was such a good fighter? Rika said quietly.

“Ohoho, I knew Rena was strong, but now she’s on a whole other level. Keiichi, you’d best be
careful from now on. I’d hate to sick a Rena with that move on you,” gloated Satoko.
“Y-You’d best not Satoko. I’ll die if I get hit by that!” Keiichi yelled.
“Are you sure you’re ok, Mr. Kiryu? You’re still bent over on one knee,” Mion pointed out.
“Yes, I’m just stretching a little Mion,” Kiryu lied.
As if I’m ok! Why on earth does a teenage girl from a random rural town punch harder than any
other man I’ve ever fought?! She not only did the technique but did it perfectly after seeing it
once?! I half expected this to happen, it's just... I’m not even mad; it’s just perplexing to me. How
can one girl hold that much power in that tiny frame of hers? Some people wonder what we
should’ve done to win the war. I say just throw this girl out there, she could take on a whole army.
Enough time had passed that Kiryu could stand the pain, and he now stood up.
“Anyways for the remainder of class, I want you to practice that move. Make sure to keep adequate
spacing between each other, and, most importantly, don’t do that move on your fellow students.
Even a poorly executed counter hook can still hurt a lot. If you have any questions on how to
perform the move, feel free to ask me. I’ll walk you through the steps. Do you understand class?”
“Yes sir, Mr. Kiryu!” the class replied as they started to separate and practice the move.
Kiryu then looked up at the sky, still slightly reeling from the pain.
Bacchus you once said to me, “You've got a punch like a two-ton gorilla”. I now know what it feels
like to be in your position. I’m now stuck with a girl that has the punch of a 6-ton rhino…
I think I’m gonna let Kaieda handle the live demonstrations from now on. Either Hinamizawa is the
breeding ground for the strongest warriors known to man, or that Rena girl is one heck of an
outlier…
~~~~
The school day had ended, and after saying goodbye to Chie, Kaieda, and his students Kiryu
headed home. He decided he'd take a longer route home today. The nature here in Hinamizawa was
truly beautiful. He figured he might as well take advantage of his time there, and enjoy the sights.
On his way home, Kiryu spotted a man that looked to be in his thirties wearing glasses and taking
photos of nature.
I don’t believe I’ve met this man before.
“Good evening,” said Kiryu to the man. “Enjoying the natural beauty of this place?”
The man looked up a bit surprised, but then smiled and replied, “Haha, I’m just taking photos of
some of the native birds here. It’s a hobby of mine.”
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but I don’t believe we’ve met before,” said Kiryu. “I recently moved
here, so I’m still trying to get familiar with the community here. My name is Kiryu Kazuma, but
you can just call me Kiryu.”

Kiryu bowed slightly, and the man does the same. “My name is Jirou Tomitake. Nice to meet you.”
“By the way, I should clarify something. I’m not a resident here. I’m just a photographer from
Tokyo that comes up here a few times a year to take photos of the rare wildlife here.”
Kiryu’s eyebrows raised a bit, now intrigued. “Really? I’m from the Kamurocho area. I’m the CEO
of a real estate company there, so if you ever need help moving, I’m the man for the job.”
“Woah, that’s impressive. Hinamizawa rarely gets any newcomers. The vast majority of the
population here are descendants of those that have lived here for centuries. Between you and the
Maebara family, Hinamizawa has unexpectedly gotten some extremely successful people moving
here.”
“Well, I don’t consider myself anything too special. I’m mostly where I am now because of my
dad. Not to say I don’t work hard for my company, but I try to keep my ego in check,” Kiryu said
humbly.
“I see. Sorry to disappoint you, but I’m not from the Kamurocho region. It seems like a nice place,
but it’s a little too… rough for my liking,” Jirou said awkwardly.
Kiryu smirked. “I completely understand. There are a lot of delinquents and yakuza in that region.
It’s definitely not for everyone.”
Wait a second… this man is an outsider just like me. He’s come here presumably over the years, so
he should have some knowledge of this place. More specifically… he might just have the knowledge
I’m after.
“Um, I know this is sudden, but would you mind if I asked a couple of questions about the history
of this town? I was afraid to ask any of the residents here, as it's most likely something personal to
the folks here and would be rude to bring up.”
Jirou’s smile fell a bit, and he looked slightly concerned. “Um… sure, I don’t see why not.”
Dammit, I should probably make up something here, or he’ll for sure suspect something is off with
me. The last thing I need is unpleasant rumors about me to spread in this community.
“Er, sorry, I didn’t mean to cause you alarm. It’s just a hobby of mine to be interested in mysteries
and true crime. I’m sure you’ve seen those yakuza crime dramas in theaters before. I love stuff like
that."
“Ah, I see,” replied Jirou, the tension draining from his face.
Kiryu took a quick look around just to make sure no one is watching them, before he bluntly asked,
“Do you… happen to know anything about the series of murders here in Hinamizawa that happens
every year on the Watanagashi?”
Jirou’s eyes slightly widened, but then he returned to his previous smile. “Haha, well, I guess it’d
make sense you’d be wondering about that being new here and all. I’m surprised you know about
them, though. The people here try to keep information on that quiet, as it drives off other people
from coming here.”

Kiryu sweat a bit and made up an excuse. “I overheard a few elders talking about it. I didn't mean
to eavesdrop, but it was a bit of a shock to hear. I’ve been wondering about it ever since, but I
haven’t had a chance to ask anyone.”
“Well, to answer your question... have you heard of the Hinamizawa Dam Project?”
“I can’t say I have.”
“Hmm, are you at least familiar with Oyashiro? It’s considered a guardian spirit here.”
“Yes, vaguely.”
Jirou then motioned for Kiryu to come a bit closer. He lowered his voice and started to tell a
morbid tale. “Back in the late 70s, the government issued a plan to start building a dam. The major
downside being Hinamizawa would be flooded, and all the residents would have to move to a
different place. Like I said before, the people have lived on this land for centuries. They’re fiercely
loyal to the land and united together to oppose the dam project. While they managed to get a lot of
support through religious and charity organizations, some say there was some illegal activity going
on.”
… I have a bad feeling about where this is going.
“Putting up roadblocks, ruining construction machines by putting sugar in gas tanks, harassing or
threatening workers, you name it. They were ruthless in doing whatever it took to drive off the
construction workers. The police had an especially hard time dealing with it, as Hinamizawa isn’t
just your average town. You mess with one member of Hinamizawa; you mess with everyone. They
were smart and made up alibis for each other as needed, so even if they were identified and caught
they’d be fine. Several people got arrested, only to be back in Hinamizawa maybe a week later.”
Jirou himself took a look around, and then in a barely audible whisper continued, “There’s even a
rumor they kidnapped the Minister of Construction's son for ransom. At the least, he was gone for
almost a week and then found in the mountains near Hinamizawa. That was enough to finally halt
construction on the dam.”
Kiryu was mildly shocked, but wore a stern gaze.
While not the same as the sort of stuff the Tojo has done, it’s pretty similarly bad. Standard yakuza
behavior. However, to kidnap the son of a minister? I don't know if even the Tojo could get away
with that.
“However, the final nail in the coffin for this project would be the death of the Construction
Manager. It didn’t start as murder, but a fight broke out between the workers and the manager. He
ended up being killed, and his corpse was dismembered into six pieces.”
Kiryu looked as if he had seen a ghost.
… The workers… did what?
“It seems the plan was to divide up the body parts between six people so that the body could be
more easily hidden and the six swore each other to secrecy lest they be caught. However, one of the
workers that night went to the hospital for his injuries and out of guilt confessed to his crime. From

that, they were able to capture five of the six criminals; but one carrying the right arm of the victim
was never caught.”
A disturbing, but effective plan. Would be standard procedure in the Tojo.
“That’s not the strangest part, though. It’s not just that he was never caught; he straight-up
disappeared”
“... Wait, what do you mean? They never found him?”
“I mean, they really never found him. During the whole dam project, Oyashiro was the symbol of
hope and rebellion against the project the town used to rally each other into action. Belief had been
waning in the figure over the years, but this heavily revitalized belief in Oyashiro and again united
Hinamizawa. Some say that the missing criminal being ‘demoned away’, and that the Construction
Manager dying were both as a result of ‘Oyashiro’s curse.’”
Kiryu at this point was considerably disturbed.
Demoned away?! What the hell is that supposed to mean? People don’t just disappear for
supernatural reasons. The truth is that they really couldn’t find his body, or more likely is that it
was the doing of the Sonozaki family. Why would they want to silence him specifically, despite the
other five being caught? I don’t know, but it could be for a multitude of reasons. It’s been
established these people don’t run on common sense.
Kiryu then promptly asked, “Jirou, what is “demoned away” supposed to-”
Before Kiryu could finish, Jirou interrupted him now with a friendly expression. “Ah, I’m sorry,
Kiryu. That’s the extent of my knowledge. I’m only really familiar with those first deaths. I can say
that the deaths each year past that are considered a part of Oyashiro’s curse as well, but that’s about
it. I do have a good… friend that’s fairly knowledgeable about the history of Hinamizawa and the
murder cases, but she’s not with me as you can see, haha.”
Kiryu looked a little displeased but then remembered the other question he had in mind. “That’s
fine, but I did have one other question. Have you heard anything about two yakuza from the Tojo
Clan that came up here to Hinamizawa, and were eventually found murdered?”
It was Jirou’s turn now to be befuddled. “N-No, did that happen recently?”
“Yeah, I happened to hear about it one night on the news. Normally yakuza dying on enemy turf
isn’t uncommon, but it was more the state of their corpses that was so shocking. I’ll, uh, spare you
the details. I assume you’ll be eating dinner soon and I’d hate for you to lose your appetite.”
The color left Jirou’s face as he thought about what could’ve happened. “I’m… grateful. It’s
probably nothing I need to know anyways,” Jirou replied with a nervous smile.
Kiryu felt something was a little off, and he felt it necessary to ask Jirou one last question. “I
appreciate the in-depth recalling of the events, but I’m a little surprised you indulged so much info
to someone you just met. Not to offend you, it just sets off the skeptic in me.”
Jirou let out a chuckle. “Haha, well, in some ways you remind me of myself when I was younger. I
wasn’t too much older than you are now when these events happened, and they’ve stuck with me. I

just feel like I’m doing a favor for a fellow outsider and Tokyo resident. I mean, you also said you
were such a fan of mystery and drama, I figured you’d want the full story.”
“Ah… ah yes, I did say that,” Kiryu said embarrassed, realizing it was a somewhat dumb question
considering the lie he told. “You’re right, though. That was an extremely interesting story. Thank
you. Would you mind if I bought you some drinks sometime to repay the favor?”
“Oh wow, I wasn’t expecting anything in return, but I’ll certainly take you up on that offer at some
point.”
Orange light shined through the trees as both men realized the sun had started to set.
“Shoot, I’d best get back to my hotel before it gets dark,” said JIrou. “It was nice meeting and
talking to you, Kiryu. I wish you success in your new life here in Hinamizawa. Also, despite what I
said, you shouldn’t be afraid of anything. There’s certainly no curse, and just because it happened
previously doesn’t mean something will happen again at this year’s Watanagashi. The people here
are quite friendly, just uh… make sure you don’t bring up what we talked about here. Have a nice
night, Kiryu!”
“Um… you too! I hope you get some nice pictures of the birds here and enjoy yourself.”
Kiryu stood there, still mildly dazed from everything he’d just heard. Jirou waved and then walked
down the path. As Jirou left Kiryu’s sight, he finally noticed that the cicadas had been eerily quiet
for the whole conversation. They almost appeared to be silently judging him for learning forbidden
knowledge.
… This year’s Watanagashi festival is less than a week away. Would another pair of murders
happen again? … No, it’s not a matter of “would”, it’s a matter of “when”. Despite what Jirou
said, it’s happened four years in a row. Why would they suddenly stop on the fifth? It can’t be Koji
Shindo and his partner; those two were killed at least a month before the festival. So that leaves the
question of who will die this year, and when they’d strike.
Most people will be at the festival, so any stragglers still hanging around town at night are perfect
targets. I can’t pinpoint an exact location, but it would be somewhere here in this town. The more
distressing question is again, who dies? I don’t know the age or gender of the other victims that
died in this series of murders, so I can't pinpoint if they're just targeting men.
Kiryu suddenly recalled a book he had read once about ancient Japan and the rituals that happened
during those times.
At this point, I’m convinced they aren’t just normal yakuza. It's just a theory, but maybe Koji's
brutal death resulted from some ancient, religious ritual? It would explain the bizarre and horrid
death he endured. The clawing of the throat sounds like some sort of drug, but Koji’s death is far
more involved and sadistic. Ancient rituals like that would have several men or women sacrificed.
In the worst-case scenario, they’d even sacrifice… children.
A horrid possibility crossed Kiryu’s mind. One that awakened a primal level of rage within him.
Kiryu clenched his fists and growled in a deep but quiet voice acting as if he was threatening the
entirety of Hinamizawa.
“If any of those bastards so much as touch even a hair on any of my students’ heads, I’ll bury the
whole Sonozaki family. The Tojo won’t have to worry about going to war. I’ll take care of it

myself.”
Unbeknownst to Kiryu, the presence of a small girl was watching him from not too far away. With
a worried look on her face, she quietly talked to herself, “Oh no… I could be wrong, but… I think
he has the syndrome.”

Chapter End Notes

Phew, well that's another chapter down. For this chapter, I really wanted to try and get into
Kiryu's head and write out his first impressions of the place, the people, and of course our
Club members. I will say this will be a multiple arc story like the original Higurashi. It's not
gonna have 8 arcs, and I'm going to try and focus on making unique stuff here. Most likely,
you're not here to just see "Oh it's just the same Higurashi repeated, but Kiryu pops in it at
certain points". Elements of certain loops will be present in the story, but I for sure want to put
my own spin on it with Kiryu involved of course.
I also hoped you liked the dumb gag of super-strength Rena. It wasn't even originally going to
be in the story, but it just came to me and I was like "Ok, I gotta put this in the first chapter"
lol.
As always, any feedback is appreciated. Thank you for reading.

Chapter 3: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 2: A New Fragment &amp;
Unexpected Challenge
Chapter Notes

So something I'd like to clarify now is that this fic takes place in a fragment post-Minagoroshi
with Rika and Hanyuu both remembering what happened at the end (in comparison to Matsu
where Rika doesn't remember). Technically, this fic starts in a new fragment that was created
after "something" (I can't reveal for spoilerly reasons :p) suddenly happens to the nearly
finished combined fragment. This is important because I'd like to clarify not only do both Rika
and Hanyuu know Takano is Rika's killer, but they also understand her backstory. Anyways,
please enjoy this new chapter.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Elsewhere, the club had been doing their usual tomfoolery in the afternoon once school was done.
Keiichi then asked out of the blue, “Hey, what do you guys think of Teach?”
The other members paused the game, and Rena inquired, “You mean Mr. Kiryu? Why do you ask
Keiichi?”
“Well, I just thought about it, and I’ve only been here in Hinamizawa a little longer than he has.
We’re both in similar situations, so I wonder about him sometimes. At first glance, he’s a very
strong and reliable guy. He’s pretty relaxed and doesn’t seem to mind our antics as much as Ms.
Chie does. However, I feel there’s a lot more to him than meets the eye.”
“Hmm, I heard a rumor the principal challenged him to a duel, and he won." Mion replied.
“Huuuuuuuuh?! There’s no way he could’ve beaten our principal, right? Teach is strong, but the
principal is one of the strongest men in Japan.” Keiichi shivered. “I can still vividly remember what
happened when I had to touch his bald head as a penalty.”
“I heard that’s how he got the job. The two seemed to become best friends after that. The principal
must appreciate having a man on the same level as him in this village. … Fufufu, I mean Mr. Kiryu
must be incredibly strong if he can take a punch from our Rena fully powered up."
Rena blushed and fumbled with her words. “I-I didn’t mean to hurt him so badly. He should be fine
now, right? Right?”
Mion laughed and assured her friend, “Don’t worry Rena. Knowing the power of your punches, if
he can survive that he can survive anything.”
“Ooh, how many punks do you think he’s beaten up? He totally has the air of a guy, who could take
on a whole gang single-handedly.” Keiichi wondered.

Satoko clicked her tongue and mocked Keiichi. “Is through a lens of violence the only way you can
see him, Keiichi? While he might look like a barbarian, he has treated me like a proper lady as I
deserve. He’s also quite intelligent. I’ve rarely met an even match when it comes to my traps. Not
that I dare admit defeat to him. It’s only a matter of time before my genius gets the upper hand.”
“He reminds me of the main star of a yakuza flick. I can just imagine him going to an enemy
family, and wiping them out. He’d have some super cool tattoo on his back, and show it off as he
commences a shirtless battle with the final villain on a rooftop." Mion theorized.
“... I feel like you just made that last part up. What kind of yakuza films are you watching?” Keiichi
quipped.
“Only the goriest, most depraved, and darkest ones Kei. Something far beyond what you could
handle.” Mion answered with an overexaggerated smirk.
Keiichi rolled his eyes. “Rena, what do you think of him?”
“Hmm… Rena thinks Mr. Kiryu is a good person. I was afraid he’d get mad at me after what
happened, but he just smiled and encouraged me. He’s a very fun teacher to have.”
“I would agree. I know I would be pissed at you if you did that to me."
Rena’s expression became a bit more solemn. “Though, … I think Mr. Kiryu looks a little sad
sometimes."
“Sad?!” Keiichi exclaimed.
“He usually smiles, but sometimes he looks tired or worried. He might still be adjusting to
Hinamizawa. I think it might be nice to invite him to our club. Maybe he would feel more
comfortable here.”
“That’s… an excellent idea, Rena! We’ve never had an adult in our club before, but just imagine if
he loses and gets a penalty. It could result in some… interesting results fufufu,” Mion noted,
scheming up some unholy penalty.
Keiichi chuckled. “Can you imagine Teach in a maid's dress? We’d never let him live it down."
“H-Hauuuu, Rena would love to see Mr. Kiryu in a cute dress. I could take him home, and he
couldn’t object."
“Ohoho, I could have him teach Keiichi a lesson. Or perhaps, we could make the ultimate trick of a
trap together."
“Haha, hang on one moment guys. We don’t even know if he’ll accept our invitation. However, if
he does I hope he’s ready for the hardest challenge of his life!” Mion exclaimed.
Rika then suddenly interjected, “I’m… going to go to the bathroom. Please keep playing without
me until I get back.”
Before anyone could say anything, she turned away and rapidly exited the premises. The other four
were surprised as Rika hadn’t said anything up until that point.

When she had left, Keiichi's brow furrowed. “Did anyone else feel like Rika looked very dazed and
confused? She’s been normal all day, but I swear she looked very alarmed for a few seconds before
asking to leave.”
“Maybe she ate something bad and had to suddenly... you know.” Rena pondered, blushing a bit.
“It is rude to talk about such things in regards to a lady. Let us get back to our game now. Rika shall
be back shortly, I’m sure,” Satoko interrupted.
“Fufufu, well, she’d best get back here soon. Loose bowels or not, she’ll be facing a penalty if she
doesn’t come back soon.” Mion said ominously.
~~~~
Rika didn’t go to the bathroom, but rather to the sheds behind the school. Now alone in a frantic
state, she began to speak with Hanyuu. She had just entered the body of this fragment’s Rika and
was trying to collect herself.
“What… what happened Hanyuu? I remember we were combining fragments, trying to solve
everything, and getting as many pieces for our side as we could. We were so close, I was getting
ready to speak to Akasaka in that one broken fragment when… something happened right? The
combined fragment started to crack, and I blacked out after that.”
“Au au au au au, Rika! Rika! Something terrible has happened!”
“Ok, calm down Hanyuu. Tell me what the date is?”
Hanyuu took a deep breath, and as calmly as she could stated, “It’s Monday, roughly one week till
Watanagashi…”
“One week?! Hanyuu, what happened while I blacked out?!”
“I-I don’t quite remember either. I was ready to put everything on the line and help everyone out in
this fragment. I thought this was going to be the last world, but I’m still stuck in this form. I’ve
only been here a little longer than you, but I’ve noticed someone… new in Hinamizawa”
“Hanyuu, there’s been certain fragments in the past where we saw a few people move in that
weren’t in Hinamizawa in other fragments. They were never important, though, in the grand
scheme of things. What’s different now?”
“Au au au, I… think he’s someone that works here at the school in this fragment. His name seems
to be Kiryu… something.”
Realizing Hanyuu wouldn’t have the answer, Rika began to rifle through the memories of this
fragment’s Rika to get information. After a few seconds, she began to reveal what she knew: “His
name is Kiryu Kazuma, but everyone calls him Mr. Kiryu. He seems to be a recently hired P.E.
teacher at school and moved here not too long after Keiichi arrived. He lives near Rena and seems
to be kind and good with the rest of the kids. For the first time, he taught us some self-defense
moves in class earlier today… that’s all I can gather Hanyuu. I can’t recall ever seeing him before
either, but why does he have you in such a panic?”

Hanyuu looked around to make sure no one was listening to them, not that anyone could hear or see
her in that form. She wore a grim expression and asked, “Rika, do you remember how we observed
Takano had an unwavering will, which has been the main reason she’s been able to kill you every
loop?”
Rika anxiously replied. “Y-yes, what does that have to do with this new Kiryu man?”
“... I wasn’t sure if I was mistaken at first or not, but I know now for sure. That man has a will as
unshakeable as Takano’s, if not possibly more so than her and all of us combined.”
Rika did a double-take bewildered at what she had just heard. “You are positive about this, right
Hanyuu?”
“I’m 100% positive”
Rika’s legs began to wobble, and pressing her back against the wall of the shed, she slid down to a
sitting position. She held her head in her hands unable to fully take in everything that had
happened. That aura of despair transformed into anger as she slammed her fist against the shed
tears running down her face.
“Dammit it! Why?! Why am I cast back into this hell?! Over 100 years of pain and torture. Over
100 years of dying over and over, trying to find a way out. I finally found out who kills me every
loop. I finally know why I couldn’t win ever. We were going to create the ideal 1983 fragment. We
were going to play all our pieces, no trust in our friends to make a miracle! We had everything set,
and now suddenly this bullshit happens?! To Hell with that!! I’m just supposed to accept this?!
Hanyuu, answer me! Why did this happen?! Did this ‘Kiryu person' suddenly screw us over? Is he
even involved?! You’ve been around for a thousand years; surely you can figure this out! Please,
Hanyuu, I beg you to give me an answ-”
“Enough!” Hanyuu commanded in a deep voice befitting the goddess.
Not another syllable escaped Rika’s mouth, as it was left agape in shock. This was the first time she
had seen Hanyuu genuinely angry in a long time, much less directed at her.
Hanyuu’s face softened as she began to lecture Rika. “Rika, I understand your pain. I’m frustrated
and confused too. I’m sorry, I can’t give you an answer. I don’t know the answer as is. However,
what I can say is that I refuse to let this deter me. I also refuse to be a bystander anymore. I’m
going to become a part of this game, and I will make sure we win it no matter what. I can’t do a lot
in this form, but I will still try my best. I swear it. Rika. I know things look grim, but we can
overcome this. Believe in your friends, and believe in me. Regardless of what comes, I promise we
can and will overcome it.”
Rika was awestruck, but eventually smiled and wiped away her tears. “You really have changed
Hanyuu. I can’t even imagine you saying that in the previous fragment. I guess you can be a decent
goddess sometimes.”
Hanyuu’s cheeks blushed. “Au au au, don’t tease me, please! I meant everything I said.”
“I know Hanyuu. You’re right, though. I’m sorry for losing my cool there.” She then collected
herself and began to speak sternly: "Let’s set some things straight here, and make a plan. We now
can only go up to roughly a week before Watangashi. We know Takano and the Mountain Dogs will
try to kill me sometime shortly after Watanagashi. As much as I hate to admit it, we likely won’t

get our chance in this fragment. We can, however, collect info on this 'Kiryu' man, and see what
else has potentially changed in this fragment for now. Something brought ‘Mr. Kiryu’ to
Hinamizawa, and whether the reason is, we need to find out the truth.”
Hanyuu nodded her head in agreement. “I’m going to go find Mr. Kiryu and follow him around. I
should be able to find out some key info and report back. Our friends were talking about maybe
inviting Mr. Kiryu to the club. Rika, you should push for that, and see if we can learn more about
him that way. Let’s do this!” She said enthusiastically as she held out her hand to shake it.
Rika looked away, stifling a laugh, and then looked back and smirked. “Oh Hanyuu, you poor
thing. Assuredly, you didn’t forget that even I can’t interact with you physically, right?”
Hanyuu’s face went red. “Au au au au, Rika, you’re the worst!”
“Hahaha, I’m sorry Hanyuu. I couldn’t help myself.”
Rika humored Hanyuu and held out her hand. Still mildly embarrassed, Hanyuu 'grasped' Rika’s
hand and shook it barely making eye contact.
~~~~
It was now nighttime in Hinamizawa. The higurashi had grown quiet, and Hinamizawa was resting
as well. Satoko had fallen asleep, and Rika was sitting by her favorite window with the moonlight
casting down on her. It was there that the two girls began to discuss what they had learned.
Rika began speaking, “Ok, I talked to my friends, and they seem ok with Kiryu being a part of the
club. We plan to invite him tomorrow. Hanyuu, did you find anything out?”
“Yes, Mr. Kiryu took a walk before heading home and ended up meeting Jirou for the first time, it
seems. The two began to casually talk, but soon Mr. Kiryu brought up the incidents referring to
the… ‘curse of Oyashiro’.” Hanyuu said with a look of disgust.
I hate that phrase so much, but it’s the quickest way to clarify what I mean here.
Hanyuu continued, “Mr. Kiryu seems to be aware of the deaths, but doesn’t know the finer details.
Jirou then went on to tell him about Oyashiro, the curse, the gist of the dam war, and the events
surrounding the first murder. Mr. Kir-... you know what, I think, I’ll just call him Kiryu. I’m
considerably older than he is anyways.”
Rika smiled in response. “I’d say that’s fine. I’ll call him it when I’m around him or my friends, but
there’s no real reason to when we’re alone like this.”
“Anyways, Kiryu was going to ask about what ‘being demoned away’ meant, but Jirou cut him off
before he could ask. Now here is the key part Rika. Before they said goodbye to each other, Kiryu
asked whether Jirou had heard anything about two yakuza from the Tojo Clan that had been
murdered here in Hinamizawa in a brutal fashion, though he didn’t talk about how they were
murdered. He made it sound like he was just a fan of crime dramas and mystery, but I feel it’s
something deeper than that.”
Rika held up her hand inquiring, “Wait, back up. What is the Tojo Clan? I don’t recall that in any of
my memories.”

“I’m not entirely sure. I guess they’re some sort of yakuza organization like the Sonozaki Family?”
Rika pondered for a few minutes about what that could mean and then asked, “Do you think he’s
maybe a yakuza himself? Kiryu moved here from a place called Kamurocho in Tokyo. I know little
about Kamurocho, but I vaguely remember reading about how it’s the prime destination for
nightlife in Japan. I also remember reading it has a reputation for being the center of many
nefarious activities in the underworld. Assuming the Tojo Clan is located there, perhaps they sent
this Kiryu man undercover to try and find out more about what happened to those two murdered
yakuza.”
“Woah Rika, isn’t that maybe a leap in logic? I know you’re probably thinking it’s something
similar to the reason Akasaka came here in 1978, but Kiryu doesn’t seem to have the personality of
a yakuza.”
“Don’t judge a book by its cover. It’s just an idea at the moment, but it might be a trail worth
pursuing. My friends were joking about him being one earlier, but they could have been on to
something. He certainly has the build of one and has hawk-like eyes only those who’ve had their
life threatened one too many times have. One possibility is that he could be an ex-yakuza, but still
has ties to his family.”
“Au well, I guess it’s possible. It’s just, why would they hire an ex-yakuza at the school here with
kids?”
“If he has the resources, he could just have a good enough cover. Mii was able to help us hide
bodies in previous worlds; in comparison, a forged identity isn’t that crazy.”
“That’s true, Rika.”
“There’s also who killed those two yakuza, to begin with. In this case, it very well could be the
Sonozaki Family. They killed Rina in a way reminiscent of the Watanagashi in previous fragments
and she even died that way in the last world we were in. However, it also could be because of
Takano and the Mountain Dogs.”
“That’s true. We should look into that as well.”
“I can ask Mion about the Tojo tomorrow, and maybe I can catch Takano as well. Hanyuu, I’m
going to ask you to do me a favor that might make you uncomfortable, but it’s only something you
can do.”
Hanyuu had a resolute expression. “Of course, Rika. I’ll do whatever it takes.”
“Alright then. You know how just about every yakuza has a tattoo on their back, right? Even Mion
has one of a demon on her back.”
“Yes, what about it?”
Rika had a stern look and lowered her voice. “This is going to sound crazy, but bear with me. I
need you in the morning to go to Kiryu’s house, and see if you can catch him with his shirt off and
see his back. The most likely time you’ll be able to see that is… when he takes a shower or is
dressing.”

Two puffs of steam came out of Hanyuu’s ears as she became immediately red and flustered at what
Rika suggested. “W-What, Rika?! Au au au au, surely you’re joking, right? I-I can’t do that. Can’t
we find some other way?”
Rika smirked a bit and teased her. “What’s wrong, Hanyuu? You’ve lived for a millennium
observing humanity, but haven't ever seen a naked man before? I also thought you just said you
would do whatever it took?”
“Au au au, I mean… I have, but it’s not like I’ve ever used my powers to do something perverted.
I’m not some filthy person trying to peep on people with my powers. I just… au” Hanyuu sighed,
and then says, “Ok fine Rika, I’ll do it. We’re low on time, and that would be the fastest way to
confirm this. You’d better treat me to some cream puffs tomorrow night, though, and I don’t want
to see you drinking at all this fragment.”
Rika chuckled to herself and smiled. “How foolish, Hanyuu. I don’t have time to waste away on
alcohol if I want to try my best here. We both already know that. Don’t worry though, I’ll reward
you for your efforts. We’re down, but we’re not out yet. Let’s both work together to overcome this
eternal June, even if it does take a few more loops.”
This was the most determined Rika had been in a long time. Hanyuu was still a bit surprised to see
this new Rika, but she too had changed and was just as eager to take this challenge on. “Au! Of
course, Rika! We will win.”
Rika began to brainstorm about what else could potentially be happening when she noticed
Hanyuu’s expression had changed to one of concern.
“What’s wrong, Hanyuu?”
“Nothing, it’s just… do you think Kiryu could maybe be our ally? Our friends seem to be very fond
of him. Once Jirou left, he also mumbled something angrily I couldn’t quite catch, but I think he
was saying something about protecting his students.”
“Hanyuu… you said it yourself. He is the most likely cause of this mess. He may not be our enemy
necessarily, but I doubt he’s our ally too. I never once considered Takano my killer and trusted her
as someone I thought I could call a friend, but now look where we are. The only people I can trust
are my friends, Akasaka if he shows up, and maybe the likes of Jirou, Ooishi, and Irie, depending
on what happens. We need to learn way more about our current circumstances and Kiryu himself,
before we can even remotely consider him an ally. I will act friendly with him to gain his trust, but
we should stay cautious for sure. You even mentioned earlier before the sun set how you thought he
may already have the syndrome.”
“I-I could be wrong, au au. It’s not like he was showing any particular signs of having it. I just
assumed him looking so stressed could have maybe caused it to flare up. He most likely has it by
now, anyway. I’m just not sure if he’s above L2 yet.”
“Either way, Hanyuu, my point stands. We need considerably more information than we have now,
before we can maybe trust Kiryu.”
“I…see”
As ready as both girls were to tackle the future, neither could anticipate what was to come. Kiryu
himself was also stuck in a web of confusion. Both parties needed to gain more information, and

needed to do so soon… or else.

Chapter End Notes

I apologize for not updating this sooner. Been busy with finals at school. I hope you continue
to look forward to reading this as our 2 girls and Kiryu's paths meet in future chapters.

Chapter 4: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 3: A Game of Luck
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was Tuesday afternoon. Kiryu was resting in the teacher’s lounge, considering what to do for the
rest of the day.
Ugh, another day with not much progress. I talked with Nishiki last night about what I had learned,
but it sounds like the Tojo is starting to push more to go to war. Screw this, I need to get some key
information soon, or else I’ll have come here for nothing.
Jirou said a female friend of his might be able to tell me more about the series of murders, but at
this point, that’s not going to help me much. Ok so fine, the first murder under this “Curse of
Oyashiro” was by some workers and not the Sonozakis. They still could have been just as involved
in the other murders, and Nishiki told me they certainly don’t deny their possible involvement.
Kiryu leaned back in his chair and let out a sigh.
Even then, though, I don’t think it matters as much at this point. My top priority is figuring out who
killed those two yakuza. The Watanagashi murders being connected is just a possibility at the
moment, but nothing conclusive.
While Kiryu racked his brain, he wondered about a peculiar sight he had saw today.
Kiryu was not sure when, but at some point in his life he realized he could see certain “heat-like
auras” around people. Only incredibly strong men like Kuze had them, and he'd only see it when he
was fighting them. He brought the idea up with Nishiki once, but he just blew it off saying Kiryu
had taken one too many blows to the head.
Kuze wasn’t the only one to have had it. Kiryu had seen it most recently with Kaieda, but also
Tachibana, Nishiki, Majima, and perhaps most infamously was in his battle versus Shibusawa.
Kiryu was pretty surprised to learn that one day Majima could see them too and asked him what
they represent. Majima said they represented “those that have true inner strength.” Of course, he
did his usual maniacal laugh afterward and just said he was messing with Kiryu. Kiryu knew him
well enough at that point, though, to know he was lying. The line of thinking makes sense. All of
those people were the strongest people Kiryu had met.
So considering everything, Kiryu wondered why. Why the hell did Rika have a deep blue aura
during P.E.?
I can’t even begin to fathom why an 11-year-old girl has that aura. I felt something was a bit
special about her in my gut, but does she really have that same “inner strength” I and few others
do? Why did it also only show up today? I’ve seen her in class for over two weeks now. I just
somehow never noticed it until now?
I just don’t get it. This place gets more and more mysterious the longer I reside here. Is there
actually some stock in that “reincarnation of Oyashiro” stuff, or is it something else? She's acted
normal otherwise, but I can’t shake the feeling something serious has changed.

Kiryu once again sighed.
There’s a comically large gap between the number of questions I have and the number of answers
to those questions I’ve gotten. I’ve yet to get close enough to anybody to trust them, and I know I
don’t have much time left. If I only had a little more time, I could justKiryu’s thoughts were interrupted by the school bell signaling the end of the school day. Kiryu
grumbled to himself. “Hmph, well all this worrying isn’t going to get me anywhere. I can continue
to go into circles logically, or I could focus on what I can do today. I desperately need to do
something today too. I don’t know what, but the sinking feeling in my stomach deepens more as
each day passes by.”
Kiryu forced himself to have a smile on his face, as he walked out of the lounge. He usually said
goodbye to the kids, Chie, and Kaieda before leaving, so he figured he’d best wear a smile lest his
frustration seeped through and worried them.
As he was saying goodbye to everyone and was about to leave, Mion suddenly came up to him.
“Hey Mr. Kiryu, would you mind staying after school for a bit? We wanted to show you something
a little… special fufufu,” she laughed with a mischievous look in her eyes.
Kiryu was a little taken aback and wasn’t quite sure how to respond. “Um… sure, I don’t see why
not.”
“Great!” Mion shouted. “Come to the classroom in 15 minutes; we’ll be ready by then.” She then
ran back to the classroom leaving Kiryu alone.
… What was that about? What are those kids trying to pull now?
~~~~
Before Kiryu's eyes were gathered Keiichi, Mion, Rika, Satoko, & Rena. Each one had an
enthusiastic, but naughty look in their eyes. Kiryu was a little reminded of the many times punks
had tried to jump him In Kamurocho. Thankfully these were his students and not some goons about
to be sent to the hospital.
Mion would be the first to speak, “So Mr. Kiryu, I wanted to ask you something. You may know
me as the Class Representative, but did you know I also host an after-school club?”
“I can’t say I did Mion. Also just between us… I don’t mind you guys just calling me Kiryu. It’s
what my friends call me back home, and I’m not even too much older than you all. You can still
call me Mr. Kiryu if you’d prefer that, I just figured I’d give you the option,” replied Kiryu.
“Haha, that works out just fine. We usually refer to each other in our club like that anyways,” said
Mion. The other kids nodded in agreement.
“Well, anyways Mion, why do you keep bringing up this club of yours?”
“Well Kiryu, we’re not just any old club.”
Mion then crossed her arms and struck a confident pose.

“Behold! The Magician of Words Keiichi! The Unstoppable, Cute Thing Loving Rena! Trap
Master Satoko! The Bewitching Moe Girl Rika! And finally…” Mion pointed to herself. “The
leader of this elite club, I Mion Sonozaki! Together we make up THE premier club of Hinamizawa
Branch School! You may think we just play games here, but no. We put our lives on the line every
day! The loser/s of each game receive a harsh penalty, and one can only win by using every method
at their disposal. We decided you meet the qualifications to be in our club Kiryu. However, if you
accept our invitation, you may sorely regret it. Do you dare take on our invitation Kiryu?!”
Silence filled the room until Kiryu suddenly smirked and chuckled. “Oh, so you think you can beat
me at some paltry games? Believe it or not, I was quite successful at the likes of poker, mahjong,
and shogi back in Kamurocho. I would be wary of letting me into your club, to begin with. You
might fear what you’ve unleashed.”
A way to bond with the kids quickly? This is almost too good to be true. These club activities
themselves won’t reveal anything to me, but this is the perfect way to get to know them and gain
their trust. I wish I knew about this sooner, but I might finally have the lucky break I’ve been
looking for.
“Very well, Mion. I shall accept your invitation,” Kiryu announced with a self-assured expression.
The club members cheered, and Mion then said to Kiryu, “Prepare yourself, Kiryu. You get some
beginner’s luck today. We’re playing poker. The first to lose all their chips shall receive the penalty.
Don’t think you can take it easy, though, just because you’re experienced. We’re quite good
ourselves.”
“Try me,” Kiryu responded confidently.
“Oh, also you should know Kiryu, there’s another reason to not take it easy on us. The penalty for
today is to go tell Ms. Chie curry sucks… loudly fufu.”
Sweat begins to form on Kiryu’s brow.
… Oh, so it’s that kind of penalty. Well, I should be fine. On the off chance, I do lose, I can take the
resulting consequences … probably.
Mion walked to a locker in the back of a classroom full of numerous games and grabbed a card
pack and several poker chips.
How on earth does so much fit into that locker?! It looks way bigger on the inside than it does on
the outside.
The club members sat around a table with a seat prepared for Kiryu. “Come join us, Kiryu. Let’s
see just how good you are,” Mion gloated.
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you kids.”
~~~~
“How… did it come to this?” Kiryu muttered inaudibly to himself. A half-hour had passed at this
point, and Kiryu was in a poor position.

Look, I’ll admit, I’m not the best poker player in the world. Still, I’ve held my own against pretty
good players. I’ve even won games in scummier areas of Kamurocho, where they’d cheat. However,
these kids are way too good for their age.
Kiryu thought he had a pretty good poker face, but it's as if these kids were reading his every move.
Each of them were incredible in their own way. Keiichi lost the first few rounds but had an amazing
clutch factor thus far. Mion backed up her banter and had gotten a good amount of wins. Satoko
was good at leading the others on, and Kiryu could never quite get a good read on her. Rena would
challenge your bluffs and could read through just about any of their poker faces. Finally, Rika had
been pretty 50/50 on winning or losing, but she maybe had one of the best poker faces Kiryu had
seen.
I’ve lost most of my chips at this point, and if I lose just two or three more rounds… that might be
curtains for me.
Mion then dealt cards, and while Kiryu made sure to keep his poker face, a glint could be seen in
his eye for just a millisecond.
Two kings?! Wait, this might be what I needed to turn this around. C’mon, think Kiryu! There has to
be some sort of trick to this. These kids are good, but they’re not Kamurocho good. Mion even said
in the beginning that one can only win by using any options they have. I had a feeling this wasn’t
entirely a fair game, to begin with, but how could they be cheating? There must be something I’ve
missed. Maybe the deck itself?
Kiryu analyzed the deck and then froze.
Wait, that’s it! It’s the deck! This is an old, used deck with a lot of the cards having certain
scratches on them.
It was maybe five to six years ago Kiryu was doing a game with some lower-ranking Tojo
members. They weren’t entirely fond of him, being the son of a yakuza high up in the Tojo and
“having it easy”. They challenged Kiryu to a game, saying he needed to know his place. They had
used the exact same trick the kids were using now, and once Kiryu figured it out he won. Of course,
this was at the cost of having to punch the teeth out of some sore losers that day.
At this point, everyone had placed their bets, and Mion had turned over three of the five cards. A
king, an eight, and a seven. Kiryu desperately tried to recall what the identity of the two other cards
was based on their scratches.
What is it? What is it?! …Aha! That’s right! The fifth card is a king! I’m positive about it. Satoko
won a round earlier using it. I can’t remember the fourth card, but that’s fine. A four-of-a-kind of
kings should be more than enough to win this round.
“Oho, are you ok Kiryu? I saw your guard drop there briefly. Perhaps, you’re fresh out of luck?”
Satoko said mockingly.
“Fufu, I told you, you’d regret challenging us, Kiryu,” gloated Mion.
“Oh, don’t be so mean to Mr. Kiryu. He’s been doing pretty well for a first-time member,”
acknowledged Rena.

“Heh, well he still has a long way to go. It’s nothing personal, Teach. Let’s just say I was a newbie
not too long ago, and I think it’s fair you face the same trial by fire I did,” stated Keiichi.
A faint smile emerged from Kiryu. “Actually, I’m feeling pretty lucky.” Kiryu then bet half of his
remaining chips.
The kids were shocked to see Kiryu’s new confidence. “Feel free to fold, if you don’t feel like
playing this round,” Kiryu taunted.
Tension enveloped the room as the five kids remained silent and exchanged glances. They matched
Kiryu’s bet. Mion then revealed the fourth card.
Oh, it was a nine huh? Well, that’s fine, nothing to worry about. What will be revealed next is the
important part.
Kiryu then bet his remaining chips.
Satoko was astonished, and asked, “W-What?! Have you gone mad?”
“Do you think Kiryu has a plan? Does he?” Rena inquired, now worried.
Mion was at first bewildered but then went back to her previous smirk. “Ha! I’m impressed Kiryu.
It seems you finally found the fire you needed to win. I do wonder if you have a thing for
comebacks like our Keiichi here.”
“O-oy! He’s clearly just bluffing. Don’t fall for this Mion! He’s just trying to get us to fold
preemptively,” Keiichi said with not as much confidence as he would have liked.
“I’m afraid you kids are the ones that have a long way to go. You did stump me at first, but I’ve
seen my fair share of cheap tricks. It took some time, but I’d say I’m finally…” Kiryu then gestured
to the unique scratches and marks on his card. “... right on the mark.”
Not even Mion could hide her shock. The club members’ faces looked as if they had seen a ghost.
“You kids wouldn’t last a day in Kamurocho if these were your tactics.”
“J-just because you figured out about the scratches, doesn’t mean you’ve won the game yet!” Mion
shouted, now sweating a bit herself.
“Of course. Let’s continue the game then,” Kiryu said, still retaining a smug grin.
Everybody matched Kiryu’s bet again. Whoever won this round would completely turn the tables,
if not outright win the game. Mion then revealed the final card to be the fourth king, as everyone
also revealed their cards. The kids couldn’t believe their eyes at Kiryu’s hand.
“The fourth king, just like I predicted. Behold, a four-of-a-kind of kings,” Kiryu said pridefully.
The kids were defeated, and each began to fold their cards.
Kiryu leaned back in his chair, closed his eyes, and put his hands behind his head. “Let that be an
after-school lesson for today, kids. It’s ok though, you’ll have a chance to beat me next time.”
“Meep, it’s not over yet”

The other kids turned to look at Rika, who hadn’t spoken since the round started.
Kiryu opened his eyes and glanced at Rika. “Huh? Well, technically I’ll have to win at least one
more round. Still, though, I’m pretty much guaranteed to wi-”
Time itself seemed to stop for Kiryu.
… Why… hasn’t she folded her cards yet?
In Rika’s hands were a five and a six. Combined with the seven, eight, & nine cards, she had a
straight flush due to all five cards sharing the same suit. Unfortunately for Kiryu, a straight flush is
one of the few things in poker that can beat a four-of-a-kind.
“It seems like I win, after all, nipah!” Rika wore the smile of an angel, as if she had not just utterly
destroyed the pride of a man.
“Ah… ahahahahahahaha!” Mion would be the first to break the silence erupting into laughter. The
rest of the kids joined in soon after as they celebrated Rika’s victory. Kiryu could only sit there,
mouth agape at what had just transpired.
“Ohohoho, I should’ve known we could count on you, Rika,” said Satoko gleefully.
“That’s our Rika!” Keiichi joined in.
“Hauuu! How could Rena doubt Rika? She always comes through for us”
Mion then turned to Kiryu with an evil look in her eye. “Fufufu, you were very close, Kiryu. That
very easily could’ve turned the game in your favor, so I must praise your efforts for your first time
in our club. However, underestimating Rika was your fatal mistake. Shall we carry out the penalty
now?”
Kiryu didn’t look Mion in the eyes, but rather looked down at the table, completely humbled.
… Was I too reckless? Nishiki always says I am, but for it to screw me over here of all times?! …
This club isn’t your average school club. It's like I'm back in the yakuza, where one major mistake
can mean your pinky finger. In all honesty, I think I might prefer losing my pinky to what I’m about
to do next.
Kiryu then stood up and gave a slight bow. “As a man, I know when I’ve been defeated. I shall go
to Ms. Chie now."
As Kiryu left the room, Rika yelled at him. "Good luck Mr. Kiryu, Nipah!”
In reality, Rika had been putting on her usual persona and had been trying to learn anything about
Kiryu she could.
He’s smart and observant. He has all the confidence and charisma one could ask for. He can turn
situations around easily too. I only won that, because I got lucky… that, and playing with the same
deck for over 100 years makes it pretty easy to identify what card is what at this point.
He also seems to be at least somewhat acquainted with shady places, or maybe the entirety of
Kamurocho is full of filth. I didn’t fully believe Hanyuu when she told me, but I know now. He has
the same level of willpower as someone like Takano. He only showed it when he was trying to make

that comeback, but it was absolutely there. What the hell is going on, and how do we stop it?
What… if we have to stop him?
~~~~
Ah, Kiryu! I didn’t know you were still here. Did you need something?
Kiryu took a deep breath in preparation.
Let’s just get this over with.
Chie tilted her head in confusion. “Is something wrong, Kiryu?”
“Chie, please forgive me for what I’m about to say. I can only blame myself for being in this
predicament.”
Before Chie could say anything, Kiryu blurted out, “Curry is terrible, and it sucks!!”
Kiryu blinked and she was gone.
... People say humans don’t know true fear until they’ve had their lives threatened. I’ve had mine
threatened multiple times, and I can’t say I was ever in “true fear”. I was scared or nervous, but I
always pulled through. Now, though… I think I finally understand what people mean.
There's a presence from Hell itself behind me. She's grasping my shoulder with the strength of 100
men. I dare not look, lest I know the horrifying face of the demon behind me.
“... Ms. Chie?” Kiryu quietly asked, staring at the now empty chair in front of him.
“Kiryu… would you mind saying that again? For your sake, I hope I misheard”
“Ah… ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!”

Chapter End Notes

I'll be honest, I've not played poker in a long time. I had to look up rules for it, and I tried to
make a semi-good club scene based on it. I'm sorry if this isn't entirely accurate to how poker
works.
Otherwise, though, I hope you enjoyed this chapter.

Chapter 5: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 4: The Curse of Oyashiro
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Wahahahaha, I can’t believe you fainted, Teach!” Keiichi said, nearly falling over with laughter.
“Uh… yeah, I guess I did haha,” Kiryu said, feeling awkward about the situation.
Apparently, I yelled very loudly and fainted. The kids then rushed to check on me, and I woke up
shortly afterward in the medical room. The kids must’ve carried me there… they’re sweet, even if
they’re also technically the cause of this.
“Hauuu, you scared us, Mr. Kiryu. We had today’s penalty once before, and while she was
ferocious, she must’ve done something horrifying to you. Are you OK? Huh?” Rena asked
worriedly.
“I-I’m fine. I’ve dealt with worse. I think it was so fast and disorienting that I um… ahem.” Kiryu
coughed as any more would just prolong his embarrassment. “Anyways, kids it’s getting a little
late. We should start heading home, yeah?”
As if on cue, the somber song of the higurashi began to play.
Wow, it is pretty late.
As they walked along, the kids poked fun at Kiryu for fainting.
If it was anyone else I'd be annoyed, but I don’t mind it from them. I know they mean well. I’d be
way more bothered if Nishiki knew. Ugh… he’d never let me live it down if he found out.
As they got near the Sonozaki estate, Rika suddenly spoke up. “Mii, can I come by your house? I
wanted to borrow some manga of yours.”
Please, Mion, understand what I mean. This phrasing worked in previous fragments; surely it’ll
work here.
Mion quickly perceived Rika wanted to talk in private and replied, “Oh, yeah! You wanted volume
four right?”
“Meep, you guessed right,” Rika said with an adorable smile.
Thank you, Mion. Please have some info on this Tojo Clan.
“Satoko, I’ll catch up with you later. It’ll be a while, please make some dinner for yourself if you
get hungry,” Rika called out to Satoko as she left.
Satoko closed one eye and crossed her arms. “Hmph, don’t complain to me if you’re food is cold
when you come back. I’m hungry myself, and won’t be waiting long to make a meal for the both of
us.”
“It’s ok, Satoko. I won’t be too long, nipah!”

As Mion and Rika walked towards the estate, Kiryu was thinking to himself.
Would it take that long just to get a manga volume from Mion’s house? Are they planning to read
the whole thing together there? Eh, I guess it’s none of my business. I hope they enjoy reading…
whatever manga kids are into these days.
~~~~
Everyone waved and said goodbye to each other as they went their separate ways until it was just
Keiichi, Rena, and Kiryu.
“See ya, Teach! You honestly did well today for your first time in our club, but don’t think we’ll be
any less merciful tomorrow. You’d best come prepared!” Keiichi yelled as he walked to his house.
“Trust me, I will. Don’t look down on me, or else you’ll regret it,” Kiryu said with an assured
smirk.
In reality, these kids are tough. I swear I’ll be more guarded tomorrow, but I can’t guarantee I
won’t lose again. I’m also terrified of the prospect that today’s penalty wasn’t even the worst
they’ve done. I’d better bring my 200% from now on.
Kiryu and Rena both started walking towards their home when an idea wormed its way into Kiryu’s
head.
… Should I ask Rena about the murders of those two yakuza? We’re alone right now, and nobody
can hear our conversation. No, wait, it would be far too direct to ask that. I should lead into it
somehow… perhaps I should ask about the deaths related to that curse?
I know Jirou warned me not to talk about this, but I need to get information. I joined the club just
so I could have opportunities like this. I think at this point I’ve gained enough of Rena’s trust. As
long as I’m casual about it, things shouldn’t go awry.
“Hey, Rena? Do you mind if I ask you something a bit personal before we head home?”
Rena turned her head, and inquired, “Huh? What is it, I wonder? I wonder?”
“Well, I wanted to talk in private. The topic of what I’m about to ask is considered a little…
inappropriate from what I understand. I’m a newcomer to this village, and I was just curious about
it. I heard there was a whole conflict about a dam being planned to be built here five years ago. It
sounded pretty rough for the whole village, but all of you guys united and fought against it
eventually winning. It sounds really impressive, but I heard some unpleasant stuff about it. I wasn’t
sure if it was true or not, so I wanted to ask one of you kids, and I guess you happened to be the
one. I don’t know any way of asking this without it sounding blunt, so I’d best just do it that way.
Did anyone ever get hurt or… killed during the dam conflict?”
Rena paused for a moment not sure how to respond.
… What do I tell Kiryu?
Rena and the other kids had kept information about the curse of Oyashiro from Keiichi at first, as
they felt it was an uncomfortable truth he was better off not knowing. He eventually found out

anyway, though. He was creeped out but seemed to take it well after some time. Kiryu, however,
was a different case.
He gets along so well with the other villagers and us. I don’t want to ruin any happiness he might
have here. He’s looked so joyful, especially today. I… I don’t want to ruin his happiness here. I
abhor lying, but… just this once I’d best not tell the truth. Please, Mr. Kiryu, forgive me.
Rena put on a fake smile, and replied, “Ahahaha, where did you hear such a crazy thing as that?
Nothing like that happened here, silly. It does sound like a cool idea for a mystery novel, though.
Hauuu, that would be a fun book to read.”
Kiryu narrowed his eyes.
… Why is she lying? I’m not entirely being truthful here myself, but she has nothing to hide from
me. Is it just because I’m new here, and she doesn’t want me to know the truth? I clearly know
something, even if I’m being subtle about it. Ok fine, how do I continue this conversation?
Kiryu looked away from Rena, and in a sarcastic tone says “Huh, that’s funny. I was talking to a
man named Jirou Tomitake yesterday about it, and he told me about the first murder in this series of
events called the ‘Curse of Oyashiro’. It sounded pretty gruesome.” He then turned back to Rena
and looked her in the eyes. “I know we haven’t known each other for too long, but I expect you to
not lie to me over serious stuff as your teacher.”
Rena's eyes opened wide in surprise
Kiryu already knew?! … Wait, that means he lied too.
Rena herself looked mildly annoyed now, and in a respectful but stern voice, she said, “Mr. Kiryu,
with all due respect, did you not just lie to me now? I’m not sure if that’s the best example for your
students.”
Kiryu could only keep his mouth shut with a look of realization.
Dammit, I’ve already messed this up! Ok, stay calm Kiryu. Take control of the flow of the
conversation again. I did lie, but truthfully it was only because I didn’t know how to talk about this.
“You’re right, Rena. I apologize. I just wasn’t sure how to ask about it, so I lead you on. In truth, I
know about the details of the first murder, but nothing of the others. Thank you for holding me
accountable, though.”
Rena’s expression lightened and she said, “It’s fine, Kiryu. We just don’t like talking about it here
for… obvious reasons. It’s not pleasant for newcomers, and we don’t want to scare them off. I’m
also sorry for lying.”
A scary thought then took root in Rena's mind.
Wait… if he knows about the curse, does that mean he might want to leave?! If he does that,
wouldn’t he be cursed himself by Oyashiro? I can’t say anything else about the curse; it will scare
him more. I… I have to warn him somehow, though!
Her expression then became desperate. “I swear that era of Hinamizawa is over, Mr. Kiryu!
Nobody is going to die this year! Please don’t be afraid of Hinamizawa. I love this place so much.

The people here are so wonderful. I’ve had so many happy memories here, and you’ve become a
part of them too. Please don’t go anywhere…” Rena’s voice began to trail off as she looked down
at the ground.
Great job, Rena. Your little outburst there probably just scared him even more.
Kiryu just stood there silently.
I… don’t think I’ve ever seen this side of Rena before. ... Wait, don't just stand there, you idiot!
Comfort her!
Kiryu held up his hands, attempting to dispel Rena’s fear. “Woah! Rena! When did I say I was
going anywhere? I promise I’m not going anywhere.”
Rena looked up holding back tears. “Do… do you really mean that Mr. Kiryu?”
“Of course, Rena. I should’ve clarified this from the beginning. I’m just a big fan of crime dramas
and mysteries. This sort of stuff naturally interests me, but I wasn’t sure about how to get more
information. I figured now would be a good time, but it seems I’ve unintentionally caused you
stress. I swear, I’m not going anywhere.”
Rena began to cheer up, comforted by Kiryu’s words. “Hauu, sorry for freaking out on you a bit
there. I was just concerned, and let my emotions get the better of me.”
Ok, see Rena. He enjoys living here. He’s not going to get cursed. He won’t become a potential
victim this year. He’s… going to be ok. Calm down.
Kiryu gave a warm smile. “It’s fine, Rena. I appreciate your concern. I’m not scared of anything.”
Rena closed her eyes half out of relief, half from joy. “Hau! I’m so glad.”
“I mean, what is there to fear anyways? The elders believe in it, but between you and me, I think
we both know that the curse is a bunch of nonsense. There are no such things as curses.”
Kiryu went to give Rena a comforting head pat, but she was frozen still.
He… doesn’t believe in the curse? He doesn’t believe in curses at all? If he doesn’t believe, will he
be cursed this year? Can he still possibly die from the curse? Oyashiro can forgive people, but he
still punishes unbelievers. Will he become just like… Satoshi? No… I can’t let that happen. I can’t,
no no no NO! NO! NOO!!
Rena grasped Kiryu’s hand before it could reach her head.
“...Rena?” Kiryu was perplexed by Rena’s sudden change in manner.
“The curse is real, Kiryu.”
“...Huh?”
Rena then regained eye contact with Kiryu wearing a resolute expression.
“The curse is real, Kiryu.”

Kiryu furrowed his brow.
Surely, she’s not serious. Right? I can get the superstitious elders, but any of the youngsters should
realize it’s a load of shit. Rena certainly is mature enough to know the truth at her age. Anyone with
common sense could tell you these are being orchestrated by humans.
“Rena, come now. You’re old enough to know the curse isn’t real."
Rena’s expression became more severe. “I’m serious Kiryu, it’s real. I know I said no one will die
this year, but nobody can 100% guarantee it. For your own safety, please take me seriously and
heed my warning.”
… She’s actually serious.
“Ok, that’s enough Rena. Please let go of my arm. We can talk about this later. You should be more
mature for your age, though.”
Her grip only tightened on Kiryu’s arm. “Kiryu, you need to take me seriously. You could be the
victim of this year if you don’t. So many people have already been demoned away. I refuse to let
you get taken away too.”
“Demoned away”. What the hell is that term supposed to mean? I’m reaching the limits of my
patience here.
“Rena, you’re starting to upset me. Let go of my arm, now.”
Rena could no longer keep her composure and raised her voice frantically. “No! Not until you
promise me you believe in the curse! Oyashiro is real! He will curse you if you’re not careful.
Kiryu, I beg of-”
Kiryu had had enough and promptly interrupted her angrily. “That’s enough, Rena! There is no
such thing as a curse. Oyashiro doesn’t exist! Anyone with half a brain can tell you it’s because of
the Sono-”
…
…
…
Later that night, Kiryu would recall the following events over and over in his head. He would think
the following more than once.
In hindsight, I wish I had never said that. I so so wish I hadn’t said that. I could’ve stopped at any
point. I could’ve put an end to that conversation before it ended that way. I didn’t have to
completely destroy any progress I had made. I was too reckless. I didn’t consider Rena’s feelings. I
regret it for so many reasons, but perhaps the true reason… was what I awakened in Rena from
doing so.
“HE’S REAL!!!”
Rena's eyes had become like that of a demon. Her eyes were filled with nothing but pure, red rage.
The cicadas had gone quiet, presumably as terrified of her as Kiryu was. It was as if the very trees

themselves shook from Rena’s cry. The foundation of the buildings around her seemed to falter.
The whole world felt blurry to Kiryu, and he couldn't quite find his center of gravity. He could do
nothing but stare into the eyes of the kind, compassionate girl he thought he knew well.
Her grip strength had become unnatural for a girl her age. Kiryu's skin went white; his bones felt
like they were about to break. He saw a light blue heat aura surge from around Rena. One unlike
any he had ever seen. It was different from the one Rika had earlier. It was barely noticeable before,
but it grew as their debate went on. It only now suddenly erupted and showed its true form. Rena
was yelling something, but Kiryu couldn’t begin to decipher it. It was incomprehensible as if one
was listening to the wild cries of an animal.
“It took Satoshi away from us. It nearly took me. I’ve had nightmares of it taking Keiichi and
everyone else I love away from me. I won’t allow anyone else to be taken by it!! I won’t! I won’t! I
won’t!! I WON’T!!!!”
Kiryu's mind couldn't piece together any thoughts. He knew the being in front of him was the
young girl Rena Ryuugu. Yet all his instincts were telling him to get away from there now, no
matter what it took.
That final yell of her's would be what woke him up.
Kiryu pushed Rena hard away from him, and she let go of Kiryu’s arm falling on her bottom.
Rena was still frenzied, but taking a look at Kiryu was enough to make her break out of her state.
He too was lying on the ground, barely sitting up. He looked like he had fallen, and was shaking all
over. A look of utter fear was spread across his face.
Rena could only just sit there herself, in shock at what she had just done.
What… just happened? When… did I lose myself? Why did the old me show up here? I’m Rena, not
Reina. I’m not supposed to do icky things. I hurt people. I hurt so many people. I… just hurt Kiryu
too.
What the hell is wrong with me? Why did I have to lose control here? I buried that old me. Don’t
dig it up, Rena. Why did you dig it up? Why did you expose your filth? Why? Why? Why?!
Tears started to flow down Rena’s cheeks. She could barely muster to speak, as she tried to gently
reach out her arm to Kiryu. “K-Kiryu I’m sorr-”
Kiryu didn’t even let her finish her sentence before he was on his feet. That night, he would wonder
why he decided to run away then.
... Why did I run? Was I genuinely scared for my life? Did I think she was going to kill me if I didn’t
move there? Somewhere inside, I knew she was just trying to apologize and comfort me, but still, I
ran.
Kiryu was running faster than maybe he ever had before in his life. He was running on nothing, but
pure instinct and adrenaline. All the while, he heard Rena's footsteps behind him.
Kiryu could easily have outrun her, but it just added to his terror even more. Was it five seconds?
An hour? His sense of time was completely off. Later that night, he couldn't recall how long it took
him to get home, but he did inevitably.

The whole way, he could hear her crying and apologizing as she ran after him. Constantly saying
“I’m sorry! I’m sorry!”. He unlocked, opened, and closed the door, locking it as fast as he could.
Sweat stuck to every inch of his body, and soon the pain in his arm began to flair up as the
adrenaline wore off. He stared at the red marks she had left on his skin, and went up the stairs.
He collapsed in a chair on the second floor of his house. He was speechless, completely
overwhelmed by emotions. Kiryu pretty much did not sleep that night. Both in fear, but also out of
guilt for his actions. He was awake nearly the whole time trying to figure out what had happened
until he eventually succumbed to exhaustion. What was it that led them to that point? However,
there would be one final thing that stuck with him more than anything.
It had started raining, and he still had enough sense to close the curtains. As he looked out the
window, he noticed a figure in the dark staring up at the window. Staring right at him.
It was Rena. She had been standing there for what must’ve been hours. Soaked in rain, mouthing
nothing but the words “I’m sorry” over and over and over.

Chapter End Notes

So something you've probs noticed is that while this first arc hits some similar notes to
Onikakushi, I'm tryna show the thoughts of characters that aren't just Kiryu. Tsumihoroboshi is
one of my fave Higurashi arcs, because we pretty equally get to see Keiichi and Rena's
thoughts. Obviously, Ryu07 couldn't show Rena's thoughts during Oni as that would spoil
some key stuff, but still I've always been interested in seeing that arc from Rena's POV. 2nd
best thing I can do ig, is do it here and not just for characters suffering from the effects of the
syndrome.
Anyways, hope you enjoyed this chapter.

Chapter 6: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 5: The Infamous Tojo Clan
“So, Rika, what did you want to talk about?” Mion asked. They were both sitting down in the
Sonozaki household’s living room.
Rika looked down at her feet and wondered how she should answer.
Do I tell her about Kiryu’s identity? ... No, I can’t. I don’t know for sure if he has any relations with
the Tojo or not. Crap, I wish Hanyuu was here, but she’s busy spying on Kiryu at the moment. I
guess I could ask about those two yakuza.
“Mii, I heard something that sounded a bit disturbing. Do you happen to know anything about the
two men that got killed here in Hinamizawa back in May?”
Mion’s eyes widened in surprise. “Oy, Rika! Where is this coming from? That was already brought
up at this month’s meeting between the Three Great Families.”
Rika paused for a second to sift through this fragment’s Rika’s memories.
Ok, think back to the meeting at the beginning of June. … Two men were found in Okinomiya,
murdered in the fashion Kiryu described in his conversation with Jirou. It was briefly discussed, but
it seemed as if the Sonozakis had nothing to do with it. I should clarify with Mion just to be sure.
“Mii, I’m talking about the two men that were found in Okinomiya. You’re right, we did discuss it
briefly during our meeting. However, recently I heard whispers of them being from some group
known as the Tojo Clan. I wanted to ask, who are they?”
You could hear a strain in Mion’s breath for a few seconds. She donned a cold gaze used only for
when she was playing the role of the heir to the Sonozaki Family.
“Rika, I’d like to know where you got that information, as only me, Grandma, and a few others
know that.”
Rika smiled innocently. “I have my ways, nipah!”
Mion sighed. “I don’t know where you find out this stuff sometimes, Rika. It’s like you can read
other people’s thoughts. You’re aware of how the Sonozaki Family runs most of this region
including Okinomiya, right?”
“Yes.”
“The Tojo Clan is one of the largest and most dangerous yakuza groups in all of Japan. They
control the entirety of Kamurocho and most of Tokyo. They’ve been around as long, if not longer
than my family. During the Dam War, the Tojo themselves had a huge conflict within the clan over
a small piece of land that could net billions of yen. By the end, I heard there were hundreds of
yakuza dead. They’re ruthless and as cruel as they come. You’re right, though… they apparently
came here searching for a resident that lent them a ton of money.”
“What happened to the resident?”

“He has relations to my family, so we had him lay low in a hideout. As for those two Tojo yakuza,
the last we heard was that they were in a hotel in Okinomiya. After that, they… disappeared. I
promise the Sonozaki Family had nothing to do with them. We’re all confused about it, but it’s not
like it’s the first time disappearances have happened without our knowledge.”
Alright, so the Sonozakis aren’t behind those two murders. I figured, but it was best to make sure.
“There’s also been… rumors of the Tojo seeking hostile action towards my family, believing we’re
responsible for the death of those two yakuza. Mostly because one was high up in their hierarchy.”
“Mii, what does that mean?”
“It could mean nothing, honestly. No action has been taken yet, but I fear it might be a matter of
time before a few members come to our doorstep. It’s nothing for you to worry about, Rika. That’s
Grandma’s business and mine.”
Rika’s gaze narrowed in frustration.
Dammit! Do you mean to tell me Hinamizawa itself could be in danger now, not only from Takano
but also maybe from the Tojo?! This no longer just affects me and my friends. Whatever has
happened in this fragment has made the future completely unpredictable. I have to tread carefully.
Mion noticed Rika’s change in attitude and comforted her. “Woah, it’s not like they’re going to war
with us or anything, Rika. This isn’t the first or last time we’ve had to deal with similar
organizations. I appreciate your concern, but we’ll be fine.”
You say that Mion, but still…
“Mii… do you think they sent someone undercover to investigate and find answers?”
“Eh?! Why do you ask that?”
... Do I ask her about Kiryu?
Rika waited for a second to speak, and then asked, “Do you think Kiryu is suspicious at all?”
Mion was more confused than anything at this question. “Huh?! Is this about yesterday? I was just
bantering with Kei. I don’t actually think he’s a yakuza. He looks like one a little, but he’s far too
nice and kind to be one. I’ve heard he’s even a little famous in his home city for being the CEO of a
real estate company. My family would know if he had any connections to the Tojo, trust me. Even
if he was one, what does that have to do with anything? Is this related to that part about someone
being sent her undercover?”
She then smirked. “Fufufu, are you writing some yakuza story, Rika? Feel free to ask me any
questions. I’d be more than willing to help. Ooh, maybe you could put me in as a character in the
sto-”
“I’m serious, Mion,” Rika spoke in a deeper voice, unlike her usual cutesy tone.
Mion was a little taken aback. “O-Oh, I see.” She then leaned back on the couch. “I guess Kiryu
could be here undercover, but it’s pretty darn unlikely. Where did you get this idea again, Rika?”
“Meep, Oyashiro told me in a vision.”

“A vision, huh?” Mion then stood up from her seat and smiled. “Alright Rika, if you’re that
concerned about it, I can phone a relative who lives in Kamurocho. He has connections, and can
probably find something out about Kiryu. It might take a few days, though.”
Rika smiled back. “Thank you, Mii. I really appreciate it. Nipah!”
“However, I have no reason to distrust Kiryu, so I’m gonna believe he’s not a yakuza or some
undercover spy guy.” She then pointed at herself confidently. “Even if he was, he’d have to deal
with me first. I’d kick his butt, and send him packing back to Kamurocho if he tried to mess with
us. Don’t mess with Mion Sonozaki, hehe!”
Rika was mildly surprised. “You trust him?
“Duh, of course, I do! He’s our friend, right? Friends trust each other!”
Our… friend?
Rika didn’t know how to react. She could only force a smile in response.
“Meep, I should leave now. I don’t want Satoko to be mad at me.”
“Heh, you’d best get going then.”
The two said their goodbyes, and Rika started walking home. Her mind wandered, as she recalled
Mion’s words.
Friends… Could Kiryu turn out to be our ally? I… I just don’t know.
~~~~
“He did have a back tattoo?!” Rika hissed, demanding an answer, but not loud enough to wake up
Satoko.
It was now nighttime. Hanyuu and Rika were discussing their findings.
“Au au, he did. It was a tattoo of a silver dragon sprawling on his back.”
“So he does have relations with the Tojo.”
Rika put her head in her hands, stressed. “I don’t know what to think about Kiryu, Hanyuu. He
might be some sort of mediator in all this, but also he could be trying to leak information on the
Sonozakis and will soon signal for the Tojo to come to Hinamizawa. I know Mion said war isn’t
going to happen, but I have an incredibly bad feeling about all this.”
“Au, don’t freak out. He could still be our ally… I think.”
Rika sighed, feeling mentally exhausted. “Anyways, I’m going to talk to Takano tomorrow about
those two yakuza and see if I can confirm if the Mountain Dogs disposed of them. Hanyuu, you
can… I guess keep observing Kiryu. I’m sorry, I’m not sure how else you can help.”
“I don’t mind, Rika. I’m grateful I can even be useful in this limited form. I said before, I’ll do
whatever I can.”

“Thank you, Hanyuu. In the meanwhile, I can also try to gain Kiryu’s trust more.”
Hanyuu then became flustered. “Au, about that Rika…”
“What’s wrong, Hanyuu?”
“Well… it’s about Kiryu and Rena”
~~~~
It was Wednesday morning. Satoko had left a little earlier than usual, and Rika was just now
making her way to school alone with nothing but her thoughts.
So… “that” happened between Rena and Kiryu yesterday. Why the hell didn’t I see that coming
sooner?! I could have stopped it! I should’ve at least warned Kiryu not to talk about the curse
alone with Rena. Now I have to deal with her freaking out, and scaring Kiryu half to death.
I still plan to talk to Takano this evening, but where do I go from there? Can I even get Kiryu to
trust me or any of us now? Do I already have to restart this damned loop? I’m just… so tired of all
this.
As Rika walked into the school building and entered the classroom, she immediately realized
something was off. Rena was looking down at her desk, as if she was ashamed to even be there.
I figured Rena would be looking depressed, but why does the whole classroom have a dreary
atmosphere? Most of the students look like they’re in a funk, just like her.
“Meep, what’s wrong with everyone?”
“Oh, Rika, um… hey,” Mion said solemnly.
“Rika, did you happen to see Teach on your way here?” Keiichi asked.
Rika tried and failed to hide the extreme concern on her face?
Don't tell me... Is Kiryu not in Hinamizawa anymore?!
“Nope, did something happen to him?”
“He’s probably fine; it’s just, um…” Keiichi hesitated to answer, which prompted Satoko to speak
up.
“Nobody has seen Kiryu around today. As for why it’s best if Rena explains what happened.”
Rika's heart sunk into her chest.
You have to be kidding me.
Rena’s eyes looked up to meet Rika’s. She took a deep breath and began to explain, “I was walking
home with Kiryu when suddenly the topic of the curse of Oyashiro came up. I didn’t want to make
him feel afraid, so I lied about there being no curse. It turns out Kiryu already knew some
information and had lied too. We had a bit of a disagreement, but things were starting to go well
after our misunderstanding. That was until he mentioned he didn’t believe in the curse.”

Rena sniffled as tears started to well up in her eyes.
“I don’t know what came over me. I started to become frantic and grabbed his arm very hard,
begging him to believe in the curse. He got angrier and continued to doubt it. I just wanted to
protect him from the curse, but I… I”
Rena then put her head in her hands as her sorrow flowed down her cheeks. “I just wanted to
protect him, but I completely lost it and freaked him out. He didn’t even say anything, he just
looked at me as if he had seen a monster. He ran away from me, and never looked back. Why does
it always have to turn out this way? Is Kiryu going to leave us just like Satoshi did? I desperately
don’t want any more victims. Please Rika, can you ask Oyashiro to somehow protect Kiryu from
the curse this year? I just… I don’t know what to do.”
A harsh silence filled the room. Nobody could say anything or knew what to say. Everyone could
only look at the ground or away from Rena unable to comfort her. Rika stood there, unable to reply
either, grinding her teeth together in frustration.
Why do my friends have to keep suffering? I’ve seen them hurt or killed an uncountable amount of
times. I tried so hard to distance myself, but it still hurts every time I see it. Am I this powerless to
help everyone?
No… I don’t care if it takes another century. I will save my friends. I will save everyone, and get the
happy ending I deserve. Kiryu, I don’t know who or what you are. I don't know if you're even in
Hinamizawa anymore. Maybe you’ve intentionally caused this loop, or maybe it was
unintentionally and from factors outside your control. I hope deep down you will be our ally, that
maybe you are as kind and compassionate as you seem. Maybe you even have Hinamizawa’s best
interests in mind.
However, if you get between me and my friends’ happy ending… I swear I’ll make you regret it. You
won’t stop me. You won’t stop us. I’ll stop both you and Takano no matter what it takes. I swear it.

Chapter 7: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 6: A Chance Meeting
&amp; Making Things Right
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was Wednesday morning. Kiryu was not wandering the rural streets of Hinamizawa, but rather
was walking along the busier, modern streets of Okinomiya. Cigarette in mouth, hands in pocket,
gray suit flowing in the wind, and a stern gaze. One could easily mistake him for the yakuza he
used to be.
What the hell is wrong with me? Am I that pathetic that I had to come here to escape what
happened yesterday?
Kiryu sighed as he continued to walk aimlessly.
Kiryu got an hour of sleep last night at most. He wasn’t even planning on taking a bus to
Okinomiya, but he felt he had to get away from Hinamizawa for a bit. He had no destination. He
was just walking along the streets aimlessly with no goal in mind.
Kiryu had used a pay phone and told Chie he wouldn’t be there today with a half-baked excuse of
being sick, but he doubted she even believed him. Even if she did, he figured the truth was
probably out by now.
It’s ridiculous. I still can’t believe I ran away from Rena. Just because what? I was scared? Scared
of what? I mean, ... yeah, her eyes startled me and her grasp was surprisingly strong, but… but…
Kiryu stopped walking and winced holding his arm, recalling the pain he felt. He then shook his
head to wake himself up and started walking again.
She’s just a damned teenage girl! What am I getting so worked up about?! Yeah, it hurts, but I
freaked her out. I was inconsiderate, and shouldn’t have escalated the situation. She very clearly
believes in this “Oyashiro” and his curse. Of course, I don’t believe in it still, but there have been
people dying every year. She was just looking out for me and trying to warn me. I’d perhaps be the
same way too if I was in her shoes. Hell, I only came here to try and protect Nishiki and Dad
because I had a bad feeling.
Kiryu put out the cigarette and threw it away into a nearby trash can.
Despite me knowing better, there… was still the truth of what I saw. Rena blazed with a vicious,
blue heat aura and her expression was… horrifying. Her cries keep ringing in my ears, but I can’t
make heads or tells of it. Who is Satoshi? Both Rena and Rika have auras? What the fuck is going
on?
... Fine, I’ll admit it. I wasn’t just scared. I was terrified for my life. I’m still not quite sure what
overcame me, but I just know instinctually I lost it and panicked.
It's just when it comes to my fight-or-flight response, I’ve always been one to fight. So why did I
choose “flight” there?

Kiryu held his head feeling a little woozy.
Ugh, I do not have enough sleep or energy to process all this. I need to grab a bite somewhere. I
could really go for some Sushi Gin or Smile Burger right now, but I've not seen any of those around
here.
Kiryu kept walking for a few minutes until he saw what looked like a café not too far away.
Angel Mort? Oh yeah, I’ve seen this building once before. Some coffee is probably the best thing I
could have right now. Let’s see what this place has to offer.
Kiryu walked in and took a seat at an empty booth. He leaned back and relaxed.
It smells nice here. There’s nothing quite like the smell of a good cup of coffee to wake you up in the
morning. They had pictures of some delicious-looking desserts out front too. I might order myself
on-"
Kiryu then saw a waitress walking past.
… Those outfits are rather revealing, aren’t they? If I didn’t know any better, I’d say I’m in a
cabaret club and these are hostesses. This is a café… right?
The attire was revealing, but it was definitely unlike the dresses for Kamurocho hostesses Kiryu
was used to seeing. The only words Kiryu could think to describe them was "anime-like".
Kiryu then looked around at the other customers and had an epiphany.
Oh… it’s that type of place.
Kiryu then sunk into his chair blushing.
Great, I’ve walked into a den of perverts. I’ve been a bit of a horndog in the past, sure. However, to
enter a place like this now is… awkward to say the least.
Oh well, I guess beggars can’t be choosers. I do need some caffeine in my system, so I’ll just order
to go. I don’t need to stay here any longer than necessary.
Kiryu then saw a familiar-looking girl with green hair among the waitresses.
What the… Is that Mion?! What the hell is she doing here?! She works at this place?!
Sweat began to appear on Kiryu’s forehead.
Oh, crap! If she sees me here, of all places… I got to get the hell out of here! For a teacher to see
their student like this is unacceptable. If I don’t, a huge misunderstanding is going to happen. Ok,
just casually walk out of here befoKiryu couldn’t finish that thought as said green-haired girl began to walk right towards him to take
his order.
Shit! Here she comes! What do I do?!

It was too late. The waitress had already arrived at Kiryu’s booth. “Welcome to Angel Mort! May I
take your order?”
Kiryu didn’t move an inch.
… Does she not recognize me, or is she pretending not to? Should I go along with this to save face?
Agh, I’d best not. Being honest is the best action here.
“Um… look, Mion, this is my first time here. I didn’t know this was this kind of place… er, not
that I’m judging you for working here. There are a lot of young girls like you working at places like
this back in Kamurocho, so I get it. If money is that tight, I can-”
The waitress was confused for a second and then laughed, interrupting Kiryu.
“Ahaha, ah sir, would you happen to be a new resident of Hinamizawa? I’m sorry, but you’re
mistaken. I’m Shion Sonozaki, Mion’s younger twin sister.”
Mion’s… sister?!
Kiryu was shocked at first but started to relax as the tension drained from his body.
“You’re… Mion’s sister?”
“Yes, that’d be correct, sir,” confirmed Shion.
Now that I take a look at her, she’s not exactly Mion. Her hair is let down, and not in a ponytail.
Her way of speaking also comes off as slightly more refined than Mion's. They look the exact same
otherwise, though. It’s kind of jarring.
“Don’t worry, it’s a more common mistake than you’d think,” assured Shion.
“I… see.”
“Wait, you look a little familiar. You wouldn’t happen to be Kiryu, would you?”
“Have we met before?”
“Ahaha, I’m afraid not. I only know about you, because Sis has told me a lot about you. You’re the
new teacher at the local school in Hinamizawa, right?”
I never knew Mion had a sister, and now she’s saying Mion talks about me to her regularly?
“That’d be correct, yes. What has she told you about me out of curiosity?”
“Hmm, let me see. She described you as a rough-looking man in his mid-20s, who would often
wear a gray suit with a red shirt underneath it. You looked scary, but you were nice and sweet in
reality. You recently started teaching PE at the school, and even incorporated martial arts into the
curriculum.”
Well… it’s a flattering depiction of myself, at least.
“I don’t think you’ll be able to teach much to Sis, however. She may not look like it, but she’s quite
good at martial arts."

"She is?"
Yeah, despite being young, she could take on most grown men in a fight. I don’t think she’s as good
in a fight as you are, though. I’ve heard you even beat the principal of the school there, and he used
to be like a legendary martial artist.
"Er, yeah I did. He's incredibly strong."
"I've heard. Although, I think Sis would still give you a good fight.”
Huh… she might be more like a real yakuza than I thought.
"Trust me, I'm not trying to get into any fights with my own students."
Shion laughed at the absurd idea. “She also told me you joined her club yesterday. Hee-hee, you
sounded so confident before playing only to lose pretty hard. Seems you’ve already become a
victim of Sis and her friends’ antics.”
Kiryu’s stomach churned at remembering his encounter with Chie. “I’d rather not recall that
penalty if you don’t mind.”
“Ahaha, sorry. My sister and her friends are quite the handful. Please do take care of yourself
around them. I also heard about Rena’s ‘live demonstration’ in your PE class. She can be quite
unexpectedly fearsome when she sees something cute. I’ll warn you not to use that strategy to teach
a move again.”
Kiryu’s eyebrows raised at hearing Rena’s name.
Ah, Rena… that’s right. I’m such a dumbass. I’m going to go back to Hinamizawa and apologize to
her properly. I must’ve hurt her feelings badly, and here I am sitting in a café lounging around. She
was out there last night in the rain standing there for what must’ve been hours. It’ll be a miracle if
the poor girl doesn’t have a cold. ... Ok, new plan. I'll order that coffee to go, and head right back
asap. It's early in the morning, so I should have enough time to make it back before class starts.
“Is something wrong, Kiryu?”
Kiryu had been distracted and was brought back to reality. “... No, sorry. Was just thinking about
something.”
Shion suddenly gasped. “Oh! How silly of me! I forgot you’re here to order some food, right?
“Oh um… yes. I’ll just take some coffee. Make it black, please. I’ll take it to go.”
“Coming right up, Mr. Kiryu ~” Shion said in a teasing voice.
As Shion left Kiryu’s booth, he leaned back.
Huh, so that was Mion’s sister named Shion. She’s very much her own person, despite the similar
looks. She seems like such a nice young lady. I wouldn’t expect her to work here, but everyone
needs to make a living somehow.
… Isn’t it kind of weird that I’ve never seen or heard of her before? I’m not super close to Mion, but
it’s strange she never mentioned she had a sister. In fact, I’ve not heard anyone from Hinamizawa

mention her, and yet Mion’s friends seem to be familiar with her to a degree. Does she not live in
Hinamizawa with her family? Have I seen her around, and just mistook her for MIon?
… Nah, there’s no way. Too many things don’t line up if she’s been in Hinamizawa all this time.
“Here’s your coffee, Kiryu,” Shion said with a pleasant smile.
“Thank you, Shion. Before I go, I wanted to ask do you not live with your family in Hinamizawa? I
only ask since I’ve never seen you around there.”
Shion’s eyes moved away, avoiding Kiryu’s glance. “Ah… about that. Let’s just say my
relationship with my family isn’t the best.”
“O-Oh… I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Don’t get me wrong, I’m on great terms with my sister, mother, and a few other family members. I
just hate my grandmother.”
Grandmother? She must mean Oryou Sonozaki.
Oryou was the reigning leader of the Sonozaki Family. Kiryu had heard she was the only woman
who ran a yakuza organization in Japan, and if her reputation was accurate then she more than lived
up to the role she played.
“Don’t tell Mion I said this, but she really is a bitch. I wouldn’t mind seeing her bite the dust this
year.”
Wow, that’s pretty harsh. I guess she can be as sharp-tongued, as she can be polite…
“I won’t tell Mion anything. I’m sorry you’re so… estranged from some of your family.”
Kiryu cringed inside a little.
I definitely could have said that better.
Shion waved her hand like it was no big deal. “It’s fine. I’m used to it. I’m no martial artist like Sis,
but I’m still pretty tough myself,” Shion winked at Kiryu.
“I can believe it.”
“Anyways, thank you for coming to Angel Mort! We hope to see you again, and that you have a
nice day,” Shion said, bowing.
“Heh, I’ll consider it. It was nice to meet you, Shion.”
“You too, Kiryu.”
Kiryu waved and headed out the door with a fresh cup of coffee. He stopped to look at his watch.
It’s 9:20. If I call a taxi, I might be able to get back to HInamizawa around 10.
Kiryu began walking down the sidewalk.

What an insane chance meeting. I still think it’s odd Mion and her friends never told me about
Shion, but I guess the topic just never came up? She must live here in Okinomiya. Whatever, I’ll
mention that I met her when I get back.
Shion's choice words for her grandma ran through Kiryu's head.
I'm grateful I still have a good relationship with Dad. I’m not envious of her family situation.
Makes sense she could hate her grandma. If it’s not the whole yakuza business, maybe the grandma
did something to her? For them to be twin sisters, and only one being the heir… yeah, I can think
of a few ideas.
Kiryu then stopped in his tracks and nearly dropped his coffee.
Wait a second…
Kiryu then did a 180, and almost sprinted back to the cafe. He rushed inside and looked around
frantically for Shion.
Dammit, she couldn’t have left already. She still has to be here. I have to talk to her. I'm sorry Rena,
just hold on a bit longer. This is just as important.
“Did you forget your wallet or something, Kiryu? You look a little frazzled.”
Kiryu turned his head in the direction of the voice and found Shion.
Oh, thank God. She’s still here.
Kiryu regained his composure, and calmly asked, “Hey Shion, do you mind if I catch you later after
work? I wanted to talk about something in private.”
Shion covered her mouth, pretending to be embarrassed. “Oh, Kiryu! I must compliment you on
your good taste, and I must say you are quite handsome. I’m sorry to say you’re a little too old for
my liking. I appreciate the notion, however.”
Kiryu blushed and waved his hands. “Woah! I-I didn’t mean that. I just wanted to-”
“Ahahahaha, I’m just teasing Kiryu. You’re so cute when you’re flustered.”
“O-Oh…”
Lovely, both sisters also share a mischievous streak.
“Normally, I wouldn’t. Since you’re a good friend of Sis’s, though, I’ll help you out. Here, I’ll give
you my phone number, and you can call me later tonight. Aren’t you lucky to meet and get a
young, pretty girl’s phone number all within the same day?”
“Mmm… sure I guess.”
“Hee-hee, you’re not that great around girls, are you Kiryu?”
“It’s more that you’re a minor and also look like one of my students, so it’s doubly awkward.”

“Oh hmm, that’s true. Alright, I’ll stop teasing you Kiryu. I don’t want to make you too
uncomfortable. I’m sure my sister and her friends are already more than enough to handle.
“Thank you, Shion. Does say... 9:00 tonight sound good?”
“Yeah, that works fine.”
“Great, I’ll call you then. Have a nice day, Shion.”
“You too, Kiryu!”
Kiryu now left Angel Mort for real this time.
I’m taking a big risk here, but it might pay off. Shion could be the breakthrough I'm looking for
here. If I can confirm whether the Sonozakis are involved or not, I’ll have what I need.
I’m also hoping they’re not responsible, since if I confirm that… how do I still prevent a war from
happening? Should I talk to Oryou, and step in as a representative of the Tojo Clan even if I’m not
an actual member anymore?
Kiryu shook his head and focused.
Never mind that. I should just focus on my next course of action. I need to get back to Hinamizawa
and apologize to Rena.
No, not just her, but my whole class. I lied to Chie, just because I was a little scared.
I need to be brave now. I’ll never get any answers if I run away. Hang on Rena, I’ll be there soon.
~~~~
C’mon! I’m almost there.
Kiryu was dashing through Hinamizawa.
“Good morning, Kiryu. Are you late for school today?” An elderly man asked him as Kiryu ran
past his house.
“Uh, yeah, you could say that. Sorry, can’t talk. Have to go. Have a nice day!”
Kiryu waved at the old man and got back to running.
Dammit, I didn’t expect there to be so much traffic. I should’ve been back here by 10, but it’s
already 10:30. I know the taxi driver could only go so fast, but why today of all days?!
After a few minutes, Kiryu finally reached the schoolyard. He took a minute to catch his breath and
then walked inside. He figured it was best to check in with Chie before he did anything else.
Upon entering the faculty room, Chie looks up with a surprised face.
“Kiryu?! I thought you called in sick today?”
“I... wasn’t fully truthful with you over the phone, Chie. I wasn’t entirely wrong in saying I felt
sick, but it was just an excuse. I’ll explain in more detail later. For now, I need to go talk to Rena

and the class as a whole.”
“Wait! I heard about what happened between you and Rena. Are you sure you’re ok?”
“... It was my fault, Chie. She’s my student, and the way I acted was shameful. I’m going to set
things right. It’s my duty as a teacher here.”
“O-Ok, Kiryu. I would have been fine with you taking the day off, just to clarify.”
Chie couldn’t see it, but a warm smile appeared briefly on Kiryu’s face. “I appreciate it, but it
would be wrong to abandon you. I need to rectify my mistake.”
Kiryu went to open the classroom door, but hesitated.
It’s fine. Just go in and apologize. Simple as that.
… Ok fine, it’s not quite as simple as that. Will Rena freak out upon seeing me? Am I going to end
up saying the wrong thing, and just make things worse?
Kiryu then clenched his fist.
Dammit, this is not the time to be second-guessing myself! Whatever happens, happens. I’ve put
myself into this mess, and only I can fix it.
Kiryu took a deep breath and finally opened the classroom door.
~~~~
The atmosphere of the classroom was still dreadfully heavy. The ambiance of a funeral would be an
apt comparison. Rena was still downcast, and Rika could only sit at her desk, blankly gazing off
into the horizon.
I hate this. I hate this so much. I hate that I can’t do anything to comfort Rena. I hate that I can’t
even comfort myself. As much as I wish I could, I’ll never get used to my friends and fellow students
being like this.
“Rika!”
Hanyuu’s yell woke Rika up.
“Hanyuu?! What’s wrong?”
“Nothing is wrong. Kiryu is about to be here!”
Rika’s face soured in disgust at hearing Kiryu’s name. “If this is your definition of a joke, I’m not
laughing. There’s no way he’s coming back here.”
“Rika, I’m serious! He should open the door any moment now!”
An agonizingly long minute passed by. “You might have seen him back here in Hinamizawa
Hanyuu, but I doubt he’ll come here. He’s probably packing his things and is ready to leave.”
“I swear, I saw him running towards the school! Please believe me, Rika!”

“It’s not that I don’t believe you Hanyuu; it’s just…”
There’s no way he would come back here. I just can’t see it happening. Who in their right mind
would?
He’s… abandoned us. It’s probably for the best he has. We don’t need him. He shouldn’t even exist
in this fragment, to begin with. I’m sorry Hanyuu, butJust then, the classroom door opened. To everyone’s bewilderment, the person that came through
was none other than Kiryu.
“See, Rika! I told you he was coming back au au!” Rika didn’t even register what Hanyuu said.
He… came back?
The rest of the class was equally as shocked. Within the next moment, Rena stood up from her
chair and entered a near sprint.
“Kiryu!”
She nearly pounced on Kiryu grabbing onto him and holding him tight. Tears began to well in her
eyes as she hugged him.
“I-I’m so sorry, Kiryu! I’m so sorry about what I did! I *sob* thought you were going to leave us.
Please forgive me. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry!”
Rena continued to wail. Kiryu looked scared at first but quickly changed to a slight smile.
“No Rena, I should be the one to apologize.”
She looked up at Kiryu, her face tinged with confusion, and regret.
“H-Huh?”
Kiryu began to rub Rena’s head lovingly as if she were his own daughter. “You were just trying to
protect me from the curse. I completely disregarded your feelings and made you become hysterical.
I ran away for no reason. I ran from my own student just trying to look out for me. I’m sorry, Rena.
I hope that maybe you can find it in your heart to forgive your foolish teacher.”
Rena took a few seconds to process what Kiryu was saying before retorting, “No, it was my fault!
You did nothing wrong, Kiryu! I completely lost my cool and horrified you. I… I showed you a
side of me I hate. I-I just…”
“Rena, I forgive you.”
Rena stopped her rambling and met Kiryu’s gaze. “Y-You do?”
“I don’t care what you did, Rena. We both made mistakes. It’s fine, sometimes these things happen
in life. Honestly, you pretty much did nothing wrong in my opinion. You were intense about it,
admittedly, but I know you had good intentions at heart. I already forgave you long ago last night,
so please now forgive yourself.”

Rena couldn’t say anything. All she could do was begin to cry again and hold on to Kiryu tightly.
Kiryu wrapped his other arm around Rena and continued to rub her head. “I told you I wouldn’t
leave Rena. I’ll stay here as long as need be if that’s what it takes to make you happy again.”
Nobody dared to interrupt the scene that was taking place in front of them. Rika was in awe at what
she was seeing.
… What am I watching right now? He not only came back, but he's comforting Rena?
“Rika… before now, I couldn’t tell you if Kiryu would be our ally or not. I’m still not 100% sure if
we can trust him or not.” Rika turned to look at Hanyuu. She was grinning from ear to ear.
“However, I can say now he’s a genuinely good person. This is living proof of it.
Rika couldn’t even offer a rebuttal. She was still speechless, but a soft smile began to form on her
face.
… Perhaps this world isn’t doomed just yet. Just maybe… Kiryu can be our ally after all.

Chapter End Notes

Wanted to say this is probably my fave chapter I've written so far. This is the most emotional
scene in the fic I've written so far, and I hope I did well with it. Thank you for reading as
always.

Chapter 8: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 7: Satoshi
Rena was still in Kiryu's arms. Her tears were staining his suit, but he didn't mind at all. As he
comforted her, he thought about this whole predicament.
It’s somewhat strange. In the short time I’ve been here, I didn’t expect to become so attached to the
people here. I still haven’t forgotten my “mission”, but I was planning to leave once everything was
said and done. … I don’t think I can do that now. I haven’t known these kids for long, and yet I feel
like I’ve bonded with them so much within a short amount of time.
Here I am treating this young girl like she’s my own flesh and blood. Is this… normal for teachers
to do, I wonder? I s this what being a parent is like? Wanting to protect this child, and make her
happy? It’s hard to describe, but that is probably the most accurate description I can give of what
I’m feeling.
I've had a bad feeling in the back of my head about Hinamizawa, but now... maybe it's not so bad?
Dammit, why do I have to be thinking about this stuff now, when I’m just trying to comfort Rena? It
was because of my overthinking stuff, that I ran away from here in the first place. She’s still sobbing
even now… oh wait. I think she’s starting to stop.
The puzzling cacophony ringing in Kiryu’s head stopped as he noticed Rena let go of him and
wiped away her tears. Her usual energetic grin began to form. “Thank you, Kiryu. I needed that,
hau. I’m sorry I made a scene in front of the class.”
“It’s fine, Rena. I don’t mind at all. Nonetheless, I still have to apologize for one more thing.”
Kiryu then faced the rest of the class and gave a slight bow. “As your teacher, I apologize for
abandoning my position today. I let some silly notions get between me and my responsibilities. I’m
still feeling a bit under the weather, so I hope you can forgive me for my actions and for not doing
P.E. class today. At the least, I wanted to be here today and take responsibility for my actions. I
promise I’ll be right back teaching tomorrow.”
Silence followed for a few moments before Mion began to clap. “Well, I’ll be. Our Mr. Kiryu is
quite a fine and humble man, isn’t he? As class president, this old man shall accept your apology. If
you truly desire forgiveness though, I expect you to join our club again this evening if you dare,
fufufu.”
Mion wore her signature smirk, and Kiryu could only respond with one himself in kind. “Sure,
Mion. Don’t think I’ll lose again.”
Keiichi then stood up on his chair and raises his fist into the air. “That’s what I’m talking about,
Teach! Let’s give three cheers to the star of today’s show, Kiryu!”
The class followed Keiichi’s example and cheered on Kiryu. Kiryu could only feel these cheers
were unwarranted. “T-thank you, but I don’t deserve any praise after everything.”
“On the contrary, I would say you are absolutely deserving of it.”
Kiryu turned to face the doorway and saw a familiar face. “Kaieda?! I-I’m sorry, I talked to Chie
but didn’t talk to-”

Kaieda then held up his hand. “It’s fine. I’m aware of the situation.”
He walked into the room and put a hand on Kiryu’s shoulder. “I must say you’ve handled it
splendidly.”
“I… wouldn’t exactly say that Kaieda.”
Kaieda just closed his eyes and chuckled to himself. He then turned to the class and addressed
them. “There’s been a rumor going around that I hired Mr. Kiryu just because he beat me in a
friendly duel. While he did best me in battle, I want to clarify I hired him because he is a good man.
I consider myself a good judge of character, and this man is as honorable as they come. If there was
any doubt of that, let Mr. Kiryu’s actions today diminish that idea. He and Ms. Chie are talented,
young adults I am honored to work alongside. While he did make a mistake, I never doubted that
Mr. Kiryu would come back to us. I ask, may we please give a round of applause for Mr. Kiryu
today after his exceptional showing of maturity and kindness.”
Kaieda began to clap and soon the whole class joined in. Kiryu could only stand there in awkward
awe.
He… really thinks that highly of me?
“I… don’t know what to say.”
“You’ve said all you need to say. Didn’t you just give Ms. Rena a speech about forgiveness? You’re
a good man Kiryu, so please also forgive yourself.”
Kiryu could only give a blank stare and then laughed at his own words being used against him.
“Heh, what can I say to that?”
~~~~
It was now afternoon. The day had gone by rather smoothly. School was done for the day, and
Kiryu had joined his fellow club members for a game of mahjong and was considering his options.
Hmm, what do I play here? I’ve been doing a lot better than I was yesterday, but I’m far from safe.
Today’s penalty will have the loser be carried home bridal style while wearing… cat ears and a cat
tail.
Mion is creatively sadistic when it comes to these penalties. There’s no way I can lose this one.
Chie was scary, but I can live that one down. To have all five of these kids carry their teacher home
while wearing… those? I refuse.
Kiryu then looked over to Rena. She was focused and trying to decide her next move
Wow, it’s as if the entirety of yesterday and this morning never happened. She’s back to her old self
just like that. I’m almost impressed at how easily she bounced back.
I’m starting to think the fear caused me to hallucinate. There’s no way that ferocious girl with that
erupting heat aura was the same Rena sitting next to me now, right? I mean, she was genuinely
pissed, but I think my fear exaggerated my perception of it.
Kiryu’s eyebrows then raised, remembering something.

Oh yeah, didn’t she mention someone named Satoshi while yelling? … I have no clue who that is.
Am I supposed to know that person?
Kiryu had seen the name before on an old locker but just assumed it was for a student no longer at
school.
I suppose it couldn't hurt to ask.
“By the way guys, I wanted to ask. I’ve seen this name on the lockers before, but have thought
nothing of it till now. Did there use to be a student here by the name of Satoshi?”
The kids froze, and a chilling sensation could be felt within the room.
… Did I say something I shouldn't have? Oh fuck, please let this not be a repeat of the Rena
situation yesterday.
Rena would be the first to speak up in a somewhat anxious voice. “Did we never mention him
before? Before?”
Kiryu felt he should consider his next words carefully. “Um, no. I just remember hearing you
mention him yesterday during… anyways, I was just curious.”
Mion sensing that this conversation could go south quickly spoke up. “Ah, I can’t believe we never
told you. Satoshi is Satoko’s older brother.”
What?! I’ve never heard of Satoko having a sibling.
“Satoko’s older… I thought Satoko lived with just Rika and no one else?”
You could audibly hear Satoko swallow her saliva before chiming in with a forced cheery voice.
“Y-Yeah, he’s my older brother.”
Kiryu was completely befuddled. “... Ok fine, how come I’ve never seen him around Hinamizawa
before?”
Satoko hesitated to give a reply, but Mion answered for her. “Oh, it's simple. He transferred to
another school a year ago. He and Satoko keep in touch regularly over the phone.”
“Oh ok… you do sometimes see each other in person, I assume?”
Keiichi would be the next to speak up. “Of course, they’re great siblings. I’m honestly jealous. I
wish I could have a cute younger sister like Satoko.”
Satoko continued off of Keiichi’s statement. “Oho, I appreciate the gesture Keiichi, but you could
never replace Nii-Nii. He’s the best Nii-Nii in the world!”
“Nii-Nii?” Kiryu inquired.
“Meep, that’s Satoko’s nickname for Satoshi,” Rika said softly.
“Ohhhh,” Kiryu said.

Things were looking to get back to normal when Satoko solemnly said, “... I haven’t seen him for
about a year now, though… ”
Everybody looked at Satoko, but she quickly caught herself, “Don’t worry! I know Nii-Nii will
come back eventually. He’s just been… busy. A-Anyways Kiryu, don’t think you’ve won this game
yet! I have quite a few tricks up my sleeve, still. Ohohoho!”
Kiryu forced a grin and calmly said, “I’m sure he will, Satoko. Also, that’s what you think. I played
just as much mahjong as poker back in Kamurocho, so don’t think you’ll win this one.”
The tension started to dissipate as everyone got back to the game, with Kiryu seemingly satisfied
with those answers. That was far from the truth.
Oh fuck me, I just had to ask about the one topic I shouldn't have. Great timing, me.
Kiryu kept a neutral expression as did the rest of the kids everyone involved hoping the topic
wouldn't come up again.
Kids… I’m sure you have your reasons, but I’m not stupid. I can see the pain in your eyes, and the
clear discomfort you hold talking about him. I won’t push anymore about it, as it’s clearly a
sensitive topic.
Still, what the hell happened to him? Didn’t Rena yell something about him and the curse of
Oyashiro? Did something… happen to Satoshi?
I’ll restrain myself from asking anything more for now, but… I have a feeling he didn’t just
“transfer” away to some other school.
~~~~
It was now nighttime. Kiryu was sitting in his house thinking about today's events.
Phew, I managed to escape the penalty today. It was looking bad near the end, but I managed to
clutch it somehow.
Today’s loser, unexpectedly, was Mion. Keiichi offered to carry her home teasing and mocking her.
Kiryu felt a bit bad for Mion, so I offered to carry her instead and she accepted.
I think she might have regretted that, though. I didn’t mind doing it, but she started to blush as time
went on and couldn’t look me in the eyes even as I let her down at her house and she said goodbye.
She may be a tomboy, but she’s still a girl. The cat ears and tail didn’t exactly detract from the
embarrassment either.
In hindsight, maybe I should have stayed quiet and just let Keiichi do it. I’m not positive, but I think
Mion might have a “thing” for Keiichi. At the same time, you’re probably too dense and young to
even understand Mion’s feelings. Not that I’ve had much luck with romance myself…
Kiryu leaned back in his chair, stretching his body.
Man, what a freaking day. First, I learn Mion has a sister that lives in Okinomiya, and now Satoko
also has a brother that lives… somewhere. What are even the odds?

Kiryu mentioned to Mion he had met Shion earlier, and asked how come he hadn’t seen her around.
She hastily gave Kiryu an excuse that she forgot to mention it and apologized.
I guess Shion’s family situation really is that messy. In some ways, I feel like I’m taking one step
forward, and two steps back. This town has far too many mysteries for its size and population. I
hope and pray Shion can finally give me some solid answers tonight.
Kiryu looked at the clock to see what time it is.
Speaking of which, it’s almost time to call her.
Kiryu waited until the clock hit 9:00 p.m. exactly, and then input the number he was given. As the
phone rang over and over, Kiryu tapped his foot impatiently.
C’mon, c’mon. Don’t let me down, Shion.
The phone stopped ringing, and the voice of a young girl could be heard through the phone. “Is
this, Kiryu?”
Kiryu sat up in his chair and replied quickly. “Yes, is this Shion Sonozaki?”
“Ah, Kiryu! It’s nice to hear from you.”
Kiryu relaxed a little. “It’s good to hear from you, too.”
“So, what did you want to talk about?”
Here we go… it’s probably best if I am mostly honest to get her attention and trust. I can’t reveal
everything, but I need to take a slight risk here.
“Shion, is there anyone around you now as we’re talking?”
Shion paused for a moment, before replying, “No, but what does that have to do with anything?”
“Shion, please listen carefully. What I’m about to tell you must stay a secret. I can’t tell you
everything, but I need you to trust me on this. Just know this pertains to the safety of Mion, her
friends, and potentially the entirety of Hinamizawa. I’m trying to find some info to protect them all,
but I can’t let my true intentions or identity be revealed here. I’m turning to you since you’re my
safest bet at this point.”
A minute or so passed as Shion contemplated what Kiryu could even mean.
“... Ok, I’m listening.”
“Last month, two yakuza from Tokyo were killed and found near Hinamizawa. A… certain
organization dislikes this and might cause trouble for Mion’s family if they don’t get an answer to
who killed them. I imagine I don’t need to say they suspect the Sonozakis killed them both. Now, I
don’t know whether they did kill them or not. That’s actually what I’m trying to secretly find out.
To clarify, I wanted to ask, do you know any info about this incident, and more specifically, do you
know if the Sonozakis killed them or not?”
A few minutes passed as Shion took in everything Kiryu was saying. She finally asked one simple
question. “If they did kill them, what would you do about it, Kiryu?”

What would I do?
Kiryu paused to decide the right answer he should give. “I would report back to said organization
but would do everything in my power to stop any trouble from being caused for the Sonozakis. I
would use any connections and any other resources I have to protect them.”
“Could you guarantee their safety, Kiryu? I care for my sister deeply, so I need to know your
resolve.”
“I… couldn’t 100% guarantee their safety, no. However, I know I would risk my life to protect her
and everyone else in Hinamizawa if that’s what it came to. I’d take on the entire organization, and
win. I’d make sure of it no matter what.”
“Empty promises are easy to make, Kiryu. I know that better than anyone. You sound positive you
can take on this whole organization, but can’t even guarantee my sister’s safety? How can I trust
you fully?”
Kiryu didn’t reply and bit his lip.
What can I say to get her to understand my resolve?
“Shion… if anything were to happen to Mion, then I’ll say this. Please feel free to hurt me in any
way or even kill me as punishment. I’ll take full responsibility. That’s how determined I am.”
Shion gasped and went silent. Half a minute passed before she spoke again. “H-Hey! Don’t just
casually say stuff like that, you idiot! The last thing I want is for you to die! Fine, I believe you.
I’ll… trust you.”
Kiryu was finally able to breathe and sat back in his chair. “Thank you, Shion. You don’t know how
much this means to me.” Shion then sighed. “Um, is something wrong, Shion?”
“I must confess, Kiryu. I don’t know anything about these two murdered yakuza. I’m sorry for
leading you on, I just needed to know for sure if I could trust you myself.”
Kiryu could only feel defeated upon hearing this.
Dammit! I thought I was finally on the right track.
Oh, who am I kidding? It was never going to be this easy. I've had terrible luck recently, this is just
one more thing to add to the pile.
Not wanting to be rude, Kiryu then said, “It’s fine, Shion. It’s not your fault. I knew this could be a
dead-end.”
“Well, it doesn’t necessarily have to be a dead-end. I could ask Sis or Kasai about it.”
“Er, I would ask that you also keep this a secret from Mion. Things could get… hairy for me if she
found out my true identity. I’m not saying you would reveal it necessarily, but I don’t want her to
be suspicious of me.”
“Mmm, yeah, that makes sense. I don’t like keeping secrets from Sis, but if this is as serious as you
say, it seems I have no choice.”

“Also, who’s Kasai?”
“Oh, oops! I forgot to mention. He’s like my bodyguard. He was quite the legendary yakuza back in
the day, but he got injured and takes safer jobs now like protecting me. He may look scary, but he’s
a cool dude once you get to know him. He’s a little similar to you in some ways, hee-hee.”
“Can you trust him to keep this a secret, as well?”
“Oh, yeah! I know him better than nearly anyone else. I’ll say it in just the right way that he’ll look
into it without revealing anything to the main family. I trust Kasai as much as I trust Sis for what
it’s worth.”
“That’s… a pretty good vouch, I suppose. Ok fine, I’ll agree on Kasai. No one else, though.”
“Of course, Kiryu. Thank you for looking out for Mion and her friends. I’ve heard plenty of good
things about you, and you seem to live up to expectations. Did you need to ask about anything
else?”
“Hmm, no, that should be about-”
Kiryu cut himself off.
… Wait, would she know anything about Satoshi?
“Well, there is one thing. I doubt you’d know much, if anything, but would you happen to know
anything about a student who used to go to the school in Hinamizawa by the name of Satoshi? He
apparently transferred to another school about a year ago.”
Shion inhaled sharply and then inquired in a deep, almost threatening voice. “Where did you hear
that name and info from?”
... I shouldn't even be surprised at this point. What is this? Third time within last few days I've
asked about something I shouldn't have? I have to find out information somehow, dammit.
‘I got that info from Mion and her friends. I asked them about him today”
Shion sighed again, this time more annoyed than previously. “Kiryu, I probably don’t need to tell
you they’re lying, right?”
“... No, I could tell something was up. That’s why I’m specifically asking you.”
“Kiryu, you care about Satoko deeply, yes?”
“Absolutely, I deeply care about every single one of my students. I… might be ever so slightly
more biased towards Satoko than the rest, but I’d put my life on the line to protect every single
one.”
“Then, I think it’s best you know the truth. Sit down, this will take a while.”
“I already am.”
“Good, then let me explain.”

Shion then started to tell a harrowing tale.
“There's no sensitive way to tell you all this, just know it's going to be very heavy. To start Satoko’s
parents died when she was younger, and she and Satoshi were then moved in with her uncle and
aunt."
"Right, I think I heard about that at some point."
"Ok well, this is going to sound horrible, but I’d best just say it. Her uncle and aunt were abusive to
both of them, but especially Satoko.”
Kiryu impulsively stood up and shouted. “What?! Where the hell are they now?! I’ll-”
“Wait, Kiryu! Please! Let me finish!”
Kiryu gritted his teeth and held his tongue. He took a deep breath, and then sat down again,
clenching his fist. “Sorry, Shion… please go on.”
“... Anyways, she would often come to school looking near lifeless. You can imagine how that
would affect a girl of her age.”
Kiryu clenched his fist so tightly that his knuckles began to go white. “... Go on.”
“The uncle wasn’t the worst of it. The aunt was far worse. Satoko would always cry and hide
behind her brother, leaving Satoshi to receive the brunt of the abuse. He was the median between
Satoko and her horrific aunt. Satoshi was the best brother Satoko could ask for. He loved his sister
dearly and did his best to protect her. I can’t even begin to think how he must’ve felt.”
Kiryu could hear Shion's voice quiver a little over the phone.
She sounds like she’s about to cry.
“Shion… were you close to Satoshi?”
Shion hesitated to answer but eventually confirmed. “... Yes, very.”
Kiryu remained silent as she continued. “Last year on Watanagashi, the aunt was found murdered
with her brains beaten out of her skull with a metal bat. They say it was done by some random drug
addict that died in prison soon after. I know deep down, though, that it was Satoshi that killed her. It
was the same bat he used for baseball. His uncle ran away to a mistress he was seeing, fearing the
curse of Oyashiro.”
Kiryu couldn’t even speak. He was in pure shock.
… Is this what Rena meant by Satoshi and the curse?
“W-what happened to him, Shion?”
Shion’s voice began to crack as tears ran down her face. “A few days later, he disappeared. The
police were suspicious of him, but they were too late to find out anything. Nobody has seen him
since. I’ve heard he was maybe sighted at one point, but… I don’t believe that to be true anymore.”
Kiryu was utterly dumbstruck.

Shion sniffled but begins to speak with a clearer tone. “Please, don’t believe the Sonozakis killed
him. I would have ripped my sister’s throat out if they had. I believed they did kill him for a while
and attacked Mion out of sheer grief and suspicion… only for her to break down crying and say she
yelled and threatened Grandma if her family did kill him. Grandma said they didn’t and doesn’t
know what happened to him. I… I believe and trust her. Mion is a good person and was good
friends with Satoshi.”
“I… I’ll believe you, Shion.”
Shion then broke into a half-sad, half-delirious laugh. “Ehehehe, you know the worst part, Kiryu?
He had been working several jobs for long, hard hours to get a present for his sister for her
birthday. All while still suffering the horrific abuse from his aunt. He was going to buy this huge
teddy bear for her. I know she would have loved it. … He disappeared on her birthday. The police
said he withdrew all the money and used it to run away. That's bullshit. Satoshi would never run
away from his sister. Not on her birthday much less. That’s probably what Satoko thinks as well,
but I refuse to believe it. Something happened to Satoshi that day. I don’t know who, what, or why,
but I know he didn’t just disappear. I’d do anything… absolutely anything to see him again.”
Kiryu felt he was going to lose it if he didn’t say something, even if it felt like he was saying
nothing meaningful. “I’m… sorry, Shion. You and Satoko have suffered so much from this.”
Shion sniffled again. “Thank you for listening, Kiryu. At least, you know the truth now. Please
keep from talking about this around Satoko again. Living with Rika and spending time with her
friends has helped heal the scars, but I fear they’ll never truly go away fully. Satoko is basically a
younger sister to me, so please don’t speak about it again, if just for her sake.”
“... I won’t speak of it again, Shion. Thank you for answering my questions. If you don’t mind, I’d
like to hang up now.”
“No, it’s fine. I get it, Kiryu. Have a nice night.”
“You too, Shion.”
Kiryu hung up the phone and then stood up. He walked over to a nearby wall looking at the ground.
He then suddenly punched the wall with a loud thud. His fist was in the wall, bruised, with a
portion of the wall now cracked.
“Dammit, why?! Why did she have to suffer so much?! If I ever see that bastard of an uncle again,
I’ll break every damned bone in his body!! I’ll make that fucking piece of shit rue the day he was
born!! I’ll… I’ll!”
Kiryu’s legs wobbled, and the world spun around him. He clumsily walked over to the chair he was
sitting in and flopped down in it.
Ah, yeah… less than one hour of sleep. Forgot about that. Fuck me, I feel like shit. I… I have to get
to bed.
Kiryu used his remaining strength to walk up the stairs, undressed, and just about fell into his bed.
Sweet sleep would find him shortly, but before he fell into slumber a troubling thought ran through
his head.

… Why did they lie to me again? First Rena with the curse, and now this? Like fine, I get it, as far
as lying about it around Satoko. I just don't get it, though. Why the hell are there so many secrets in
regard to these kids? Does everyone in Hinamizawa have some dark secret?
A chill ran down Kiryu’s back.
I know I’m physically and especially mentally exhausted, so I know I shouldn’t be thinking about it
this way.
Still… I can trust these kids, right? I can get it if they don’t fully trust me, but I should be able to
trust and not doubt them. … Right?

Chapter 9: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 8: Uncomfortable
Opportunities
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Takano is on vacation?!” Rika exclaimed.
It was Wednesday evening. Rika had come by the Irie Clinic to inquire about Takano, only to be
greeted with shocking news.
Irie adjusted his glasses, not expecting Rika’s outburst. “Yes, did Satoko not tell you? She left
yesterday.”
Crap, I let my emotions get the better of me. No wonder Irie looks so surprised. Settle down, let’s
take this slowly. I don’t think it would be wise to ask about the Mountain Dogs if Takano isn’t here.
Rika sat back in her chair and replied, “No, she didn’t. Why is Takano on vacation? I don’t think
I’ve ever seen her take one before.”
I know for a fact she’s never taken a vacation, which makes this all the more suspicious.
“Well, Rika. There’s a first for everything, I suppose. She said she had been feeling stressed, and
needed some time off. She’s heading off to Tokyo for about a week, but she’ll be back after that. I
think she said Kamurocho specifically.”
Kamurocho?! … No, it can’t just be a coincidence. There’s something related to the Tojo here. I can
feel it.
“Irie, did she say she was only going there for vacation?”
“What do you mean, Rika?”
“Are you sure she didn’t mention anything besides that?”
I know I’m being risky here, but across countless fragments, Irie has remained someone I can
almost always count on. Please, don’t let me down now.
Irie looked concerned. “I don’t believe so, why are you so focused on this topic?”
“Irie… I’m only asking because of the place you mentioned. Please don’t talk about this with
anyone. There are some rumors here in Hinamizawa about this yakuza organization called the Tojo
Clan and-”
Irie then interrupted asking, “Wait, Rika! W-Where did you hear that name from?”
... As I thought, Takano would never go on a “vacation”. She’s far too dedicated to her work to do
that.

“Irie, it’s very important you tell me the truth here. This could impact the entire village including
Satoko and yourself. I need you to be honest with me. Is Takano really on vacation?
Rika wore as serious a gaze as her child self could muster. Irie audibly swallowed, and then faced
away from Rika, looking at something imaginary on the wall.
“I… sometimes forget you are from one of the three Great Families. I guess I shouldn’t be
surprised you'd get some information like this, but still. It’s nothing a girl your age should be
concerned with. You’ve already been burdened with so much.”
Irie remained silent for about half a minute before continuing, “It seems there’s no point hiding this
from you, and if it will help alleviate your mind then I should tell you. Those ‘rumors’ you
mention, that’s what Takano is involving herself with.”
“Takano is… dealing with the yakuza?”
“You could say that, yes. She believes this could negatively impact our research on the syndrome if
things got out of hand, so she volunteered to deal with it herself. She’s more fit for it than I am.
While Takano is a nice lady, she… has a personality to her that makes me think she’s able to deal
just fine with those in the underworld.”
You don’t even know the half of it, Irie.
“She said she doesn’t know how long the ‘negotiations’ might take place, but she hopes to be back
before or by the day of Watanagashi.”
“I… see.”
Wait, is this… a bad thing? If Takano is busy this whole week, that gives me an advantage. While
her attention is diverted, I might be able to do things I’m normally not able to. I’m not sure what
things or how, but it’s the first positive thing to come from this whole conundrum. Now I need to
make sure Irie doesn’t mention that I now know about this to Takano.
“Irie, please promise me you’ll not tell Takano I talked to you about this.”
“Huh? Is it supposed to be a secret from her if we all three know the situation?”
“N-no, it’s just… she already has so much on her plate. I don’t want her to think I’m worried or
anything. You should know how the both of you always get so stressed when I’m mentally or
physically fatigued. Her handling the Tojo benefits us all here, so I don’t want to make her life any
harder. Normally I wouldn’t ask for this, but please Irie? I’d really appreciate it, meep.”
“Oh… well, when you put it that way, I can’t refuse.” Irie shrugged his shoulders, and Rika
breathed a sigh of relief.
“Thank you, Irie. You’re always there for me, nipah!”
More than you could ever imagine.
“Ah, it’s no problem Rika. As for Satoko, nothing will change with her. I’ve been the one in charge
of her medicine, and she’ll still get her daily shots. Now run along home, Rika. It’s getting late.”
“Yeah, I’d best go. Again, thank you, Irie.”

~~~~
“So he… now knows about Satoshi and Satoko’s past, and also met Shion.”
It was Wednesday night, and Rika was going over what Hanyuu had learned that day.
“Yes, it seems the both of them hit it off,” added Hanyuu.
“Well, I’m not too sure if it matters too much whether he knows that info or not. I’m glad he and
Shion seem friendly with each other, but I’m somewhat more concerned about that strength of his.
It’s… unnatural for a man to have the strength to crack most of a wall like that. You are sure you
weren’t exaggerating his strength?”
“I’m positive. As soon as he hung up the phone, he let out the anger he had been keeping in, and
BOOM!” Hanyuu held up her hands to emphasize the boom SFX to an unamused Rika. “He
punched the wall so hard it nearly scared me to death.”
“I doubt a goddess has to worry about death.”
“Ohhhhhh, you know what I mean Rika! Au, au.”
“Anyways, the fact holds, we both are in a race for information. My opinion of Kiryu greatly
improved after today, but I still don’t think we can 100% trust him yet.”
“Then, what do you suggest we do next, Rika?”
“We should do… um, no, we can…” Rika looked away in frustration.
“What’s wrong, Rika?”
“I loathe to admit it, but I don’t think I have an answer. I’ve relied so heavily on knowing the future
for decades now, but without that what am I capable of? We can still turn back time, but I don’t
want to just sit here and do nothing!”
“R-Rika, wait! You’re smart and resourceful. I’m sure you’ll come up with something.”
“Will I, Hanyuu? My friends are still within the margin of predictability and Takano might be out
of the picture for once, but there’s no way of predicting Kiryu.” She then chuckled at herself
mockingly. “How long has it been since I’ve been reminded of my first loops? The first time we
came to the Sea of Fragments was an otherworldly experience. I was truly still a preteen girl at that
time, completely freaking out over having died. I had no idea what to do next, and you were the
only one that could guide me. How disastrous those first loops were. How emotionally gutting it
was seeing those I loved die over and over. How badly I wanted to save everyone, and how brutally
long it took to become only somewhat numb to it all. I’ve never been able to save myself, much
less save them all… not even my parents.”
A tear fell down Rika’s cheek.
“W-Woah! Woah, Rika! Where is this coming from? I-I thought we were going to remain
determined. Please don’t cry! Au au au.”
“I’m sorry, Hanyuu. I didn't mean to get suddenly emotional, it just sort of came out. I just think if
on that day we first entered this fragment, had you not comforted me and spurred my mind into

action at least enough to come up with those few ideas, I would have just broken down there on the
spot. Even now, I still feel like I’m only a few steps away from mentally collapsing. The only thing
keeping me together is the hope that despite everything, this Kiryu man will be an ally to us."
Hanyuu herself started to tear up. She hugged Rika, or at least attempted to, in her ghostly form.
“Rika, I promise we’ll get that happy ending we desire. Please, just hang in there for now.”
Rika sniffled, and wiped the tears from her eye. “I’ll be ok, Hanyuu. I’m… used to this. For now…
all we can do is just wait and see. At the least, let’s see what tomorrow brings.”
“Right! I’ll continue to spy on Kiryu, and you do um, anything that comes to mind!”
“Of course, Hanyuu.”
~~~~
It was Thursday morning. The cries of the higurashi, as calming as they could be, were also the
local alarm clocks to the village. No citizen was spared from their call, much less Kiryu feeling
rather ragged this morning.
Ugh, I slept like a rock and still feel like crap. Wouldn’t be the first time I have to go to work like
this. This might as well be tame compared to drinking all night at Serena’s and having a terrible
hangover in the morning during my yakuza days.
Last night’s events flashed through Kiryu’s head.
However, a hangover might be preferable still to what happened. What a bombshell to end the night
on. Ugh I don't want to go to work today, but I just have to be an adult about it. I think I’ll keep to
light exercises in P.E. class today. Gonna need another long night’s rest to get back into a regular
routine.
Kiryu then glanced at the clock.
Shoot, I need to get going. At the least, I should be early today to make up for yesterday.
~~~~
As Kiryu entered the school building, Chie called out to him.
“Oh, Kiryu! I’m surprised to see you here. You know you didn’t need to come in today, right?”
“I… didn’t?” Kiryu's eyes wandered about. He wondered if perhaps this was the beginning of an
elaborate prank by Satoko that Chie was in on.
“Did Kaieda not tell you? After everything that has happened the last couple of days, he thought it
would be nice to let both you and the kids have Thursday and Friday off. He’s using Watanagashi
being this weekend as an excuse, but I know he’s just trying to give you guys a break.”
“What? … He didn’t need to do that.”
“He insisted on it, and you know how he is when he gets like that.”
“Then what are you doing here, Chie?”

“Oh, I’m just finishing up some paperwork. I’ll be out of here shortly. I’m sorry you woke up early
just to come for nothing.”
“It’s fine, Chie. If anything, I did need the day off truthfully. I still feel hazy, but figured I’d just
work through it.”
“Ohhh, Kiryu. Don’t make me worry about you. I already worry about the students plenty, don’t
make me add you to that list.”
“Haha, don’t worry. I’ll probably go home and take a nap then.”
“Please do, Kiryu. You look exhausted.”
The two then said their goodbyes and parted ways. Kiryu sighed to himself, hands in his pockets, as
he walked back towards his house.
I know what I said to Chie, but can I afford to just waste time? Kaieda unknowingly is giving me a
great chance here.
Where can I go from here, though? For all my efforts so far, all I’ve gotten is terrible luck, the shit
scared out of me, hardly any sleep, feeling like shit, and STILL nada about those two murdered
yakuza. For all I've learned about murders that have happened in this town, it's not gotten me
anywhere closer to finding out the truth about those two.
Kiryu then looked up at the morning sky shining brightly over Hinamizawa
Would it be too much to ask for some actual good luck today? Am I just cursed to not be able to get
anything about those two yakuza?
He then began to walk again, picking up the pace.
Oh, screw this! I recognize the situation I’m in, but I’m only one man. I’ll see what I can do this
afternoon, once I've taken a nap. Maybe some ideas will come to me once my brain can actually
function.
~~~~
One nap and a bus trip later, Kiryu was once again roaming the streets of Okinomiya. It was
afternoon, and cloudy enough that one could mistake it for a rainy day.
I’m feeling better now, but I can’t say any ideas have come to me yet.
Staying in Hinamizawa wasn't getting Kiryu anywhere, so he hoped to find something… anything
in Okinomiya.
Kiryu sighed and kept walking. He browsed various products through shop windows to ease his
boredom.
I’m not really here to window shop either, but it’s something. How do detectives do this stuff? I’ve
done crimes myself but never thought I’d be trying to solve one.
I have plenty of connections in Kamurocho, but here I can only count on myself. Not to say I have
no allies here, but… I’ve really only opened up to Shion. I didn’t even give her the full picture.

Kiryu suddenly stopped seeing a bookcase through the window.
What is this, a library? Hmm… y’know, wouldn’t be the worst idea to check this place out. I might
be able to find out something I didn’t know before. Perhaps the local section has something.
~~~~
“… So that’s the legend behind Onigafuchi Swamp and Watanagashi,” Kiryu said softly to himself.
Kiryu had been reading a book containing the numerous myths and mysterious Hinamizawa was
infamous for.
What a gruesome ritual. Also, the whole myth about demons coming to Hinamizawa in ancient
times and mingling with humans. Oyashiro being the bridge between them both. I’ve heard bits and
pieces of these legends, but this is the first time I’ve read about them in detail.
I can’t exactly say this is helping me in finding any clues, though. All that gets gutted these days is
some cotton for the “ritual”. Those ancient rituals are barbaric, but nothing like that happens
these days… at least nothing is supposed to.
Kiryu then closed the book and furrowed his brow.
No, that doesn’t mean there aren’t some sick bastards inspired by the myths. It’s no coincidence that
one of the pair of yakuza died almost exactly how the Watanagashi ritual was described in this
book. If anything, I just feel more hatred towards whoever did this. I still mostly suspect the
Sonozakis, but it could be some extremist villagers. Perhaps religious fanatics?
“Quite the harrowing tale, isn’t it?”
Kiryu looked up to see an obese older man wearing a suit and tie.
… Who is this man? It’s just my intuition speaking, but something seems shady about him.
“Ah, where are my manners? My name is Ooishi Kuraudo. Nice to meet you.”
“... Kiryu Kazuma, nice to meet you too.”
“Ah, there’s no need for the suspicious look. I’m a long-time detective here in Okinomiya. I just
happened to recognize the book you were reading, so I figured I’d introduce myself.”
Upon hearing the word “detective”, Kiryu’s mind raced. He felt something was off, and wasn't sure
how much he should trust his new acquaintance.
“Oh, wait! You wouldn’t happen to be that new P.E. teacher at the school in Hinamizawa, would
you?”
Kiryu’s eyes widened briefly, but he quickly returned to his suspicious gaze. “Yes, but how do you
know that?”
“Nfufufu, I am a detective young man. It’s my job to know things. In particular, I regularly keep
tabs on Hinamizawa. Don’t take it personally; it’s just rare for someone young and new like you to
move to the village.”

Kiryu not wanting to entertain this conversation any longer than necessary broke eye contact, and
pretended to be interested in another book on the shelf nearby. “I assume you’re being extra
cautious since Watanagashi is almost here. Good luck with that.”
“Ohh, so you know about the series of murders, too. The townsfolk in Hinamizawa don’t like
talking about that, so you must have gone out of your way to learn about that.”
... I’m getting really tired of whatever this old man is trying to do.
“I’ve been investigating those cases for the last five years myself. Hopefully, we can prevent some
poor bastards from biting the dust this year too.”
Kiryu’s attention is brought back to the man in front of him.
… How much does this old man know?
“You’ve been investigating these cases for that long?”
“Nfufufu, you could say it’s a personal hobby that happens to fit nicely with my job.” The old man
bestowed a sly smile that only made Kiryu feel more uncomfortable.
There’s some sort of ulterior motive for this man approaching me, but I can’t figure it out. I think I
should play along for now, though. This might just be the best information source I can find if I play
my cards well.
“Who do you think are the main suspects?”
“Mmm, I’ve long suspected the Sonozakis, most people do. Do you?”
“I… can’t say for certain, but I’d wager it’s them.”
“Nfufu, I’m glad we can agree on that.”
Ooishi put a hand on Kiryu’s shoulder, which made Kiryu tense up.
Ok, this guy is acting far too friendly for a stranger he just met. I might be screwing up a chance
here, but I can’t stand people getting in my personal space.
“No offense Mr…”
“You can just call me Ooishi. I’m not one for formalities, anyways.”
“... Ooishi, sir. Is there another reason you approached me? You seem oddly friendly considering
we just met.”
“Oh, it’s nothing really, Mr. Kazuma.”
He then leaned in and whispered in Kiryu’s ear. “Or would it be better to call you the Dragon of
Dojima instead?”

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for the wait on this. Kind of hyper-fixated on Kubera... my b. Anyways, hope you
enjoyed it it.

Chapter 10: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 9: Unwelcome Alliance
Chapter Notes

Sorry for this taking so long. I took a lot of time thoroughly improve and edit the previous
chapters, and since that was 35K+ words in total that... took some time lol.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kiryu pushed Ooishi’s hand off his shoulder and stood back upon hearing his title. Kiryu was a man
that could sometimes overthink things, but when his back was against the wall he only focused on
the threat in front of him.
“Who the hell are you, and what do you want?”
Ooishi just gave a sly smile back. “Nfufu, I did tell you, right? Knowing things is my job. A CEO
of a massive company moving into a quiet town suddenly is bound to gain some interest.
Everything looked fine on the surface, but my job has always been to look below the surface and
uncover any filth there.”
“... Ok fine, you know my past and my true identity. Good for you, asshole. You should also then
know I’m not trying to do anything suspicious here, and I’m trying to prevent the Tojo to come
here. Or did they not tell you that? Oh, or maybe you’re some shithead someone in the Tojo sent to
mess with me?”
“Woah, Mr. Kiryu. There’s no need for hostility. I’ve only approached you because I believe we can
mutually benefit from helping each other.”
“... What’s your game, old man?”
“Ah, it’s nothing complicated. You know I’ve been trying to figure out the answer to these deaths
for the last five years. You’re the perfect inside agent to help me out. Y’see the residents of
Hinamizawa and myself don’t have the best history, as you can imagine.”
“No shit, if this is the way you go about investigating.”
“Ahaha, you live long enough in the force, you learn there are effective ways of doing things, even
if it ruffles some feathers. I’m not the only one looking for information, though. If I recall, you’re
looking for info on two yakuza that were murdered last month.”
This bastard… he’s certainly well-informed.
“What, you’re gonna say you know something about that incident that I don’t?”
“Hmm, despite my history with the Sonozakis, I would say they're not the ones behind it. It's not
impossible that they didn't kill them, but they’d gain nothing by provoking a rival yakuza faction,
much less one as big as the Tojo.”

“Jokes on you, Gramps. I've already looked into that.”
Or at the least Shion says they didn't. Not sure if the Tojo would buy the word of an estranged
Sonozaki family member, much less Oryou or Mion themselves.
“Oho, the Dragon is a good detective, too. Perhaps you’d like to join the force sometime, nfufufu.”
Does this guy take anything seriously? … No, he’s taking this fully seriously, and that’s the scary
part.
“Well, is that all the info you got?”
“Hmm, maybe or maybe not.”
“Don’t mess with me, dickhead. If you wanted my money in exchange for the info, we both know
that’s not an issue. You need something from me, and I know you’re keen to get it. Don’t think you
can just make me your pawn.”
Ooishi just dryly laughed and took a step forward closing the distance between the two.
“Are you really in a position where you can refuse my offer? What if I were to reveal who you
were?”
Kiryu clenched his fist, but then relaxed and smirked. “So what? If I leave this place, it’s you police
that are going to have to deal with an all-out yakuza war here. I'm the main thing at the moment
keeping that from happening. Are you in a position where you can refuse to help me?”
Ooishi looked displeased for a second, but chuckled afterward. “You got spunk, kid. I can respect
that. It seems you live up to the rumors.”
Kiryu looked away annoyed. “My time in the yakuza is in the past. What I’m doing now is purely
to help family still in the Tojo.”
“I see. What if I told you I could help you with that?”
Kiryu had had enough of the old man’s antics. “What if you stopped being a roundabout bitch, and
got to the point?”
Ooishi laughed loudly at Kiryu’s insult much to his chagrin. “Alright, let me say it in plain terms.
I’d like you to help me with my investigation and tell me anything you know. In exchange, I’ll help
you with any information I can find on those two dead yakuza or anything else you might need. I
also won’t babble to anyone about, who you actually are. Believe it or not, we’re on the same side
here.”
“... Perhaps, but I don’t at all trust you.”
“That’s fine. I just need enough trust for this agreement to work. As you said, I gain nothing by
betraying you. You’re actively helping to stop something that would be disastrous for public order.
We’re unlikely allies here, so what do you say?”
Ooishi held his hand to shake Kiryu’s, but Kiryu stood there wary. “One more thing… I was right
about you not having any more info on the two yakuza besides what you said, wasn’t I?”

Ooishi gave a half-hearted chuckle. “I’m afraid so. It’s been a dead-end case like everything else in
that damned town. I have connections that might help me get some more info, for what it’s worth.”
Kiryu eyed the old man, and reluctantly shook his hand. “Fine, whether I like it or not you’re the
best chance I have now at figuring this out.”
Ooishi flashed a contended smile, which just agitated Kiryu.
This was what this asshat was planning from the start, wasn’t it? … Ugh, not that I’m in a position
to refuse his offer as he said. Wouldn’t be the first time I’ve dealt with shady people to achieve my
goals, I suppose.
“It’s a pleasure doing business with you, Kiryu. I swear I keep my promises. In fact, is there
anything else you’d like me to investigate?”
“No, I’m goo-”
Kiryu cut himself off remembering his thoughts on the kids last night.
… Am I really doubting the kids that much? They’ve been so nice and friendly to me, I don’t have
any reason to. It’s just… I suppose it couldn’t hurt, right? I feel kind of gross looking into the past
of my students. And yet… anytime I've tried to look deeper into this town's secrets it's had some bad
side effects. This is the first time I can get it from an outside source. It's the only lead I have at the
moment even if I'm not sure if anything on them would connect to those two dead yakuza.
“Something the matter, Kiryu?”
“... No, old man.”
“I have a name you know.”
”Fine, Ooishi, sir. Could you look into five kids for me?”
Kiryu listed off the names of the five kids, to the joyful surprise of Ooishi.
“Oho, are you close to those students in particular? Well, that benefits me immensely. They’re all
very connected to my investigation.”
Kiryu became motionless at hearing that. “They’re… what?”
“Nfufu, I guess I can’t expect you to know everything. Would you like to meet at the cafe three
streets down from here tomorrow, and discuss it? I only say that as I would need to gather the
necessary files before I could tell you in full.”
Kiryu was still on edge but eased up a little. “... S-sure, what time?”
“Hmm, does around noon work for you?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Well, alrighty then! See you there, Kiryu. We can also talk there about anything else you’ve
happened to learn, though methinks I’ll be the one mostly talking, nfufu.”

Ooishi turned around and began to leave the library. He waved at Kiryu without facing him. “See
you tomorrow, then.”
“A-ah… sure thing,” Kiryu said so weakly that Ooishi didn’t even catch it.
Kiryu stood there absolutely perplexed at what he had learned.
… What the fuck? You’re telling me ALL FIVE of them are connected to these murders? There’s…
there’s no way. They’re such sweet kids, you mean to tell me they’re all connected to this bullshit?!
Kiryu’s confusion quickly turned to anger.
Is everything fucked up in this village?! How deep does the sin-filled rabbit hole go? I don’t get it.
How can one place simultaneously be so comforting with wonderful people, while also having such
a horrific past and extremely questionable character of its residents?
… I’m becoming warier of this place as each day goes by. I gotta get done here and leave or…
Kiryu then remembered something and facepalmed.
Dammit, I can’t do that. I just said all that stuff to Rena yesterday. I meant every bit of it’s just…
Kiryu went to slam his fist on the nearby bookshelf but restrained himself to not make a scene.
For fuck’s sake, is there nothing simple in all this?! … I loathe to admit it, but Nishiki was right.
I’m out of my element here. And yet…
Kiryu took a deep breath and calmed down. He then left the bookstore and started to head home.
Calm down. I'm just freaking out and completely overthinking this. I just need to focus on the
investigation.
I knew what I was getting into when I asked Nishiki to do this. I’m going to get this done no matter
what. If I have to play buddy-buddy with some detective geezer, so be it. I’m going to complete this
“mission”, and I’m going to do it my way.
~~~~
Kiryu was now home. He was reading through a few more books about HInamizawa he had rented
from the library before he left. He had been reading for a few hours and sighed.
I’d be a master of Hinamizawa trivia at this point. Too bad that does jack to help me.
Kiryu closed the book and put it down.
Who am I kidding? I’m not going to get anything more from books like this. Just yet another damn
dead end. Getting really freaking tired of those.
It’s best I just called it a night. Sounds like I’ll get plenty of stuff from Ooisihi tomorrow… some I’m
not sure if I want to know.
As Kiryu stood up and was about to head to bed, he heard a sudden ring from the doorbell.

… Who the hell could be at the door at this hour?
He went to open the door but hesitated.
… Seriously? Am I so scared I’m afraid to open my own front door? A lot of crazy shit has been
happening, but I really need to get over myself.
Kiryu opened the door, only to be greeted by Mion holding some box.
“Oh Mion, what are you doing here?”
“Hey, Kiryu! You seemed like you’ve gone through a lot lately, so I just wanted to make some food
for you.”
“Oh, that’s so sweet of you. You didn’t need to do that.”
Kiryu took the box from Mion and began to open it when Mion closed it quickly.
“Uh-uh, it’s a surprise, Kiryu.” Mion winked at Kiryu, which Kiryu just smiled at and rolled his
eyes.
“Alright, Mion.” Kiryu kept the box closed and set it down on a nearby shelf.
Mion suddenly gasped and pointed inside Kiryu’s house. “Woah! What’s with the giant hole in your
wall, Kiryu?”
Oh, shit! I forgot about punching the wall… I should probably call someone to come get that
fixed…
“Ah, sorry you had to see that Mion. I was… cleaning, and accidentally fell and that caused a really
heavy object to launch into the wall and cause the hole. I’ve been meaning to fix it.”
“Really? What do you own that could cause that much damage?”
“Er, … it broke apart when it hit the wall and I threw it away so… I can’t really show you.”
“Oh… it was a bit rude of me to ask about that. Sorry, Kiryu.”
“Nah, it’s fine. I’d ask too, it’s pretty… noticeable.”
They both laughed, and Mion asked, “How have you been today, Kiryu?”
I'm surprised she bought that story, but whatever let's roll with it.
“Ah, just… taking my time to relax. I went to the library and rented some books. Just resting,
y’know?”
“Ah, yeah. I heard you met Ooishi there.”
Kiryu froze.
… How the hell does she know that?
“W-where did you hear that from, Mion?”

“Oh, a friend of Sis’s saw it walking by and told her about it, and I heard it from her over the
phone.”
Kiryu’s mind flashed back to his brief time talking with Ooishi.
… There’s no way. I didn’t notice anyone suspicious around, or was I so focused on Ooishi I let my
guard down? Just how connected are the people around here?
While Kiryu was feeling cornered, Mion was far more casual about it than Kiryu realized.
Ugh, damn you, Ooishi! Don’t your dare heckle poor Kiryu. I feared he might harass Kiryu since
we’re getting closer to Watanagashi, but his tenacity knows no bounds. That old man should just
keep out of our business.
I hope these ohagi Rena and I made cheer him up. No encounter with Ooishi is ever a fun one. Er,
… I hope he doesn’t mind a few being spicy.
Mion then continued, “I hope nothing bad happened at that meeting.”
The hair on Kiryu’s neck stood up. “B-bad?”
“Yeah, nothing good comes from interacting with Ooishi. You should really not get involved with
him. Just consider it a warning.”
Kiryu’s perception of Mion had changed suddenly. Her pupils resembled a cat’s, her eyes gave off
an eerie glow. It looked to him like she was possessed.
“... Would it be that much of a problem?”
“Yeah, it’d be really bad for you. I’d highly advise against it Kiryu, if just for your own sake.”
“... I see.”
Mion noticed Kiryu’s expression had changed a little.
Wow, Kiryu looks really tired and stressed. I didn’t realize he needed this break so much. Heh, let’s
hope there are no lingering effects from Rena doing that crazy move on him.
Oh… I also hope he’s over the Rena stuff in general. I still feel like an idiot for never giving him a
heads-up. Rena is a great person, but she gets… very serious when it comes to the curse.
“By the way Kiryu, you’re probably over this by now, but don’t talk about the curse around Rena
again. I don’t want more… ‘accidents’ to happen.”
“Y-yeah, I learned that the hard way, hahaha,” Kiryu laughed nervously.
“No kidding, she becomes very fearsome about it. Just between you and me, it almost looked like
she was possessed by a demon the first time I saw her like that.”
Kiryu’s heart nearly skipped a beat hearing that. “... You don’t say?”
“Well, I gotta go now, Kiryu. It’s late, and I don’t want Grandma to be upset. Before I go, I wanted
to say make sure you come Saturday.”

Kiryu’s mind raced trying to remember what was important on that day.
“Why Saturday?”
“Duh, we’ll be setting up for Watanagashi. It’ll be a lot of fun. It would be a shame if you missed
it.”
Mion meant it eagerly, but Kiryu heard it in a more ominous way.
“S-sure, Mion. I’ll make sure to keep it in mind. Have a nice night, Mion.”
“You too, Kiryu.”
As Mion left, Kiryu shut the door and quickly locked it. He looked dazed and nervous.
… What is my problem? So what, if someone saw me with Ooishi? It’s not like they heard anything.
Mion was just… giving me a friendly warning. Warning me of how he’s a dickhead… yeah, that’s
all. Makes sense since I’ve met him.
She was nice enough to bake some food for me. The way her eyes were was just… I must’ve been
hallucinating. She’s Mion Sonozaki, head of the class and club. She’s not some demon in human
clothing. I just… really need some rest. The stress is getting to me.
Kiryu then turned his attention to the box of food Mion had brought.
Let’s try some of the food, and go to bed.
He opened it to be pleasantly surprised.
Ooh, ohagi. Been a while since I had some of these.
He took one out of the package and tried it.
Mmm, tastes pretty damn good. I wonder what Mion put inKiryu suddenly felt a piercing pain in his throat. He reacted violently and ended up coughing and
spitting it out on the floor.
“What the… “
Kiryu looked down at the ground at the remains of the ohagi he spat out. A small metal object
glistened in the light. Kiryu bent down to get a better look at it.
“... What the fuck?” He whispered horrified.
Kiryu made out the image of a small needle. The type often used for sewing with what looked like
blood painting it, mixed in with the remains of the ohagi.
Kiryu slapped his cheeks like one would to wake up. He looked at the ground again, and the vision
of the needle was gone. All he saw was chewed-up ohagi. He even put his finger in the spat-out
remains to make sure.

He got up from the ground and to confirm his suspicions, he took another ohagi and very carefully
bit into it. In return, there was nothing like a needle in it. Just a regular, spicy ohagi.
… Am I fucking losing it? I’ve never taken any drugs in my life, so why the hell am I hallucinating
this stuff? I’ve never had a problem like this before. None of this makes any damn sense.
Kiryu didn’t know how to react. He just stood there confused and unnerved for a few minutes. He
eventually took a deep breath and whispered to himself. “Ok, let’s just go to bed. I very obviously
need some rest. Especially, considering who I have to meet tomorrow.”
Kiryu closed the box of ohagi so that it wouldn’t spoil, and put it in his kitchen. He cleaned up the
mess, and finally head to bed. As usual, Kiryu’s mind was filled with undesired thoughts before
he’d fall asleep.
Something has got to change for the better. I don’t know what, but I feel something nefarious
changing within me every day I’m here. Things started happening once Jirou told me about the
curse… not that it’s his fault or anything. It’s just why do things keep getting worse? It feels like the
closer I get to finding out the truth about this village, the more danger I find myself in.
Perhaps the worst part is that I feel more uneasy around the kids as I learn more about them. I so
badly want to trust them, it’s just… I have a horrible feeling in my gut about the next handful of
days.

Chapter End Notes

For the record, I actually really love Ooishi. Like top 5 Higu character for me. So don't let the
in-story slander of Ooishi by Kiryu and Mion make you think I dislike him :p. Ty for reading
as always.

Chapter 11: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 10: Bleak Friday
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was Thursday night. Once again, Hanyuu and Rika were discussing their findings.
“And that about wraps it up,” Hanyuu stated.
Rika sat there quietly thinking about the situation for a few minutes making Hanyuu feel uneasy.
“Rika, do you think Kiryu was being honest to Ooishi about wanting to mediate in all this?”
“... I’m not sure. It’s not easy to lie to Ooishi and Ooishi did seem to believe he was, but I could see
Kiryu pulling the wool over his eyes. If not Kiryu himself, maybe Ooishi's informant ended up
giving him false information. If Takano has fooled the police all these years, who’s to say Kiryu
and whoever he's affiliated with can’t either?”
“P-perhaps, but what about him comforting Rena? Can’t we trust him on this?”
“Possibly, but we can’t 100% trust him yet.”
“So, … what should we do now Rika? Should we be worried that he’s encountered Ooishi, and is
going to talk to him tomorrow?”
Rika paused and after a while sighed. “Dammit, I don’t know. Most likely Kiryu is going to hear
the truth like how Keiichi has in multiple past fragments. He would start to freak out, the syndrome
got worse, and… “
Rika felt a headache coming on and put her hand on her head. “Let’s just hope since he’s an adult
he’s mature enough to not freak out.”
“... Despite him already freaking out at Rena’s outburst?”
Both stayed silent for about half a minute. Rika would state a bold suggestion. “Worst case
scenario, we might have to forcefully inject him with C-117.”
“W-woah, Rika! Is that necessary? We’ve tried that several times in the past, and it’s never worked
out. I know I said he freaked out, but he came back the next day. He not only apologized to Rena
but also comforted her. I don’t think someone experiencing higher levels of the syndrome would do
that.”
“... You’re not wrong, but things can still take a turn for the worse. We’ll need to see how he reacts
to Ooishi telling the truth tomorrow. Was there anything else that happened to Kiryu after he spoke
with Ooishi?”
“Hmm, he looked a bit frazzled understandably, but he just got some more books about
Hinamizawa and left. I kept an eye on him, but he just sat there in his house and read for the whole
evening. It was nearing his bedtime, so I left around then.”

“He’s probably desperately trying to get as much info as he can. Playing amateur detective will
only get him so far before he does something bolder.”
“... And we’re not also going down that path, Rika?”
Rika just gave an unamused look at Hanyuu. “... Yes, but we have tools and knowledge nobody else
has. We also need to take advantage of everything we can get just like we always have.”
“By the way coming back, I also saw Mion carrying a box. I wonder who she was delivering it to.”
Rika froze. “... Do you think she was talking it to Kiryu?”
“Um, maybe? I don’t think that would-” Hanyuu cut herself off realizing what Rika meant. They
both remembered the handful of times in past fragments when Keiichi got ohagi from Mion and
Rena and how it made the syndrome escalate.
Hanyuu began to freak out. “Oh no! I shouldn’t have left his house until he went to sleep. What if I
missed something important?! I just… au au au!”
Rika held up her hands to calm Hanyuu down. “I-it’s probably fine, Hanyuu. We’ve seen that Kiryu
is mentally strong. I can see how Rena could freak him out, but assuredly some spicy ohagi
wouldn’t do anything to him… I think.”
Both sat in awkward silence. Rika took a deep breath. “Regardless of whether what we think
maybe happened did happen, it doesn’t change the situation much. We just have to keep a close eye
on Kiryu and plan accordingly. It’s… all we can do for right now.”
The girls felt uneasy about the future, but could only go to sleep and wait till tomorrow.
~~~~
It was Friday morning. It had been some time since Kiryu last called and talked to Nishiki, and
Kiryu felt he needed to tell him about everything and clear his head. If only so he could alleviate
some stress before going to meet Ooishi. Nishiki listened calmly as Kiryu recited the events that
had happened recently.
After Kiryu finished, Nishiki gave a sigh. “I told you, man, this was out of your element. You’re
doing a decent job, but I’m beginning to worry about you. You need to finish this and get the hell
out of there. There’s something genuinely wrong with that place.”
“I know Nishiki, it’s just… “
“I get it. You’ve gotten close to some kids there, and don’t want to betray their trust. You always
did have a soft spot for kids.”
Kiryu didn’t answer as Nishiki was spot on.
“Look at it this way, though. If the Tojo does make a visit to that warped town, those kids and
everyone else you might’ve gotten close to will be in danger.”
“Dammit, you think I don’t know that?! I’m trying my best, if I can just get some key information
from that geezer today I can… just… “

Kiryu’s voice trailed off, and Nishiki shifted his tone to a softer one. “I’m sorry bro, I don’t want to
pressure you. It’s just I can tell the higher-ups are getting antsy about this. Even Dojima is
beginning to feel on edge about this. Knowing you, I figured you’d want to know that.”
“... Yes, I normally would want to know that. Bad mental state or not, I swear I’ll get this done.
Please don’t worry Nishiki.”
“You’re literally hallucinating shit, and you tell me not to worry about you?”
… Damn, maybe I shouldn’t have told him that part.
“I’m not gonna die or anything, I’ve just been stressed. That’s all. This is nothing compared to the
Empty Lot Incident. I’ll get the job done, and get out”
“... Even if you have to leave those kids behind?”
Kiryu hesitated to reply. “... It just is what it is. I’d rather hurt their feelings than get them or
someone close to them hurt. I’ll worry about crossing that bridge when I come to it.”
Kiryu wasn’t committed to that whole-heartedly, but it was enough to get Nishiki to feel mildly
relieved.
“Well, I'll admit. If anyone can make the impossible the possible, it’s my bro. I’m sorry I can’t be
there with you, I’m tied down with the usual nonsense here. Just be careful, and watch yourself. Try
to get something, hell anything from that Ooishi guy. If you don’t, I don’t see the higher-ups
waiting any more than maybe a week tops.”
“Got it. I’ll be safe out here.”
Kiryu was about to say goodbye, but Nishiki interrupted him. “Oh, I nearly forgot! Are you
familiar with a blonde woman in her mid-30s by the name of Miyo Takano?”
“I can’t say I have. Why do you ask?”
“Well, I haven’t confirmed this, but I think she’s from Hinamizawa. I just heard she had a meeting
with the higher-ups yesterday. Take that with a grain of salt, I just overheard it from a member of
another family yesterday.”
Kiryu’s mind raced.
Miyo Takano… Miyo Takano… Why does that name sound familiar?
“... I’ll keep that info in mind. Anyways, I got to get ready. It’s about 10:00 now, I don’t want to be
late for my ‘lovely meeting’.”
“Heh, good luck with that Kiryu.”
They said their goodbyes, and Kiryu hung up the phone. He sat back in his chair and looked up at
the ceiling.
… I’m sorry kids. I’m so sorry Rena. I don’t want to leave you all behind, but I don’t know how
much longer I can stay here. I’m doing this for all of you guys’ sake… even if I can’t fully
communicate that. At the least, maybe Shion can try to explain once I’m gone.

~~~~
It was five minutes past noon. Kiryu had arrived 20 minutes early and was starting to lose his
patience.
C’mon, old man. Where the hell are you? The world doesn’t run on your schedule.
As if Ooishi heard him, he suddenly entered the café. He was carrying some files with him.
“Ah, Kiryu! Hello, hello. I’m glad to see you here ready to go.”
“Yeah, in comparison to you being late.”
“Nfufu, I apologize, I had some unexpected business to attend to. You know how work can be.”
Ooishi put down the files on the table and took a seat.
“Before we begin, I must ask are you ready for this? You seemed frazzled when I mentioned those
five kids were involved in the investigation.”
“I’m fine. Let’s just get on with it.”
Truthfully, I’m hardly “fine”. I have to keep my composure, though. I refuse to freak out again
today. I’m tired of this bullshit, and the only way to deal with it is just to take it head-on.
Ooishi chuckled. “Good, that’s good. Now to make this go smoother, can you please tell me what
you already know about these kids.”
Kiryu paused recollecting everything he’s found out till now. “... I know Mion is the next in line to
the throne of her yakuza family, and that her grandma is the head of it at the moment. I’m aware of
what happened with Satoko’s brother Satoshi, and the abusive situation both were in with their
uncle and aunt. I also know about the death of said aunt, and how Satoshi… ‘ran away’ after that.
Finally, I know Rena can become very… intense in regards to talking about the curse. Also while
not related to the kids, I know about the events of the first murder. That's about all I know.”
Ooishi crossed his arms and nodded his head. “I see. That’s more knowledge than most people
have. Now then, which kid would you like me to talk about first?”
Kiryu looked disgruntled.
The hell? He’s having me choose? … I guess it would be best to hear about Mion first.
“Can you tell me about Mion first?”
“Hmm, let’s see. You’re aware of the dam war, right?”
“Yes, I’ve read and heard plenty about it at this point.”
“Great, then I can get straight to the point. You already know she’s the heir, but she was also quite
active in the dam war herself.”
“Even at such a young age?”

“Yes, she was quite active in the protests. She got brought into jail a handful of times for throwing
bricks at people.”
“... Really?”
“Yes, I’m sure you’re familiar with how an heir can be considering you took care of the son of
Sohei Dojima.”
Damn, this guy even knows that? How much did this guy dig into my past?
Kiryu normally would look a little shocked, but he was committed to keeping his composure. “Yes,
but young Diago was nothing like that. I lectured him a few times for abusing the power his
family’s name had, but he wasn’t out getting arrested.”
“Nfufu, Mion I suppose is more on the violent side of things. Understandable considering how the
Sonozakis are. I assume I don’t have to elaborate on how she is connected to my investigation.”
“Of course, what about Keiichi next?”
He moved here not too long before I did, there shouldn’t be anything much in regards to him.
“Ah, Keiichi. He’s an interesting kid. Well-mannered, humble, good speaker, he’ll go a long way in
life. He wasn’t always like that, though.”
“What do you mean?”
“... Let’s say his parents moved to Hinamizawa for a fresh start. I don’t know the full story, but
putting it bluntly he used to shoot at school kids coming home with a BB gun. Maybe it was his
way of relieving stress as a young adolescent, but he was only found out after he eventually
confessed to his parents and the local police station. It was only after he nearly shot a young girl in
the eye that he must’ve realized what he was doing and felt guilty enough to confess.”
“O-oh…”
That’s… not that bad actually. Plenty of cases of punk kids out there. The fact he felt such remorse
signifies to me he’s a good kid, and won’t grow up to be like some of the punks I’ve knocked the
teeth out of.
“Eh, thousands of worse kids out there. He’s a good young man. How is he related to your
investigation?”
“I’d agree, and I only say he’s related because I was planning to question him at some point. Then
you showed up, and ended up being the perfect man to help me out, nfufu.”
Kiryu was rapidly growing used to Ooishi’s mannerisms, but he still expressed mild annoyance at
Ooishi’s comment. “Anyways, what about Rena?”
I’d best steel myself for her. It’s just a gut feeling, but I know it’s going to hurt to hear this
somehow.
“Mmm, Rena is a special case. Are you familiar with mental illness much?”
“... Not much, does Rena have something like that?”

Ooishi opened one of the files and pulled out a piece of paper.
“You could say that. She seems to suffer from dysautonomia. While not a form of mental illness,
one can suffer from an abnormal heart rate, anxiety, difficulty sleeping, and headaches to name
some of the symptoms. She also has some form of…” Ooishi reread the file to make sure he got the
name right. “... delusional parasitosis. It’s a type of psychiatric condition where the patient
hallucinates there are bugs or parasites in their body.”
“In particular, our Rena would believe she was ‘filthy’ and had to ‘cut the maggots out of her
blood’. … I assume you’d rather not hear the details of that.”
Even Kiryu couldn’t hold his expression at hearing that.
Holy shit… I had no idea. Poor girl, that sounds horrible.
Ooishi continued his explanation. “Now keep in mind, I’m no professional in regards to this stuff.
I’m pretty much just reading this from the file here. It’s what happened some time back that’s
important.”
“What happened?”
“It’s hard to say exactly what caused it. Maybe one day she just snapped. What I can say is that she
was responsible for breaking every window in her school with a metal bat and also critically
injuring three of her male classmates. She was submitted to psychiatric evaluation afterward. After
a lot of therapy, medicine, and treatment she came back to Hinamizawa about a year ago. Y’see she
used to live here, but her family moved to Ibaraki several years ago.”
“I… see.”
Fucking hell, she’s had it rough. I get now why she was so scary once. But now I just feel bad for
her.
“One more thing, the girl during her treatment constantly cried out about ‘Oyashiro’. She believed
she was cursed for leaving the village, which is why she was being ‘punished’.”
Kiryu’s eyebrows raised at hearing that.
… That’s right. I read about that in a book last night. Those that leave this village are “cursed” by
Oyashiro. It’s just superstitious crap, but if Rena genuinely believed that… that would explain why
she acted so desperate about the curse. Maybe it's tied to her mental illness.
“She’s more indirectly than directly related to my investigation, but she’s an important girl
nonetheless.”
“Yeah, no kidding…”
“Finally, there’s Rika and Satoko. I’m glad you saved those two for last because they’re important.”
“They are?”
“Yes, they’re both orphans. Rika’s father was the main priest and head of the Furude family. He one
day died of an unknown disease, most likely the cause was a heart attack. His wife also disappeared

shortly afterward, but it’s believed she committed suicide and drowned herself in Onigafuchi
Swamp to ‘appease Oyashiro’.”
“As for Satoko, her parents were on vacation and fell off the side of a viewing platform mostly
likely due to leaning on an old rail that broke. It was considered a tragic accident. The body of the
father was found, but the mother was nowhere to be seen. It had just disappeared. And you seem to
be aware of what happened with the uncle and aunt a few years later.”
“Y-yes… I do.”
… Something is off here.
“That’s horrific and all, but how is it related to your investigation?”
“Oh, I figured it was obvious. These all happened on Watanagashi.”
Kiryu utterly froze. No amount of preparation made him ready for that realization.
… Holy fuck. Do you mean these three pairs of deaths are the ones that happened on
Watanagashi?! And they all three relate to Satoko and Rika?!
… No, the possibility was there. It always was there. I just didn’t want it to be true. Even after Shion
told me Satoshi disappeared on Shion’s birthday, in the back of my head I knew that was only a few
days after Watanagashi, but I didn’t want that to be related so badly.
“Kiryu, have you noticed a pattern regarding all these deaths?”
Kiryu was brought back to reality. “Er, maybe?”
“One person dies on Watanagashi, and one other disappears. They might not disappear on the same
night as Watanagashi, but it’s very soon afterward.”
Kiryu’s mind went blank.
… There’s no way. Really?!
“The dam construction manager died, and one of the six perpetrators disappeared in the first year.
Mr. Hojo died, and Mrs. Hojo disappeared in the second year. Mr. Furude died in the third year,
and Ms. Furude disappeared. Finally, the Hojo aunt died and Satoshi disappeared last year. That
brings us now to this year’s Watanagashi two days from now, and two more potentially unfortunate
victims. Freaky stuff, isn’t it? Nfufu… “
“... Freaky is an understatement.”
“They’re more connected than just that. It relates to the ‘Curse of Oyashiro’.”
“Yeah, what the hell was up with Ms. Furude?”
“It all goes back to the Dam War. Y’see there were some residents that actually approved of the
dam being built. Mr. Hojo was the leader of that group. That led to much tension between his
family and the rest of Hinamizawa, especially the Sonozakis.”
Yeah, no kidding. The last thing you want to do is piss off the yakuza.

“Even after the dam war, the Hojos were essentially exiled and considered outcasts by everyone.
Mostly because of Oryou Sonozaki’s influence. The parents’ deaths and the eventual deaths of the
aunt and uncle were considered to be Oyashiro ‘punishing’ them for going against his will. Satoko
Hojo is the last one left in Hinamizawa, but to this day she is considered an outcast by the
residents.”
“What?! She has nothing to do with that dam war!” Kiryu unintentionally raised his voice causing
some other people in the café to look his way. Once Kiryu realized he was making a scene, he
slumped down in the chair and cleared his throat.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to raise my voice there.”
“Nfufu, it’s fine. You’d be correct, it’s nonsensical. However, that village is deeply rooted in
tradition. Whatever Oryou says goes is what goes.”
… I’ll be damned, he’s telling the truth. I never really thought about it, but whenever I’d walk home
with the kids I never did see the others smiling at Satoko. They’d smile and wave at the other kids,
but I’m sure I saw one or two grimace when their eyes reached Satoko.
Kiryu wanted to be mad but remembered his goal. He took a deep breath and asked, “Ok, what
about Rika’s parents?”
“Mr. Furude was rather passive about the whole dam war incident, despite being the main priest.
Compared to the fiery determination of most everyone else, you can imagine they received
somewhat similar treatment to the Hojos. The Furudes also empathized with the Hojos, which was
more than enough to get a target on your back then. Some say the priest’s death was also
Oyashiro’s punishment.”
“... Just sounds like more batshit insanity to me.”
“Nfufu, I’d agree. I’d like to say one final thing. Do you have any guesses as to who actually might
be behind these cases?”
Kiryu recalled his conversation with Shion about Satoshi.
“Based on a conversation I had with someone I have reason to believe that Satoshi might have been
responsible for killing his aunt. I know the official statement is that some drug addict did it, but just
as a gut feeling I don't believe that."
“I’d agree. An absolutely tragic case if so, but it is the most likely case. It’s just a shame that seems
to be a common thread with both Hojo cases.”
“... Er, what?”
“Ah, I guess you wouldn’t know this. Most people wouldn’t. Now don’t freak out when I say this,
but … “
“... But what? You told me Satoko's parents fell off some cliff face because of an accidentally
broken safety rail, right? Where are you going with this?”
“... What if I told you Satoko possibly pushed them off?”

Kiryu didn’t move a muscle. A whirlwind of emotions swept through his mind. He said nothing,
prompting Ooishi to continue.
“Ms. Hojo cycled through multiple fathers for her two children. A cycle of marriage and divorce
that led to a rather unstable childhood for them both. Satoshi was at a mature enough age he could
handle it decently, but Satoko took it badly. She never had a good relationship with any of her
fathers, and they all eventually got tired of her and treated her badly. In fact, it wasn’t till she called
child protective services and faked abuse, that her final father realized he needed to step up and do
better. He cleared things up, but it left a lasting impression on him.”
“He did act like a better father after that as far as I know, but that sort of pain doesn’t leave a young
girl. Consider that the dam war stuff happened a few years later, and the resulting stress and
discrimination she faced the year afterward… “
“Ok, hold up. How does this lead to your claim?”
“I was about to say Kiryu. She was in the car with them on vacation, but her brother stayed home.
Nobody else was around, and no witnesses were there to give testimony. She was apparently
sleeping in the car, since she was feeling tired and didn’t want to join her parents. A park employee
was the one who awoke her to say there was an accident.”
“... Ok, makes sense so far. What gives?”
Ooishi leaned in and wore an extremely serious expression. “The first thing the employee said to
Satoko was asking where her parents were. She said that her parents fell off a cliff. How was she
able to know that despite seemingly being asleep?”
A harsh, horrific fear far worse than anything Kiryu had ever felt sprang to life at that moment. The
realization of the possibility made him feel hollow.
Ooishi continued in a solemn tone. “She also couldn’t see the guardrail from where the car was
parked. At most, she could maybe have made it out being broken, but why would her first thought
upon seeing that is that her parents fell off when they could have been anywhere?”
A migraine began to form in Kiryu’s head, and he half covered his eyes holding his head.
“Just… fucking stop, please. No more. I get the picture.”
“Mmm, I apologize. That one seemed to really rattle you. Would now be a bad time to ask a
favor?”
“... Just fucking ask it. I know you will regardless of what I say.”
“Nfufu, glad we don’t have to beat around the bush then. In exchange for telling you about
everything today, could I ask you to maybe ask at least one of the kids about this stuff?”
Kiryu took a clearly annoyed deep breath. “What would I even ask? You got one of the kids in
mind?”
“Hmm, perhaps Mion Sonozaki? You’re close to her, but she hates my guts. I couldn’t ask her
anything even if I wanted to, nfufu. To expand on one extra thing, I believe the Sonozakis have ties

to the first and third sets of deaths. While the Hojos might not be their fault, they’re still indirectly
to blame somewhat for them.”
“Anyways, I have to go. My lunch hour won’t last much longer, and I’d rather not be late for work.
Have a good day Kiryu, and be careful out there. Certainly wouldn’t want you to be one of those
poor souls that die this Watanagashi.”
Ooishi gave a wink to a Kiryu still holding his head. Kiryu didn’t say a word, and his eyes just
followed Ooishi as he walked out of the café. After Ooishi left, Kiryu still sat there not even
wanting to move. A couple of minutes passed, and he finally shifted his position and leaned back.
… It was foolish of me to think I’ve seen the worst the yakuza had to offer. I won’t say anything
about Mion or Shion, because I know they’re good people. The rest are fucking scum, though. To do
that to Satoko, how can I forgive them? Even if I don’t have proof yet, I’m starting to believe they’re
responsible for those deaths myself.
If nothing else, I’m going to make a bold move on Watanagashi night. I’m not going to let these
bastards get away with this for the fifth year in a row.

Chapter End Notes

Another chapter done! We are slowly, but surely getting to the end of this arc. I can't say
where exactly we are, but I want to say we're about 70% done with it. I might've mentioned
this before in a previous chapter's notes, but this will be arc 1/5. Look forward to those as
many more exciting chapters are yet to be seen.

Chapter 12: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 11: Merciless Afternoon
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Around the same timeframe Ooishi had been talking to Kiryu that Friday, all the club members
(minus Rika) were meanwhile hanging out and enjoying their day off from school. Rika had left
early in the morning and told Satoko she was going to the library to research some things in
preparation for her role as the shrine maiden in the Watanagashi festival. In reality, she didn’t want
to waste another day just sitting around waiting for Kiryu to do something. She figured she could at
least do some research and learn more about the Tojo and yakuza in general. She didn’t know if
she’d find anything, but she had to try. Hanyuu was keeping an eye on Kiryu like usual.
Otherwise, the club members were happily talking to themselves. Suddenly, the topic of Kiryu
came up.
“... Did any of you guys happen to see Kiryu in Hinamizawa this morning?” Mion asked.
The other three shook their heads no.
“You did tell him about Ooishi last night, right Mion?” Keiichi inquired.
“Yeah, I did. He seemed a little pale last night. I hope Ooishi didn’t rattle him too much. Kiryu
might be staying in bed to rest, or at least I hope that’s what he’s doing. I’ve always hated that
bastard Ooishi, putting his nose where it doesn’t belong. I was afraid he’d pick on you Kei, but it
seems Kiryu was chosen instead.”
Keiichi gulped at the idea. “I’ve never met him before, but he doesn’t sound like someone you want
to get involved with. Have any of you guys had to deal with him before?”
“Eugh, too many times frankly,” Mion said frowning. “It’s why I should’ve given Kiryu a heads-up
sooner. It’s my own fault for not considering that Ooishi might gun it for him.”
“Hau, I’ve interacted with him a little. I wouldn’t necessarily say he’s a bad man, but he’s not one
I’d want to have as an enemy or become involved with either,” Rena stated.
Keiichi sat back in his chair pondering his friends’ testimonies. “Phew, it seems I dodged a bullet
then.” He glanced at Satoko, who had been quiet this whole time. He noticed she wore a troubled
look, and she seemed to be remembering something unpleasant.
He then recalled what his friends had told him about Satoko’s past, and realized his error. “I
apologize, Satoko. I shouldn’t have asked you that.”
Satoko was brought back to reality. Mion and Rena had also realized their mistake and were about
to apologize too when Satoko interrupted them. “Oh, you don’t have to apologize Keiichi. I’m fine,
there’s nothing wrong with me. Go ahead, carry on talking.”
The other three knew Satoko wasn’t being honest but went along with it to appease her. They
switched topics and returned to talking about the usual.

Truthfully, Satoko recalled some painful memories when Keiichi brought up the question. Of how
she was interrogated after her parents’ deaths, as well as after her aunt’s death and her uncle and
brother running away. She had been stuck at the police station with Ooishi or other police more
than any other kid in Hinamizawa, other than perhaps Mion.
She normally wouldn’t have thought about such things, even if the topic of Ooishi had been
brought up on another day. She was self-aware enough to realize she didn’t normally remember
those times due to how much she hated them. Regardless, that didn’t stop the harsh thoughts from
penetrating her mind.
Incidentally, Satoko usually gave herself a shot in the morning to deal with her “syndrome”.
Sometimes she would forget, and Rika would have to remind her. Satoko would fuss over it also
sometimes, but she realized it was important for her health. However, if she had forgotten to take
the shot and Rika wasn’t around in the morning to remind her …
~~~~
Kiryu had arrived back in Hinamizawa. Not a cloud could be seen in the sky and the sun radiated
light over the entire town. A calm wind made the grass flow back and forth like waves at the beach.
Even the cicadas weren’t as loud as usual and were more of a relaxing noise in the background.
It was a lovely day anyone would enjoy, except for Kiryu at that moment. He felt like a zombie
sluggishly walking through the rural walkway. He was used to being warmer than usual due to
always wearing a suit, but he felt unnaturally sweaty all over. Kiryu was a man both incredibly
strong physically and mentally. However, he was nonetheless human and was starting to feel his
own mortality.
One resident said hello to him like usual, but all he could manage was a side-eye glance and barely
raising his hand. The neighbor brushed it off as Kiryu feeling sick, which he appreciated not
wanting to hold a conversation with anyone.
I have to get home and rest a little. Maybe I can do something more this evening, but I won’t be
able to keep up at this rate.
… Was this village always so peaceful? I can’t help but feel wary after hearing everything from
Ooishi. I once enjoyed the calm this village offered, but now it just adds to my anxiety. It’s too calm
here, as if you dared to shake up the order of this place you’d get swallowed up by the Earth itself.
Of course, I also acknowledge I’m dead tired, and probably full of shit. Not a bad idea to be wary,
but I’d best not slip down that slippery slope. I just…
Kiryu remembered how paralyzed he felt hearing Ooishi’s theory about Satoko being a murderer.
… I want to call it BS, but he has no reason to mess with me regarding that stuff. He’s a sly old
man, but I can tell he takes pride in his work. I just refuse to believe something like that could be
true.
If she did do it, it must’ve been some sort of accident. Maybe she has some mental illness like Rena
or some other problem. Maybe something I would have no idea of. I refuse to believe she would
intentionally kill her parents, I’m going to even refuse to believe she did it accidentally. Because if I
don’t… that would be too sad.

*pat* *pat* *pat*
Kiryu stopped as if one more step would have him fall off a cliff. Every muscle on his body tensed
up. As tired and worn out as Kiryu was, he still had his honed sense of danger, despite being out of
the yakuza for so long. Most would stay frozen afraid to look back, but Kiryu whirled his head
around to see the source of the noise behind him.
Nothing was there. Just the empty walkway he had traveled through many times at this point.
Kiryu’s eyes searched for any signs of life, but a grand sum of zero was shown to him.
Kiryu slowly turned back and continued walking.
Fucking lovely, I’m now hearing things that aren’t there, too. Can beat the toughest yakuza out
there, but can’t beat my own mind. Nobody is following you, just relax and head home.
*pat* *pat* *pat*
Every fiber of his being warned Kiryu of something heinous being there, but he forced himself to
ignore it. Whatever it was, he was too tired of dealing with these incidents to want to bother with it.
He walked for another two minutes, before finally not being able to take it anymore, and whirled
around at lightning speed.
“If there’s someone following me, you’d best show yourself you bas-!!”
Kiryu cut himself off upon recognizing a familiar face. This time there was someone there. Not
even two meters away, it was someone he knew and cared about deeply. Satoko Hojo stood there
mouth agape at Kiryu’s threatening yell.
Despite everything, Satoko was both the first and last person Kiryu wanted to see. He didn’t know
if he could keep his composure around her after everything he’d learned recently, but also the sight
of her filled him with warmth and peace.
Kiryu awkwardly coughed and attempted his best to act normal. “I’m sorry about that, Satoko. I
didn’t realize it was you. I thought you were… someone else. ”
Satoko recovered from her shock and crossed her arms. “-yYou gave me a scare there, Kiryu. It was
rather rude of you to greet me that way. Is that how a teacher should greet his students?”
Kiryu nervously laughed. “Ahaha, sorry about that. I’ve just felt a little… stressed today. Anyways,
what are you out here for? Were you… following me?”
Dark thoughts crept into Kiryu’s mind, but he tried his best to ignore them. The Satoko before him
was the cute angel he wanted to teach and protect, not some demon under the persona of a little
girl.
Satoko looked mildly annoyed. “I was heading out to get some groceries. I happened to spot you
and was about to say hello to you, before… that happened.”
Kiryu felt an arrow pierce his heart.
Damn it all! I don’t how much longer I’ll be here, but I don’t want to hurt any of these kids’ feelings
before leaving. Especially Satoko, so why did I have to freak out like that? Clearly, those footsteps
were just... well, I don't know what they were but it was obviously nothing.

“I’m so sorry, Satoko. Even if I’m feeling a little… on edge, that was incredibly inappropriate of
me. Please forgive your teacher for his harsh words.”
Kiryu slightly bowed his head. Satoko didn’t expect him to do that, but quickly covered her
reaction up by pretending to still be judging him slightly.
“W-well, as long as you know what you did wrong that’s all that matters. I wasn’t planning to hold
it against you, to begin with.”
Kiryu felt his mind calm down a bit. It wasn’t much, but he cherished being able to have a normal
conversation with one of the kids. It may not last long, but something was better than nothing.
“What’s Rika up to? Usually, you two are inseparable.”
Satoko uncrossed her arms and finally donned her usual adorable smile. “Oh, she just went to the
library in Okinomiya. She said she wanted to brush up on some history to better execute her role as
this year’s Watanagashi’s shrine maiden.”
Kiryu felt a shiver run down his spine at the mention of Watanagashi, but he made himself stay
calm.
“It is only two days away. She’s always such a mature and dedicated girl. It must be rough to have
that much responsibility at her age, but she takes it in stride.”
Satoko closed one eye and gave a judging glare. “Hmph, perhaps a little too much. I worry about
her sometimes, but I suppose she can take it.”
Kiryu felt uneasy and rapidly wanted to change the topic. “By the way, I believe your birthday is
coming up. Is there anything you’d like for it?”
Satoko’s eyes widened at Kiryu remembering her birthday. She looked at the ground pondering the
request when a mischievous smile crossed her face. “I’d love for you to help me set up a trap for
the rest of the club members. I’m a genius, but even my traps seem to have met their match.”
She glared at Kiryu with honest respect, and Kiryu smirked back acknowledging their unorthodox,
but friendly rivalry. Satoko continued, “However, the two of us together would be unstoppable. In
fact, maybe we could come up with a trap that entangles every student!”
Kiryu chuckled to himself. “Haha, let’s stay in reason. I’d rather not get fired after all. I’m sure I
could help create something, if it’s just the other club members, though.”
Satoko’s smile beamed as brightly as the sun overhead. “That’d be wonderful! I’d love to become
partners in crime with you, Kiryu. The club members will never see it coming.”
Kiryu greatly enjoyed their conversation, but his exhaustion never did fully leave him. He felt it
lurking around his legs pleading at them to rest.
“It was nice talking to you, Satoko. I’m going to head home now. Make sure to not be out too late
getting groceries.”
As Kiryu began to walk away, he heard Satoko whisper something. A statement that would change
everything.

“I really wish I could see Nii-Nii again.”
Satoko herself, later on, wondered why she said such a thing then. At the least, she didn’t mean to
say it aloud, much less for Kiryu to hear it.
Kiryu himself wanted to ignore her saying that. He wanted to pretend that nothing was happening,
but he had to face it. He had already stopped cold in his tracks. He also heard Satoko gasping in
surprise that Kiryu heard her. His mind went blank. He wanted to run like hell, not have anything to
do with that moment. He fought against it as hard as he could and took a deep breath quietly.
“Satoko, … I’ve learned some things recently. I… hope you get to see your brother again one day,
and I’m so sorry about your parents.”
It was all Kiryu could muster to say. If he was in a better state physically and mentally, he’d face
the girl. He might even have come up to her, hugged her, and whispered those words of comfort
into her ears. He couldn’t even look her in the eye in reality. Foreboding emotions and feelings
swirled around him as if he was stuck in a tornado of fear and uncertainty. He already regretted
saying something, but he was afraid he’d regret it more if he didn’t say anything.
After a minute of holding his silence, he forced himself to take a few steps.
Satoko was still in shock that Kiryu had said that. She felt something unnatural had changed in the
atmosphere.
How does… he know about my parents? Was it because of what Mion said…
Satoko wasn’t sure if she should ask this or not but felt she needed some closure. She started to feel
anxious and thought it would be best to ask for both their sakes. “Did Ooishi tell you that?”
Kiryu stopped mid-step. His foot not so much returned as wobbled to the ground.
*pat* *pat* *pat*
There were those ominous footsteps once again. Kiryu didn’t even think a single thought. He
reacted on instinct and turned around to face Satoko. And yet she hadn’t moved from her spot. She
only wore a face of concern and now caution at Kiryu’s sudden turnaround, but her feet remained
where they had been a few minutes ago.
Kiryu felt more panicked from this. Nothing made sense, and he felt like a caged animal backed
against a corner. He dropped all pretenses, and his face turned into a scowl. With a blunt voice, he
asked Satoko a question. “So? Does it matter how I found out the information?”
Satoko felt on edge. She had never seen Kiryu like this before and felt something was deeply
wrong. His face looked fearsome like he was a hunter and her the prey. “W-well, didn’t Mion warn
you not to talk to him?”
Kiryu felt surprised at himself about how straightforward he was being. He didn’t mean to direct it
at Satoko, but he couldn’t keep pretending that nothing was wrong. In the deepest reaches of his
head, something was also worming its way into his brain. Something he truly didn’t want to have,
but one can’t pretend forever.

It was doubt. It was barely noticeable, and maybe even Kiryu didn’t consciously notice it. It was
still there, though. The slightest bit of doubt about Satoko and her true character. He felt something
had been considerably off ever since she approached him.
“Satoko, it’s nothing to be concerned about. I had some business with him, that’s it. Go get your
groceries.” Kiryu said in a more serious voice.
To Satoko, it sounded more like a threat. Kiryu sought to leave this place as soon as possible, but
Satoko called after him before he could even move. “Ooishi isn’t a good person! He… yelled at and
interrogated me so much. He’s a mean man that… back when… ow, ow.”
Satoko held her head. The only thing that resulted from her trying to remember the fuzzy details of
that “incident” was a headache. Horrific visions flashed through her mind, and she couldn’t shut
them out. She was now starting to remember more than she did earlier, and she didn’t like it.
W-Why am I thinking about this right now? What is… going on? Is Kiryu doing this? No, he’s just
standing there. So why do I feel suddenly… so scared? Why does he remind me of Nii-Nii before…
he disappeared?
“Y-you weren’t like this till you met him, Kiryu. Something changed… what did you two talk
about?”
Every second this went on, Kiryu’s heart beat faster.
Why does she want to know so badly? Why the fuck does it matter?! Can’t two adults just have a
conversation, and it not mean anything?
… No, who am I kidding? This was possible. If someone saw me yesterday talking to Ooishi, who’s
to say someone else didn’t see me today? Even if no one did, Satoko can be a sharp kid. My
absence from Hinamizawa today along with me suddenly knowing key information about the
“curse” here? Put 2 + 2 together, and no shit I’m suspicious to her. I need to defuse this situation,
perhaps I should just be honest…
A fleeting moment of rationality helped Kiryu to regain a semblance of composure, and while he
still had it he told Satoko the truth. He locked eyes with her and dared not break eye contact. “Yes, I
talked to Ooishi today. He… told me all about your past. I’m sorry for doing so without your
permission, but I promise I have my reasons. I still see you as-”
Satoko’s body felt limp. The rest of Kiryu’s words didn’t reach her ears. Like a once dormant
volcano erupting, her mind spewed out all sorts of morbid thoughts.
What do you mean the truth?! What did Ooishi tell him?! Does he think I… what does… Is he
looking at me like that because he thinks I did something?
Satoko’s mind went in circles. She couldn’t coherently finish a thought. At last, the only thing that
came to mind was what she said during her interrogation.
“I-I don’t know what happened!!” Satoko cried out into the otherwise serene scenery. Kiryu’s
mouth was still open. Not another word dared seep through after her outburst. “I-it was an
accident!”

Kiryu began to shake all over. He didn’t know when, but the cicadas had become much, much
louder than before. The noise felt deafening to his ear, and the only thing that overrode that sound
was Satoko’s cries.
“S-Satoko, what do you mean?”
“I… I… I didn’t do anything. They died because of an accident. It.. wasn’t my fault. Why are you
acting like I did it?”
Kiryu started to shake even harder. He felt something was about to break. All he could do was
pathetically attempt to comfort Satoko with the remaining courage he had left. “S-Satoko that’s
not,,. I mean… “
Satoko lowered herself to the ground and put her hands on her face. Tears started to leak down her
face. It wasn’t the usual alligator tears Satoko normally had, or the immature ones she had when
she didn’t get her way. Her mind felt warped and confused, and she could only cry out in pain not
being able to understand two conflicting realities running through her mind.”
“I… I was asleep! I didn’t do anything! I *sob* didn’t do anything to them, I couldn’t have I… I…
“
Satokos’ incomprehensible wailing continued, but through it, Kiryu faced the harshest truth. He
stopped shaking. He stopped doing anything, even breathing. He finally knew the truth. One of
many truths, but a devastating one regardless.
The girl in front of him wasn’t a pure angel. Rather, she was a fallen angel. A poor child that
already had blood on her hands at such a young age.
Kiryu had wanted answers. He wanted to get to the bottom of at least some of these mysteries here.
At that moment, though, he regretted it more than ever. Satoko had confirmed his worst fears, and
yet before him, he didn’t just see an object of pity.
He also saw a being that caused him fear.
Fear that everything he had ever known was flipped upside down. Nothing was logical, nothing
was comprehensible, it was all the worst, most horrific things. The girl before him held deep sins.
Perhaps not intentional, perhaps because of a tragedy. They were there nonetheless.
And yet, his genuine feelings of caring for Satoko did remain. Even after everything, they wouldn’t
vanish entirely. He had his doubts and fears about Satoko. He wasn’t sure what he could even do to
comfort her now, but he couldn’t just stand there.
… Hey, me? Why aren’t you comforting her? Why are you letting the same thing with Rena happen
again? Do something, anything.
Kiryu for the first time took a step toward Satoko. It took everything in him to do so, but he
claimed the willpower necessary and followed through. He threw everything he had into the next
thing he could say. It wasn’t a graceful quote, but it was all he had. “Satoko, I don’t blame you for
anything. You’re a good person, you’re-”
The words escaped him as Satoko looked back at him with just as much fear as he had. He felt
confused and horrified that he had maybe said the wrong thing. It was then he finally realized

where he had gone wrong.
He had never considered what he must’ve looked like to her. Perhaps in all his own fear and doubt,
he had looked at Satoko with disgust. He was too focused on everything else to have noticed it
then, but he now recalled the face he wore. A judgemental scowl, one that resulted from
understandable fatigue. However, it was also one that immediately brought back to Satoko’s mind
memories of Ooishi interrogating her. The same judgemental, scary face that imprinted itself into
Satoko’s mind.
Satoko wasn’t so much afraid of Kiryu, as afraid of reliving that past trauma. To Kiryu though, she
looked utterly horrified of him. That he must’ve looked like some type of monster. A yakuza whose
name put fear into everyone who heard it. One that had far more blood on his hands than Satoko
did or ever would. For the first time, he actually regretted being the Dragon of Dojima. He had
always needed to have the look and expressions of an intimidating, harsh, and tough man as a
yakuza. However, it was the worst timing for those mannerisms to return here and now.
Nothing was said. Nothing was heard. Many things could have been said and heard at that moment,
but the words didn’t reveal themselves to either one of them. So what could Kiryu choose in that
situation? It was the last ditch thing he had. Something he did much of during the Empty Lot
Incident. He ran away.
He screeched at himself in his thoughts to go back. Perhaps even a few cries to go back escaped his
lips audibly. He left Satoko there all alone. He mentally wanted to go back there more than
anything else, but his body wanted just as much to escape. It was going to shut down or suffer
critically if he didn’t escape that situation then.
Kiryu was running on instinct once again only this time being brutally self-aware of what he was
doing. He ran even faster than that day from Rena. He ran with every bit of the remaining strength
he had. Self-loathing and adrenaline coursed through his body with both being the dominant forces
controlling him.
He finally reached his house and unlocked the door. He closed, locked it, and then stood there just
like had with dealing with Rena. That would be it, though. He didn’t realize he had fallen and was
on the floor till after he collapsed. He couldn’t do anything more. He had fallen to the floor onto his
side and rolled over onto his back from the momentum. It hurt, but Kiryu couldn’t even feel the
pain.
In his last bits remaining conscious, he did something he hadn’t done for a long time. Not since the
death of his close friend, Tachibana. His eyes watered and he cried. He cried for the first time in
nearly half a decade. Perhaps if he had any energy left, he would’ve had an emotional breakdown
then. But not even that could happen with his rapidly dwindling energy. Kiryu’s eyelids couldn’t
stay open any longer, and he entered a deep state of unconsented slumber.
~~~~
Rika was still at the library completely unaware of what was happening in Hinamizawa. The Tojo
wasn’t exactly an unknown organization, but more concrete details about them tended to be
secretive and scarce. The same could be said for the Sonozaki Family. Due to the many yakuza
films and crime fiction out there, however, it wasn’t impossible to become well-versed in how they
tend to function. At the least, on a somewhat exaggerated level.

Rika didn’t have the time to go through entire yakuza films or read whole books, so she focused on
any information she could find on the Tojo in particular or generalized info on the yakuza. She was
already somewhat aware of the inner workings of the Sonozakis due to talking with multiple Mions
across countless fragments. Comparing it to the limited information on the Tojo she could find,
they weren’t all that different.
As perhaps interesting as that information could be, she still wasn’t making ideal progress.
Dammit, there has to be something here! Please, just give me a little luck. I’ll take anything at this
point.
For once the dice rolled in a lucky fashion. She had been searching through old newspapers
randomly in the crime sections hoping for some info. She was about to put one from a few years
ago back in the stack, but a small column in the newspaper caught her eye.
She moved the newspaper into the sunlight beaming in from the library windows to get a clearer
view of the text. She nonchalantly read through the column, until about halfway through she froze.
Her eyes widened as she read through the rest of the text. She was both happy to have found
something but also chilled by what she had discovered.
She was about to call Hanyuu to update her on what she had found when the deity herself showed
up in front of her panicked.
“What’s wrong, Hanyuu?”
“Au, au, au! It’s an emergency, Rika! Satoko and Kiryu they’ve… they’ve collapsed!”
Rika didn’t say anything back, and her face turned white. She didn’t so much as question Hanyuu
what she meant. She recalled how when one dice was rolled to be favorable, one other could just as
easily be rolled to have undesirable outcomes. In that instant, she cast aside the newspaper she was
reading and ran out of the library. She got on her bike and pedaled down the road fiercely like a bat
out of Hell.
As the newspaper fell to the ground, the column Rika had been reading was facing up. The text
read as follows:
“It’s been about one year since the events of the ‘Tojo Clan Civil War’ as many readers have come
to refer to it. Not much has been revealed about it since then, but it shook the very foundations of
the Kamurocho underworld. Some of our readers have even written in about their own experiences
and memories of the war at that time.”
“One common thread many readers have identified was a man in his young twenties, who seemed
to be at the center of much of the action. Nobody knows his identity these days, or what’s happened
to him since. Some think he died in it, others think he was responsible for saving Kamurocho from a
terrible fate. Some have even said there was another young man with an eyepatch and long hair
that had a much bigger role in the whole affair.”
“Unfortunately our dear readers, it’s nearly impossible to put together the full truth. As a journalist
myself, I’ve seen the ‘truth’ mean many different things and interpreted in many different ways.
What I can say today is that one reader last week wrote in, and gave us a very interesting tidbit.
They’ve chosen to remain anonymous, which isn’t the worst idea when talking about the yakuza.”

“Allegedly, they saw the tattoo this young man in his twenties had. It was a vivid image of a silver
dragon sprawling along his back. He recounted how it was such a remarkable scene as the young
man fought alongside another supposed yakuza with a koi tattoo, that he could never forget it.”
“He also alleges that this man is a legend in the Tojo. While not active anymore, many titles have
been foisted upon this mysterious man. Perhaps the most common being the title of ‘Dragon of
Dojima’.”

Chapter End Notes

Fun Fact! It helps to write the horror/sad scenes in this fic by listening to the horror/sad music
Higurashi is known for. Just don't do it at night, because then you might feel really creeped out
before going to bed.

Chapter 13: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 12: Frightened by
Something Blazing at Night
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was Friday evening. Rika was sitting in a chair at the Irie Clinic, slumping with barely any signs
of life in her eyes. She held her hands together in a near-praying fashion and stared at the tiled
floor.
She had found Satoko collapsed in the middle of Hinamizawa, and had to rush to the clinic and ask
for help to get her. Satoko was alive but under heavy stress from the syndrome, and was asleep.
Hanyuu had elaborated to Rika everything that had happened to Kiryu that day, and the incident
between him and Satoko. Rika sat there in dreary silence going over everything that had happened
in her head.
“So… that’s it, huh? Kiryu has the syndrome, and it’s already nearing critical level. Ooishi never
told Keiichi his theory about Satoko killing her parents, so why on Earth did he tell Kiryu? It’s just
my freaking luck.”
“P-please don’t fret Rika, au. Y-you found out that info about Kiryu, right? About how he’s some
famous yakuza in the Tojo called the ‘Dragon of Dojima’?”
Rika’s head drooped and she didn’t face Hanyuu. “Does it matter when this is what I get in return?”
She suddenly slammed her fist against the desk near her almost causing a flower pot on it to fall
over and break. “What does it matter when I get so focused on learning about Kiryu, I forget
Satoko’s shot?! And now because of me, she’s … “
Rika didn’t finish her sentence, as her voice cracked from sadness. Hanyuu wanted to comfort her,
but no words came to mind. That was until Rika said an ominous phrase. “Something has to change
…“
Irie suddenly came out of the treatment room, which caused Rika to look up and quickly wipe the
tears from her eyes. He had just gotten off the phone with someone and wore a bittersweet smile
boasting both good and bad news. “Satoko is doing ok now, we injected her with her medicine.
However, I think it’s best if she stayed overnight. She was nearly critical when you brought her in
here. Any longer and something serious could have happened.”
“I … understand, Irie. Thank you, I’m so sorry for forgetting. It’s all my fault.”
Irie didn’t blame Rika for what happened, but he struggled to find the right words to tell her.
“Mistakes happen to the best of us, Rika. I’m just glad it wasn’t something seriously bad. Would
you happen to know anything that perhaps caused her symptoms to become worse?”
Rika analyzed the situation and figured it was best to leave Kiryu out of the picture. “I’m afraid
not. I just found her lying on the ground when I was walking through Hinamizawa.”
“I see. Do you need someone to walk you home, Rika? It’s quite late.”

“I’ll be alright. I know Hinamizawa like the back of my hand, nipah!” Rika attempted to go through
her usual act, but even Irie could tell she wasn’t being fully honest.
“Well, alright. Just be safe on your way home. I promise I’ll make sure Satoko feels better by
tomorrow.”
“Thank you, Irie. You don’t know how much I appreciate it.”
They both said their goodbyes, and Rika left the clinic. The sky nearing sunset was entering vivid
shades of orange. Rika walked solemnly with a goal in mind. Hanyuu floated behind her with a
concerned expression. “Rika, are you ok? You look… angry.”
“Of course, I’m angry, Hanyuu. I’ve been pissed at this loop for the last century. I’m not about to
let this continue any longer than necessary.”
“W-what do you have in mind, Rika?”
Rika turned back to face Hanyuu. Her eyes were narrowed and she wielded a determined gaze. She
put her hand into her dress pocket and pulled out an item that caused Hanyuu to gasp. In Rika’s
hand was a syringe full of C-117. “We’re going to give Kiryu a visit, Hanyuu. One he’ll be grateful
for whether he wants it or not.”
~~~~
Inside his home, Kiryu finally opened his eyes. He had been laying on the floor for the last five
hours and felt sore in most of his body. He sat up and rubbed his head. “Ugh, what the hell
happened?”
His head suddenly filled with memories. He stood up quickly after realizing the situation. He was
utterly exhausted earlier, but his unusual nap had given Kiryu some much-needed rest and energy.
He was about to dash out the door to where he had left Satoko, only to stop once he thought the
situation through.
He checked his clock and saw it was around 7 p.m.
I’ve been out that long?! Fuck me, what happened to Satoko?!
Kiryu hoped someone had come across Satoko, and helped her get to the clinic. He quickly dialed
the number and hoped someone would pick up quickly. After almost a minute of ringing, the phone
was finally answered by Irie.
“Hello?” Irie asked over the line.
Kiryu had met Irie a few times before and was familiar with him both being the head of the clinic
and also a coach for the local baseball team. He didn’t know Irie too well but considered him a
good man. He went to say something but stopped himself.
Hang on, … how much should I tell Irie? I’m not even sure what he’s aware of, or what someone
could’ve said. … Is he aware I was involved with Satoko before she collapsed? We were on a more
secluded trail, and I don’t believe anyone saw this but…
“... Hello?” Irie asked again.

Kiryu was brought back to reality and decided to pretend he didn’t know anything just to see where
things went. “Hey, this is Kiryu.”
“Ah, Kiryu! What do you need at this hour?”
Kiryu began to sweat a little and probed his mind for how he should answer. “I’ve been out all day,
but I heard… something happened to Satoko. What happened, should I be concerned?”
“Ah, she’s ok. I’m… not entirely sure what happened, but we believe she collapsed perhaps
because of a fever.”
Ok, so he doesn’t know I was involved.
“She collapsed?!” Kiryu faked to keep his cover from being potentially blown. “Is she ok?! Did
someone get her help?!”
“Ah, don’t fret! Satoko is doing alright thanks to Rika. She ran in and told us Satoko had collapsed
and needed help bringing her to the clinic.”
“Oh, … I’m glad to hear she’s ok.”
Kiryu paused realizing he was acting a bit odd.
… Shouldn’t I be more concerned about Satoko? Shouldn’t I be going over there right now and
making sure she’s ok and apologizing?
Despite Kiryu’s good nature, a lingering horror warned him not to go. In fact, the more he recalled
from earlier that day and everything that had happened this week, he felt sicker and sicker to his
stomach.
… If Irie says she’s ok, she’s probably ok.
“... Uh, Kiryu? Are you still there?”
Kiryu jumped forgetting Irie was still on the phone. “Yeah, sorry. I was just thinking about
something. Thank you for taking care of Satoko.”
“Of course, I’m happy too. By the way, would you happen to know why Satoko might have
collapsed today?”
Kiryu froze in place, his mouth agape unable to answer.
Why does he want to know? I can get why he asks, but… still, something feels not right.
“N-no, I can’t say I have.”
“Kiryu, are you ok? Your voice sounds a little shaky.”
“Y-yeah, just feeling a little under the weather. I just went overboard enjoying myself, I’ll go to bed
soon. You stick to worrying about Satoko, I’ll be fine. I know my own body pretty well after all.”
“Haha, that’s good to hear. Please allow me to advise that you get plenty of rest tonight.”

“Sure thing, Doc. Have a nice night.”
“You too. Stay safe.”
Kiryu hung up the phone and stood hunched over shaking. The air around him felt hazy, and he
suddenly felt unsafe. Past a certain point, he had been putting on an act with Irie, and now that it
was off he felt something needed to change quickly.
He paced around his house analyzing everything that had happened and tried to rationalize what he
should do next.
This is bad. This is really, really bad. I don’t feel safe here anymore. I don’t believe in ghosts,
aliens, or the supernatural in general. However, there is something deeply fucked up about this
place. Just staying here has been a net negative on my mental health.
I’ve never had any hallucinations of any kind. I’ve never had any drugs, nor should be under poor
enough health conditions to hallucinate. So why the hell am I having them here?! Did I catch some
disease or sickness I’ve never heard of before?
… Forget what’s wrong with me, what do I need to do next for my mission? I need to do something
on Watanagashi night, but I can’t remain here in Hinamizawa. It’s getting to the point, where I don’t
fully trust anyone, even the kids. None of the kids are bad people, even Satoko…
He stopped pacing and wore a somber expression.
… Even Satoko, I’m going to believe is a case of tragedy after tragedy. I… don’t know if I’ll ever
find out the full truth of what happened to her parents, and perhaps she did do …
He cut his thoughts off not even wanting to entertain the morbid idea.
Anyways, I… think it might be best to pack up and head for a hotel in Okinomiya. It might be fine to
stay here for tonight, but my gut tells me that’s a bad idea. I should only put essentials in my
pockets, and leave for now.
Not wanting anyone to know he was there, he turned off all the lights and used a flashlight to
search around. As he was rummaging through his stuff making sure he had everything he needed
before leaving, he spot something through the window. A figure was coming down the road toward
his house. He pulled the curtains and peeked out the window to try and see who it was.
… Is that Rika?
“Run.”
A voice not belonging to Kiryu whispered that into his ear. He freaked out and twirled around to
see nothing.
The same voice repeated that word over and over in his head. He wasn’t sure if it was his
unconscious/inner voice, or what. Either way, it freaked him out.
W-why am I freaking out? It’s just Rika, right? … Though, why is she coming down this way at this
hour?

Kiryu peeked through the slight opening, and his heart dropped to his stomach. He only got a slight
glance, but she was not too far from the house and was approaching rapidly. There wasn’t much
light so he couldn’t quite make out her expression. He didn’t need light to see what scared him,
though.
A roaring, deep blue heat aura all around her blazed and became fiercer with every step as she
approached Kiryu’s house.
Kiryu didn’t have time to think. He quickly collected things into his pockets, quietly opened the
backdoor, shut it, locked it, and sneaked out into his backyard.
Meanwhile, Rika had reached the front door. Hanyuu looked at her with unease.
“Do you think Kiryu is here?” She asked.
“I don’t know. Go inside and see if he is,” Rika ordered.
Hanyuu followed Rika’s command and entered the house. After about a minute, she came out and
shook her head. “I can’t find him. A lot of objects are scattered about, though. It was like he was
frantically searching for something. I don’t think it’s been that long since he left his house. It’s
almost like… he knew we were coming and left as soon as he woke up.”
Rika’s eyes widened at the possibility. She whispered, “There’s no way… just how good are the
instincts of that man? Hanyuu can you sense him anywhere around here?”
Kiryu was hiding in the woods not too far from his house and was spying on Rika.
What the hell is she doing? She’s just standing there… and why does it look like she’s talking to
herself?
Hanyuu closed her eyes and tried to feel for Kiryu’s presence. “I… think he’s somewhere in that
direction.” Hanyuu pointed to where Kiryu was hiding causing Rika to look in his general
direction.
Rika couldn’t actually see Kiryu, but he certainly thought she did. Every hair on the back of his
neck stood up, and he didn’t hesitate to run away.
Shit! How the hell does she know where I am?
The voice from earlier telling him to run pounded through his head, and decided to cast aside his
thoughts and just focus on running.
Both girls saw a shadowy figure move and realized Kiryu was there.
“W-What?! Is he running away from us?” Hanyuu asked in disbelief.
“C’mon! We need to go after him!” Rika yelled.
“W-Wait, Rika!” Hanyuu called after her, but Rika was already in a full run.
Kiryu didn’t know exactly where he was going, but he didn’t need to. In case he ever needed to
make a run for it, he familiarized himself with the area around his house and planned out an escape

route. He knew the general direction and despite the fading light, he was athletic enough to traverse
the woods with not too much trouble.
In contrast, Rika’s childish body had a hard time making up the distance between her and Kiryu.
However, she also had explored all of Hinamiza dozens of times and had tried out several different
escape routes over the many loops. She knew exactly where Kiryu was going.
“He’s heading for the wooden bridge, Hanyuu! We need to cut him off before he gets there, or else
we’re screwed!”
Hanyuu was freaking out and didn’t even fully process what Rika was saying. “W-what are we
even doing, Rika? Even if we catch him, what do you even propose we do?”
“Stab him with the syringe is the plan at the moment!” She yelled through exhausted breaths.
“W-What?! How are you going to even do that?! He might kill you if you corner him, Rika!”
“I don’t care! We don’t even know how many more fragments we have. I’m tired of waiting for a
happy ending to come to me. I’m going to claim it myself, even if I have to risk my life!”
Rika pushed herself even harder and put every ounce of strength she had into running faster.
~~~~
I’m almost there to the bridge. I don’t know why the hell she’s chasing me, but something bad is
going to happen if she catches me.
Kiryu couldn’t fully rationalize his decision. It was one made purely on gut instinct, and Kiryu was
always a man that followed his instincts above all else. Logically, it was silly to run away from a
little girl chasing him. It was just the situation with Rena all over again. However, logic had not
only gone out the window but was in another country at this point.
It should be right through this section here. If I can just get through it, I’ll be safe.
As he finally exited the forest, he saw the bridge. He was about to pick up speed but came to an
immediate stop. There only a few meters away in front of the bridge was Rika herself. Kiryu stood
there in shock.
How the fuck?! There’s… there’s no way a little girl like her should have even known where I was
going, much less get here before I did.
Kiryu took a preemptive fighting stance. To him now, the person in front of him wasn’t a little girl.
Rather, she was a person with unknown danger with an intimidating heat aura around her.
“Who the hell are you!? You’re not just a little girl.” Kiryu demanded.
Rika kept a blank expression, but suddenly shifted to a smirk. She spoke in a voice far too deep and
mature for a child, which threw Kiryu even more off. “I could say the same to you, Kiryu. You’re
far from normal Mr. Dragon of Dojima.”
The shock was apparent on Kiryu’s face.
She knows my identity?! Is she some kind of child assassin?

Kiryu tensed up more, and Rika took a few steps forward and casually continued, “Whether you
realize it or not, things have changed considerably since you got here. I’ll be blunt with you so we
can both save time. You’re someone I’d like to ally with, but I can’t do that with the way you are
now.”
Kiryu readied himself for a potential attack, as Rika slowly closed the distance between them.
“You’re sick with a local syndrome that affects the mind. It causes the victim to hallucinate and
develop a persecution complex. Worst case scenario, you’ll eventually commit suicide. I’m fully
serious.”
Kiryu slightly loosened up.
She’s… maybe not lying? That would explain a lot of things, and why I’ve been feeling so weird
lately. And yet…
Rika pulled the syringe out of her dress pocket as she took a few more steps forward. The two were
no more than six feet away from each other now. She wore a calm expression and approached
Kiryu carefully.
“This syringe probably looks like a knife or some weapon to you. I promise it’s not. This has
medicine that will help cure the effects of what you’re suffering from. Please Kiryu, I know you
have a lot of questions. Just trust me, take this shot, and I’ll answer whatever I can. I know I must
not seem trustworthy in the slightest, but please I beg you, trust me.”
Kiryu held his stance, but he was genuinely considering Rika’s proposal.
I… don’t sense any hostility from her. If she wanted to attack me, she would’ve tried something by
now. That aura of hers is even simmering down.
… And yet
… And yet
… And yet… what if she’s lying and that actually… is a knife?
“Don’t trust her.”
That same voice bellowed throughout Kiryu’s mind, and he realized he needed to make a choice
then and there.
A moment before Kiryu threw away all hesitation, Hanyuu realized their time was about to be out.
‘Do it, Rika!”
On Hanyuu’s signal, Rika nearly dived toward Kiryu with the syringe in hand ready to stab Kiryuu.
She was too short to properly reach his neck or hands/wrist where the skin was exposed. Her best
chance was to aim low, potentially avoid an attack, and stab him through the thinner cloth of his
grey pants.
Please! If I can just get the leg, I can deal with the damage afterward!
An average man might have succumbed to Rika’s sudden attack. Even Kiryu wasn’t entirely ready
for it. However, Kiryu was a fighter, and fighter reactions he had.

Kiryu moved incredibly quickly and shifted his body. He avoided Rika’s lunge and kicked her in
the side before she even hit the ground. Rika spat out blood and ended up landing a few feet away
from Kiryu. The syringe fell out of her hand from the force of the kick and broke apart as it hit the
rocky ground.
“Rika!!” Hanyuu cried out.
Taking the opportunity, Kiryu ran past her and down the rickety, old bridge as fast as he could.
“Rika! Rika! Please tell me you’re ok!”
Rika slowly looked up and wiped the blood from her mouth. “He held back and aimed for a nonvital spot. I think I only have a damaged rib and some cuts, but I can walk.”
As Rika slowly got up, her eyes looked to the other side of the bridge. There, Kiryu had a pocket
knife. He was cutting the last rope necessary before the bridge would fall.
“W-wait! Kiryu!” Rika weakly exclaimed.
It was too late. The rope was cut, and the bridge crashed against the rock face near Rika.
Before Kiryu ran off, he looked at Rika. They both exchanged uncertain glances. Kiryu looked
down wondering if he did the right thing or not. After a few moments, he turned around and ran
into the night woods.
Rika was alone in the dark. She sat there dazed, and in pain.
“R-Rika? Are you ok? Hanyuu inquired concerned.
Rika grit her teeth and slammed her fist against the rocks hard enough to cut the skin. “Damn it all!
We were… we were so close. I know he considered my plea. I saw it in his eyes! Why?! Why…
can I never save myself and others?”
Rika wore a bleak face, and Hanyuu could do nothing but try to comfort her.
As Kiryu ran through the forest, he thought back to Rika’s offer.
Rika… I’m so sorry. I hope I didn’t injure you badly. Maybe you were telling the truth, but I can’t
risk anything. I genuinely couldn’t tell if I was hallucinating that knife, or if it was just a syringe. I
just… didn’t know how to react when she suddenly rushed me, so I… did that.
Other than that, if I do have this “syndrome”, can I deal with it for now? I’ll... probably be fine if I
can just get to a hotel and rest. Please forgive me. I promise to all of you kids, once I’ve completed
my objective I’ll come back and apologize to every single one of you with all my heart. Just… hang
in there till then, please.

Chapter End Notes

Yes, the title for this chapter was inspired by the Keiichi vs Rena fight theme :p. Know that
Kiryu is acting purposefully out of character because of the syndrome, but I hope that I've
written it in a way that it felt like it naturally escalated. The Watanagashi festival is soon, and
what horrors shall it bring with it?

Chapter 14: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 13: Determination and
Despondence
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was nearly 11:00 p.m. Kiryu had walked a long time before finally reaching a bus stop. A mix of
caution and paranoia forced him to stay wary of his surroundings. It took some time, but a bus
finally came.
After traveling on it to Okinomiya, he perused a local drug store and got some over-the-counter
mood stabilizers. Kiryu wasn’t a medicine man, but he had heard once they were useful for dealing
with hallucinations. After that, he scouted a hotel and booked a room.
Utterly exhausted, he crashed onto the bed. The room’s cleanliness was of questionable quality, and
Kiryu swore he saw a smidgen of dried blood in the corner. It was the type of hotel room a gangster
would use to lay low, which was exactly why Kiryu picked it.
He could go to the finest hotels in Japan anytime with his money. Now, he needed a temporary
abode to rest and sort things out. Laying on his back and staring at the musty ceiling above him, he
focused on his next course of action.
I need to lay low. I can’t go back to Hinamizawa, till… maybe Sunday evening. Forget keeping up
any relationships there. I should assume my cover is blown, and that there are people actively
trying to hunt me down.
… I just don’t get it, though. Was that really Rika? That girl looked so much like her, but she acted
and even sounded differently from the adorable girl I know. … There’s no way she was an assassin,
but there was absolutely something off about her. I know she said she was holding a shot, but that
was a knife. There’s no way it wasn’t. She even lunged for me and tried to stab me with it. I just…
don’t get it.
These thoughts had been haunting him for the last few hours. Despite knowing better not to dwell
on them, the same questions kept coming up in his head. He finally shook his head and picked up
the phone.
This is getting me nowhere. Let’s just update Nishiki, and go to sleep.
The phone rang and rang. Kiryu sighed impatiently.
You’d better not be out with some ladies at a cabaret club, you prick. Don’t let me down here.
After a few rings, a familiar voice came through. “Hello?”
Kiryu sighed in relief. “Nishiki, it’s Kiryu.”
“Kiryu? … Are you ok, bro? You never call me this late, and this isn’t the number you gave me.”
“I’ll be straight with you. I’m in a hotel in Okinomiya. I literally ran away from Hinamizawa not
too long ago.”

Nishiki had been relaxing in an office when he bolted right up at hearing that. “What the hell
happened?!”
Kiryu pondered briefly how to put it.
… I can’t just say I was attacked by a pre-teen girl. He’ll think I’ve really lost it.
“I was… attacked by an assassin. I escaped with no harm, but I assume my cover is blown. They
said straight to my face that they knew I was the Dragon of Dojima.”
Nishiki briefly paused to take in what Kiryu was saying. “... You’re shitting me, bro. I told you this
was too dangerous!!”
Nishiki’s good-intentioned yell rattled Kiryu’s brain. “Yes, I know! I’m safe, ok. Don’t freak out.”
“How can I not?! You go to the most cursed town in Japan, and narrowly avoid getting killed by an
assassin! And you want me to NOT freak out?!”
“... It’s been a long fucking day. I don’t need you making it worse by yelling in my ear.”
Nishiki remained silent for a few seconds to calm himself down. “... Sorry, man. I mean, you’re my
brother. What the hell would I do with myself if something happened to you?”
“I know, Nishiki. I couldn’t ask for a better person to worry about me, but now I have no clue what
to do next. I don’t know what I could have done to blow my cover, but I screwed up badly. Look,
I’ll take full responsibility. Just… what should I do next, Nishiki? I’m at my wits’ end.”
“Ah… I guess you wouldn’t know this. I called you earlier three times, but you must’ve left your
house there already… “
Kiryu didn’t mention he had collapsed but figured Nishiki called him during that time. “What’s
going on?”
“ You… don’t have a mission anymore. The Tojo has been compensated for the deaths of the two
yakuza. It’s… over, Kiryu.”
Kiryu couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “... When and how?”
“This afternoon, and from a donation from an organization I’ve only heard rumors about. … Have
you ever heard of Tokyo?”
“... As in the city?”
“No, an organization named that! … I can’t blame you if the name sounds unfamiliar, though.
They’re extremely secretive.”
Kiryu recalled how he had once actually heard about them. All he knew is that they were some type
of prestigious, secretive organization that one wouldn’t want to mess with. “Vaguely, yes. Do you
mean they’re the ones who paid for this? I've never heard of the Tojo being bought off before.
Something else was at play here.”
“I couldn’t tell you what’s going on, man. All I know is that they supposedly gave a very expensive
check, and that was enough. If I had to guess, … I think even the Tojo don’t want to get on Tokyo’s

bad side.”
Kiryu was genuinely surprised. I know they’re high up in the underworld, but I’ve only ever heard
of the Omi having that much power. And what the hell does this Tokyo have to do with
Hinamizawa?
“... Nishiki, you mentioned some Takano woman earlier. Did she have anything to do with Tokyo?”
“I have no clue, dude. I didn’t see her at all today. … Maybe?”
Kiryu sighed as he continued grasping at straws for any explanation. After a momentary silence,
Nishiki spoke up. “So, … you are heading back to Kamurocho, right?”
The question hit Kiryu like a sack of bricks. He was too tired to have fully realized that no mission
meant no reason to stay. “Well, I … guess?”
“... Don’t tell me you actually want to go back to that hellhole? You almost got killed, and that’s not
enough to dispel your doubt?!”
“Agh, quit with the yelling. I just needed to take a second to digest what you said. … At the least,
let me update that cop before I go.”
“... Sorry, take care of what you need to do there. I wouldn’t want a copper on my tail either. Just
don’t go back to Hinamizawa! Stay in Okinomiya, and stay the hell away from there. That festival
is this weekend. I don’t care if two more people die there that night. You’d just better make sure
you’re not one of them!”
“R-right, I’ll be careful. I’ll come back as soon as I can, Nishiki. Just give me a few days. I’ll stay
safe.”
Nishiki sighed but somewhat expected that answer. “Alright, man. Make sure to switch hotels every
night, just in case.”
“Alright, quit being a titty-baby. I can take care of myself, as I’ve proven. This is nothing compared
to the Tojo hunting me down. I’ll be fine. … Sleep well, Nishiki.”
“... You too, Kiryu. Stay safe out there.”
Kiryu hung up the phone and laid back in his bed. The decayed ceiling gladly welcomed his
attention, but Kiryu wasn’t focused on it. He was still reconciling with the idea that everything he
had done for this mission for nearly a month now was ultimately for nothing.
… Is that it? Do I just clear things up with Ooishi, and head home now? Maybe call Shion as well,
and clarify stuff? That was the plan, right? I was going to leave once I had accomplished my
mission and put this all behind me.
The kids… dammit, this was the last way I wanted to leave them. I still have so many questions I’ll
probably never get answers to. Poor Satoko, … she’s probably scared of me now. Who knows what
the others will think once she tells them the truth. If they come to hate or despise me, … so be it. My
life in Hinamizawa is over. There’s no going back now. All I can do is hope I have a chance to send
them an apology.

… But hey, maybe that’s fine. I was never supposed to be in Hinamizawa, to begin with. It’s a town
I became a part of purely to try and help Nishiki and Dad. It was never going to last. There’s
something horribly wrong with that place.
… Just forget this ever happened. Leave it all behind, and go back to work. That’s what’s best. I’ll
get over whatever sickness I have with some medicine, and I’ll go right back to my normal life.
Watanagashi will pass by, and I…
I…
I…
Kiryu suddenly burst from his bed sitting up. Sweat had begun to form on his brow, and he held his
hand over his mouth in disgust. The horrid thought of one of the kids getting killed that night filled
his mind. A specific one of Satoko being choked to death flashing in his mind is what finally made
him jump from his bed.
He slowly stood up from his bed and took a slow walk toward the bathroom mirror. He looked at
himself in the mirror. There he saw Kiryu Kazuma staring back at him. He had seen better days, but
a resolute pair of eyes stared back at him regardless.
“… No, there’s still some sick fuck out there causing all this. Mission or not, at this point, it’s
personal. Yakuza, serial killer, or whatever. I’ll take them out no matter what it takes. If they dare
touch a hair on my students’ heads, they won’t ever see the light of day again.”
The world might not have been able to reply back, but Kiryu passionately proclaimed his promise
to it nonetheless. “Don’t worry, Nishiki. I’d worry far more over the poor bastard, who’s
responsible for all this.”
~~~~
Friday had been a long, arduous day, but Saturday finally arrived. For once, Kiryu had gotten a
decent night’s sleep. Despite his ambitious goal, he still needed to actually create a plan. He first
reached out to Shion to update him on whether Kasai found anything. She gave him an answer he
was used to at this point. Nothing. At this point, Kiryu would’ve been more surprised if she had
actually found something. He kept their conversation brief and gave a polite goodbye. He once
again asked her to not tell anyone of their conversations though, with an air of deceit as he implied
they would be keeping in contact.
The reality was much grimmer. Kiryu was flying solo. He called Ooishi and lied saying he had
found nothing out. Ooishi was a little skeptical, but he also half-expected that to be the reality
considering his own poor luck in investigating. He accepted Kiryu’s answer, and that was that. Both
his contacts were deceived and Kiryu was only relying on himself now.
There at a table in his room, he sat, staring down at a map of Hinamizawa. He wracked his brain on
how to approach this self-appointed mission.
I need a way to be around HInamizawa without being recognized. I dare not try to infiltrate the
festival. They know me and what I look like well, so I need to keep to the back roads. I have an idea
for a “disguise”, and I think it can work as long as they don’t see my face. I’d better remain
cautious, regardless. As for where the killer will strike…

… I can rule out the general festival area. There are far too many people around. Most likely, it
wouldn’t be near any housing areas or businesses either. The back roads or general wilderness
surrounding Hinamizawa is a good place, but Ooishi and his police should have those areas
covered. The killer would also somehow have to knock their victim unconscious and then drag them
to a place to kill and bury them, which all sounds far too risky.
Kiryu took a deep breath and laid back in his chair
C’mon, think outside the box! I’m… not a killer, but I know I can get into the head of one.
Kiryu doubly focused his effort, and meticulously scanned the map. His eyes landed on the Irie
Clinic.
I… can’t rule out the idea of the Irie Clinic being related to all this, but that’s as likely as any
business in Hinamizawa. Dr. Irie cares about Satoko as much as I do, and I can tell. There’s no way
he would ever let harm come to her. Even if she is… involved in those crimes, he would still accept
her with open arms. What else is there…
Oh, there is that dump where Rena likes to go treasure hunting. That would actually be a perfect
area to dispose of a body. … However, how is the killer going to get the body over there, to begin
with? I’m sure Ooishi has accounted for the dump just in case.
He thought and thought… and thought some more. Kiryu analyzed this situation more than perhaps
anything he ever had in his life. The old Kiryu would just bust in without so much a thought. It was
only through working a proper job for years that he began to develop the habit of planning
somewhat ahead. He was still doing something crazy, but the man now had a method to his
madness.
A man can only think so much, though. He slammed his fist on the table and lit a cigarette.
Technically, the hotel had a “NO SMOKING’ rule, but it was rare any of the staff actually enforced
it. He strode around his room and looked out the window.
“Is there something major here I’m just blind to?” He asked himself quietly. “I’m positive the killer
intends to use the festival in some way, but how? Rika is supposed to perform near the shrine, but
how would-”
Kiryu froze. The gears clicked in his head, and suddenly everything came together. … A shrine
nobody is supposed to go into, the gruesome rituals done in Hinamizawa’s history, whatever is
going on with Rika… it has to be connected to that shrine!! I can’t be positive but somehow… I just
know something will happen in that shrine that night.
A plan had finally begun to form. A simple plan that perfectly fits Kiryu. Sneak into Hinamizawa
and stake out behind the shrine hidden from the eye’s view. It was far from a perfect plan, but
Kiryu could pull it off. Watanagashi was on its way, and the Dragon was now ready to face it.
~~~~
Rika lay in her bed. The pain from her bruised rib was still present, but not as bad as it could be.
After her encounter with Kiryu, she painfully walked back to her house over the course of an hour.
It was a long, dreary night. Many feelings flooded Rika, but an overwhelming feeling of failure is
what most left her feeling despondent. The only twinge of comfort she had was the painkillers she
had taken after getting home, and the empty glass of wine she had nearby.

Irie had called earlier in the morning, and confirmed that Satoko was ok. The other club members
had heard that something had happened to Satoko, but wasn’t sure of the details. Irie passed it off
as a fever, and that she was feeling better and should be feeling well enough by tomorrow to go to
the Watanagashi festival. When he asked Satoko what happened, she said she couldn’t remember.
Rika figured she had repressed her memories much like she did years ago after killing her parents.
Hanyuu was greatly distressed, but tried her best to remain calm. “R-Rika, are you ok?”
With glazed over eyes, Rika stared at Hanyuu. “No more or less than the last three times you
asked.”
“I see…”
Silence was the unwelcome third wheel accompanying the two. One that had been present the
whole morning. “S-shouldn’t we be doing something?” Hanyuu asked.
“Do what?” Rika replied in a monotone voice.
“J-just anything! Anything besides sitting here!”
“... You already heard over the phone, Hanyuu. Irie said Takano is coming back tomorrow.
Ultimately, nothing changed. Even with Kiryu’s appearance, his fate is the same as my friends over
countless fragments. I was a fool to think I could break free of these rules just because he’s here.”
Hanyuu had had enough. “Are you just going to let Takano kill you again?!”
After a few seconds, Rika quickly sat up from her bed and grabbed her empty glass. “Goddammit,
what do you want from me?!!” She threw her glass at Hanyuu. It phased through her and broke
apart upon hitting the wall. “I screwed it up like I always do! I tried to do everything in my power!
To do my best as always! To have the motivation and hope that I can be saved, and after everything
I still failed! Kiryu’s gone, Takano’s back, what do you want me to do Hanyuu?! Sure, let Takano
kill me! It’s what usually happens anyways! We go to a new fragment with even less time than
before, I get killed again and we repeat it again and again AND AGAIN AND AGAIN AND
AGAIN TILL I FUCKING LOSE MY MIND AND CEASE TO EXIST!!!”
Rika’s rib began to throb, and she leaned back onto her bed exhausted from her outburst. “Just…
just let me drink for now. This world will be over soon and we’ll just… go to the next one. Please,
let me enjoy the last moments I have in this world.”
Hanyuu was speechless. She had rarely seen Rika this depressed before, but this might be one of
the worst episodes. All she could do is lower her head in shame despising herself for not being
powerful enough to save Rika. Kiryu… wherever you are, please come back. Please come… and
save us. Save us from this endless tragedy…

Chapter End Notes

Probs should've updated this sooner, but oh well. Playing Kaito Files finally got me back into
writing for this (very good expansion, would rec). I want to thank anyone still reading this,

and know I plan to continue it and never abandon it. Updates are just whenever I feel like it
lol. I've been admittedly way more focused on my other Super Robot Wars fic.

Chapter 15: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 14: Search Party
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was Saturday afternoon. Keiichi, Mion, and Rena were helping set up for Watanagashi. Despite
the festive air, the three felt rather gloomy. “Hey, Kei. Can you hand me that decoration?” Mion
asked.
“Oh, sure,” Keiichi replied. “Rena, how are you coming with setting up those prizes?”
“I’m doing well. Some of these are so adorable. I’d love to take them home. They’re just as cute
as…”
Rena cut herself off. She dared not mention Satoko and Rika in an attempt to pretend to be jovial,
but the other two knew what Rena meant anyways. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to bring that topic up.”
“It’s fine,” Keiichi said. “It’s gonna suck if Satoko can’t come tomorrow because of her fever, but
we can always spend time together afterward.”
“Yeah, let’s ensure we get and save some prizes for Satoko if she can’t join. I know she’d
appreciate that,” Mion added.
Rena didn’t reply as she was thinking about something. “Have either of you heard from Rika?”
The two paused. “No, I figured maybe she was practicing for the ritual somewhere. Why do you
ask?” Keiichi questioned.
“I thought so too, but I asked around and no one here has seen or heard from her. A few elders were
even worried something had maybe happened.”
“I… did actually,” Mion said softly. The two faced her in surprise. “I called earlier and she said she
was feeling sick and unsure if she could make it. Maybe she caught the same fever that Satoko
did?”
Rena suddenly looked much more serious than before. “What about Kiryu? Didn’t he tell you he’d
come to help out with setting up today?”
“Y-yeah, but it’s not like I ordered him to. It was more of an offer. Maybe he’s got a fever too?”
Rena remained silent for about ten long, intimidating seconds. “I also asked others if they had seen
Kiryu. Nobody has seen him since yesterday.”
Keiichi felt a mild chill run down his spine. “W-what’s your point, Rena?”
“I… I’m not sure exactly, but …” Rena lowered her voice to a whisper. “I think it might be related
to Oyashiro’s curse.”
A brief silence hollowed the three. “Oy, Rena! That has nothing to do with this!” Mion hissed in a
harsh whisper.

“Does it? Does it really?” She replied in an almost monotone fashion. “Something happens to
Satoko, Rika, and Kiryu all the day before Watanagashi. … And you want me to believe something
isn’t happening. If they broke Oyashiro’s rules then… “
“R-Rena don’t you think you’re jumping to conclusions?”
“Why would I be, Mii?”
“Because… well, because… “
Mion’s voice faded. She couldn’t look either of her friends in the eyes.
“Do you know something, Mii?” Rena inquired.
“I… um, it’s just… “
Rena suddenly grasped Mion’s hands and looked at her with worried eyes. “Please, Mii. As friends,
if you know what’s going on, please tell us.”
Forced to look into Rena’s pleading eyes, Mion resigned herself to speaking the truth. “I… don’t
know what’s going on exactly, but… I learned something about Kiryu earlier today.”
Rena and Keiichi stared at Mion awaiting her next words eagerly. “Tuesday evening, Rika came to
my house to borrow some manga. In actuality, she wanted to discuss something… important with
me.” She motioned the two to follow her to a more discreet area where the other adults would not
hear them talk.
“This is super secret stuff. You can’t be talking about this to anyone. A few months ago, two
yakuza from an infamous yakuza organization known as the Tojo Clan came here to Hinamizawa.
They were looking to collect money from someone with connections to my family. The last we
heard about them was them being in a hotel at Okinomiya. … They were found both found dead a
few days later.”
Both Rena and Keiichi’s eyes widened in shock. Mion would continue. “Obviously, the Tojo wasn’t
happy about this. They think my family was responsible. I promise you we weren’t involved, but
good luck telling that to them.”
“W-we believe you, Mion,” Keiichi said shakily. “R-right, Rena?”
“Right,” Rena agreed. “What does that have to with Rika coming over, though?”
“I was getting to that. I couldn’t tell you exactly what prodded her to ask me about this, but she
wanted me to investigate Kiryu. I asked a relative in Kamurocho to look into it and … “ She
hesitated, before continuing. “What if I told you Kiryu was a famous ex-Yakuza known as the
Dragon of Dojima?”
Both Keiichi and Rena were stunned silent. “W-what did you find out, Mion?” Keiichi asked.
“What I just said. Apparently, he got involved heavily in a Tojo Clan civil war that happened in
1978 and became somewhat of an urban legend because of it. I don’t know a ton about the Tojo’s
inner workings, but even I’ve heard rumors about the legend of the Dragon of Dojima. All I could
find out after is that he left the yakuza at some point, and seemed to start up a real estate company.”

Keiichi and Rena pondered what it could all mean. “So you’re saying there’s a reason he came to
Hinamizawa?” Rena wondered.
“... Maybe? Rika wondered if he was here undercover to try and figure out what happened to those
two yakuza. Has he asked either of you about anything specific?”
“... Yes, actually,” Rena said to the other two’s surprise. “Remember how he asked me about the
Watanagashi murders? Where would he have even learned about that in the first place? He also
asked us about Satoshi, and he mentioned to you how he met Shion. He met with Ooishi recently
too, and… things start to add up.”
The three stood there in an awkward silence for a few minutes comprehending what it could all
mean. That was until Keiichi spoke up. “Assuming that’s all true, that’s not a bad thing, is it?”
The two girls were confused about what Keiichi meant, so he continued. “Let’s say Kiryu is a
yakuza or at least an ex-yakuza with connections to these Tojo guys. That would explain a lot, and
why he’s seemed a little weird at times. Despite that though, that doesn’t mean he’s just been acting
this whole time. He might’ve lied to us about why he came here, but wouldn’t he come here to
maybe try and stop something from happening between the Tojo and Mion’s family?”
Both girls pondered Keiichi’s assessment. “I… actually considered the same,” said Mion. “Kiryu
might have an ulterior reason for a lot of his actions, but he’s still been so nice and helpful to us.
There’s no way he’s some bad guy. I mean, we saw how he comforted Rena and everything. I just
can’t see him as being some evil yakuza secretly.”
“I would agree, Mii,” Rena replied. “I trust Mr. Kiryu. He might have been forced to lie to us by
things outside his control. Maybe he was afraid we wouldn’t trust him if we found out. I can’t
blame him for thinking that.”
“Still, though,” Mion wondered aloud. “What’s up with him, Satoko, and Rika? Is there even a
connection?”
A smirk appeared on Keiichi’s face as an idea crossed his mind. “Why don’t we ask him ourselves?
We can just make a search party, and go out looking for him. We can even ask Rika to join us
assuming she’s up to it.”
The two girls paused for a second, but then softly smiled. “I’m impressed, Kei. You have a good
idea for once. I suppose a broken clock can be right twice a day,” Mion joked.
“You’re brilliant, Keiichi! Let’s go to Rika’s house right now," Rena exclaimed cheerily. Though,
she realized something. “ … Um, things will be fine if we’re not helping set up the festival, right?”
“Yeah, it’s fine,” Mion said nonchalantly. “I’ll just explain the circumstances, and I’m sure they’ll
be fine with it.”
“Well then, what are we waiting for?” Keiichi asked. “Let’s go catch us a dragon!”
~~~~
Nearly out of time, already out of wine, and absolutely out of fucks to give, Rika sat on her bed.
She had only drunk one glass to appease Hanyuu’s whines, if only because no amount of alcohol

would drown those wails out. While a bit tipsy, it wouldn’t be enough to give her a hangover in the
morning and she could mostly function well.
Not that her current status mattered to her. She was content to lay there the rest of the day till
Watangashi. “Wish I had a loaded gun on me. At least, I could kill myself rather painlessly and get
on with the next loop instead of waiting.”
Hanyuu didn’t even know what to say, she had never seen Rika like this before. “R-Rika, don’t say
things like that! That’s so awful!”
Rika slightly moved her gaze to Hanyuu in the corner of her room. Her expression was more
apathetic than anything else. “You’re right. That’s a little extreme. Do you think if I cut my wrists
and just bled out on the bed here, it wouldn’t be too bad?”
Hanyuu didn’t reply. She could only wear an expression mixed with disappointment and
frustration. What do I do? What do I do?! I have to do something or… or… am I this powerless?!
No, I have to think of something! AnythHer thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. As non-caring and apathetic as Rika had
been, the sudden knocking was enough to jolt her awake.
… What the hell? Is Takano or the Mountain Dogs already here? … No, I’ve heard that dreaded
knock more than once before, and that’s not them.
“Hanyuu, who’s outside?” Rika asked telepathically to avoid making any noise.
“I’m not sure, let me check.”
Hanyuu quickly floated outside and then back inside with a much more ecstatic expression. “It’s
Keiichi, Mion, and Rena!”
Rika was briefly shocked but then remembered she had asked Irie to give the excuse she was
feeling sick. A handful of elderly people had come by the house earlier wondering if she was ok, a
few even kneeling in front of the house and praying she would get better soon. Of course, her
friends would come to check on her.
“Hey, Rika?! Are you ok in there?!” Keiichi yelled a little too loudly for Rika’s liking.
“It’s us,” Mion said. “We wanted to come to check on you.”
“Are you doing ok, Rika? Are you?” Rena inquired, concerned.
Rika quietly sighed. It’s not that she didn’t appreciate her friends coming to make sure she was ok,
but rather she didn’t want to interact with this world any more than necessary at this point. To her,
this was a lost cause, and it didn’t matter if she interacted with this world’s versions of her friends
or not. She’d see fresh, but familiar versions of them soon enough.
“I’m feeling a little under the weather,” she said in a cutesy voice while pretending to sound a little
hoarse. “I’m sorry, I might not be able to come to the Watanagashi festival tonight. I hope they
won’t be mad at me for not being able to do the ritual dance. I practiced so much for it.”
“Ah, we heard,” Mion replied. “I’m really sorry you got sick at the worst time…” Her voice trailed
off. A little less than a minute passed, and her voice picked up again. “We were wondering if you

were feeling well enough to help us search for Kiryu, but if you’re not then just rest for now. We
can find a few others to help us.”
Rika perked up at the mention of Kiryu’s name. … Good luck with that, he’s probably back in
Kamurocho at this point.
“Is he not helping you guys set up for the festival?” Rika innocently asked, faking not knowing the
answer already.
“No, nobody has seen him around. I’m assuming you haven’t either?”
Rika hesitated for a second before replying. “N-no, I haven’t. Is he ok?”
“Well… Rika, do you remember how you asked me to have someone investigate Kiryu? I still don’t
know how you could have known this, but you were right. He’s a famous yakuza known as the
Dragon of Dojima.”
Rika’s blood ran cold. … They know about Kiryu’s identity?!
I talked about it with Rena and Keiichi. When we consider he’s a yakuza or at least has Tojo
connections, a lot of things make sense. However, we… don’t think he’s a bad guy. We’re thinking
he might be trying to mediate between the Tojo and my family like you thought. He’s probably here
to gather info on the two murdered yakuza and is trying to put a stop to potential war. I don’t mean
to just drop all of this info on you, but I’m saying all this because we want to find him. We want to
ask Kiryu himself and confirm the truth. We’re going to choose to trust in him for now, because
he’s our friend and that’s what friends do.”
Rika was completely befuddled. The entirety of this loop had been massive ups and downs. She
had been given hope only for it to be immediately crushed more than once within the last six days.
And yet somehow, she knew. She knew this might be the last opportunity in this loop to accomplish
something. Even if it was minuscule and she would go to the next loop soon, the dice had awarded
her a chance here and she’d be damned if she blew it.
“... Give me a few seconds,” Rika said. While not outright drunk, she still felt a bit tipsy and her
motor functions weren’t up to 100% yet. Combined with laying in bed all day and her mind feeling
heavily lethargic, getting up was an unfun experience. Dammit, if it wasn’t such a serious situation
I know Hanyuu would be giving me a lecture right now.
She slowly but assuredly worked her way down the stairs to the first floor and opened the door. Her
three friends were ecstatic to see her. “Rika! You’re feeling well now?” Keiichi questioned.
“Well, enough to search around for our teacher,” Rika said resolutely.
“Are you sure?” Mion asked. “You look a litt-”
“I’m fine,” Rika assured. “We need to try and find Kiryu quickly.”
A sense of anxiety suddenly entered the atmosphere. “Do you think he’s in danger, Rika? Is he?”
Rena asked, worried.
Rika paused for a moment trying to find an answer. “I don’t know. I just have a bad feeling in my
stomach.”

“Do you have any clue where would be a good place to start?” Keiichi inquired.
Rika side-eyed Hanyuu, who had been silently observing the conversation the whole time. She
nodded her head to Rika.
“I think he might be in Okinomiya, Time is of the essence, we should get going.”
She started to move quickly before Mion grasped her hand. “Wait, Rika. Do you know if any of this
has to deal with Satoko? She only has a fever, correct?”
It was only for a moment, but Rika’s expression betrayed her shock only for her to immediately
hide it and regain control. She donned a childish smile. “Meep, not at all. Poor Satoko got sick at a
terrible time. I hope she feels better soon.”
Mion returned Rika’s smile with one of her own. “Good, I was a little worried about her. Let’s go
find Kiryu, and give Satoko the warmest welcome once she’s out of the clinic.”
Rika’s slight slip was unnoticed by Keiichi and Mion, but Rena was observant enough to catch it, if
just barely. Her mind wandered, and she wasn’t 100% sure she had even seen the right thing.
However, worry still lingered in the back of her head. Rika… are you hiding something?
~~~~
“That ought to do it,” Kiryu said to himself. He looked at himself in the mirror. As a backup plan,
Kiryu had a “disguise” just in case. It was one of a handful of things he had grabbed before
deserting his house. A red Hawaiian shirt with a yellow floral pattern along with khaki pants
adorned his body. He had given himself a buzz cut and shaved his beard with an electric razor
giving himself the look he had as a yakuza. He had also dyed his hair a bright blonde. The final
cherry on top was a cheap pair of sunglasses he had bought from a nearby store after finishing the
rest of his outfit. The result? A young tourist that had a punk look to him, completely unlike the
more dignified, far-older-than-he-looks display Kiryu was used to having.
His disguise was effective, but certainly, not one he wanted to have. Eugh, I look like some amateur
street gangster. Nishiki would laugh his ass off if he saw me like this.
Oh well, at least it works.
It was now evening, and Kiryu was now ready for tomorrow night. He had left the hotel for another
similarly destitute one some five miles away just to cover his tracks by registering under a fake
name. There was only one problem. His stomach growled loudly, and it hadn’t been the first time
within the last few hours. He had some emergency rations on him, but with his disguise complete
there was no need to waste precious food.
Kiryu sighed to himself. Damn, I’d guess I’d best get myself something to eat. A lot of hotels will
have some type of free dinner for their guests, but this certainly isn’t one.
There was a noodle stand about a mile from here, I suppose I could walk over there. Shouldn’t take
too long.
Kiryu left his room, made sure to lock it, and promptly exited the hotel. The sun was starting to set,
but he’d still have enough light for an hour or so. As he walked along the busy sidewalk, he did
notice some people staring at him. Though, if anything that’s what Kiryu desired. He gave back a

nasty look at anyone that stared too long and played into the role of the punk quite well. Most
likely, because he more or less was one as a teen. His disguise was working wonderfully, but the
attention still made him feel a little nervous.
From what I’ve gathered, there are Sonozakis or Sonozaki-affiliated businesses all around
Okinomiya. I’d best be on my guard just in case.
It wasn’t long before he could see the ramen stall in the distance. The delicious smell hit him like a
truck, and he was more than ready to get some food in him.
I have enough money to get any food I want, but there’s nothing like noodles from some random
stall on the side of the road.
Once he got there, he sat down, ordered a bowl, and started to go to town on the ramen.
Damn, that tastes good. I never get enough of this stuff.
He briefly stopped eating, turned around, and observed his surroundings. The street and buildings
were painted in a beautiful orange, as the sun would fully set within the next 20 minutes or so. A
soft smile appeared on Kiryu’s face. This is… nice. This whole week has been one nightmare after
the next, it’s nice to be able to just sit down and enjoy myself for once. I know what will come
tomorrow but for now… I’m just going to enjoy the quiet.
Once he had finished, he thanked the stall owner for the grub and headed back to his hotel. A mild
summer breeze accompanied him. At this point, the streets were becoming less busy, and people
were heading home or already home. Kiryu took a deep breath in and out enjoying the fresh air.
This has been maybe the most stress-free I’ve been this whole week. I just have to get back to the
hotel now, lay in bed andKiryu’s eyes glanced to the sidewalk parallel to him. Later on, he would be overwhelmingly
grateful for the sunglasses he had on because nothing else could hide the shock in his eyes at what
he saw.
Keiichi, Rena, Mion, and Rika were biking down it coming from Kiryu's direction. They were the
last people Kiryu had wanted to see, and now he was right next to them with only one street
dividing him and them. The worst part? A second or two after he noticed, Rika shifted her gaze and
stared right back at him.

Chapter End Notes

Hey yeah, this isn't dead lol. Life just been kinda crazy, and I also wanted to re-edit/reread the
whole fic to improve it where I could. Got that done finally this week, and now got this
chapter done. Hope you enjoy.

Chapter 16: Dragon Slaying Arc Chapter 15: Eve of Watanagashi
The four kids had biked to Okinomiya and had been searching for the last few hours. They mostly
focused on going around the various businesses the Sonozakis owned, and Mion would ask if
anyone had seen Kiryu. Most were dead ends, but a few had confirmed they’d seen or thought they
saw Kiryu around.
They even asked Shion at Angel Mort, but she said she hadn’t seen him. She would have joined the
search herself if she didn’t have to close the cafe that night. She wished her friends the best of luck
and that they’d find Kiryu soon.
Hanyuu was separate from Rika and the gang flying over Okinomiya, trying to sense and find
anyone that could be Kiryu. Thousands of people lived in the town, so it wasn’t exactly an easy
task. Still though, she was trying her best and searched where she could trying to cover as much
ground as possible.
Unfortunately, neither Hanyuu nor Rika and her friends were having much luck. While they now
knew Kiryu had been seen in Okinomiya within the last 24 hours, they had no clue where he was
precisely. Even if every hotel and business in Okinomiya provided the names of every client that
had been there recently, there was always the chance of him using an alias.
Rika sighed as she continued down the sidewalk. Keiichi noticed and tried to cheer her up. “Please
don’t fret, Rika. We are making progress. We have at least a few sightings of him.”
Mion caught on and continued saying, “Yeah, it’s only a matter of time before we find him. My
family has this entire area covered.” I… hope at least. She decided to keep that last part to herself.
Rika still felt frustrated but appreciated her friends trying to comfort her. “I’m sorry, I’m just
worried about him.”
Rena had been observing Rika carefully and had kept mostly silent. She had been hesitant to ask
her somewhat bold question, but for everyone’s sake, she felt now was as good a time as ever to
ask. “Rika, did something happen between you and Kiryu?”
Rika nearly lost the balance on her bike and had to screech to a halt. This caused the other three to
have to stop quickly, lest there be a four-bike accident on the news later that night. “R-Rika?!
What’s wrong?” Keiichi blurted out.
Rika didn’t face the others, and she stood still on her bike. … Of course, Rena of all people would
see through me.
As the silence continued, Rena spoke up. “Rika, I don’t want to accuse of you doing something
wrong, but you’ve been skittish in regards to Satoko and to an extent Kiryu. I just… don’t think it’s
a coincidence something has happened to you three all within the last day or so. You trust us
enough to tell us if something happened, right?”
Those words hit Rika like a brick. … Is there even a point in hiding it from them? I was only able to
come this far recently by trusting my friends. I know I’m used to lying cuz they haven’t believed me
in past loops, but that’s not the case here. I don’t know if I can tell them everything, … but they
deserve to know at least about Kiryu and Satoko.

Rika got off her bike and leaned it against a nearby wall. “You’re right, I’m sorry Rena.” She
turned to face her friends. No fake happiness, no little girl act, but herself. The real, far too mature
for her age Rika only rarely showed her friends. But now was no longer the time for false
appearances. “This will sound crazy, completely and utterly absurd. But I need you to trust me on
this.”
Years of attempting to explain and cry out for help to others had made Rika rather concise and
efficient at explaining her dilemma. She talked about Hinamizawa Syndrome, about the general
effects of it, and how the Irie Clinic had been secretly doing research on it with Satoko and Rika.
She left out details on the truth of the Watanagashi murders, and how it tied back to Takano and the
Mountain Dogs being her murderer, if only because she desperately feared something like the
ending of the last loop. She wanted to make sure everyone including Kiryu hadn’t been affected by
the syndrome yet, and was on her side before she planned to take on Takano.
She did trust in them, but In the current situation, telling her friends everything would most likely
lead to everyone dying again. This was especially likely with the unknown factor of Takano
meeting with the Tojo and what that entailed. The only way she could now save her friends and
herself in this loop was to cure KIryu from the syndrome. That was the only path forward she could
see at this point.
She did explain though, how Kiryu was most likely suffering from the syndrome. While she knew
what truly happened between Kiryu and Satoko because of Hanyuu, she had to say it as a “guess”
due to not actually seeing it herself and for it to make sense to her friends. She explained her
“theory” was that maybe Kiryu had asked Satoko about the Watanagashi deaths. This caused
Satoko to freak out, which in turn caused Kiryu to freak out. She reasoned that while she did truly
find Satoko passed out on the ground, she lied and said that she heard Satoko mention Kiryu’s
name in her sleep and that she had acted like how she did shortly after the death of her parents.
She then explained how after she left the clinic, she went to Kiryu’s house to confront him only to
see him run away from her in the trees behind his house. How she chased after him and “lost track”
of him afterward avoiding talking about the events at the bridge, if only since that would
complicate things even further. The main point she wanted to convey was that KIryu was most
likely in danger of succumbing fully to the syndrome, and it could cause him or someone around
him to die from it.
After saying everything, the three looked at her with a mix of emotions. It wasn’t rocket science for
the three to connect the syndrome to possibly being the cause of at least a few of the Watanagashi
murders. Rena in particular made the connection in how it might have affected Satoshi or herself.
However, that wasn’t their focus. Instead, they were now doubly determined to find Kiryu and help
him. If only so nobody else died on Watanagashi ever again.
Rena would be the first to speak, “Is there a way to cure this syndrome?”
Rika nodded her head. “It’s not exactly a cure, but Irie has made a vaccine called C103 that keeps
Satoko’s effects at L3. If we can inject Kiryu with that, it should keep him from becoming critical.
And yes, we would most likely have to do it forcefully. I don’t see him consenting to it.”
The other three nodded their heads. “Do you think he will be at the festival tomorrow night?” Mion
speculated.

“Most likely, yes,” Rika confirmed. “He didn’t need to stay in Okinomiya. If he wanted to truly get
away from here, he’d be back in Kamurocho by now. The fact he’s been spotted in town recently
makes me believe he’s going to do… something at the festival. I don’t know what, but I’m leaning
toward something extreme.”
“Then what should we do?” Keiichi asked, puzzled. “Watanagashi gets a minimum of a few
thousand people every year, I’ve heard. Do we just search all of Hinamizawa for him?”
A smirk appeared on Mion’s face. “Not a bad idea, Kei. I think we can do that.”
The others look confused, but Rika was the most so. “We… can?”
“Yeah, in the morning I’ll just ask my grandma if she can announce that Kiryu is missing and that if
anyone sees him please report to her. I can maybe even wrangle in Ooishi and the police’s help by
promising him to be ‘helpful in his investigation’ for once if they keep an eye out for Kiryu.”
Keiichi and Rena were beaming. “That’s a great idea!” They both said in unison.
Rika was slightly stunned, but a soft smile eventually appeared. Ah, how silly of me. Of course, the
Sonozakis would be the greatest asset I could ask for right now. “Thank you, Mii. We’ll need all the
help we can get.”
Mion paused thinking about something and then asked Rika one final thing. “Should we tell Satoko
about all this too? It’s not that I want to keep this from her and lie, but… I don’t want her to freak
out again.”
Rena and Keiichi faced Rika to see her response, and she nodded her head. “That’s probably for the
best. If she is feeling well enough to be at the festival tomorrow, I don’t want her to be under
unneeded stress. And even then, I don’t think she’s going to feel well enough to go.”
The other three nodded their heads. “Should we head back home now?” Keiichi wondered.
“Yeah, let’s do that,” Rika replied. “We have a plan of action and need to start preparing for
tomorrow.”
Keiichi then held out his hand. “For Kiryu and Hinamizawa?”
The other three put their hands on his and raised them at once. “For Kiryu and Hinamizawa!!”
They all said in unison, perhaps a little too loudly for those nearby wondering what the kids were
even up to.
“Did you hear all that, Hanyuu?” Rika inquired.
“Yes, it sounds like the best shot we have now.”
The four then started to bike home. As they were biking, Rika happened to glance over at a tall
blonde man wearing sunglasses and what looked like a vacation get-up. He was staring back at her,
though his expression was hard to read. What the hell is up with that guy? Is he from somewhere
out of town? … Nevermind, who cares if some punk is giving us a dirty look. I have more important
things to focus on.
She faced away from the man her eyes on the sidewalk, and prioritized heading back to
HInamizawa as efficiently as possible.

~~~~
Rika looked away and passed by Kiryu as if he hadn’t even been there. It wasn’t until they were out
of sight that Kiryu gasped for air. He dared not breathe, lest it somehow give him away. Rika
however was a little human girl, and not some creature whose eyesight was based on movement.
He was just lucky that his disguise was effective in doing its part, not that that kept him from nearly
having a heart attack.
Fuck, that was close. What the hell are they even doing around here? Were they…
A multitude of answers filled Kiryu’s head, but none felt conclusive. In the end, he wasn’t sure why
they had been in Okinomiya. All he knew is that it felt ominous. Rika hadn’t given a stare any
different than the other people that had looked at him before, but it still greatly unnerved him. As if
somehow she knew, it was him.
The paranoia was beginning to overflow, so he shook his head to refocus. Look, it doesn’t matter
why they were here. Even if they were outright searching for me, none of them recognized me in this
get-up, and that’s the best thing I could have asked for.
Kiryu once again started walking back to his hotel, entered, and went to his room. As he locked it,
he laid down in bed to go to sleep. He figured he’d need all the rest he could get, and went to bed a
little earlier than normal. As he tried to fall asleep, his throat started to itch. He forced himself to
ignore it, and just focused on getting rest.
I promise, kids. I’ll explain everything once I’m done, but I’m going to make sure no more murders
happen on Watanagashi if it’s the last thing I do.

Chapter 17: Dragon Slaying Arc FINALE: Failure
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was Sunday morning in Okinomiya. A woman in her mid-30s was riding in a car. She played
with her long blonde hair as she enjoyed the morning sun illuminating the busy sidewalks of the
town. Her face was one of anticipation, eager for a grand event to begin. Her eyes seemed gentle,
perhaps motherly at first glance. Upon further examination, one might see a speck of darkness in
them, though. A part of her she had learned to hide well.
While the last week had been rather rough and she had dealt with some rather unsavory people, she
had managed to make a deal. One that would greatly benefit both her and her… “allies”.
She thought about a certain man, who had been a point of discussion. One that shouldn’t have been
in Hinamizawa in the first place, and threw a major wrench into her plans. It was only now she
could breathe a sigh of relief, as the man was no longer a problem. After everything she had done
up to this point, one man wasn’t going to get between her and her goal.
A sadistic smile appeared on her face. My, my, I wonder if he’s even still in Hinamizawa? Who
would have thought there was such an infamous man in Japan? Though, in the end, he’s nothing
more than a stepping stone. Just as all of Hinamizawa will be tonight.
She was starting to leave Okinomiya and head down a rural road. One heading right for
HInamizawa.
I’ve already challenged God Himself and will ascend beyond Him. What hope does a dragon have
to stop me?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DRAGON SLAYING ARC: FINALE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It was now evening in Hinamizawa. The Watanagashi festival had begun. Not only did just about
everyone in Hinamizawa come out to the festival every year, but multiple tourists would visit as
well. While tourism had declined considerably ever since the dam war, there were always those that
either didn’t know or didn’t care and came regardless. It was the highlight of the town celebrating
its long history. How could one afford to miss it?

Dozens if not hundreds of booths lined the town, taking up any space they could find. Games, food,
attractions, and all sorts of local wares were being shown off. As lively as it all was, for the
inhabitants of the town there was a certain tension in the back of their minds. One easily ignored by
the fun and amusement provided, but it was there nonetheless.
Multiple police officers were patrolling both the festival, the area of the town outside the festival,
and even the back routes in the forests and swamps of the area. With the possibility of another two
murders happening that night, they were determined to catch the culprit this year.
Ooishi especially was on guard, as he walked the festival grounds. He contacted his subordinate
Katsuya over a walkie-talkie. “Anything new on your end, Katsuya?”
“No, Sir,” his fellow detective replied. “Nothing yet.”
“I see.” Ooishi put his hand to his chin. He looked around analyzing the festival for anyone that
could be suspicious.
“By the way Sir, why are we also searching for this Kiryu fellow? I know he’s been missing, but is
he a suspect?” Katsuya inquired.
A slight smile crossed Ooishi’s face. “I wouldn’t say that entirely. He has helped me a little with
my investigation. Though, he’s not exactly fond of me, nfufufu.”
His partner sighed. “You enjoy messing with people too much, Sir.”
Ooishi chuckled to himself. “Maybe just a little.”
“Do you think he’ll be here tonight?” Katsuya asked, getting back on topic.
Ooishi paused for a few seconds in thought. “Consider it an old man’s gut feeling, but he’s here
somewhere tonight. I couldn’t tell you why, but that dragon is up to something.”
“Dragon, Sir?”
“Oh, nothing. Just a nickname I’ve given him.”
~~~~
Elsewhere, the kids had been enjoying themselves that night. Unfortunately, Satoko had not been
able to come and was in Rika’s house resting. Keiichi, Mion, and Rena had been having fun getting
up to all sorts of shenanigans and making sure to save some prizes for Satoko. Of course, all the
while they were also keeping an eye out for Kiryu. They had let everyone know that he had been
missing and that if anyone saw him to update the Sonozakis.
With the great influence of the Sonozakis and even the help of the police on her side, Rika was in
good of a spot as possible to find Kiryu. And yet, he was nowhere to be found. She had to fulfill
her role as the shrine maiden and get ready for her performance that night. One she had done
hundreds of times, and was muscle memory for her at this point.
Nonetheless, she wished she could be out there herself searching for Kiryu. Hanyuu was also trying
to search, but once again the sheer number of people made finding him nearly impossible. It was
the definition of trying to find a needle in a haystack.

Rika sighed and talked to Hanyuu. “I doubt it, but have you found anything?”
Hanyuu hesitated to reply not wanting to give Rika a disappointing answer. “... No, I haven’t,” she
said solemnly.”
Rika glared harshly at the wall in front of her. “Is it that hard to find him now, Hanyuu? I thought
you were able to detect his ‘unwavering will’ like Takano?”
“I’m trying! I’m trying!” Hanyuu blurted out, frustrated. “I only was able to sense it after observing
and focusing on him for a while. It’s not something I can detect instantly, much less in a huge
crowd like this.”
Rika felt mildly guilty and apologized. “I’m sorry, Hanyuu. I know you’re trying your best.”
An awkward silence filled the gap. Hanyuu would try to break it as best she could. “You have to go
on stage in a few minutes. I’m sure I don’t need to ask this, but are you ready?”
Rika took a deep breath in and out and got into her regular persona. “Yeah, I’m ready.”
~~~~
No one was aware of the Dragon of Dojima’s location. Not Ooishi and the police, not Rika and her
friends, not even those who lurked in the shadows of Hinamizawa. No one, but of course Kiryu
knew. Though, everyone was right on one thing. He was in Hinamizawa. He was at the festival
currently. And above all else, his disguise was working better than he could have ever imagined.
Kiryu presented himself as nothing more than an average tourist. One that perhaps looked a little
punkish, but also looked far more relaxed without the sunglasses on. He was giving everything he
had towards his act, lest his facade slip. If it did, to Kiryu that would mean the end of his mission
and quite possibly him.
Faces he had said hello to regularly were now unsure enemies. Several dozen people would look at
him as the outsider he appeared to be. He just gave a soft smile, and they would smile back or
ignore him and move their attention elsewhere. He did his best to avoid his nerves making him look
suspicious.
He also avoided speaking to anyone, afraid his voice would give him away. He was nowhere near
as good at faking an accent as someone like Majima and kept social interaction minimal.
He had arrived by bus shortly after the festival had started, wanting to blend in with the crowd. The
only thing he had done for the last hour or so was look around the exhibits and listen to an elder
talk about the history of Hinamizawa to other tourists pretending to not know it himself.
He only had so many options to kill time though, and he was beginning to feel anxious. Dammit, I
hate every bit of this. When the hell are they going to do the ritual? That’s the only chance I’ll have
to investigate the shrine.
Kiryu then stopped in his tracks. Not too far in the distance at a separate booth, he saw some
familiar faces. Rena, Keiichi, and Mion were playing a game. It was one of those festival games
where one shoots at prizes to knock them off the counter to claim them. Keiichi was currently
aiming at a massive teddy bear. He fired and hit it clean in the head knocking it off the shelf with
less resistance than one would expect.

“Bullseye!” Keiichi shouted.
“Thank you, Keiichi!” Rena cheered. “I can’t wait to take home Mr. Bear with me. He looks so
cute!” Rena was a bundle of joy, her face melted in ecstasy.
“Good job, Kei,” Mion congratulated, patting Keiichi on the shoulder. “I would have gotten it in
less than three shots, though. Just saying,” she said with an overconfident grin.
“Heh, I’d like to see you try,” Keiichi challenged.
An announcement from an elderly man woke up Kiryu from his trance. It was the mayor of
Hinamizawa, old man Kimiyoshi. Kiryu had only met the man once, but he knew the face. The
mayor had announced that the ritual would begin soon, and that for everyone to please come to the
shrine.
A pit formed in Kiryu’s stomach. Not one from fear or distress, but one from sadness. He turned
away and walked away from them towards the shrine. He expected a lot to happen that night, but
feeling left out wasn’t on that list. He took a deep breath and kept himself moving.
It’s fine, I’m doing this for them. I’d love to be hanging out with them tonight, having fun, making
memories… but I need to protect them. Even if they’re not being targeted, I don’t want any more
innocents to die here.
As he continued walking, the realization that Satoko wasn’t there hit him. He could only grit his
teeth in frustration.
… God, I know we don’t talk a lot. I don’t even know if you exist. But if you’re out there, I pray this.
Please protect these kids, and please let Satoko Hojo be ok.
As Kiryu walked away, Rena spotted him staring at them right before he turned around. She looked
at his back as he moved away from them. While she didn’t recognize the stranger, she had briefly
glimpsed his eyes. Eyes that seemed familiar to her.
Was that… no, it couldn’t have been. … Could it?
~~~~
The ritual had begun. Rika performed the sacred performance as she had tens, if not hundreds of
times before. Kiryu in the meanwhile was not in the crowd watching. While he was sure it was a
captivating spectacle, he had higher priorities. He had wandered away from the crowd into the
forest, straying even from the back roads lest the police he had noticed patrolling catch him.
The route he took to the shrine was somewhat long, but he hoped his roundabout path would throw
off anyone potentially following him. He had kept his guard up the whole day, and any exhaustion
he felt he forced away as now was the most critical part of his plan.
Eventually, he could see the back of the shrine in the distance. It was supposedly a warehouse,
though for storing what Kiryu didn’t know. As he approached, the hairs on the back of his head
stood up as he sensed a presence ahead of him. He kept low to the ground and kept behind the bush
and various trees. However, Kiryu was no master of stealth, and he was only lucky that the two
figures in his sight hadn’t noticed him yet.

The closest he was willing to get was about 15-20 ft away from the two hiding behind a tree. His
eyes lit up recognizing one of the figures. It was Jirou Tomitake of all people. What the hell is he
doing here?!
The other was a woman with long blonde hair that seemed around Jirou’s age that Kiryu didn’t
recognize. … Is that the female friend JIrou said knows a lot about the Watanagashi murders? No,
more importantly, what are they doing?
Kiryu leaned in trying to hear their conversation. “Miyo, are you sure about this? Isn’t this a really
bad idea?” Jirou asked.
“Oh, don’t chicken out now, dear. It’s not every day you get to see ancient wonders like this,” the
woman replied.
“Y-yeah, but I’d rather not be branded as a thief, haha,” he said, nervously laughing.
“I’m not going to steal anything, I just want to see these tools in all their glory. Surely, that’s not a
big deal?”
“I-I think the locals would beg to differ.”
Kiryu silently watched. What on Earth could be in there that’s worth breaking into? That lady
doesn’t even want to steal anything, she just wants to look at what’s inside?!
As Kiryu leaned in closer to try and hear better, his foot slipped. He quickly regained his footing, at
the cost of snapping a twig loudly beneath his shoe. He instantly hid himself, but he knew he had
messed up. He didn’t have to look to know the two he had been spying on were suddenly silent and
looking his way.
“H-hello? Is anyone there?” Jirou asked, the dark forest not giving a reply back.
Kiryu’s heart was beyond rapid. Fuck! What do I do?! Do I run away or…
He clenched his fist to relieve some stress and calm himself down. … It’s fine. I know, Jirou, and he
knows me. I’ve been caught, but so have they in… whatever they’re doing. None of us in this
situation want anyone else to know we’re here.
Kiryu took a deep breath and walked out from behind the tree. He didn’t say his name or anything
but rather asked a simple question. “What are you doing here, Jirou?”
The tension and fear left Jirou as he recognized the voice. “K-Kiryu? Is that you?”
Kiryu put a finger up to his mouth telling him to be quiet. Jirou looked at him blankly for a few
seconds and then nodded his head. The woman was still on guard and kept her eye on Kiryu’s every
movement. “You know our guest, Jirou?”
“... Yes, I do. He’s an acquaintance, you could say. He’s the new P.E. teacher I told you about.” He
turned his attention back to Kiryu. “That is you, right Kiryu? You look completely different, and…
haven’t you been missing for the last day or so?”
Kiryu’s mind raced for how he should respond. He ended up deciding that telling a partial truth was
his best choice. “It’s a long story, but um, … to keep things simple. You know how I told you I love

true crime stuff? I’m also a bit of an adrenaline junkie, too. I thought it would be really cool to
catch a potential murder that happened tonight.”
A very awkward silence enveloped the three for almost a minute. Jirou would break it. “A-ah, I see.
I’m… not sure if that’s the healthiest hobby, Kiryu.”
A mild smile had appeared on the woman’s face. “Ohh? I think it’s perfectly natural, Jirou. Are we
not doing something somewhat similar?”
Jirou stared at his partner in disbelief. “W-well, I’d rather avoid being involved with a crime,
haha.”
“And yet here we are,” she said calmly. Almost too calmly. “You said your name was Kiryu? Were
you perhaps thinking a murder would take place in this warehouse tonight?”
The woman was right on the money, and Kiryu’s eyes narrowed ever so slightly. Just who is this
lady? She’s way too composed for the situation she’s in.
“May I ask your name, Miss?” Kiryu asked, avoiding the question.
Jirou spoke up before the woman could answer. “Ah, where are my manners? This is the… friend I
was telling you about, Kiryu.”
“Oh ‘friend’, am I?” The woman teased with a look of mischief.
“W-well, maybe more than just friends, haha.”
“My name is Miyo Takano. A pleasure to meet you.”
The name flashed in Kiryu’s head like a bullet to the brain. That’s… that’s the name of the lady that
was meeting with the Tojo!
The shock was apparent on Kiryu’s face, but he saved himself by acting like he recognized the
name from elsewhere. “Oh, I know you. You’re the nurse from the Irie Clinic.”
Kiryu honed his senses and made sure to keep his composure. Before him might just be the key to
finding out what the hell was going on, and he needed to act naturally. I don’t know why she’s here,
but it can’t just be a coincidence.
“Why yes, yes I am,” Takano acknowledged. “Have we met before?”
“No, I just recall Irie mentioning the name.”
“Ah, I see.”
As much as Kiryu was trying to force himself to relax, something about Takano unsettled him. Her
eyes felt almost serpentine. He had been around plenty of shady folk, and every single one had a
common look about them. The eyes of a predator eyeing its prey, and Kiryu undoubtedly felt that
coming from her.
“May I ask what you two are doing here?”

Jirou hesitated to answer, but Takano spoke for him. “I’m just like you, Kiryu. While my interest
might not be crime exactly, we both have a passion for learning the truth. I seek the truth about the
mysteries of Hinamizawa. What’s the truth behind the Watanagashi murders? Do they have
anything to do with the morbid history of this town and the ancient rituals that have happened here?
I am utterly fascinated with this town and have been researching it for a while now. Are you
familiar with the legends of Oyashiro?”
“... You could say that. I’ve definitely done my research.”
Takano clasped her hands together. “That’s wonderful. Ooh Jirou, you should’ve introduced me to
him sooner. You know how much I love to talk about things like this.”
Jirou awkwardly shrugged his shoulders. “Haha, I’m sorry it must have escaped my mind. Also,
you have been on vacation for the last week.”
“Oh, you could have told me over the phone. It would have been the highlight of my day coming
back here.”
Of course, there was the fact that Kiryu had been missing for the last day or two. No one brought it
up though, considering Takano didn’t seem to care a bit about that fact.
She then faced Kiryu again. “Unfortunately, the people of Hinamizawa aren’t too keen on sharing
information. I understand why, but it’s such a pain to research anything here. I eventually had had
enough, and figured it would be the quickest to just welcome myself to the contents of this
warehouse tonight and get some fast results.”
“What exactly is in this warehouse? All I know is that nobody is supposed to be here, but the
Furude family.”
Takano’s face was beaming all too eager to talk about the subject. “I’m assuming you have
knowledge of the ancient rituals that happened here? This warehouse should have the tools used in
them. I’m sure there’s quite the… variety in here.”
Kiryu’s heart skipped a beat. Ah… a torture chamber. Lovely, no wonder no one is allowed back
here.
His mind flashed back to the thought of how one of the two yakuza died, and he grimaced. It was
entirely possible someone had killed him using the very tools in this warehouse.
Takano only gave a grin back at Kiryu’s very obvious distress. “At least that was the plan until you
showed up. Now that you’re here though, … would you mind accompanying me, Kiryu? I know
we’ve just met, but I’d like to talk to you about something. Somewhere that’s not here considering
the performance I believe just ended, and I’d rather not be caught.”
Both Kiryu and Jirou’s eyes lit up in surprise. “M-Miyo?”
Takano gave a comforting smile to her partner in crime. “Don’t worry, Jirou. You were only doing
this for my sake, to begin with, and now you don’t even have to do it. I’d like you to follow me
along with Kiryu.”
“O-oh… ok, sure Miyo. Where to?”

“Just over towards the river. It’s a five-minute walk at most. Do you mind, Kiryu?”
Kiryu paused before answering. … She’s absolutely up to something, but I don’t really have a
choice here. I’d best follow her if only to keep an eye on her.
~~~~
Now a good distance from the warehouse and shrine grounds, the three looked around to make sure
no one else was present but them.
Kiryu’s nerves weren’t going to be any less shot, so he decided to break the silence. “Soooo, what
did you want to tell me, Ms. Takano?”
She turned to him with a blank smile. “Oh, it’s nothing too important. We lost our chance to
explore the warehouse, but I want to say don’t feel bad. I knew this could happen. I’m just glad we
were found out by you, and not anybody else. I mean, you have your own secret reason for being
here after all. I think it would benefit us mutually if we just pretend this meeting never happened.”
“I… suppose so.”
Kiryu wasn’t sure how to proceed. He could only react based on what Takano said next. Though, he
hardly expected what she said next. “By the way, who do you think killed those two yakuza last
month?”
Kiryu froze. It was both the syndrome and his natural instincts that told him something was
immensely wrong. He had not trusted the woman in front of him one bit, but he caught it in her
voice then. Something not even Jirou noticed. He had heard an underlying sinisterness in her voice.
At this point, he didn’t even decide to fully hide his caution. He knew she knew something, and he
was ready to take on a potential enemy, if necessary. “I’m not sure. I’d guess perhaps the
Sonozakis. Just out of curiosity, where did you go on vacation, Ms. Takano?”
Her eyes sharpened. “To Kamurocho. It’s such a lovely part of Tokyo, though I personally prefer
the serenity here in Hinamizawa.”
“Really? What a coincidence. I’m from there. As much as I love it myself, it’s definitely not for
everyone. I’d say it can be rather dangerous if you don’t watch yourself. I hope you didn’t
encounter any crooks there knowing how the city is.”
“I didn’t, but thank you for your concern. Speaking of, while you probably don’t have to worry
about anything, be careful tonight.”
“... And why do you say that, Miss?”
“Well, it is Watangashi tonight. There’s been a murder and a disappearance on this night four years
in a row. While I can understand having an interest in them, make sure you don’t end up ‘demoned
away’ as the locals say.”
“... I’ll make sure to stay safe. Thanks for the heads-up.”
“Of course, it’s my pleasure.”

This pretend polite back-and-forth was obvious to even Jirou. He wasn’t entirely sure what was
going on, but he could feel the tension in the air. To Kiryu, he saw an incredibly dangerous woman.
One he didn’t know much about, but one he was wary of nonetheless. One that had a screeching,
bellowing aura around her. To Takano, this was the feared Dragon of Dojima. One she hadn’t
recognized at first but knew instantly once Jirou mentioned his name. An unknown element, a thorn
in her side, and above all someone she saw as a threat.
She would end their meeting saying, “Take care, Kiryu. We’ll be leaving now. Let’s go you know
where, Jirou.”
“R-right! Coming!” Jirou quickly followed her as they entered the dark forest in front of Kiryu.
Now left alone, Kiryu had only one course of action he could think of. I don’t know what her deal
is, but she has to be connected somehow to all of this.
Once they were out of Kiryu’s sight, he began to head in the same direction they had, intending on
following them.
Unbeknownst to either Kiryu or Jirou, she had given a signal to a man in the distance. One of the
Mountain Dogs that were Takano’s personal task force. A signal that meant the hunt for the Dragon
was on.
~~~~
Keiichi, Mion, and Rena were talking amongst themselves. The ritual had just ended, and they were
walking around the festival seeing if there was anything else they could win. That was until Rika
still in her shrine clothes came running up to them. Rena instantly realized something important
had happened. “Rika, what is it? Is it Kiryu?’
“Y-yes!” Rika answered, trying to catch her breath. Someone said they saw him behind the shrine,
we have to go catch him now.”
The three nodded their heads, and with no words exchanged, followed Rika as they ran back to the
shrine.
~~~~
Kiryu was doing his best to follow the couple, but he was falling behind. Where are they going? I
think this goes in the direction of the Irie Clinic, but why would they be goingKiryu stopped in his tracks. Five men had appeared not too far in front of him. Out of the corners of
his eyes, he also saw some other men exit the forest. He suddenly realized he was surrounded.
After everything that had happened this whole week, after all Kiryu had suffered, in by far the most
dangerous situation he had been in since moving to Hinamizawa, he didn’t feel stressed.
Instead, rather he entered a combat stance. Playing detective, investigating the possible
supernatural, having to deal with hallucinations, and some unknown sickness? All unfamiliar to
Kiryu, but here he was more comfortable than ever. He was about to fight for his life, and he knew
how to do that incredibly well.
There are at least a dozen around me, probably more. 20… 30 maybe?

He readied his body, honed his senses, and became aware of any possible movement from the
enemy. They were armed with knives, tasers, and possibly other weapons.
“Get out of my way, if you know what’s good for you.”
One of the Mountain Dogs from behind Kiryu rushed him with his knife. Before he could even get
within striking distance, Kiryu spun with a round kick aimed at the side of the man. The impact
was strong enough to break the man’s arm and launch him into a nearby tree. The other Mountain
Dogs knew their target would be difficult to bring down, but none had truly recognized they were
facing an absolute monster.
Kiryu sighed and moved back to his former stance. “You dumbasses never learn. Fine, let’s do it
your way. There’s no need to hold back, step forward if you want to die!!”
~~~~
The four kids were running as fast as they could. “You’re sure he’s this way, Rika?!” Keiichi
yelled.
“I’m positive!” Rika answered back. In reality, Hanyuu was guiding Rika. She had briefly told Rika
about Kiryu meeting with Takano, as soon as Rika was done with the ritual. Damn you, Takano.
What are you doing?! Or was this Kiryu’s fault? I don’t know. I just know I need to get him the hell
away from her before somethingRika never finished that thought. She grinded to a halt along with the other kids. The four kids were
beyond shocked at the scene before them. Unconscious bodies of multiple men were laid out before
them, many clearly injured. A few quite possibly dead, or at least badly damaged. Before them was
Kiryu fighting off the last of the Mountain Dogs that had tried to attack him.
He had been slashed a few times by knives and was clearly bleeding. Nonetheless, he was still
going strong and there were only four left. Three were trying their best to restrict his movement,
while a fourth was trying to aim a tranquilizer at him. “Hold him still!” The man yelled.
“I am! Shoot, dammit!,” one of the other Dogs shouted.
“Get the hell off of me!” Kiryu roared grasping two of the men, and slamming their heads together
hard enough to knock them both out. He then grabbed the third before he could even react to his
fallen comrades, and slammed him against a nearby tree hard enough to make the man cough up
blood.
He was about to rush the man holding the tranquilizer, but it was too late. Perhaps if Kiryu was still
in the yakuza and still fighting regularly, he could’ve avoided this outcome. What he had
accomplished in beating the not 20, not 30, but 35 armed men Takano had sent after him was
incredible. He was an insanely strong fighter, but even the best of blades can become ever so
slightly dull, if not taken care of regularly.
He was too slow, and the tranq hit him right in the shoulder. “Dammit!” He shouted loudly in pain.
Before the last Dog could shoot another, he received a punch in the face nearly strong enough to
cave in his skull. He was sent flying towards a tree and then slumped down to the ground joining
his allies.

Kiryu pulled out the tranq and desperately tried to catch his breath. Fuck, this isn’t good. Vision…
begging to become blurry.
He looked to his right and saw to his confusion, four of his students. Damn, I must be hallucinating
again because why the hell are… they … here?
Kiryu collapsed to the ground.
“Kiryu!” Rena yelled rushing to him. The other three followed shortly.
Mion checked for a pulse and nodded to the others. “He’s alive and ok for now, but definitely in
bad condition. We need to get him to the hospital, or maybe it would be better to bring him to my
house.
“... No, take him to my and Satoko’s house,” Rika spoke up. The other three looked at her,
perplexed. “I have a cure for the Syndrome there. If he wakes up and isn’t cured, he’s definitely
going to go critical at this point.”
The three exchanged glances and then faced Rika nodding their heads. Though, before leaving Rika
quickly grabbed one of the Dog’s knives just in case there were any others trying to track down
Kiryu. Not that that was a worry considering the rest were getting ready for Takano’s plan.
~~~~
It wasn’t an easy task to carry a nearly 200-pound man made mostly of muscle for four kids, but
working together they eventually made it to Satoko and Rika’s house. They traveled through the
forest trying to avoid any police, since the last thing they needed was being questioned about
carrying a body on Watanagashi night.
Rika opened the door, and the other three carried him inside and sat him down on a nearby chair.
The four kids then sat down exhausted from their rescue mission. “We… we did it, woo.” Mion
gave a half-hearted fist bump into the air, not having enough energy to do an actual one.
“Good job, guys. We’re unstoppable… when we work together,” Keiichi said, still trying to recover
his breath.
“Rika, who were those men attacking Kiryu?” Rena asked.
Rika had gone to fetch a syringe with a mysterious liquid inside it. “I’ll explain later, we need to
inject this into Kiryu before he wakes up.”
Keiichi looked at Rika, puzzled. “Won’t he be out for a few more hours because of that
tranquilizer?”
‘I doubt it. You just saw what he did. He’s nearly superhuman. He’ll probably wake up pretty soon
now.”
Mion nodded in agreement. “If the rumors are to be believed, that’s not even half of what he’s
capable of.”
Rika injected Kiryu with the medicine. It was another vial of C117 she had grabbed from the Irie
Clinic secretly in the morning. “This should calm him down for a while.”

“What’s going on?” The four turned to see Satoko, who had come down the stairs. She had almost
entirely recovered from her episode and was capable enough to walk. “What are you all doing here,
and… is that Kiryu?!”
Rika decided it was best she explained concisely to bring Satoko up to speed. “Kiryu has the
syndrome, and he was attacked by some men. I injected him with some C117, but he still is
bleeding and needs medical help.”
Satoko was beyond befuddled. “W-w-what?!”
Rena continued off of what Rika said. “Do you guys have any bandages or something we can wrap
his wounds in? He’s not bled a lot, but we need to patch him up.”
Satoko remained stunned but tried her best to collect herself. “W-we should. Let me go look.”
Satoko went back upstairs to check.
Rika then began to walk towards the door. “O-oy Rika?! Where are you going?!” Keiichi
demanded to know.
Rika turned to face her friends. “I need to go to the Irie Clinic and get more of the medicine. Satoko
already used up the rest we had the last few days. Once Kiryu wakes up, please explain the
situation to him and about the syndrome. He might freak out a little bit once he wakes up, but he
shouldn’t act violently or anything. I’ll be back as soon as possible.”
After that, Rika rushed out the door as fast as her exhausted muscles would let her. Hanyuu was
right beside her. “Do you think Kiryu is going to be ok?”
“I don’t know. I just know Takano is already setting her plan into motion, and I need to make sure
Kiryu stays sane or else.”
The festival was over by now, and people were heading home. The town of Himamizawa was
settling down, but one girl under the moon’s glow was crossing it as fast as she could. “Hanyuu,”
she said quickly.
“Yes?”
“Stay with my friends just in case Kiryu wakes up before I get back. Update me if anything
happens.”
“Got it.”
The two separated, and now Rika was by her lonesome. Please, don’t let Takano be there.
~~~~
Takano was unfortunately right at the clinic. As many past loops before she was getting ready to
give Jirou some H170. A lethal injection that was basically the opposite of C117 heavily
accelerating the syndrome into critical condition.
She was searching the cupboards for it, but eventually realized it was missing. She had disguised it
as C117 and kept it in a place even Irie didn’t know about. She frowned to herself and was entirely
perplexed. I know I put it right here. Where the hell is it? Did Irie take it or… did someone else?

~~~~
~~~~
~~~~
Kiryu opened his eyes. Ugh, what the hell happened? I was fighting and then got hit by a tranq and
then… the rest is blurry.
He looked around his surroundings. Where am I? Is this a house in Hinamizawa or…
The first thing he noticed was that the room was a mess. There was red liquid staining the walls, the
furniture, the windows, most everywhere within the room he was in.
… Blood?
He next noticed something else. There were three figures lying around him motionless. He
recognized them as Keiichi, Mion, and Rena.
Huh… what are they doing on the floor?
A closer examination revealed they were quite mangled. Keiichi was not entirely within the room.
Rather his head had crashed through the wall leaving a massive hole there, and the rest of his body
was hanging out of it. A puddle of blood and possibly brains was oozing from his corpse. Mion was
not much better off. Her leg was bent at an unnatural angle, and her face was beyond caved in and
unrecognizable. It looked like it had been stomped repeatedly.
Rena was perhaps the worst off. She appeared to have bruises all over her body, and her clothes
were torn. Bruised was maybe not the best word to describe her body, perhaps shattered and broken
would be a more fitting description. Kiryu could see the look on her face, and it was one of
desperation and grief.

Oh… that’s not right. What am I holding?

Kiryu then looked down at what was in his hands. He was holding tightly onto Satoko’s neck. He
had completely and utterly crushed the girl’s throat. Her dead eyes stared back at him with tear
stains still present on her cheeks.

Ah, it’s Satoko.

…

…

…

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
Kiryu flung the corpse away from him against the wall. He fell backward on his butt into the blood
pool on the floor, and scurried away as far as he could from the carnage surrounding him. His back
reached a wall and he gasped for air nearly hyperventilating.
“What the fuck?! What the fuck?! What the fuck?!!!!”
His incoherent wailings were left unanswered by the massacre before him.
Who the fuck did this?! What happened?! Why did this“You did this.”
Kiryu stopped moving. He stopped breathing. He might as well have stopped existing. A voice
belonging to no one but him answered his questions. At that moment which felt like an eternity, he
realized what he had done.
He looked at his hands. They looked back at him covered in blood. The blood of his students he
cherished so much.
He didn’t need to go over in his head what had happened. He knew in his very being. He had
woken up, the syndrome had gone critical, and he hallucinated that his students were more men
trying to kill him. He now woke up to the reality, and saw the inescapable, undeniable, cold, harsh,
unforgiving, real consequences of his actions.
“What… have I done?”
In the hundreds of loops that Rika had gone through, shortly before the inevitable death of the
many victims of the syndrome, they would realize what they had done. Kiryu was not immune to
this. How could he be? For it was now an indisputable fact that had murdered a child. He had
murdered four children, ones he cared about deeply. He had not only brutally killed them but he
had killed a part of himself. A part he would never truly recover.
And to this fact, Kiryu completely and utterly broke down. Kiryu rarely ever cried. He was an
incredibly stoic and tough man, often holding in his emotions until they blew up. In this case, they
had gone nuclear.
He sobbed uncontrollably, but no one answered him back. No one could. His only company was a
Hanyuu sobbing along with him, just as broken as Kiryu was.
~~~~
It started to rain as Rika ran. She was nearly to the Clinic when Hanyuu contacted her. “Rika! Rika!
You have to come back! It’s… Kiryu *sob* he… “

The rest didn’t reach Rika’s ears. She knew what had happened. Her knees buckled, and she
collapsed to the ground. No thoughts went through her head. She didn’t even make a noise, and just
stared blankly at the ground. She just slowly got up, turned around back towards her house, gave
everything her body could give, and ran back as fast as she could.
After about ten minutes of running, she stopped right in front of her house. It was then an atrocious
smell reached her nose. She didn’t need to see what was inside to know it was the smell of death.
She entered her house. There, she saw the crime scene with nothing but a sobbing Hanyuu there.
A calm, perhaps too calm look was in her eyes. Rika had nearly lost her sanity multiple times in her
loops and had even fallen ill to the syndrome a handful of times. However, for the first time,
something truly snapped within her. She began shaking when she saw Satoko’s corpse against the
wall.
“Where’s Kiryu?” She demanded in an emotionless, monotone voice.
“R-Rika?” Hanyuu instantly recognized the change within Rika. One she was utterly terrified to
confront.
“Where… is… Kiryu?” She asked again in an unnaturally deep voice even for her.
“... He left a few minutes ago.”
Rika didn’t respond. She went over to Mion’s corpse and grabbed the loaded gun that Mion always
carried on her.
“W-what are you doing, Rika?!”
She didn’t look back at Hanyuu. “Isn’t it obvious, Hanyuu? I’m going to slay the dragon.”
~~~~
It was nearing midnight. At this point, everyone in Hinamizawa was home. Even the police had
wrapped things up and had headed out. Mostly because they had received a call about a fire nearby.
There was just one lone man walking the streets of Hinamizawa. It was Kiryu Kazuma, though one
could hardly recognize him as such. He walked like a zombie slowly down the path and looked like
one too completely covered in blood.
Have… to get back home. This … was all just a bad dream. Just need to get back to Nishiki and
Dad. This… never happened. I just need to keep moving and go home. All just a horrible
nightmare…
Kiryu was full-on delusional. In a last-ditch attempt to survive, Kiryu’s brain had shut off
everything except for one thing. Get home no matter what. The rain had grown in intensity and
pelted him harder and harder. He barely even noticed it though, and continued to walk onwards.
That was until he heard a gunshot from behind him.
Kiryu wasn’t so far gone that he couldn’t recognize more danger to him. He whirled around only to
be greeted with the worst possible sight. There was Rika Furude in her shrine maiden clothes. She
was holding a gun and had fired into the air. A dark blue aura surrounded her for what seemed to be
miles. However, that wasn’t the most striking thing about her. It was the glowing, crimson eyes
staring into his very soul. A pair of eyes that didn’t at all belong on the Rika he knew.

He stared at her unsure as to what to do. He could only stare back at the incredibly intimidating
figure in front of him.
“R-Rika?”
“Why?” She whispered to herself.
“I-is that you, Rika?” Kiryu asked once again.
“Why?!” She shrieked as loud as she could. The impact of her words was enough to completely
freeze Kiryu. She aimed the gun at Kiryu. She was in hysterics shaking, tears running down her
face, and completely distraught with grief.
“Why did you kill them?!”
Rika fired a shot and it hit Kiryu in his left leg. “Gah!” He cried out in pain and fell to one knee.
“You should never have come here! You shouldn’t even exist here!”
She fired another bullet and it hit Kiryu in his right shoulder. “Agh!” The pain was extraordinary.
Combined with his previous wounds, his body gave out and he fell backward into the mud. He
desperately tried to lift himself up only to see the crimson-eyed demon standing before him. She
easily got on top of him, grasping a knife firmly.
“You’ve taken everything from me!! I was going to win and live with my friends! I was going
to finally be happy after a century, and then you ruined everything!!!”
She stabbed Kiryu in the gut. The cold metal burned horrifically.
“You took Keiichi from me! You took Mion and Rena! You took all my friends from me.
You… took Satoko from me!! Give her back!!!!!!”
She roared, cried, bellowed, and howled but Kiryu could do nothing. She stabbed him again in the
gut, twisting the knife, and letting the blood flow out of the open wound. And yet as she looked at
Kiryu, his face wasn’t in pain, or sorrow, or even anger. It was one of acceptance.
“I… see.” Kiryu struggled to talk, as blood began to enter his lungs. “This… is what I deserve.”
In truth, even if Rika was not there, Kiryu would have succumbed to death soon enough. Either the
overwhelming guilt would have caused him to commit suicide, or the syndrome would finally make
him claw out his throat. In the end though, he had an executioner. An avenger that would assuredly
deliver justice upon him. A demon that would consume him and put him out of his own misery. As
he was approaching death, this fact was the one thing that comforted him.
These words did nothing though, but put Rika in a screaming frenzy. She repeatedly stabbed him
relentlessly. She had gone completely berserk, and nothing could stop her. Hanyuu could only stare
in horror unable to stop her descendant, no her beloved daughter from becoming a monster. She
whimpered, begging Rika to stop, but her words did not reach her.
Moments away from dying, his whole life flashed before Kiryu’s eyes. So this… is death. Dad, I’m
sorry I wasn’t a better son. Nishiki, I’m sorry for not listening to you and being a terrible brother.
Kids, I’m sorry for being such a horrible teacher. I’m sorry for letting you down, and I’m sorry that
I let myself become a demon. And to God, if you are out there. I promise. If I have another chance

I’ll never doubt these kids again. I’ll trust them. I’ll believe in them, and I’ll never let anything
happen to them again. If only… I could have another chance. I’m sorry… for ever being born.
Rika kept stabbing the now-dead body. She was covered in blood, and it was only after she missed
and struck the ground did the knife finally fall out of her grasp. The rain continued pouring, and
now she was truly and utterly alone. Once again, she had failed to change her future. She had failed
to save her friends, and now this loop would come to a close.
“Hanyuu, you can say something,” she said softly. “I know what I’ve done. I know I completely
and utterly lost it. I know… I became a demon.”
Hanyuu was emotionally drained. Only one sentence could come to her mind. One she had said
many times before. “Let’s… just go to the next fragment, Rika.”
Rika didn’t respond, she only stared back at Hanyuu and nodded her head. With the gun in hand,
she held it up to her head. She took a deep breath in and out and pulled the trigger. One final shot
rang out in the night. Rika Furude was now dead on the street. The remains of her brains mixed
with the mud.
~~~~
~~~~
~~~~
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!” Kiryu woke up in his bed. He was in a cold seat, He looked around
the room, and finally recognized where he was. He took multiple deep breaths before becoming
something resembling “calm”.
… Was all that just a dream?
Kiryu looked at his calendar on his bedside stand and couldn’t believe his eyes. It was the week
before Watanagashi. Tuesday to be specific. Not only had Rika traveled back in time into a new
fragment, … but so had Kiryu Kazuma.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DRAGON SLAYING ARC: END

DEMON’S TEARS ARC: BEGIN
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

And that ladies and gentlemen is the end of the Dragon Slaying Arc. Thank you to everyone
that had read this far. I hope you enjoyed it. Please know this is only the first arc after all. I
have roughly five planned in total, and so as of now, we're about 20% through the story. Might
take a long freaking time, but I will eventually get this story done. Also yes, the crimson eyes
are a reference to the "looper eyes" in GouSotsu. I'm not a fan of GS personally, but I liked the
idea of incorporating the eyes at some point in the story.
As for the next arc, I'm going to take some time to play some Higu console arcs I never got
around to help make sure I write a certain character well. Might be a while before I begin the
2nd arc, orrrr I might just start it anyways and not worry too much about it. Idk, we'll see.
If you've come this far, please comment down below your favorite part of this arc. Or heck,
even the least favorite. I could always use constructive criticism, and improve as a writer. And
based off the name of the next arc, try to guess what or who it might be about . Until next
time...

😉

Chapter 18: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 1: An Emotional Start
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It had taken a few minutes, but KIryu’s heart rate was beginning to calm down. As his mind began
to grasp the situation he was in, he looked down at his chest. His undershirt stared back at him,
stained from dinner the night before. No stab wounds were present, nor was there any pain. And
yet, it felt all too real in his head. The scorching pain, the cold metal of the knife that made his
organs burn, and above all else the screeching of that girl that delivered him divine punishment.
“... What the actual fuck is going on?” He whispered to himself.
He glanced at his calendar again, and sure enough, it was still Tuesday. And Watangashi was
coming up this Sunday. The clock read 9:00 a.m. He pinched himself not once, not twice, but three
times just to make sure he was awake. He then sat still letting the reality of it all sink in.
His brain was still sluggish, but it was finally kicking in. Thoughts began to form, ones relating to
what had happened at the end of the previous loop. The realization a worst-case scenario could be
present hit him, and it was finally the thing that made him jump out of bed instantly.
THE KIDS!!!!
~~~~
Kiryu wasn’t even fully dressed. He hadn’t showered, had only thrown on a T-shirt and some
shorts, and his hair was an unkempt mess. It was quite the sight for the residents of Hinamizawa
wondering if perhaps Kiryu was uncharacteristically late.
He was late, but he didn’t care. He ran with only one goal in mind. He needed to know the kids
were ok. He still wasn’t entirely sure what was going on, but he needed to confirm their status
before anything else.
It wasn’t long before he finally reached the school. He grabbed and opened the door so hard, one
would think it was about to be ripped off its hinges. He bolted towards the classroom and finally
came to a stop.
He was about to open the door but hesitated. He feared what would be on the other side. That
perhaps this dream and maybe even his life itself would end, if he looked inside. He had to face
reality eventually though, and he came here for a reason. He took a deep breath and opened it
quickly.
…
And to his surprise, he was met with a heavy eraser to the head. He flinched and looked down at
the dust-filled weapon that had struck him. He looked up to see the classroom with everyone in it.
Everyone including Mion, Keiichi, Rena, and a laughing Satoko pointing at him. “Ohoho, I finally
got you, Kiryu!”

The other kids laughed, and Chie was surprised at Kiryu’s rough appearance. He didn’t care about
any of that, though. All he could do was let out a breath and collapse to his knees. The tension
instantly spiked, and Mion and Chie were the first to rush to him. “Kiryu, are you ok?!” Chie yelled
out.
At this point, the rest of the kids had gathered around. Kiryu looked up and saw the faces of his
precious students. Four of which he had killed with his own hands. The images of their mangled
and blood-stained corpses flooded his mind. And yet here they were alive as if nothing had ever
happened.
And yet he knew it had happened. He knew what he had done. Even if God himself existed, and
had miraculously given him another chance like he so selfishly begged in his last moments, it
hadn’t changed what he had done. Immense guilt and sorrow filled him. All he could do was look
at the ground and softly whisper, “I’m sorry.”
“What’s wrong, Kiryu? You’ve done nothing to apologize for,” Chie said to try and calm him
down.
The rest of the students chimed in with similar phrases. How could they know what had happened?
It was as if his actions never existed. Kiryu knew his crimes, and he was the only one that did. Even
if the people before him hadn’t been harmed by him, all he could do was apologize continuously as
his eyes teared up. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry…”
There was only one student that hadn’t gotten up. A young girl with blue hair in the back of the
classroom. A girl that was experiencing a whirlpool of emotions.
~~~~
Earlier that morning:
A new fragment, another Rika possessed as a vessel for the hundred-year-old witch. She awoke in
her new body, as she had numerous times before. She quickly sat up and observed her
surroundings. It was 6 a.m., and Satoko was sleeping right next to her. She was smiling and seemed
to be having a nice dream. The memory of her corpse from the last fragment was fresh in her
mind.
Only one more thing was needed to fulfill the usual process of entering a new world. “Hanyuu,
what day is it?”
A solemn goddess floated next to her. “Tuesday… “
Rika clicked her tongue in annoyance. Rika stayed silent, got up from her bed, and began to start
getting ready to cook some breakfast. “R-Rika, do you have a plan?” Hanyuu cautiously asked.
“… No, Hanyuu. Not at the moment. Can you confirm if anything major has changed?”
“Not that I can tell.”
“I suppose we’ll find out shortly. Can you tell where Kiryu is?”
Hanyuu paused for a moment and tried to search for something, anything. “I don’t sense him, but I
also don’t sense Takano around, either.”

Rika paused. “Then let’s assume this timeline is the same as the last one, at least until proven
otherwise. Presumably, Takano is in Kamurocho, Kiryu’s location is unknown, and from the
memories of this Rika, I know Kiryu is already in the club and is relatively friendly with us.
Though, if he is here according to my memories, why can’t you sense him?” She asked side-eying
Hanyuu.
She looked like a dear in headlights unable to answer. “I-I don’t know! Au, au, au!”
She squeaked in frustration, and Rika could only sigh. “We’ll see him soon enough, either way. He
should be there at school first thing as usual.”
“Should I see if he’s at his house?” Hanyuu inquired.
Rika nodded her head. “I’ll wake up Satoko, and start getting ready for school.”
Hanyuu nodded back, and she disappeared from Rika’s view. Rika returned her attention to making
breakfast, but her eyes looked near glazed over. Whatever we do, we have to get Kiryu’s help this
time.
~~~~
Now in the present time, Rika looked at the disaster of a man before her. The man she had turned
into a demon against and had robbed the life of was there again before her. The man that for all she
knew was responsible for changing the flow of time and denying her a happy ending. And yet,
before her, a miracle was also happening. Keiichi was one thing, but this man that had appeared out
of nowhere had remembered the previous timeline. And here he was begging, sobbing for
forgiveness for the sins he had committed.
Who or what are you, Kiryu?
After all the tragedy and misunderstandings and horrific ending of the last timeline, here before her
was the opportunity of a lifetime. Someone she could explain the truth to, perhaps someone who
was experiencing the same thing she had for the last century. She recalled what she said to Keiichi
when he remembered, and considered her words carefully.
Getting up from the desk, she walked towards him. The scene was just like Keiichi’s. Both realized
their follies, begging for forgiveness for sins no one could know. She was the only one that could
solve this dilemma, and thus she began acting the role she was given.
“Do you remember, KIryu?” She asked the trainwreck on his knees.
As distraught as Kiryu was, he instantly froze at the familiar voice. He looked up and there was his
executioner. He did not see the red-eyed demon as before, but rather how the girl was that night she
chased him. Her deep, amethyst eyes stared down at him with a myriad of emotions. The one that
seemed to stand out the most though, was one of pity.
“Do you remember?” She asked once again.
Kiryu was entirely absorbed by her presence, and it was only after hearing her ask twice that he
could focus enough to answer back. “Yes.”

Rika didn’t immediately respond back but rather nodded as if confirming her suspicions. She then
wore a childish smile and completely changed like flipping a switch. She reached out and patted
Kiryu on his head. “There’s nothing to worry about. It was just a bad dream. You did nothing
wrong, nipah!”
Kiryu held still. He couldn’t imagine the look on his face, most likely it was one of bewilderment
and maybe slight embarrassment. He knew instinctually she was faking her act, but his heart almost
stopped with what she said next. “Meet me behind the school at lunch,” she said in a disturbingly
calm whisper.
She had retained the faux innocent mask the whole time, and Kiryu looked at her with uncertain
eyes. He wasn’t sure if he could trust Rika, but he dared not refuse her after all that had happened.
Tension decreased, and Keiichi would break the silence. “So Teach, just had a bad nightmare?”
“Gosh, it must have been horrific to have rattled him this much. Are you ok now, Kiryu? Are you?"
Rena asked earnestly.
“... Yes, I’m ok. I apologize for my appearance and the sudden outburst. I know this must look
ridiculous to you all.”
“N-no, it’s fine. Things happen, don’t worry about it,” Chie said, trying to cheer Kiryu up.
“I’m sorry,” apologized Satoko. “There was some bad timing on that eraser.”
For the first time within the last few days, Kiryu was able to genuinely smile. Satoko being alive
and well was enough to make him happy. “I’m fine, Satoko. Didn’t hurt a bit. Seems I’ll have to get
you back now, though.”
Satoko’s face lit up. “Try your best. In the end, you’ll never get me.”
Despite the odd circumstances of that morning, the classroom was now back to its normal, happy
self. At the least, it would be that way till lunch rolled around.
~~~~
It was nearly noon. Kiryu apologized for his unbecoming looks and said he would go back home
and return shortly. After a proper shower and being accompanied by his usual red and gray combo,
he began his journey back to school. The number of questions he had now made the previous
amount look tame in comparison. He could only hope Rika could answer them all.
… I can’t even begin to understand what’s going on. I don’t even know if that Rika girl is human, or
if she’ll try to attack me again. Either way, she’s the only path forward I have now.
As he neared the school, he could hear the bell ring signaling lunch break. Students were gathering
together, trading food, and talking about their day. Rika made up an excuse that she forgot
something at home, and would be back shortly. In reality, she was waiting on Kiryu behind the
school.
A concerned Hanyuu floated next to her descendant. “Do you think it’s a good idea to be so direct
with him, Rika?”
“... What other options do we have?”

Hanyuu couldn’t find an answer, so she said nothing. After a few moments, Rika would speak up.
“Hanyuu, is it possible for other people to time travel in the Sea of Fragments?”
“Despite how long I’ve lived, the Sea of Fragments is still a mysterious place to me. I have control
over it to a degree, but I’ve never met another being there besides you…”
Her voice drifted off, and Rika waited for her to continue. “However, it’s not impossible that I’m
the only deity. There are numerous planes of reality and dimensions even I’ve not ascended to.
There could be someone or something helping Kiryu with its powers that is in a higher realm.”
Rika shuddered at the thought of this all-powerful entity making even Hanyuu’s powers seem
tame.
“However,” Hanyuu said, interrupting Rika’s thoughts. “We’ve seen how Takano’s willpower can
affect the very flow of time in each fragment. She may not be able to time travel like us and she
certainly rejects any help from deities, but her will is strong enough to effect the fragments even so.
It perhaps is the same way with Kiryu.”
Rike remained silent. At this point, she was just worried KIryu wouldn’t show up. As if on cue, the
dragon turned the corner and suddenly there the two were. Mentally prepared for whatever happens
next, but unsure of how to begin.
Kiryu had all his wits about him and was ready to enter a fighting stance if need be. Though he
wasn’t entirely sure if he could fight whatever it was that was in front of him. Perhaps she was a
little girl or something not of this world.
Rika in comparison was empty-handed, and was powerless to stop Kiryu, if he really wanted to do
something to her, he certainly could. She was betting it all on this meeting, as perhaps the only
way not just her, but maybe them both can find a way out of this.
Kiryu would be the first to speak up. “Who the hell are you, and what is going on?”
Rika let herself relax, and for once she got to be her true self in front of someone else. “My name is
Rika Furude,” she said in her natural, deep voice, unlike her age. “You know me, you… just don’t
know the true me. However, I believe we’ve found ourselves in the same spot.”
Kiryu kept silent and listened, even though her voice still threw him off. Rika would continue
saying, “It might be hard to believe, but I think you’ve seen it yourself. I’ve been stuck in a time
loop for over a century, and I think you’ve somehow gotten involved in it.”
Kiryu was utterly speechless. What could he even say in response? Rika had just said something
completely absurd, and yet it made sense. The fact he was now alive again and so were the kids,
her almost unnatural maturity for her age, the unique presence he felt from her, everything about
the mysterious girl clicked into place.
And yet that also confirmed something horrific. That nightmare actually happened, the actions he
committed, it was all real. So heart-achingly real.
The horror was blatant on Kiryu’s face. He stared at his murderer, the one he had accepted death
from. The one he felt above all else deserved to take revenge on him for what he had done, and yet
now he was alive again—caught up in a mess far beyond even his capabilities.

Rika wasn’t sure how to respond. She was able to find the right words to help Keiichi when he
remembered, but this time was different. She had completely lost herself and had become a
murderer. It wasn’t the syndrome, it was just her having finally broken. And now her victim was
right there alive again confronting her.
She was a good girl, and he was a good man. Both were lost in a maze of spacetime, both
interconnected regardless of their consent and now the only ones that could help each other. She
took a deep breath and began to speak. “I… don’t think I can find any right set of words to you.
What happened back then… I won’t make any excuses. I did something horrible to you, and… all I
can ask is please forgive me.”
The girl fell to her knees and bowed. Kiryu stared at her more confused than anything. What is
she… she’s apologizing to me?
Rika continued, “I don’t know if you can even fully understand what I’m saying or have been
through, but I need your help, Kiryu. I’ll help you however I can in return, I’ll give you anything I
can. I’ll do whatever you need me to do, just… please help me!”
She began to break down and the tears came pouring out. In reality, it had only been a handful of
hours between the end of the last world and now. She was still reeling from all of her emotions and
had been barely keeping it together internally. Now faced with no other option, she could only beg
the man in front of her despite everything.
“I’ve been killed so many times, I’ve tried for so long to escape this Hell. I just… *sob* please,
save me!”
She cried out for help and continued to weep. Kiryu looked at her with a mix of befuddlement and
confusion. She was right. He couldn’t fully grasp what the girl had gone through. However, he
didn’t need to. He could see that in front of him was a lonely girl begging for help. One that needed
him despite everything. And yet, he still found himself hesitating.
“You’d… want me to help you even after-”
“It’s not your fault!!” She yelled out not letting Kiryu finish. “You didn’t do anything wrong! It’s
that damn syndrome that controls you! You had a sickness that caused you to not be yourself, and
become violent. So… so many of my friends have fallen to it across numerous timelines. I’ve seen
them suffer and kill each other so many times that when you fell to it and did it I … I just lost it!”
Rika was in complete hysterics, but something finally clicked in Kiryu’s head. The speech Rika
was giving the night she confronted him. He remembered every word she said, and everything he
had experienced. All his fears, distrust, his hallucinations, and delusions, they all were explained.
And yet, even so, the guilt would not go away. He despised and blamed himself for succumbing to
such a disease. Even if it wasn’t entirely his fault, he still committed those horrid sins. He was still
the one that took their lives. He swore to never take a life outside of self-defense. Nishiki saved
him from that fate, and he spat in his face.
There was only one thing he could do. While he may not be able to be forgiven for those actions, he
knew he had to still atone. And the only way he could would be to help the girl in front of him.
There were still the unsolved murders of those two yakuza, the threat of war between the Tojo and
the Sonozakis, on top of those mysterious men who seemed to be related to Takano.

It was an incomprehensible amount. Way more than any one man could do, with the one exception
being Kiryu and he knew it. He promised he would protect these kids, that he would protect this
town, and that he would stop the madness of Watangashi. He couldn’t live with himself if he didn’t,
so he asked the mess of a girl in front of him a simple question.
“Will you let me help you?”
The girl stopped sobbing and looked up at Kiryu. Her tear-stained eyes gained an ever-slight
glimmer of hope.
“I’ve committed something unforgivable. I’ve killed those you love, and even if they’re alive now
their deaths still happened. I may not fully understand your situation, but I know you’re in trouble.
If you will allow me to help you, your friends, and potentially save them all and this town itself. I
promise… “
He got down on one knee and was near eye level with Rika. “I promise I’ll do everything in my
power. All I need in return from you is whatever info you may have if you’re willing to share it.”
He held out his hand. The girl couldn’t believe her eyes. After a century of Hell and torture, she had
found the most unlikely of allies. She was sure under the right conditions, her friends would be
more than willing to help her. Even then though, this man was worth an entire army. She had seen
his power, she knew of his legends, she knew he was almost superhuman. In the blink of an eye, the
dice had been rolled and had given her the most desirable outcome she could ask for as of right
now.
She grasped his hand, and he helped her up. “You’re… willing to help me even after what I did to
you?” She asked weakly.
Kiryu paused. He was surprised on some level to finally realize the girl regretted her actions. In his
eyes, he thoroughly deserved it. However, he also understood that no girl her age should ever be
driven to something like that. If easing her guilt was involved in helping her, so be it.
“Please forgive yourself. I’m alive in this world.”
“Maybe, but… I didn’t have the syndrome. I chose to kill you, and now your friends and family in
that timeline are… “
She couldn’t bear to finish. She stared at the ground, and Kiryu chose his next words carefully. “We
can’t change the past, Rika. We can only move forward.”
She looked up at him with puffy eyes. “I’ve seen people I hold dear die in my arms. I was unable to
save them, I was unable to help them. If I could redo it of course I would, but I can’t. I don’t know
how I got involved in literal time travel and of course you and everyone’s lives like this, but I’ve
been miraculously given that chance here somehow. Even if I don’t remotely deserve it, I’ve been
given a second chance to save this place. You want to protect your friends, right?”
“... Yes,” Rika answered resolutely.
“It’s the same for me. I came here because I didn’t want war to break out, and I wanted to protect
my family. If we work together, I know we can save those dear to both of us. But I need your help,
so I’ll once again ask you. Will you let me help you?”

“Yes!” She didn’t even need to think about it. Maybe it was fate she met this man, but she needed
him and he needed her.
Unexpectedly, Kiryu then knelt again and embraced the girl. “Even if I don’t understand
everything, I can get this. You’ve been through Hell itself, and I’m so sorry I could not have been
there for you earlier. If we both have suffered from being unable to save others… then I promise
we’ll break that cycle. No matter what.”
Just as soon as she had stopped, water began to form in her eyes again. She rested her head on
Kiryu’s shoulder as her tears stained his suit.
While having been entirely absent from the conversation, Hanyuu had watched the whole thing
with a neutral expression. Now she had a bittersweet smile on her face. She couldn’t speak or
interact with the man, but she was the happiest she had been in a long time. Thank you, Kiryu.
Thank you for fighting for my daughter’s happiness. I promise I’ll help you as much as I can. I
swear it.

Chapter End Notes

It's tricky to write a heavy-handed and emotional scene like this, but now was the best time I
felt considering everything leading up to this. I hope you enjoy what this future duo will get
up to in the future, since this is only the beginning.

Chapter 19: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 2: Mad Dash
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After some time and her being embraced by Kiryu, Rika calmed down and assessed the situation.
The best way for Kiryu to help her would be for him to know everything. However, being so caught
up in her emotions, she realized she might have already made a fatal blunder. The Mountain Dogs
had eyes and ears everywhere, and she couldn’t just blabber off their secrets. As far as she knew
they didn’t tend to survey this spot behind the school, but if they had seen that scene between her
and Kiryu…
“Hanyuu, do you sense anyone around?” She asked telepathically.
Hanyuu took a moment to search around and shook her head no. Rika nodded and then whispered
to Kiryu, “There’s no one watching us right now, but there could be if we don’t leave soon. I’ll
explain everything when I can.
Kiryu’s eyes lit up, but he stayed calm. He let go, and asked, “Then where or when would be the
best way?”
“... Come to my house tonight, and pretend you’re picking up a book you lent to help me study. I
have one in the house I’ll hide a letter with everything explained in it, and you can read it when you
get home.”
Kiryu nodded, and the two promptly returned to school as the bell rang.
~~~~
School had ended, and Mion’s club was about to start. Traveling through time was a first for Kiryu,
so he was still getting used to possessing this world’s Kiryu and having similar memories, but not
precisely his. The most significant changes he could determine is that he had managed to get into
the club a little earlier this time than in the last world, and Shion was seemingly enrolled at the
school this time. However, she seemed to skip class here and there. He also hadn’t met or talked to
Ooishi yet.
All that said, he now was being faced with perhaps his greatest challenge yet. One that would take
every fiber of his being. A task so daunting, that not even he was sure he could complete it. It was,
of course, avoiding the penalty of Mion’s latest club game. Somehow. he had to avoid being tagged
by the five misfit kids before him for 30 minutes.
He sighed and looked at the eager kids. The scene resembled a pack of wolves preparing to hunt an
innocent deer. How do I get myself into these situations? When Mion suggested something like tag,
I should have assumed something was up. It’s been a long time since I last played it, but I don’t
recall “5 vs. 1” being something right at the start.
“Alright Mion, so let me get this straight. I have to evade ALL of you for 30 minutes, and I win.
But if I get tagged once, I’m out?”

“Yep!” She confirmed eagerly. “Obviously, you can’t go out of HInamizawa, and while you can use
the back roads you can’t go into any of the forest areas. Also, you can’t hide or stay in one place.”
“And you can use the forest and hide, I presume?”
Mion smirked. “Well sure, we need every advantage we can get. You’re our P.E. coach, you should
be able to run circles around us. Five kids should be nothing for you.”
Kiryu was unamused. Oh sure, the five kids in this town that could probably take on a whole army,
if they wanted to. Maybe Rika will at least take it easy on me?
He shifted his gaze to Rika. She only gave her usual smile back. Knowing who the girl really was,
her act still unnerved him somewhat. Nah, if anything she’s the wild card. She cut me off when I
was fleeing for my life. How the hell would I escape her here? That isn’t including maybe some of
Satoko’s traps and whatever the other kids are planning.
He smiled to himself. Then again, it’s not like I plan to just lose. Mion’s right, I should have no
trouble as long as I’m alert and careful.
“Do I at least get a head start?”
“Sure! We’ll give you a … how about 30-second head-start?”
“Oh, aren’t you confident? I expected a five-second one or none at all.”
“Oh no, it’s only fair to you, Kiryu. I mean, you need something for it to be remotely fair. We’re all
but guaranteed to win,” Mion said, her eyes glimmering with confidence.
“... We’ll see,” Kiryu responded, equally as confident.
“Want to do the countdown, Rika?”
“Meep, sure.”
Kiryu turned around, the school behind him. Like a track star ready to run the 100-meter dash, he
was prepared to take off at a moment’s notice.
“3, 2, 1, Gooooo!” Rika shouted.
And he was off. Kiryu wasn’t a track star, but he was still a physically fit young adult. He looked
behind for a brief second, and the kids weren’t even there anymore. A few minutes had passed, and
he was in the center of Hinamizawa. While he had gotten a few confused looks from the locals, he
ignored it because it would become apparent soon enough it was the kids and their usual
shenanigans.
He slowed down to a walk and considered his options. Ok, it’s been about four minutes. I already
know they’re going to be cheating, so I can hide if I want. … Though, that would be lame, and I’d
hear no end of it. Unfortunately, my pride is on the line here if I can’t win with their criteria.
He then spotted something that could be useful in a nearby trashcan. It was a raggedy old stuffed
animal someone had thrown away. He picked it up and put it in his pocket.

It was a good thing to as out of the corner of his eye, he could see a young girl rapidly approaching.
"Mr. Kiryu!" Rena yelled. "I'm going to get you!"
Kiryu didn’t hesitate and bolted. I should have known they activated her Kyute Mode! She's so fast!
Between businesses and local shops, he ducked and weaved. Rena, to his disbelief, was catching
up. Rena wasn't the only one though, he was sure he had seen Keiichi a few times. They’re trying to
cut me off.
Six minutes had passed and now he could even see Rika had circled around and nearly cut him off
before he dived into an alley. So that's three now, where are the other two?
Kiryu had no time to think, though. He quickly looked back only to see the gap between him and
Rena was about six feet and closing rapidly.
“Rena! Think fast!” Kiryu threw the old doll behind him, and it flew past Rena. She instantly
hyper-fixated on it and lost all focus on Kiryu. It took her five seconds before she blushed and
realized what Kiryu had done.
“That’s not fair, Kiryu!” She yelled after him, but it was too late. Kiryu was long gone. He smirked.
Sorry Rena, but I knew you’d fall for that. Now as for the other two… no three.
In focusing on Rena, he had missed that Mion had now joined the chase. Mion to the left, Rika to
the right, and Keiichi behind, he was going to get cornered soon or led into one of Satoko’s traps.
Not to mention, Rena would be back soon enough.
Kiryu glanced at his watch. Only nine minutes, huh?
He was about to leave the town area and go into the back roads around the forest. I’ll have to lose
them there.
Kiryu picked up the speed and went as fast as he could. He blitzed through the trails, the only
sound keeping him company was his breathing, frantic footsteps, and the never-changing noise of
the Higurashi. A few minutes passed, and he couldn’t see the kids anywhere.
12 minutes in, if I can just keep up this pacHe was cut off as he accidentally ran right into a homemade trip wire, and a collection of buckets
on a string swung towards him.
“What the-!”
He barely dodged it, and in his panic, he triggered another and a bucket fell on his head. “Ack!”
Disoriented and his vision obscured, he could hear Satoko yell, “I got you!”
Everything around him seemed to stop. He instantly focused his senses. He could still hear, and he
could tell the direction a small pair of footsteps were coming from.
… Now!
Just as Satoko was about to tag him, he moved out of the way and put his leg out to trip her.

“Wha-?!” Satoko never saw it coming and took a tumble onto the sidewalk. Kiryu took the
opportunity to take the bucket off his head and checked to see if Satoko was injured at all. He
didn’t even need to ask, as Satoko was already back on her feet, about ready to give chase. She was
both impressed and frustrated. “How did you…?!”
Kiryu smiled. “Just good instincts.” And after that, he split. He was nearly halfway through the
allotted 30 minutes, but he was stuck on a one-way trail. He couldn’t enter the forest surrounding
him, and he could be cut off at any moment.
Sure enough, a minute later he saw Mion ahead of him maybe 20 feet away. She had her arms
crossed and had clearly been waiting for him. “Took you long enough, Kiryu.”
Kiryu came to a stop and observed his predator. “Can’t a guy jog in peace?”
“I’m afraid not. Do you even have time to stand around here?”
Kiryu stayed calm and observed his surroundings. There was no escape, … or at least that’s what it
looked like. “You’re right, I’d best get running. Unless you want to come get me first.”
He could hear footsteps approaching behind him, and Mion herself was getting ready to initiate the
pincer movement. “Sure, I’ll take you up on that offer.” Mion bolted towards Kiryu. “Kei, get
him!”
Kiryu didn’t have to look behind him. He started running towards Mion. 20 feet between them had
turned to ten. Mion assumed Kiryu would try to slip by her without being tagged, but she wouldn’t
let that happen. However, he did something completely unexpected. He jumped, grabbed onto a
sturdy branch, and used the movement to swing over Mion’s head.
She was so amazed, she didn’t see Keiichi about to crash into her. “Mion! Watch ou-” It was too
late. The two collided and fell backward.
“Mion, what were you doing?!” Keiichi yelled at her.
“I didn’t expect him to swing over me like Tarzan!” Mion responded. “Where is he now?” She
looked up, and Kiryu was long gone. She clicked her tongue in annoyance. “Go on ahead, Kei. I
have a plan. It’s a big risk, but I can see it working.”
Keiichi nodded and started running.
18 minutes had passed. Kiryu was out of the forest and was running through Hinamizawa once
again. Though, he was now back to square one. Rena and Rika had been waiting in town for him,
and Satoko had taken a shortcut through the forest to close the distance. Okay, not much time left,
but what can I do to stall?
He had more than enough stamina to keep going, but he feared getting caught in a dead-end.
Suddenly, an idea occurred to him. There is that one alleyway with a dumpster…
After a few close calls and switching directions suddenly at least four times, 22 minutes were
down. Except, Kiryu was now caught behind a wall and four determined kids blocking his path.
“We… got you now!” Keiichi said, trying to catch his breath. All four kids were pretty tired, with
Kiryu barely breaking a sweat.

“Oh, do you?” Kiryu replied. “Is it too late to strike a deal?”
“Deal? What deal?” Rena inquired.
“Meep, me thinks he’s trying to just stall for time,” Rika stated, much to Kiryu’s chagrin. Dammit
Rika, can you give me a break here?
Kiryu shrugged his shoulders. “Well, it was worth a shot.” To the disbelief of everyone, he jumped
onto the nearby dumpster and then jumped as high as he could. He grabbed onto the roof above and
pulled himself up.
“W-What?! Y-you can’t do that!” Satoko yelled, accusingly.
He looked down at the stunned kids and stifled a chuckle. “Never said anything about using the
roofs.” He winked at them and with a running start, he jumped to a nearby roof. This one was
shorter than the previous one, and he was able to jump off and safely land on a nearby pile of
empty boxes.
The risk had paid off. He was able to completely confuse the kids on what direction he was taking
for a few seconds and was now considerably far from them. 24 minutes, six left. Just enough time
to run to his final destination.
They can’t complain if that’s still a part of Hinamizawa.
~~~~
Only two minutes remained. In Hinamizawa, the few tourists that come will often be recommended
a certain spot. At the top of a hill, you can see the entirety of Hinamizawa. That was Kiryu’s
destination, and he had arrived. Overlooking the town in all its rural glory, he finally stopped and
caught his breath.
Okay, I can just rest here, and any minute I’ll win. Sorry kids, you did a great job but you underestiHe didn’t finish the thought. In briefly dropping his guard, he hadn’t noticed Mion had stayed
hidden and was now ready to tackle him. “Kiryu!” She yelled.
That woke him up, and he instinctually dodged. Mion barely missed tagging him and overshot. And
to Kiryu’s horror… he realized she was only a few feet away from dropping down off the edge.
“Mion!” He instantly reacted, reached out to grab her, and pulled her back. “Mion! Are you ok?”
They were both now steady on their feet. Mion said nothing but wore a sly smile, put her hand on
Kiryu’s shoulder, and said “Tag!”.
Kiryu was utterly dumbfounded. “W-wait, hang on… don’t tell me you intentionally…”
“Yep! I was never in danger of falling off. I just made it look like it, cuz I knew my heroic teacher
would come rescue me.”
Kiryu was speechless. The girl had completely outwitted him. “... How did you know I’d come
here?”
“I didn’t. I just had a hunch you might, and hoped you would.”

As the short burst of adrenaline wore off, Kiryu covered his face with his hand. “Don’t… don’t do
that again.”
Mion started cackling. “What? I was never in any sense of danger.”
“Maybe, but… do you know how bad it would be if something happened to you?”
“Of course, I do. C’mon, though. I’m the invincible Mion Sonozaki. I’m not gonna bite it that
easy,” she said pointing to herself with confidence.
“... Still, it’s not good for my mental health.”
Mion started laughing again, and Kiryu was now able to smile. A thought then occurred to him.
… That’s right, she’s Mion Sonozaki. She’s the heir to the Sonozaki Family. She’s…
The memory of his promise before his death echoed in his head.
… I can trust her. I HAVE to trust her. No matter what, I will never betray these kids again. If I
want to get to the bottom of this mystery, I need to trust in her. That’s the only way I’ll be able to
confirm if those two yakuza were killed or not by the Sonozakis.
“Hey, Mion. Do you mind if I ask a personal question?”
Mion stopped laughing, and looked at Kiryu, puzzled. “Uh sure, what’s up?”
“I don’t mean to pry, but you are the heir to the Sonozaki Family, right?”
The air was stagnant. Mion was a little taken aback, but she returned to a soft smile. “Yeah, what of
it? Do you want to know what it’s like? You did say a while back you had an interest in true crime.”
Kiryu peeked into the memories of this fragment’s Kiryu, and sure enough, he had mentioned it a
few days ago. “Yeah, you could say that.”
She looked away with an almost bittersweet gaze. “Heh, if I didn’t know any better I’d say Ooishi
put you up to this,” she said in a soft voice.
Kiryu suppressed his panic remembering this version of him hadn’t met the sly detective yet.
“Who?” He asked.
“Ah, no one. Just a troublemaker. Anyways, what did you want to ask? Be careful, though. I might
have to make you sleep with the fishes depending on what you find out,” she teased.
Kiryu weighed his options carefully. “Well, maybe not so much the family as a whole, but more
yourself. Have you ever uh… committed any y’know…”
His voice trailed off as he realized he had no clue how exactly to continue. Mion burst into laughter
to Kiryu’s displeasure. Dammit, why did I phrase it that way?
“Hahahaha, hold on just… that’s how you’re going to ask me?”
Kiryu was noticeably embarrassed. “It… it sounded better in my head, okay.”

Regaining her composure, Mion answered. “Well, I can’t just say I’ve never done anything illegal.
Even during the Dam War, I got arrested a few times for throwing bricks.”
Kiryu already knew that, but pretended to be shocked. “Really?”
“Yep, you know the Family runs most of this area. Not just Hinamizawa, we have people all over in
Okinomiya and a few other places in the region. If you’re already familiar with the yakuza, I
assume I don’t have to spell it out for you what we… might be involved in.”
Kiryu was almost stunned. Here before him was a regular teenage girl talking about the yakuza as
if it was nothing. In some sense, it really was nothing for her. She was an heir through and through
and acted like one.
“Do you ever have to deal with other yakuza groups? Where I come from, the Tojo Clan is pretty
infamous.”
Mion hesitated to reply. She was visibly shaken by the mention of the Tojo for only a split second,
but Kiryu caught it. “... Thankfully, no. I don’t think anyone, but maybe the Omi Alliance would
dare mess with them.”
She was lying, of course. There was the potential threat of war between the two, and both knew it.
“That’s good, I wouldn’t want to mess with them either,” Kiryu stated.
“... Yeah, it could end up pretty awful.”
Kiryu nodded. “Do they give you guys back tattoos, or are you too young for that?”
Mion perked up at being able to get off the uncomfortable topic of the Tojo. “Yes. I have a tattoo of
a ‘Hannya’ or ‘demon’ on my back. My name even has the kanji for ‘demon’.”
Kiryu’s eyes lit up. In his head, he imagined a similar tattoo to Majima’s. Perhaps the Hannya
tattoo is more common than I thought? Even out here, yakuza have it.
“Yep,” Mion continued. “I’m the Demoness of Hinamizawa. That’s why you lost.” She once again
pointed to herself confidently.
Staring at the young girl, he was reminded of the young master, Diago. A young kid born into a
powerful yakuza family, one most likely expected to lead the family in the future. And yet with
those thoughts, he realized something about the girl. He had seen everything bad and corrupt about
the yakuza, and he wondered. Should a young girl like her be at the center of all this?
“... Is it a burden for you?”
Mion blinked a few times, perplexed. “Excuse me?”
Kiryu was surprised at himself that he had even said it, but it was what he genuinely wanted to ask.
“It has to be difficult, right? I don’t mean to insult your pride, but… a young girl like you shouldn’t
have to be saddled with the expectations of an entire Family.”
Mion couldn’t meet Kiryu’s gaze. She looked away unsure of how to answer. After a minute
passed, she looked back at him with a bittersweet smile. “Have you considered being the heir isn’t
a bad thing?”

Kiryu wasn’t sure how to reply, so Mion continued. “You’re right, it’s not easy. Most girls my age
aren’t destined to inherit a massive crime syndicate. Even so, I chose this path. It’s my
responsibility to fill the position.” … And if I don’t do it, how could I ever make it up to her?”
“Still though, couldn’t you have someone else be the heir, maybe? I’m sure they’d respect your
decision, I mean… you’re my student. I worry about you sometimes.”
Mion kept her smile and shook her head no. “All that would cause is a power vacuum, and
everyone fighting over who gets to lead.”
Kiryu looked down at the ground in frustration. “I know that, but… even then.”
He looked back up only to see Mion much closer now. The girl before him had the most steadfast
and resolute eyes he had maybe ever seen. “Kiryu, I appreciate your concern. But someone needs to
lead this town and protect it. Believe it or not, both this town and the Sonozakis themselves are
changing.”
Kiryu stayed silent hanging on her every word. “Just between you and me, even Grandma is hoping
to step back and take the Family in a new direction. One less like a yakuza, and more… safe and
welcoming. Everyone here knows HInamizawa doesn’t have the best reputation, but we want to
change that.”
She looked away and faced the town below her. “This is my home. This is the community I grew
up in. These are the people I’ve made memories with and want to keep making more good
memories with. I want it to continue growing and prosper, and the only way to do that is to change
some stuff around here and fix Hinamizawa’s reputation. And honestly… “
She looked back at Kiryu. “I want to be there leading the charge.”
“People like you are going to be the future of Hinamizawa, Kiryu.”

Kiryu was speechless. How could he say anything to the girl before him? One who could do
anything she set her mind to. One who’s conviction would not be swayed no matter what.

“There you are!” Keiichi cried out.
The two turned to see the rest of the kids had finally caught up. “We’ve been searching the last ten
minutes for you, guys! Why are you just standing up here? Did we win?!” Keiichi bombarded Mion
with questions.
She nodded. “Of course, we did. I was the one who tagged him, of course. Y’know, not to brag.
Just saying.”
The kids cheered, and Kiryu remembering he’d have to deal with the penalty now took a big sigh.
“Yeah, yeah, feel free to not mention on how you tricked me and scared me half to death.”
“That’s just how the game goes, Kiryu. You’re not going to be a sore loser, and take it like a man,
right?”
Kiryu rolled his eyes. “Yeeeeesss,” he groaned.
Mion winked and turned her attention to her friends.
Rika approached him. “Talk about anything interesting?” She asked softly.
Kiryu furrowed his brows. “How did you…”
“I have my ways, nipah!”
Kiryu still could not understand the mysterious girl before him, but that wasn’t what was on his
mind. Mion’s words rang in his head.
“The future of HInamizawa,” huh…

Chapter End Notes

Art was done by the lovely trick-starr. As of posting this, they're taking commissions. They do
excellent work, so please consider comm'ing them. They were excellent to do business with:
https://www.tumblr.com/trick-starr/727112537571819521/taking-commissions?source=share

Chapter 20: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 3: Desire for Happiness
After receiving a penalty and meeting up with Rika, Kiryu was now home. It was evening, and the
higurashi sang their final melody before nighttime approached. Kiryu had done as Rika said and
had acquired the book with Rika’s letter. Despite everything that had happened, he still couldn’t
believe the contents of it.
In it, he found an incredible story. The origins of Hinamizawa Syndrome and its effects, the truth
behind the Watanagashi murders, Takano and the Mountain Dogs being Rika’s killers, and Rules X,
Y, and Z. Finally, the last section of the letter would talk about Rika’s ancestor Hanyuu.
This bit will be the hardest to wrap your head around. I’m sure you know of the legends of
Oyashiro. She’s my ancestor and the one whose powers have let me loop for over a century. I’m the
only one who can see or talk to her, but people at a critical level with the Syndrome can hear her
footsteps. I wouldn’t be surprised if you experienced it yourself last loop.
Kiryu froze up. Oh… that would explain a lot.
In simple terms, she’s like a ghost. She’s been my one companion throughout all these loops. Even if
you can’t see her, please know that she has been alongside me this whole time. She will be one of
our biggest allies.
This would have concluded Rika’s letter, but Kiryu had asked her a favor.
Finally, I don’t know why you asked about her specifically, but I’ll tell you what I can. Mion is
incredibly kind, compassionate, and loving. She will do anything to minimize suffering. She created
the game club to give Satoko and Satoshi shelter from their abusive family. She also created it as a
place to spread love and fun for everyone. She gave up on her feelings for Satoshi so that her sister
could be happy.
As the heir to the Sonozaki Family, she can easily fulfill the role and be equally cold and merciless.
Beneath all that though, is a girl who does deeply care for everyone and wants to lead the Family
in a new direction. Out of all the loops, she is the only one of my friends who has never contracted
the Syndrome. Chalk it up to her steadfast moral compass, her trust in her friends, her often being
the first to communicate and solve issues, etc.
Call it what you want, but she’s a natural-born leader. She’s never the one to suffer from it, … but
she’s almost always the one who suffered from the others getting it. I so desperately want to avoid
that happening in this loop, if possible Kiryu. I want none of my friends to suffer anymore. Please,
tomorrow talk with me about what to do next.
Sincerely, Rika
And with that, Kiryu was done reading. However, he was not remotely done absorbing all the info
he had just read. He looked over the letter again, reread certain sections, and repeated that for about
twenty minutes. At last, he sighed and went to the bathroom.
He washed his face and took a long look at himself in the mirror. I know what I said today, and I
intend to keep it. At the same time, how the fuck do I navigate this? What can I do to help this girl?

If something goes wrong again, would I even be able to loop with her or remember what happens
next time?
Anxiety and doubt wracked his mind, but he shook his head. Never mind, I can’t be acting how I
did last loop. I’ll figure it out like I did the Empty Lot.
He clenched his fists. And above all else, I will stop that Takano from ever hurting my students
again.
~~~~
It was Wednesday morning, and Kiryu had a much more peaceful awakening today. He had some
nightmares, but none were as vicious as the real thing. In his head, he could still see the image of
the demonic Rika before him. He forced himself to ignore it and reminded himself that he had
forgiven the girl. The horrific images and feelings may stay, but his forgiveness would not waver.
He did his usual morning routine, left the house, and headed to school. After ten minutes, he was
surprised to see Rika enter as he was getting things prepared for class. “Oh, Rika. What are you
doing here so early?”
Kiryu knew exactly why, but didn’t want to make Kaieda suspicious if he happened to come in. “I
just thought it would be nice to help out, Nipah!”
“Alright, would you mind coming over here to help me sort these papers?”
“Not at all.”
As the two were now close by, Kiryu spoke in a whisper. “I read everything. It was… a lot, but I
think I get the picture.”
Rika looked at Kiryu with an inquisitive glare. “I’m astonished you’re adapting to this so quickly.
You really don’t have any doubts about what I said?”
Kiryu shook his head. “I meant what I said. I promise I’ll believe in you and the kids from now on.
And honestly, I’ve been in just as insane situations… time travel and resurrection aside.”
Rika smiled, but it disappeared after a few seconds. “Kiryu, I… I know you said you forgive me,
but still, I feel horrible for what I did. I mean I jus-”
Kiryu put a finger to her mouth to Rika’s surprise. “Hey, you said I forgive you, right? Then there’s
no need to worry. It’s in the past now. I won’t hold it against you, and I’m here to help.”
Rika didn’t respond, but rather averted her gaze and gave a slight nod. I just don’t get it. Is it guilt
that keeps him from feeling anger towards me, or is that his genuine conviction? I’ve known this
man for a little over a week. I’ve learned so much, and yet so little about him. Is this just… how he
is?
Rika turned her attention back to Kiryu only to see him looking up at the ceiling with a pale
expression. “Kiryu?”
“Um, Rika. I hope that ghost up there is your friend because otherwise I really have gone nuts.”

Rika looked up and indeed Hanyuu was floating up there. Rika was, of course, the only one who
could see Hanyuu. So as the two donned perplexed expressions, they wondered then what Kiryu
was on about. That was until it clicked.
“YOU CAN SEE ME?!!!!!???!!” Hanyuu yelled at the top of her lungs.
Both Kiryu and Rika shushed her loudly, only to realize this must look insane out of context. Sure
enough a voice spoke up, “Is something going on there?” Kaieda had opened the door, wondering
what was all the hubbub.
“Nothing at all, Kaieda,” Kiryu interjected quickly. “Rika was just helping me sort the papers,
and… she almost dropped a bunch. She saved it though, and I sighed in relief.”
Kaieda raised his eyebrow. “Oh, I thought I… heard someone shushing someone.”
“Ah, no. That was just my sigh of relief. It might have sounded a little weird, admittedly.”
Kaieda chuckled. “Well, at least you’re self-aware of it. Keep up the good work, Kiryu. And Ms.
Rika, thank you for coming in early and being a model student. I very much appreciate it.”
Rika nodded. “Of course, meep!”
Kaieda nodded back and shut the door. After a few seconds, all three collectively breathed an actual
sigh of relief. “Au, au, au, I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” Hanyuu apologized repeatedly.
“It’s fine, I just wasn’t uh, expecting that,” Kiryu said, the fear now finally vanishing.
“Hanyuu, … don’t do that again. That was far too close,” Rika stated, exasperated.
“W-well, you two were the ones that shushed a ghost no one else could see!”
Rika shook her head in disbelief. “Well, apparently Kiryu can see Hanyuu now.”
She stared at Kiryu, and he stared back at Rika just as confused. “It appears I can.”
~~~~
The classroom was now ready to go, and Chie would be joining soon. Before that, the three had
gathered around a table. Rika would speak first, “OK, let’s leave the how and why Kiryu can see
Hanyuu for later. Let’s just assume it’s some new thing that’s awakened along with his looping
power.”
The other two nodded. Rika faced Kiryu. “Ok, Kiryu. I’ve told you almost everything I know. At
this point, you’re pretty much on the same page as me. Now it’s your turn. What’s our best course
of action next? You know about the Tojo better than any of us, plus all the knowledge I’ve given
you. I don’t mean to dump all of this on you, but do you have any plans for what comes next?”
Kiryu had indeed quite a few plans. He had brainstormed constantly last night before falling asleep
and had continued doing so this morning. However, all had one thing in common.
“We need to get the support of the Sonozakis no matter what. According to you, Mion said last loop
that the Sonozakis shouldn’t have had anything to do with it, right?”

“Yes. I can’t be positive, but it’s extremely unlikely to be them. Our most likely culprit would be
the Mountain Dogs.”
“That tracks, but we need some sort of proof or confession.”
The two went silent as they brainstormed plans. Both gradually realized nothing was coming to
mind. They had their goals:
Save Rika and all her friends.
Stop Takano and the Mountain Dogs from killing anyone, much less the whole village.
Prevent anyone from catching the Syndrome, or cure them if they do.
Gather evidence and a confession from the killers of the two yakuza.
Prevent the Tojo from getting involved.
Receive aid and support from the Sonozakis to do all this.
It was a lot, to say the least. Finally, Kiryu spoke, “How bad of an idea would it be to go directly to
Oryou and explain the situation?”
Rika and Hanyuu side-eyed each other and stared at Kiryu. “It has a small chance of going well,
but probably you’d be screwed,” Rika answered. “Oryou can be as mean as they come. It’s for the
best you approach this by getting close to someone like Mion. Shion could maybe work too, but
you know already how rocky her relationship with her family is.”
Kiryu nodded. “Anyways, um, … what about her?” He said pointing at Hanyuu.
Hanyuu had stayed silent, and her eyes widened. “W-what about me?”
Kiryu shook his head. “Sorry, I’m still having trouble processing that she... exists.”
Rika slightly smiled. I suppose he can’t adapt to everything that quickly.
“I’ll explain more later. If you read the letter, you have a clear enough idea. Chie will be here any
second.”
Kiryu glanced at the time, and, sure enough, it was about time for her to arrive. They were just
lucky she hadn’t arrived sooner. As Kiryu got up, he looked briefly at Hanyuu. The shy goddess
averted her gaze. He did the same and sighed. It’s not that I dislike her and maybe Rika is just used
to it, but that “Hanyuu” has a terrifying aura. How did I get involved with a literal god of all
things?
~~~~
Bento boxes were piled along the desks, and lunchtime was a go. Usually, Kiryu would eat by
himself. Today though, he thought it best to keep an eye on the kids. He also got to be amused by
his students' shenanigans.
“Hey Kei, did you watch that new episode of Votoms last night?” Mion asked.
“Dude, I did. It was the coolest thing! I can’t believe Chirico got out of that alive,” Keiichi
answered.
“I know, right? The way he just-”

“Sis, can you talk about your ‘big robot’ shows later? They’re so boring to hear about,” Shion
interrupted.
Mion looked annoyed, to say the least. “Oh, I’m sure you watch the highest quality shows,” she
said sarcastically.
Shion smirked. “Of course, I do. You know those mecha shows are for boys. No one is going to be
interested in a girl, who’s all into men’s stuff. It couldn’t kill you to act like a girl every now and
then.”
Mion blushed, not expecting the sudden attack. “I-I’ll have you know there are plenty of boys, who
would love to date a girl into mecha!”
“Mhm, good luck finding one. My poor Sis!” She said feigning sorrow. “She’ll forever be a
tomboy, and die alone.”
One couldn’t tell at this point if Mion’s face was red from embarrassment or anger. “Ok, that’s it!
Get over here!”
The two got up and were about to chase each other. That was until Chie stepped in. “Ms. Mion and
Shion Sonozaki, you should know better. You are the oldest students in this class and should act
like it. Now apologize and return to your seats.”
Both girls nodded and apologized. To Kiryu, it was still somewhat surreal seeing Shion in this
classroom. Does she only come here in certain worlds? I never did ask her where she went to
school last time, but it was definitely not here. … Wait, is she even enrolled here? As far as I know,
she just… shows up sometimes to hang out with Mion and her friends.
With their temporary battle halted, Shion got some veggies out of her bento box. “Alright Satoko,
you know what time it is.”
Satoko’s eyes widened. “Auuuu, I don’t want to.”
“Come now Satoko, You have to eat well, and be healthy.” Her glare harshened. “And there’d best
be no ‘canned food’ incidents like last time,” she said in a deeper tone.
Satoko yipped, and the fake tears commenced. “Waaaaah, I don’t want to.”
Kiryu searched through his memories for context. A regular occurrence of Shion trying to get
Satoko to eat vegetables, and the shenanigans that followed played in his head. Ah, Shion has been
acting like an older sister to Satoko. That makes sense, considering… Satoshi…
He paused and realized out of everything Rika had explained, she hadn’t mentioned Satoshi outside
of his involvement in the Watanagashi murders. Does even Rika not know what happened to
Satoshi?
“I DON’T WANT IT!!”
A scream woke him from his thoughts. The perpetrator seemed to have been Satoko, who had
pushed Shion away. Everyone in the class stared at her, which Satoko quickly realized. She covered
her mouth in embarrassment. After a few seconds, she coughed and tried to regain her composure.
“C-could you please wait till tomorrow, Shion?”

Shion herself was still recovering from Satoko’s outburst. “S-sure, I’m sorry Satoko. I didn’t mean
to pressure you so much.”
“It’s fine. I shouldn’t have reacted like that. I… suppose I can eat at least one squash as an
apology.”
A smile of relief came over Shion’s face. “Just one is fine. We’ll leave it at that for today.”
Lunchtime continued, and everyone went back to their regular selves, if somewhat awkwardly.
Kiryu, however only pretended to be eating his food. His actual thoughts were elsewhere. … What
the hell was that?
He tried to glance at Rika for an answer. Once Rika noticed Kiryu’s stare, she could only reply with
an equally uncertain face.
~~~~
Class was now back in session. Kiryu was outside in the front lot, smoking a cigarette. Satoko’s cry
still rang in his head. He hated how similar it sounded to his encounter with her last loop. He then
noticed Shion leaving the school.
“Going home already?” He asked nonchalantly. “You really shouldn’t skip school.”
Shion chuckled. “And you’re one to speak, Kiryu? A little younger, and you’d fit right in as a
delinquent.”
Kiryu slightly blushed and decided it was a good idea to put out the cigarette. “You’re right. I
shouldn’t smoke at the school.”
“You shouldn’t smoke period, you dork. Don’t you know those things can cause cancer?”
Unfortunately, Kiryu didn’t have a comeback. “I don’t have to worry about cancer… probably.”
“Says the man who smokes ten packs a day.”
Both smiled and laughed. “Where do you even go to school, Shion? It’s not here is it?”
“Nah, I go to one in Okinomiya.”
“And, they don’t care if you cut class?”
Shion smirked. “I’m sure they do, but I have my ways of making it not matter. As far as they’re
concerned, I have perfect attendance.”
Kiryu didn’t even need to think about it to know what she meant. “Isn’t that illegal?”
Shion frowned, mildly confused. “Kiryu, I’m a part of a yakuza family. What do you think we do?”
And to that, Kiryu had no reply. She got me there…
Shion gave a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, I’m not misusing my family’s name. At least not too
much, hee-hee.”

“Yeesh, you and Mion will just do whatever it takes to accomplish your goals.”
Her smile left her face quickly, and Kiryu realized he had messed up. “E-er, not to compare you to
your sister. Both of you are individuals and-”
Shion stifled a laugh. “Kiryu, it’s fine. What are you freaking out so much for? You’re not wrong.”
She looked out into the distance. “Unfortunately…”
Kiryu was well aware of Shion’s troubled past and decided to shift topics. “How is Satoko? I’ve
never seen her yell like that before.”
Shion looked back, a little surprised to see Kiryu ask. “Oh, she’s fine now. I’ve never seen her yell
like that before. Or at least, it’s been a long time since…”
Despite Kiryu’s best attempts, an uncomfortable silence seemed inevitable. “Hey Kiryu,” she
suddenly said. “I normally wouldn’t talk about this, but it’s best you know since you’re her teacher
after all. How familiar are you with Satoko’s past.”
Ironically, Kiryu might know more about Satoko at this point than Shion. Unfortunately, the main
source of that info was Shion herself last loop. “I’ve heard the full story. Why do you ask?”
Shion sighed, happy to not have to fill Kiryu in on the harrowing tale. “In that case, I’ve noticed
Satoko recently has seemed more… stressed.”
“Stressed?” Kiryu asked, now worried.
“I could be wrong, but I think she’s missing Satoshi more than usual. I know she also sometimes
has nightmares, and I… might have brought up a bad memory today, unintentionally.” Shion
looked almost depressed stating this.
“I just… I just want her to be happy. Why does she still have to suffer even now?”
Kiryu stood still for a few seconds, then walked over, and put a hand on her shoulder to comfort
her. “Shion, know that I will protect Satoko no matter what. I can’t make her fully happy as she is
now. I’ll leave that role to you, as you’re the best suited for that. What I can say though, is that I
will protect her smile. If that abusive piece of shit is still out there and ever dared come back here,
I’ll make him regret ever being born.”
Shion was taken aback, but she smiled warmly. “Thank you, Kiryu. I needed that.”
He smiled back. “No problem, I protect all my students including you… or at least when you’re
here.”
Shion burst out laughing. “I’ll have to come by more often, in that case. Have a nice day, Kiryu.”
“You too.”
She started walking and waved at Kiryu as she left the schoolyard. While Shion was now more of
sound mind, a bit of worry still persisted in Kiryu’s head. As he waved back, he wondered to
himself. Surely, I can do more than just “protect” her.

Chapter 21: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 4: The Depths Of Your Sins
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was Wednesday afternoon. Lunch was over, and soon Kiryu would have to teach P.E. Meanwhile,
he was staring at the ground, wondering about his next course of action. He had everything he had
talked with Rika about, on top of trying to devise an idea to help Satoko out. It didn’t have to be
grandiose, but he wanted the girl to have some joy in her life. Anyone could tell something was off
with her.
Unfortunately, he found himself at a loss. He knew Satoko well, but he didn’t know her extremely
well. He hated to admit it, but nothing was coming to mind. Dammit, there has to be something.
“Hey, Kiryu. Are you doing okay?”
Kiryu looked up to see Mion had joined him outside. “Uh, yeah. Was just thinking of what to do for
P.E. today.”
“Are you gonna show us some secret martial arts technique?”
Kiryu smirked. “In your dreams. You all have at least a decade before you’d be ready for that.”
Mion wore a confident smile. “I’m not bad myself.” She assumed an Aikido stance. “Want to go a
round?” She asked jokingly.
Kiryu rolled his eyes. “You should be more focused on fighting for your grades than fighting me. I
saw you daydreaming earlier.”
“Ack… w-well I wouldn’t say I was daydreaming.”
“Oh? Then what were ya doing?” He asked with a smirk. He quickly dropped it though, once he
realized Mion had become solemn.
After some brief hesitation, she revealed the truth. “I’m worried about Satoko.”
Kiryu nodded. “Seems both you and your sister are. I talked to her earlier about it before she left.”
“You did? … No wait, of course you did. Shion worries about Satoko the most by far. But after that
reaction today, I’m sure everyone felt something was off with her.”
Kiryu felt irked at the fact he still hadn’t come up with an idea. At this rate, the conversation would
just go the same way as with Shion. Some comforting ideals to assure his student, but nothing that
would actually help the one, who so desperately needed it. If he couldn’t come up with anything
himself, he figured he’d best ask Satoko’s friends instead.
“Mion, do you have any ideas on how I … no, we can help her? My brain feels like mush. I have a
few ideas that could maybe work, but I don’t think any will be as effective as I want them to be.
You know her better than me, and are really good about looking out for your friends in general. All
that said, may I ask for your help?

Mion was stunned and felt mildly embarrassed by his praise. ”S-sure, I’d love to. I just, uh, didn’t
expect the high praise there.”
Kiryu smiled. “Hey, there was no lie there. I have pride in the character of my students. It’s my
duty to be a role model for the next generation, and you’re a great example of following that.”
“Y-yeah! Of course, I am. This old man can do anything she sets her mind to,” she said faking
confidence to hide her embarrassment. “Anyways, I do have an idea, but I’ll need your help with it.
I’d also like to leave it as a surprise for everyone else.”
She signaled Kiryu to draw near and whispered into his ear. After a minute, Kiryu leaned back and
went over it in his head. “I’d have to run that by Kaieda, but otherwise that sounds like it could
work. The only thing I’d be worried about is safety concerns.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll supervise it. I’ll make sure Satoko doesn’t go too far.”
Mion smiled, and Kiryu smiled back. “Thank you, Mion. I don’t know what I would do without
you kids sometimes.”
Mion held her hand up as if it was nothing. “Of course, it’s what I do.”
“That being said Mion, if we’re doing this I’ll need to buy some stuff. Do you mind if I skip the
club today?”
“That’s fine, but are you sure? I don’t want you to spend too much on this. I have money myself.”
Kiryu shook his head. “Nah, if we’re going to do this, let’s go all out. I have too much money
anyways, wouldn’t hurt to burn some.”
“Well, I suppose you are pretty rich. Be careful, or maybe my family will come after you,” she
teased.
Kiryu awkwardly laughed considering that very well was an actual possibility, if albeit not for the
reasons Mion thought. “I’ll go talk to Kaieda, and see what we can do.”
They then said their goodbyes. Kiryu gathered his things, got approval from Kaieda, and set off to
Okinomiya for a shopping spree.
~~~~
After a lengthier-than-expected shopping session, Kiryu was home. He wiped the sweat off his
brow and looked at the time. Jeez, 6:00 already? Where the hell did the time go? Is this how women
feel when they’re out shopping?
He unloaded everything and took a seat in his favorite chair. The living room was messy now
thanks to his new purchases. No one was coming over though, so he didn’t worry about it.
Relaxing, he let his mind wander. And with that came annoyance. Annoyance at the fact he had
succeeded in doing something that could help Satoko but was still not remotely sure how to tackle
everything else he was dealing with. The last thing he needed was another half-hour brainstorming
session with Rika with neither of them coming up with anything.
An idea finally popped into his head. Shit, I haven’t even called Nishiki yet.

One could not blame Kiryu. Nishiki was certainly his best friend, but Kiryu’s mind had been
sidetracked by his death and revival a little.
Before he called, he checked to make sure there were no bugs or wires. He wasn’t an expert, but he
had seen some used during his Tojo days. Luckily, he found nothing.
As he rang the phone, he suddenly felt anxious. I hadn’t thought about it, but it has been four days
since the “me” of this world last called. Anything could have happened in that time.
He felt some relief as a familiar voice answered the call. “Kiryu?” It asked.
“Hey Nishiki, I just wanted to call and check up on you. How is everything?”
“Oh, … things are fine. I was getting a little worried there. It’s been longer than usual since you last
called me, is anything wrong?”
“No, I’ve just been very… busy. I’ve maybe found some stuff out, but I need to confirm.” Kiryu
kept purposefully vague, as he was truthfully still in the process of figuring stuff out. Also, he
couldn’t just say he was now stuck in a time loop.
“Ohhh, no wonder. I figured you were fine, but you can’t blame me for worrying.”
“Yeah, I'm fine. I wouldn’t die that easily,” Kiryu blatantly lied.
“I know. I know. I don’t need to hear another long lecture from you about how tough and brave you
are.”
The anxiety had finally faded away. The usual bicker of his brother and best friend set him at ease.
However, now was not the time to act casually. “What about the Tojo and Dojima?”
“Dojima is the same as ever. A bastard no one likes, even those who suck up to him. The Tojo on
the other hand…”
Kiryu jolted up realizing something. He had had this conversation before. And more importantly,
that was when he had first heard about Takano being involved.
“Wait, Nishiki. Sorry to interrupt, but is there some Takano lady meeting up with the Tojo higherups?”
Nishiki paused. “... Yeah, but how would you know that?”
“Well, remember when I said I had maybe found some stuff?”
“Ah… huh, maybe you’re a better detective than I took you for. While we’re at it, do you know
about ‘Tokyo’?”
“Yes, but probably no more than you do.”
“At least, we’re on even footing in regards to that. Why do you bring her up?”
“Don’t trust her. She is 100% bad news. While I haven’t confirmed yet, I’m starting to think she’s
responsible for the murder of those two yakuza.”

Nishiki went silent again. “... That's possible, but I can’t imagine it’s that simple. Let's say she's
trying to compensate the Tojo for this. You can’t just buy your way out of the Tojo, you know that
better than anyone.”
“Right, which is why I was wondering if you could ask Dad to maybe stall.”
“Stall?”
“Yes, stall. Even he can’t stop whatever deal they’re making, but he can at least slow it down. I hate
to say it, but that deal might be what prevents war from happening. The one thing I need is more
time. Even if no war happens, I have evidence to believe something horrible will happen here to the
residents.”
“... Kiryu, what the hell did you exactly find out? You sound like you’ve gotten involved in some
deep shit here. We talked about this, you better not try to be a fucking hero and die because of it!”
Kiryu winced at the sudden increase in volume. “I’m not trying to be a hero! I just… if I don’t stop
this, there will be so many lives lost. I can’t just ignore that, and have all their blood on my hands.”
After hearing that, Nishiki’s anger subsided and he fell quiet. “Dammit, man. I can’t say anything
when you put it like that. Just… at least allow me to send someone to help you like Majima.”
“No, and especially not him. Believe it or not, I do have a few allies. It’s because of them I even
have all this info. I can’t risk anything going wrong now, much less the Sonozakis being wary of
some new guys in town. Don’t think for a moment they’d be safe in Okinomiya, either.”
After some time, Nishiki sighed. “Fine, you win. I don’t know how you always find yourself in the
craziest shit, but you’ve survived it all. I’m sure in a few weeks, we’ll be drinking together in
Serena. I’ll talk to Dad and see what I can do.”
“Thank you, Nishiki. I hope you have a nice night. I swear I’ll figure out whoever murdered
Shindo.”
“... Uh, Kiryu? You mean Hiroshi Hayashi, right?”
Kiryu furrowed his brow in confusion. “... No, it was Shindo, right?”
“Kiryu, I just had drinks with Shindo last week. It was Hiroshi and his subordinate, who got
murdered.”
Kiryu searched his memories, and sure enough, he was positive Nishiki had told him it was Shindo.
“Are you messing with me right now? I am positive you told me it was Shindo.”
Nishiki sighed, and Kiryu could hear the facepalm through the phone. “Kiryu, Kiryu, bro. I think
we’d both know if Koji was dead considering he was as important to the Tojo as Hayashi. I’m
starting to think you’re the one messing with me. And if you are, is now really the time?”
Kiryu didn’t reply. Nishiki had no reason to lie to him, and he trusted him. Then the truth was that
Hayashi had been murdered… at least in this world. What the fuck…
“Kiryu, dude! This is getting old real quick, say something.”

Nishiki’s yell woke Kiryu up from his confusion. “Er, sorry. Yeah, I was just messing with you. I
figured it would alleviate the tension.”
Nishiki grumbled inaudibly under his breath. “Not really, ya dickhead. Whatever, just stay safe out
there. Have a nice night.”
“S-sure, you too.”
Kiryu finally hung up and just sat there staring at the wall. I know Rika had talked about the idea of
alternate worlds/universes, but… was I naïve for thinking it would be the exact same?
His thoughts were interrupted by a soft voice. “Um, Kiryu can we talk now or…”
The voice didn’t finish her sentence. Kiryu nearly fell out of his chair looking for the source of the
noise. He found Hanyuu staring at him from across the room, floating near the ceiling.
Ah…. right.
After finding out Kiryu could now see and hear Hanyuu, Rika decided the best way to transfer
information without meeting up would be via ghost messenger. It would be more optimal to just
have a phone and call, but Hanyuu was the second best thing they could ask for.”
After nearly having a heart attack, Kiryu attempted to calm his nerves. “Don’t… don’t do that,
please.”
“S-sorry!! I didn’t mean to scare you, au au au.” Hanyuu apologized a few more times, as Kiryu
caught his breath.
“It’s fine. I’m still getting used to… you, no offense.”
“N-none taken. This is just as unusual for me for what it’s worth.”
“Right…”
“...”
“Uncomfortable” would be an understatement to describe the current dynamic between them.
Kiryu was slowly getting used to his new paranormal pal and decided to break the ice as best he
could. “Please excuse the state of the living room, I was gonna clean up tomorrow.”
“O-oh, it’s fine! It doesn’t bother me.”
“... So! Did you or uh, Rika find anything out?”
“No, sorry. Mion told Rika about the plan to cheer up Satoko, and she at least seemed ecstatic about
that. Otherwise, nothing happened. … A-also, I’ve been here since a few minutes before you got
home! S-so you don’t need to recap what you talked to Ichiki about.”
“It’s… Nishiki.”
Hanyuu’s cheeks flushed red. “R-right! I’m sorry.”

“...”
“...”
“... So, if you heard all that over the phone, I suppose it’s not a surprise to you that the murder
victim is different in this world.”
“Not entirely, no. It’s pretty rare to have a similar fragment, and even when we had an idea of what
to expect, things quickly veered off course. Is who got murdered important?”
“I don’t think so. It’s still a high-ranking yakuza in the Tojo and his subordinate who got killed
here. Still two yakuza dead, and the threat of war.”
“O-oh, well at least it’s not worse.”
“Yeah, I guess…”
The unwanted, but still inevitable atmosphere returned. Kiryu sighed and looked away. Fuck me,
this isn’t getting any better. She acts like she’s walking on thin ice around me, and I’m trying my
best to figure out how to talk to a shy ghost… creature. Whatever she is.
Kiryu looked back at Hanyuu. He gave a good look-over of the being in front of him, much to
Hanyuu’s embarrassment. … This girl is Oyashiro? THE Guardian of Hinamizawa? She just looks
like a kid, certainly nothing like what the books describe the mythical figure as.
Then again, minus the horns, she is 100% a human. At least, she looks like one. … Never mind, it
doesn’t matter who or what she is. Based on what Rika told me, she’s the reason Rika is even still
alive. She’s been watching over me since I got here hoping, praying that I could save her daughter
from the hell she’s found herself in.
When I think about it, she’s the closest thing to a maternal figure Rika has probably had. It would
be wrong to treat her any differently.
Kiryu got up from his chair and bowed to Hanyuu. “Ms. Furude, I’m… assuming you saw my
apology to Rika and everything that entailed. Regardless, please accept my apology for everything
I’ve done. I don’t expect forgiveness, but I still want to say this to you. I swear going forward I will
do everything to save Rika’s life and ensure her happiness.”
Hanyuu was completely taken aback. “W-w-w-wait! I already accepted your apology to Rika! You
don’t need to go through this again!”
“That’s… a relief to hear, but still.” He raised his head and faced her. “I’ve committed something
horrible, and I intend to atone for it.”
Hanyuu did not reply. She contemplated Kiryu’s words, wearing a solemn expression. To Kiryu,
she now resembled more of the goddess he had envisioned, instead of the wishy-washy girl he had
seen till now. Nothing could have prepared him though, for what she asked next. “Kiryu, do you
believe in God?”
Kiryu was utterly dumbfounded as to how to reply. “... Is this a trick question, because I’m staring
at one right now.”
“Let me rephrase. Before you came here, did you believe in any sort of god?

Kiryu hesitated to answer, fearing divine punishment. He decided the best course was to be honest.
“Not particularly, no. I wasn’t raised religiously, and I never went to anything like church growing
up. I’m not sure if it was so much I didn’t believe, as that I just didn’t think about it much. My
father was the closest thing to a god I had for better or worse. He was my whole world as a kid.
These days, I still respect and love him, but I can recognize idolizing him being a yakuza wasn’t the
best idea.”
“I see. Knowing what you do now, do you believe it is a god’s duty to take on the sins of
mankind?”
Another question Kiryu found himself struggling to answer. “I… can’t say. I would assume it
would be up to the god to decide.”
Hanyuu nodded. “I can’t tell you who or what created this universe. Even ‘universe’ is too small a
term to describe everything I’ve seen. What I can say though is that whatever it is, it does reward
self-sacrifice for the sake of others. You’ve read the tales and myths about me, correct?”
“Yes, how human and demon blood mixing resulted in chaos. How you volunteered to take all of
the sins of the village upon yourself, and that the head priest killed you. From then on, you would
become the guardian spirit of Hinamazawa known as Oyashiro.”
“That’s almost accurate. If one looks at the oldest scrolls in the Furude Shrine though, they will
find the truth. In actuality, I pretended to be a demon stirring the hatred in the villagers’ hearts. I
took up all of their sins and was killed by my own daughter to save the rest of the villagers. I then
ascended and became what you see now. Though, I’ve regressed to a more child-like state over the
centuries.”
Kiryu was stunned. He had no idea the goddess in front of him had such a history.
“My reward was to ascend to what one might call the realm of the gods. Somewhat ironic, right?
For what humanity deemed a demon, to become a god that has watched over them for the last
millennia.”
“I… I don’t know what to say.”
“You don’t need to say anything. That happened long ago, nothing can change it. What I want to
ask you is based on that information, what sounds the best to you? To live with those sins and try to
atone for the rest of your life, or kill yourself now and atone instantly while also becoming a god?”
Kiryu froze. What she was saying was something beyond what a human could comprehend.
“I don’t need an answer from you, but I need to know something. Do you realize the depths of
your sins?”
Time seemed to stop. Only then and now did Kiryu truly understand he was interacting with a deity.
Something so far beyond the real of humanity, it might drive one insane trying to fully understand
it.
“The betrayal of those closest to you. The fear and horror of everyone who knew you in
Hinamizawa and Kamurocho. The hatred and anger they felt for what you did, and how you got off
so easily. The confusion, denial, and disbelief your brother held for the rest of his life. The wrath
and loathing the remaining Sonozaki daughter held for you until the day she died. The

consequences of your actions, the fact that ultimately five children were dead because of your
actions.”
Kiryu couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t blink, he didn’t even believe he was truly alive and existing in
that moment. All he could do was listen to the divine being before him.
“I am not saying this to drag you down. It is simply the reality you have found yourself in.
Completely unfair, unforgiven, and undeserved on your part. And yet, it exists nonetheless. Not of
this world, but still remaining within you and in that world we left behind. No one there will ever
know the truth, and it will haunt what remains of you there as long as that world exists.”
Hanyuu looked at Kiryu with pity, a man that now seemed like the very essence of nothingness.
Just a shell listening to her every word.
“Do you know why I chose to sacrifice myself for everyone in that village, Kiryu? Even though
they hated and cursed me, I still offered my life to them. What would drive one to commit such a
selfless action?”
Her questions somewhat returned Kiryu to his senses, but only to the point he could barely ask,
“Why?”
“Because I wanted to change the world of man. This world demands sacrifices for those, who have
wronged others. I wanted to be a substitute for that. To become a being that could surpass
humanity, and give forgiveness without the need for sacrifices. And for that Kiryu, in the power of
my Name, I forgive you.”
The words rang through Kiryu’s head numerous times. Was what he was hearing reality? Did the
goddess truly mean what she said?”
“As I’ve observed humanity over the centuries, I’ve concluded there can exist a world without any
sacrifices, and without the need for a God to intervene. It would take a miracle to achieve, but I
believe I can do it with your help. The sins of yours are beyond the world of man and are up to
gods that have surpassed humans like me to forgive. I only ask that you help me create a world
where the sins confined to humanity can be forgiven by other humans without the need for
sacrifice.”
She lowered herself to the floor and held her hand out to Kiryu. “Will you help me do that along
with saving everyone, Kiryu?”
Even if he could not physically touch her, he reached out both of his hands and grasped where her
hand would be. He sunk to his knees, tears now streaming down his cheeks. “Yes, I will. I swear
it.”
Nothing more was said, and nothing more needed to be said. There that night in Hinamizawa, for
the first time in a millennia, true forgiveness had been given freely without the need for pain or
suffering from a god to one of mankind. As the man had done so to the girl before, so did the
goddess repay his actions by forgiving him and granting him the possibility of a peaceful future.

Chapter End Notes

Hey, no guarantees but I'll try to update this a bit more frequently. That's all, lol. Ty for
reading.

Chapter 22: Dragon Slaying Arc Bonus Chapter: Life Without
Living
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The year was 1988. Five years had passed since the Watanagashi of 1983, and the horrific events
that followed it. Even compared to the previous series of murders, it was unlike anything anyone
had ever seen. Every news outlet seemed to have covered it, and even half a decade later it was the
most common thing talked about in relation to the small town. Whatever good reputation
Hinamizawa had left, had vanished that night. Unlike the previous incidents however, there was an
identified killer. It was ruled a murder suicide with six victims in all.
A young CEO of a real estate company named Kiryu Kazuma was ruled as the murderer. There was
enough evidence to suggest he had done it. Blood of four of the five victims were found on him,
and the ways the victims had died leaned towards the man having done it using his bare hands. The
silver dragon tattoo on his back along with more research into his past quickly revealed ties to the
Yakuza, which further solidified the possibility of him being the criminal.
However, the whole case was rather bizarre. For one thing, the supposed murderer had died from
multiple stab and gunshot wounds. While the police had ruled it a murder suicide, there was
possible evidence he had been killed himself by one of the victims. A young girl by the name of
Rika Furude. She had been found dead, holding a gun with a knife next to her. Cause of death was a
shot through the head. Further investigation revealed her fingerprints had been on the knife and
gun. Had the girl possibly killed the man, and then killed herself?
Ultimately, whatever she had done didn’t matter. The case was complicated enough as is, and the
fact this crime had even happened in the first place was an awful look for the police. In an attempt
to save face, they quickly resolved the case and pinned it on the yakuza. Even if the girl had killed
him, she was now dead and there was no way she could have killed the other four victims
considering how they died.
For the police to even remotely consider that a pre-teen girl was a murderer and not a victim, much
less one that was near worshipped by the local people would have been catastrophically bad for
them. So it was brushed aside for a much more likely and reasonable story.
More details of the case leaked over time, and multiple conspiracies came out of it. Some thought it
was some final ritual of whatever horrific cult inhabited Hinamizawa, others thought maybe it was
a government cover up. Some even considered this was the result of Oyashiro itself, punishing the
evil denizes of the town. Nonetheless, the police would find themselves in good fortune.
That would end up being the last of the Watanagashi murders. It was also the last Watangashi to
have been held since then. With the heir of the Sonozaki Family and the last Furude being among
the victims, even the incredibly traditional residents of Hinamizawa could not bear to continue it. It
was now forever tainted with the blood of the victims, and no one dared suggesting to restart it out
of fear of the murders returning.
Within the last five years, about ⅓ of the residents have moved out. Some moved to Okinomiya
near by, others travelled much farther away. And with that came even more bizarre happenings. A

pattern emerged over time. Those who fled Hinamizawa seemed to change heavily. They either
often committed suicide some year or two after leaving, or would end up murdering someone else.
The already discriminated against residents were now nothing more than outcasts. The remaining
people in the town were mostly self-sufficient, but not a single soul had moved to the town. To say
the town had a bleak future would be an understatement.
We now turn our attention to a graveyard on the outskirts of Tokyo. There stood a gravestone with
the name “KIRYU KAZUMA” etched into the stone. It was heavily vandalized with multiple
messages saying things such as “Murderer!”, “Go to Hell!”, etc.
There stood a lone man in front of it. He looked to be in his late 20s, maybe early 30s. He was tall,
and wore a white suit jacket with a black dress shirt and black slacks. His hair was sleeked back,
and he looked he hadn’t slept in days, possibly years. He looked down at the gravestone with a mix
of emotions, mostly numbness.
No one else was around. After some time, he began to speak to himself in a low tone. “Well, Kiryu.
It’s been five years. I don’t know where the time went, but here we are. The Tojo is doing ok. Not
as well as it could be and there are fears for the future, but not everything is bad. I finally became
the leader of a family last year, and I have good people under me. Just three currently, but they get
the job done. You have to start somewhere, right?”
He paused for a few seconds, and then continued. “Y’know, I really do wonder what happened to
you. I know what everyone says, I know what even Dad said. I know what he said on his deathbed
last year. That it was his fault, and that he should have never brought you into the Yakuza. I don’t
care what anyone says.”
“I know you didn’t do it. You were set up, framed, or something. But I know damn well you didn’t
do it.” He began to tear up slightly. “There’s no way you could have. I was the only person in
contact with you those last few days, and I know something was up with you. Someone or
something drove you to this. This wasn’t you. I… I refuse to believe it was you even now.”
He wiped a tear from his eye weighed down by black bags underneath. “I’m sorry, bro. I told
myself I wouldn’t get emotional. I don’t know if you can even hear me, maybe I’m just still in
denial even now. Maybe this is just my way of coping with something I’ll never truly be able to
understand. I…”
His voice trailed off. He stood there for a few minutes staring vacantly at the resting place of his
once friend. “... I don’t know anymore, Kiryu. The last five years I’m not even sure how much I’ve
been living. You broke your promise and left me, and now so has Dad. What’s the point in being a
successful yakuza, when for all the power, money, and women I’ve attained I still feel nothing. ”
“... I’ve not felt anything I think, since that day. Only exception being with Dad passing. However,
as horrible as it is to say, it was… nothing compared to…”
He cut himself off again. “Sorry, I know you’d probably punch me, if I said anything else about
Dad. I just… what do I do Kiryu? Do I quit the Yakuza and live an honest life like you did? Can I
even do that at this point? Do I have… any hope of finding any sort of happiness?”
No answer came. As much as the man maybe wanted one, the dead could not speak to the living.
After some time, he found himself softly laughing. Not to anyone in particular, it was just a pathetic
attempt to console himself. What am I doing? It doesn’t matter how often I come here or try to find

answers. It’s really fucking sad I can’t move past this. They say time heals all wounds. How many
more years is it going to take to heal mine?
He paused when he noticed someone else had entered the graveyard. It looked to be a young
woman in her late teens or early 20s. She had long green hair, and wore a black dress. She wore a
black funeral hat, and seemed to fit right in with the scenery. He assumed she was there to visit a
friend or relative, and figured he had stayed long enough and did not want to intrude on her
personal time.
He was about to leave, when he realized she was walking right towards him. The hat made her
expression hard to make out, but it seemed somber to him. She was some ten feet away when she
stopped, and looked straight at him. She asked him a simple, but unexpected question. “Did you
know that man?”
The man was unsure how to answer. He had visited his friend’s grave many times, but this was the
first time he had ever had company. “P-pardon?”
“Did you know that man?” She repeated in a monotone voice.
“... Yes, who are you?”
The woman did not reply. She simply stood still, and the man was not 100% sure if she was a
human or perhaps a spirit that had decided to speak with him. Finally, she spoke. “Just someone
who wonders. Wonders why I trusted the man behind you. The one who took everything from me,
and had the audacity to leave as well.”
The man was stunned, to say the least. “W-who are you?!” He said, unintentionally raising his
voice.
“... My name doesn’t matter. I just happened to be nearby, and wanted to ask a few questions, since
you seemed to have known him well.”
“Are… are you related to one of the victims?”
She didn’t answer. She ignored him, and continued her questions. “Do you know why he did what
he did?”
This woman frustrated the man, but he controlled his temper. He figured for now it was best to just
answer. “No, I don’t. I… I don’t even think he did it, truthfully.”
At this, the girl finally changed her expression. Her mouth remained closed, but up close you could
tell she was gritting her teeth. “Bullshit,” she said in a soft tone.
“W-what?”
“BULLSHIT!!” The girl had ripped off her funeral mask, and stared at the man. Whatever
expression he thought he had saw had completely disappeared, and all that remained was a furious,
heartbroken girl. To his shock, she pulled out a gun and aimed it right at him.
“W-woah! Hang on! What are you doing?!” The man asked frantically.
“Something I should have done a long time ago,” she said in a deep, threatening voice. “It’s
because of you…. because of you…”

She couldn’t even speak coherently with how much she was shaking from rage. “They’re all dead
because of you!”
She began to walk towards him, gun in hand. The man tried to back away a few steps, but ended up
tripping and falling on his back. Before he knew it, the girl was right above him aiming right at his
head.
“Don’t you dare say he didn’t do it! I know you sent him to Hinamizawa! I know it was you, who
gave him the idea! Don’t you fucking dare say it wasn’t his or your fault!!”
The man wasn’t sure how, but the girl had found out the origin of all this. A night, the man had
regretted for the last five years. He wished he had never spoken about that cursed town to him.
Maybe Kiryu would still be with him, and they could be happy together. That was just a wish
though, and the cruel state of things was all too real.
In truth, he always blamed himself. Unfairly of course, it wasn’t him that had murdered the
children. Still though, he had sent Kiryu there to Hinamizawa, and he loathed himself since then.
He had had nightmares of a situation like this happening. Someone killing him to avenge the
victims.
And yet, to be in that situation right now, he felt almost peaceful. He wasn’t that different from his
brother at the end of the day. If the girl in front of him so decided to pull the trigger, he would not
complain. For in his mind, maybe this was the only way he atone.
He looked at the girl with a mix of understanding and acceptance. “Go ahead, pull the trigger.”
At this, the girl was fazed. She had expected the man to beg for her to not kill him, maybe bribe
her, or even put up a fight. All she saw though, was a man that looked dead inside. Perhaps more so
than her. She had come ready to do whatever it took to kill him. A sibling for a sibling, and yet she
found herself unable to even hold the gun correctly.
“I… I really will shoot! Do you hear me?!” The man did not respond, but simply nodded his head.
He closed his eyes and waited for the bullet to be shot. What was just a few seconds felt like an
eternity for the both of them. After what seemed like eons, the girl slowly but surely lowered her
gun. The man opened his eyes to see she had dropped it to the ground.
“... Why?” That was all the girl could muster to say. Tears stained her cheeks, and she didn’t know
what to do with herself. “Why? You know him better than anyone, right? Please tell me why? Why
did he betray me and kill Sis? Why did he kill Keiichi, Rena, Rika, and Sa… Sa-!”
At this, the girl lost control of her emotions. She fell to her kness, and bawled. The man did not
move. He could do nothing, but stare back at her. Wishing he had the answers. Wishing she had put
him out of his misery. After a long silence, he finally spoke. Perhaps out of obligation to her, or just
for himself. He said, “I don’t know.”
The girl looked up at him, her vision blurry from tears. The man continued. “I have no answers for
you, and I don’t think I ever will. All we can do is… just live on. Continue to live for them, or else
they died for nothing. I wish I were dead. I wish you had shot me then and there, but… I suppose
Kiryu would hate me for that.”
The quiet enveloped the two again, and after some time the girl spoke up. “Do you truly believe he
didn’t do it?”

“... I don’t know. I just know… something drove him to this. And it drives me insane that despite
my best efforts, I’ve found nothing. Nothing, nothing, and still nothing. I don’t expect you to
believe me, but… I hope you can find peace someday”
The girl didn’t reply. She just stood up, grabbed the gun and hat, and turned around. She took a few
paces, and then said one final thing. “There is no peace for me to have anymore. I will live for
them, but that’s all I can do. Maybe once I’m dead I’ll finally find it. Maybe once you’re dead, and
rot along with him I can find it that way. Maybe once the whole Tojo has been buried will its many
victims find peace. All I know is that I never want to see your face again. Go to Hell, you bastard.”
And that was that. That was the last time either of them saw each other. The girl never did give the
man his name, but it wasn’t hard to tell she was Shion Sonozaki. A woman that had lost everything,
and was still going downhill in life. She was a regular alcoholic by then, and one day a few years
later she died from a fall. She was drunk on a balcony, had for some reason gotten on top of it, lost
her footing, and fell forty feet to her gruesome death.
Even if her life was tragic, she still got her wish in a way. The man was named Akira Nishikiyama,
and had died in prison some five years later. He had killed his own boss committing patricide. They
found his body one morning with twenty different stab wounds. The Tojo’s strength continued to
diminish, and after a major war with the Omi Alliance it found itself a shell of its former self.
Eventually, it was disbanded and the thousands of members joined the Omi, some other criminal
orginization, or tried to live on the straight or narrow.
As for Hinamizawa, it did remain. While it heavily struggled for many years, it eventually was able
to recover its reputation somewhat. A handful of people moved in, and the town would eventually
become something similar to its prime. The Watanagashi would stay dead however, and truth be
told it was probably for the best. For several decades to come, people would still fear the curse of
Oyashiro. In some ways, it still existed with the many incidences concerning ex-residents. Time
would go on, and eventually even that final Watangashi would be forgotten by most people. But
nothing would ever truly erase the scars of that night.

Chapter End Notes

Hey, finally getting back to this. I won't ever abandon this, but again I have literally no upload
schedule. Will try to get back to this a bit more though, life just been crazy. Hope this wasn't
like too depressing, and I think this is the only time I'll do something like this. I just wanted to
explore what life might be like for those who remained in one of the past fragments, and I felt
after the end of last chapter this was a good spot to put it. Anyways, ty for reading as always.

Chapter 23: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 5: New Obstacles
While Kiryu had been busy with things that afternoon, the kids were heading home for the day.
There were no club activities today, as Mion had declared today was a break day. In a few hours,
the sun would disappear from the horizon. The chorus of the higurashi played as always. Things
may change between loops, but this was a constant throughout every version of the ancient town.
Alas, listen to it for over a century and it becomes nothing more than background noise. That was
the only thing Rika heard as she walked down the path. There was no time for bantering with her
friends, as she considered her and Kiryu’s next plan. Not that anything was actually coming to
mind, much to her annoyance.
She sighed internally. It turns out trying everything tends to dull your creativity a bit.
“Please don’t fret, Rika! We’ll figure this out with Kiryu’s help,” Hanyuu said assuringly.
Yeah, that’s the plan.
Rika gazed at Hanyuu, and seemed more flustered than usual. Everything ok, Hanyuu?
Hanyuu nodded, if half-heartedly. “Yeah, it’s just… do you think Kiryu dislikes me?”
No, it’s just you. You two HAVE just met, and I doubt he’s ever dealt with ghosts before.
“I-I’m not a ghost. I’m a goddess!”
Uhuh, and when was the last time anyone other than me interacted with you that wasn’t dealing
with the syndrome?
Hanyuu had no retort, and found herself silenced.
Rika decided she had bullied Hanyuu enough, and gave a slight smile. Seriously, he’ll definitely
warm up to you. Just give him some time. This is only normal for me cuz I’ve known you my whole
life.
Hanyuu took a deep breath in and out. “Ok, I’ll visit him tonight. I’ll need to be the messenger
between you two, anyways.”
More like the errand girl.
“Oh, Rika!”
The conversation suddenly stopped, when Mion piped up. “Hey Rika, Satoko. Do you guys mind if
I come over for a little while? I wanted to talk about a… collaboration,” she said with a sly smile.
For as familiar as Rika thought she was with what usually happened in each loop, new things this
loop and last kept cropping up and catching her off guard. She hesitated to answer. I really don’t
have the time for this. I could get away with saying no, if she hadn’t asked for Satoko’s involvement
here, too.
“What did you have in mind?” Satoko asked, beating Rika to the punch.

Mion put a finger to her lips, as if she was shushing them. ‘It’s a secret,” she said in a near whisper.
“It’s just between us three.”
Rena tilted her head. “Mii, what is this all about? Huh?”
Keiichi squinted his eyes. “Knowing her, it’s something evil.”
Mion faced them, with a mischievous look in her eyes. “Sorry, you’ll just have to find out when we
do it.”
Rena’s eyes lit up. “Ooh, is this for the club? Is it?”
Keiichi smirked. “Of course, it is. When is she not plotting some new scheme to do us in?”
Mion wagged a finger back and forth. “Nope, not saying a word. Just wait and see.”
“Aw, that’s no fair,” Rena pouted.
Keiichi shrugged. “Whatever it is, you’d best just give us your all. Between the three of you, you’d
better create the best challenge we’ve ever seen.”
Mion gave a confident thumbs-up. “You can count on me.”
Both Keiichi and Rena then waved goodbye and went on their way home. The three of them now
alone, Satoko couldn’t hold in her curiosity any longer. “Ok seriously Mion, what is this all about?”
“Hang on, let’s get to your house first. Then, I’ll spill the details,” Mion said, winking.
Satoko sighed, and Rika was still pondering what this could all be about. I just hope Kiryu doesn’t
mind helping me with this as well.
~~~~
After a short walk, the trio had arrived at the girls’ home. It was rather miniscule compared to the
mansion the Sonozaki family had. Somewhat fitting considering the bitter history between the
Hojos and the Sonozakis. None of that was to be found here, though. There was only friendship and
love here among the youngest of both families.
Of course, the irony wasn’t lost on Mion. She was well aware of her family’s actions. It was why
she did everything in her power to help them. She created the club to give Satoshi a sanctuary away
from his abusive home, and now she was hoping to do the same for Satoko. That even with her
brother gone, she would be able to find happiness one day. Or at the least, a distraction from harsh
memories.
“Alright, what is this super secret project you want us involved in?” Satoko asked, her patience
running thin.
“Meep, I’m curious, too,” Rika added.
Mion looked around, pretending she was about to share the biggest secret in the world. She leaned
forward, and beckoned them both to come closer. “It’s something for the club.”
“Really?” Rika asked, faking a shocked expression.

Satoko wasn’t up for the charades, and was unamused. “Of course, it’s obvious as can be.”
Mion grinned. “Maybe, but I bet you didn’t expect to be the main star of the show.” She said this
pointing right at Satoko.
At this, Satoko’s eyes lit up. “I… am?”
“What if I told you, you could get to create an ‘obstacle course’ for P.E. class? Kiryu and myself
will also help you. You can use most of your traps. And we can do it as soon as tomorrow
morning?”
Both girls had their minds blown, if for different reasons. Rika stayed silent, as the dots connected
in her head. … Is this because of how Satoko acted today?
Meanwhile, Satoko went from being stunlocked to gradual excitement to a face that was bursting
with joy. “Really?! I can do that?! Kiryu actually got the principal to agree to this?!”
“Well, I haven’t heard a reply from him yet, but it’s Kiryu. Of course, he’ll convince him.”
“Was this Kiryu’s idea?” Rika inquired.
“Sorta,” Mion replied. “You could say it was a collaborative effort,” she answered.
Satoko couldn’t contain herself. “Where are we making this? How soon can we start? Can we go
shopping and get some stuff? How crazy of traps can I make? Huh? Huh?”
“W-woah, Satoko! One question at a time, please. I can’t answer that quickly.”
Satoko felt slightly embarrassed she had gotten that excitable, and it didn’t help Rika was laughing
at her game of 20 questions. Thus, she reverted back to her prim and proper lady persona. “Ehem!
Anyways, what did you have in mind?”
“It’s simple! Kiryu is doing the shopping tonight, and will be gathering all the necessary tools we’ll
need. We’ll have to wake up super early tomorrow, and head to the school. We’ll be setting this up
behind the school, and as for the traps…”
Mion contemplated how to address her enthusiastic prankster of a friend. “Er, not to spoil your fun,
Satoko. We do have a lot of young kids, and the last thing I want is for someone to get hurt. I mean,
you’re the trap expert here. I’m sure you can strike some balance between too easy and the more
hardcore ones you leave out for poor Kiryu.”
Satoko nodded. “Don’t worry, I already have some… fun in mind.” A mischievous smirk crossed
Satoko’s face. One Mion had seen several times, but this time it seemed particularly devious. Even
restrained, Satoko was still a monster. And here she was releasing the beast out on the field to trap
its prey.
Really though, she was just wondering if Satoko knew the definition of “holding back” considering
how the club games usually went. “Alright! Seems we have a plan. Would you mind helping us,
Rika? I know it’s gonna be pretty early for you.”
“Of course, I’ll help. What are friends for? Nipah!” In reality, the girl had had far more sleepless
nights than she cared to admit. Waking a few hours earlier than usual wasn’t that bad for her old
young bones.

“By the way, Mion… um… “ Satoko sheepishly spoke up.
“Yes, Satoko?
“Thank you.”
It was just two words, but it was more than enough to fill Mion with a warmth in her heart. “Aw,
it’s nothing. You don’t need to thank me.”
“No seriously, thank you,” Satoko said, more adamantly this time. “I really appreciate all you do
for us.”
Mion smiled, and rubbed Satoko’s head. “Don’t thank me just yet. You’re gonna be the key to all of
this, so I’ll need you out there giving it your best and then some!”
Satoko’s eyes sparkled. “Oh Mion, you don’t even need to say that. Never underestimate my ability
to make a spectacle.”
Rika had been mostly quiet this whole time, but then asked an unexpected question. “Would you
like to stay for dinner, Mion?”
While rare, the three had eaten dinner together before. Never at the Sonozaki house, but there
wasn’t a need for that. The three were just as well happy eating in that small abode. Unsurprisingly,
Mion said yes. “It’s been a while, since I’ve had you two’s cooking. Let’s have ourselves some
good freaking food!”
The three soon found themselves working away in the kitchen. Mion and Satoko continued to chat
coming up with potential ideas for how to set up the obstacle course from Hell. Rika stayed silent,
but she wasn’t feeling left out. In fact, she was smiling. A natural smile that she rarely had the
privilege of wearing.
I know I probably don’t have the time for this. That Kiryu and I should be doubly focusing on
efforts on what we can do now. … But honestly, this isn’t the worst idea. Kiryu can grow closer to
Mion, and just maybe we can get something from this. And honestly, I want to see that smile on
Satoko’s face for as long as it will last. Call me selfish, but even if we fail again this loop… I’ll be
satisfied at least seeing her happy in this world briefly. I just hope we can make this the final one.
~~~~
After more tears shed than Kiryu cared to admit, his newfound goddess friend gave him all the
details of what the girls had decided on. A not amazing, but still decent night’s rest awaited him.
Unfortunately, so did his alarm clock blaring at 4 a.m. Unlike Rika, Kiryu never could get quite
used to waking up super early. Getting drunk at Serena with Nishiki during his yakuza days, and
waking up with a nasty hangover past 10:00 wasn’t exactly uncommon. Even as a CEO, he woke
up later than probably most did.
Groggy, cranky, tired, and desperately wanting more sleep, he pushed it all aside knowing it would
be worth it for the task he was going to undertake today. A task he was starting to realize he was
possibly biting off more than he could chew for. Kiryu was incredibly strong, but carrying all those
bags off supplies to the school wasn’t exactly appealing. Didn’t help he only had time for a quick
shower, and no breakfast.

Within 20 minutes he was ready to go. Today is the big day. The big day I… only got started on
yesterday for.
Kiryu squinted at his questionable phrasing. Ah, whatever. I’d best just get going.
As he gathered his things, he began to ponder. I know I’m mostly leaving this up to Satoko, but
shouldn’t I have maybe come up with something too? ... Well, not that I’d know the first thing about
creating traps. I’m sure she’ll be fine.
As he left the house and locked the door, he lifted up the numerous bags for today’s project. Ugh,
these didn’t feel as heavy yesterday as they do now. It was still pitch dark out, so he had also
brought a flashlight. Turning it on, he gazed around his surroundings.
While Kiryu wasn't really expecting anything dangerous, he knew how suspicious it was to be
leaving his house this early. For once, it wasn’t something deadly secret, but he still feared a group
of Mountain Dogs ambushing him like the last loop.
Across the forest behind his house and the path up ahead, he surveyed for any signs of danger.
Thankfully, none were found. At least, none Kiryu could see. Lovely, I can start my day off without
any BS for once.
He had walked no less than a minute from his house, when his eyes caught something. Something
that had briefly shined from his light. As he approached though, he quickly realized something felt
off.
He scanned his surroundings very carefully, making sure that he could react quickly, if needed. He
once again, found nothing. He aimed the flashlight towards where he had seen the flash, and sure
enough it sparked again.
Right next to the spot, were a few pairs of footsteps. That alone would not have meant much.
However, as Kiryu reached down for the object and picked it up, he felt an unnatural chill cascade
along his spine.
On the ground, he had found a Sonozaki Family pin. It wasn’t particularly dirty, it looked even
clean. As if, the mild amount of dirt had only gotten on it recently. The most concerning part was
the fact Kiryu had found this not even 100 ft away form his house.
… Was someone spying on me from here? Did they leave after seeing my lights come on? I would
most certainly expect someone from the Mountain Dogs, so why is it someone from the Sonozaki
family? Did I screw up and somehow caught their suspicion, or… is there something or someone
else at play here?
Kiryu sighed, almost wishing he hadn't seen it. So much for the "starting the day without any BS"
idea.

Chapter 24: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 6: Ye Olde Traps
It was a little past 4:30 a.m. As Kiryu headed for the school, he kept his senses sharp and his
flashlight ready. The last thing he wanted was to get ambushed; he was already uneasy. As he
lugged the bags full of supplies across the sleepy town, he became aware of how absurd his
situation must look. It’s for Satoko, it’s for Satoko.
He repeated that the whole way to encourage himself. Before he knew it, he had arrived at the
school. I hope I’m not too early. We did say around 4:30, but that is rather early for the kids. As he
walked to the back of the school, he was surprised to see Mion, Rika, and Satoko waiting for him.
“It’s about time you got here!” Satoko said, eager to start. Both Kiryu and Rika gestured to quiet
down. She covered her mouth but still wore her trademark adorable smile. “Hehe, sorry. Nearly
forgot this was supposed to be a secret.”
Kiryu nodded and put down the various materials. As he did, he noticed Mion and the other girls
had brought their fair share of stuff. “I hope none of you spent too much on all you got there. I
wasn’t quite sure what we were using, so I just bought a ton of everything based on what I’ve seen
Satoko use. It should cover whatever we need.”
Mion shook her head. “I appreciate your help, Kiryu. However, there is an art to this. One Satoko
has mastered. Everything we got here came from her brain, and a handful of traps on the mountains
we gathered and have repurposed.”
Kiryu paused. “On the… mountains?”
“Oh, did we never tell you? Satoko only got so good at making these, because she practiced all the
time up there. It’s practically a minefield up there. Most of us went up there once, and had to wait
on Satoko to get us out… Not our proudest moment.”
Both Rika and Satoko giggled, and Kiryu awkwardly forced a laugh. He was grateful he had never
found himself up there, lest he die far sooner than he had last loop.
“How much time do we have?” Rika asked.
“Probably around two to three hours,” Kiryu confirmed. “With the four of us though, we should be
fine. Everyone has a flashlight, correct?”
The girls nodded and held them up. “Alright then, let’s get to work.”
~~~~
It was around noon. Kiryu was resting in the lounge. It had taken a lot of hard work and sweat, but
they had gotten it done just in time. If it wasn’t for Satoko’s management and instructions, they
never would have finished. Of course, they weren’t able to do everything and it was the definition
of amateur, but it was enough. Certainly, more than enough for what would usually be found in that
town.
Kiryu glanced at the door as Chie came inside. Her expression was a mix of confusion and concern.
“Kiryu, do you have a moment?”

“Of course, what’s the issue?”
“Erm, it’s not an issue, per se. I know you got Kaieda’s approval, it’s just… um, how do I put it?”
“Ah, that. I apologize, I should have filled you in yesterday. I know that must have been
unexpected.”
“Oh, that’s ok. Kaieda filled me in, as soon as I got here. It’s just… this is safe, right?”
“Of course. Don’t worry, these aren’t like Satoko’s regular traps. They’re 100% kid-safe.” …
Mostly, at least. I know she’s saved “those” for her fellow club members.
Chie narrowed her eyes. “You are SURE they are safe?”
“I’m positive. I helped make it, and very carefully followed Satoko’s instructions.”
“... Shouldn’t the roles be swapped? I figured you helped, but were mostly supervising it.”
“It’s more like… Satoko taught me how to make the traps. I asked her multiple questions just to
make sure each one was safe, and she even gave demonstrations on some. At worst, it will be the
standard stuff for the club ONLY for the club.”
That last sentence allowed Chie to finally relax. “Alright, I trust you. I’ll accompany you to your
P.E. class today, just in case.”
“Feel free. I hope you’ll enjoy it. See you shortly.”
Chie nodded and closed the door. Kiryu leaned back in his chair. He felt tired. Not as exhausted as
he was in the last loop, but when he thought about it a ton had happened in less than two weeks. He
was just happy to finally be doing something relatively normal for once. The image of that
Sonozaki pin slithered into his mind. He sighed and tried to get it out of his head.
Don’t worry about it now. Whatever is up with that won’t be an issue until after school is done. For
now, just focus.
He repeated those words to himself a few times until he calmed down. Before he knew it, time had
passed and his class would start soon. “Now or never,” he told himself.
~~~~
As the students met behind the school, the sight waiting for them was astonishing to put it lightly.
Before them was a vast obstacle course. Some of the older students recognized this as Satoko’s
doing. Who else would be able to come up with something like this? In front of them stood Kiryu,
Mion, Rika, and of course, Satoko.
Kiryu would be the one to start speaking. “Attention, Class! We have a very special exercise today.
As you can see, we have an obstacle course created by our wonderfully talented Satoko Hojo, and
the help of Mion, Rika, and myself.”
The students clapped in awe. “You guys all really made this? Really?” Rena inquired.
“I told you they were up to something,” Keiichi said. Though, this is pretty big even by Mion’s
standards. They really went all out.

“Anyways, Class,” Kiryu continued. “The rules are simple. Get to the end of the course, while
avoiding getting caught by the various traps. Please pay attention to what I talk about next. As for
the details of each trap…” Kiryu would go on to give a lengthy explanation for each of the traps.
There wasn’t a ton, but just enough it did seem daunting to some of the students.
“Myself and Satoko will be the judges. Also, the club members should know that each one of you
will be taking specific routes separate from the other kids. While Mion and Rika did help with
creating the course, we have made sure every club member gets a unique trap they aren’t aware of
regardless of whether they were helping or not. As for the rest of you, good luck. May the best
player win!”
And with that, they were off.
~~~~
To say the course was chaotic was an understatement. No one had gotten injured, but after a few
minutes, most of the students were already out. Only about ten including the four other club
members remained. Kiryu avoided Chie’s glance, as it had become quickly apparent Satoko’s
definition of “easy” was still decently challenging. He bent down to Satoko and whispered to her,
“Should we have maybe gone with some more basic traps?”
Satoko shook her head and smirked. “Now where would be the fun in that? This is no obstacle
course, this is survival of the fittest. Only the best will emerge victorious.”
“Yeah, but… a few of the youngest kids are no more than seven.”
“Oh, don’t worry. They’ll learn in due time.”
Kiryu sighed, realizing there was no use in arguing. He had followed Satoko’s instructions to a tee.
He could only blame himself for not considering this might be too difficult.
“Relax,” Satoko said. “There’s still one-third of the class in, and we’re about to see the more…
unique traps.” A wily grin crossed her face.
Keiichi was indeed about to approach his personally made trap. While he was not aware of its
location, his keen anti-Satoko senses were kicking in. This balance beam is way too suspicious.
There’s nothing around it, which knowing Satoko…
He approached it carefully, keeping an eye out for anything suspicious. As he stepped on it, he
confidently smiled. Do you think I’ll fall for your typical pitfall traps? Well, you’re wrong, Satoko!
As he got off the balance beam, he gently tapped his foot on the ground around him. After a
thorough search, he began to walk. I’m almost near the finish!
Just as he thought that he ended up slipping. “Woah!” He fell onto the hard earth below on his side.
“Ow, ow, ow, what did I-?” Before he could finish his question, he saw it. Of all the things he
slipped on, it was a banana peel. One covered in dirt and hidden among the grass, but a peel
nonetheless. He facepalmed. You have GOT to be kidding me.
“Hahahaha! Your fault for not being careful, Kei!” Mion taunted. She wasn’t cocky enough though,
to ignore the fact she hadn’t encountered her trap yet. Kiryu and Satoko did say for me and Rika to
leave right before we finished … where could they have put it? The pressure was on. Mion had
come up with this idea, and it would be rather embarrassing if she didn’t win.

She took a deep breath in preparation. “Let’s do this.” Not one, not two, but three traps she cleared
with ease. She did have the advantage of helping to prepare them, but it still took skill to navigate
them as elegantly as she did.
“Huh, seems like Mion might win,” Kiryu predicted.
“Mmm, we’ll see,” Satoko said, ominously.
Things were looking good for Mion. She had navigated the last few traps with ease. The finish line
was right in sight. She knew better than to rush towards it. She knew Satoko had probably placed a
trap somewhere right before the end. There was no way she had already avoided it. Think. Think.
Where is it at? It was then she noticed it. A small area of mud was standing between her and the
finish line.
Aha! I know your tricks, Satoko. Confident she had avoided a terrible fate, she cautiously moved
towards the mud puddle. Around it, she went, and it seemed she had won. Or so she thought. As
she was about to win, her foot caught on a trip wire and she lost her balance. She yelped as she
tried to regain it, but it was no use. Before she knew it she was falling backwards right into the mud
she had desperately avoided.
A small splash was heard, and that was the end of poor Mion’s run. She wasn’t upset, though. She
wasn’t fond of now having a bunch of mud in her hair, but she chuckled to herself. Damn it, she’s
too good.
In the meanwhile, Rena was near the finish herself. She was even sharper than Mion and had easily
avoided all the traps thus so far. However, she had been stuck on the final trap for a few minutes
now. It wasn’t obscured like the others. It was extremely obvious even to the youngest students.
It was a typical bait trap. A box held up by a stick with a old, but charming doll right below it. The
type Rena adored so much. The one she was fighting her every fiber to not go diving towards. “I
have to resist it. I have to resist it.” She had been repeating those words under her breath for the last
minute trying to convince herself. Alas, it was for not.”
Her expression turned enamored with the doll. “Hauuuuu! I can’t resist!” She didn’t dive as more
flung herself towards the doll to grab it. Like a predator pouncing on her prey, the result was selfexplanatory.
Kiryu sighed. “Did you have to give her the hardest trap for her to get past?”
Satoko shrugged. “You can’t underestimate Rena. She’s one of the smartest and most observant
people I know. I figured this was a fair trade.”
“Fair enough. It seems Rika is the last one left.”
Indeed, she was. The rest of the kids had fallen victim to one trap or another. She hadn’t been as
fast as the others, but in truth, she was more than experienced enough to tackle this course. She
knew Satoko perhaps better than she knew herself. That was why, when she came to the final trap
she was a little surprised.
It was a trap extremely similar to the one that had caught Rena. Except, instead of a doll was a
bowl of curry. One that was stale and cold by now, but still could be classified as “edible”. What in
the world is she planning?

“Be careful, Rika” Hanyuu pleaded.
I know, I know. Don’t worry, nothing will go wroBefore she could finish, Chie was approaching the trap. She appeared to be in a trance, utterly
hypnotized by the curry. Kiryu was about to call out to her, but Satoko held up her hand. “Wait for
it…” Not even Kiryu had helped with this trap, so he had no idea what was about to happen. He felt
it was a bit unfair to involve Chie in this. Sorry, Chie. You can only blame yourself if you get caught
up in this.
Sure enough, she got on her knees and reached out for the bowl. “Cuuurrrrrryyyyy,” she said to
herself. Drool nearly left her mouth. The trap activated, and Chie was broken out of her trance. She
panicked a bit, wondering how she had somehow gotten a box on her head. “Wuh?! What
happened?!”
Everyone chuckled at the sight of the poor teacher. Even Kiryu had to look away and stifle a laugh.
Rika herself was quite amused. That was certainly entertaining if nothing else. Her mind distracted,
she walked forward… right into a pitfall trap. “Meep!” Her cry would not save her. She had fallen
right into Satoko’s trap.
“A-are you ok, Rika?!” Hanyuu asked. As the dust settled, Rika sat up. Her clothes, face, and hair
were covered in dirt. And yet, she found herself chuckling. Even after 100 years, you still find new
ways to surprise me, Satoko. “You got me, nipah!”
And that marked the end of the Great Satoko Trap Obstacle Course. And with that end came not a
single winner. And yet, no one minded it. It was one of the most fun events the class had done in
some time. No winners meant also no losers. Except for Satoko, of course. She was having the time
of her life.
~~~~
After some time using the showers to wash off what dirt and mud the students could, they gathered
back together as a group. Kiryu cleared his throat and began to address them. “Well then, I hope
you all enjoyed today. I recognize that could have gone a little… smoother, but all in all, I’d say
that was a success. You had the opportunity to test your motor skills and face a rather unique
challenge all around. Even your teacher got in on the action…”
The class giggled causing Chie to blush. “W-well, I’m happy I was able to make this event
memorable. … Though, I would prefer a WARNING next time we do something like this.”
Technically, Chie had gotten herself trapped, but Kiryu was not about to say that to her face. Lest
he ignite the wrath of the Curry Demoness. “O-of course, duly noted. Anyways, Class. P.E. is over.
Go change back into your school outfits, and get ready for homeroom.”
“Yes, Sir!” The students answered. As they began to disperse, a familiar girl had just arrived. “Oho!
What did you do today, Kiryu?” Shion asked as she approached Kiryu. “It seems you went all out,
today.”
“Oh, hi Shion. Yeah, we had this whole obstacle course prepared for class today. Me, Rika, Satoko,
and your Sis helped make it this morning. … Real early in the morning, if you can’t tell by the bags
on my eyes.”

“And no one invited me?!”
Kiryu was mildly confused. “Mion didn’t tell you about it? I figured you were just busy with work
or something, and couldn’t come in today.”
Shion’s expression went from confused to annoyed, and she did not attempt to hide it. “No… she
didn’t.”
“O-oh…”
An awkward silence cropped up. After nearly a minute, Shion spoke firmly. “I see. It seems I need
to have a talk with my beloved Sister.”
Shion was about to leave, but Kiryu called after her. “W-wait!” Shion looked back, her face clearly
stating she wasn’t in the mood to talk. And certainly, she didn’t reply. Kiryu could feel the tension
in the air. “Please don’t be harsh on your sister. I’m sure she had a reason. Maybe she just forgot?”
Shion narrowed her eyes and then looked away. “No, Sis isn’t the type to forget stuff.
ESPECIALLY stuff like this.”
“I… suppose so. I apologize, I would have called you about it if I had your number.” Technically,
Kiryu did from the last loop, but he couldn’t just say that.
“It’s fine, you have nothing to apologize for. I’m sure Sis has her reasons. I just want to clarify
some stuff. I’ll be leaving now, have a nice day.”
That creeping sense of unease wormed its way back into Kiryu’s mind. Please, oh please let this
not end badly.

Chapter 25: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 7: Confronting Secrets
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Ugh, this is taking forever to get out,” Mion said softly to herself. As long as her hair was, it
wasn’t easy getting out a bunch of mud. It was to the point it looked more crusty brown than her
natural green. After some time though, she did eventually get it all out and changed clothes back
into her regular school uniform.. She also found herself being the last student remaining. Crap, I’d
best get back. This is taking too long.
She was about to leave when she turned to face her reflection. Well, at least she would be with a
slight change of clothes and hairstyle. And preferably to Mion, a much less sour expression. “Oh,
Shion. What brings you here?”
Shion remained silent with a judgemental scowl as if to say Mion knew already.
And she did. Mion tried to keep up the smile, but it became clear quickly Shion wasn’t in the mood
for such roundabout antics. Mion sighed and avoided eye contact with her sister. “It’s about Satoko,
isn’t it?”
Shion held her scowl. “Of course, it is. What the hell is going on here?”
Mion held her hands up, attempting to defuse the situation. “Woah, it was just something me and
Kiryu cooked up to cheer up Satoko. I mean, she loved it. It’s just… um… “
“What? That you forgot to invite me? Not you. You never forget these sorts of things.”
“There’s a first for everything?” Mion answered sheepishly.
Shion took a few steps forward and slammed her hand against the wall. Not loud enough that
anyone but the two could hear, but certainly enough that it caused Mion to flinch. “Don’t give me
that bullshit! I do everything I can to help Satoko! I make sure she eats right. I make sure she gets
her medicine every day. I make sure she’s not feeling lonely and… “
Shion cut herself off, not wanting to remember a painful memory. “Anyways, I care for her so
deeply. I’d do anything for her. I’m certainly not upset that she enjoyed today. I’m upset because
you decided to come up with something to help Satoko, and you didn’t even consult me! You didn’t
even invite me! And I know you know damn well how I was going to react when I found out.”
Mion remained silent, not that she was able to get a word in regardless. “So what’s the deal, huh?!
Do you think I’d just not notice? No, you did this intentionally. And you better have a good reason
for it, or I swear… just…”
Her voice lowered, and she was starting to simmer down. ‘I just don’t get it, Sis. It’s not like a
super big deal, but you know how important stuff like this is to me. Did I upset you somehow or-”
“No,” Mion interrupted. She was now locking eyes with Shion. “I did this because…”
Her voice trailed off, leaving Shion irritated again. “Because what?”

“... Because you’ve been overbearing on Satoko lately.”
Shion froze. If anyone else had said it she probably would have torn into them, but for her sister to
say it meant a lot more.
Mion sighed. “I’m sorry, I should have just come out and said this earlier, but I didn’t want to hurt
your feelings. However, I need to say this for both you and Satoko’s sake. You need to give her a
bit more space.”
Shion was now the one avoiding eye contact. “Did I… Did I cause Satoko to freak out that much?”
Mion shook her head. “It’s not that. Let me preface this by saying you’ve done a wonderful job.
Ever since Satoshi… moved away, you’ve been the best older sibling Satoko could ask for.
However, I think it’s fair to say you do too much for her at times. You’re with her so often, and try
so hard to be like Satoshi it can go from being a comfort to her to a harsh reminder of what she’s
lost.”
At this, Shion was distressed. “Did Satoko tell you this?”
“No, and she’s not the type to tell someone that. If you spend enough time around her though,
you’ll start to see a pattern.”
“W-well if she didn’t tell you, how are you certain? You could just be assuming stuff here.”
“No, Shion. It’s not just that. When was the last time Satoko really got to spend time with all of us?
You’ve even taken her out of club time twice in the last week to do grocery shopping or a check-up
at the clinic when she was able to do it later after the club. She never said anything, but we could
tell she wanted to stay.”
Shion struggled to find a response. “I-I’m her guardian! … Or at least the closest thing she has to
one. I just want to make sure she’s ok.”
“And there’s nothing wrong with that, Shion. Again, I’m so grateful for all you’ve done for her. But
I miss her. We all miss her. Her outburst wasn’t just because of her remembering horrific stuff. I
think this has been building up for a while, and honestly, it’s my fault for not saying something
sooner. I just didn’t expect it to come out like that. I don’t think any of us did.”
At this, Shion couldn’t come up with anything. She looked at the ground.
“… So, I came up with this idea without you. I thought some time away from you would be for the
best. Regardless, I’m so so sorry, I went behind your back and did this!” she said bowing to Shion.
Shion didn’t respond, she didn’t even look up. “... Am I really so blind to her feelings?”
Mion looked up with a look of both pity and sympathy. “No, Sis. Not usually. You just have a bad
habit of having tunnel vision sometimes, and it finally caught up to you here.”
Shion paused and then asked a heartfelt question. “What am I supposed to do?” She looked up,
tears falling down her cheeks. “I know I can’t ever replace Satoshi. I know I can’t do everything for
her, and I know I may mess up. I just want her to be happy. Is this some sort of punishment? Am I
not good enough for her?”

Mion stepped forward and embraced her. “No, Shion. You’re everything she could ask for, and I
know she loves you deeply. All you need to do is just step back a bit, and give her some more time
to herself and with her friends.” A smirk appeared on Mion’s face. “It’s up to me to save my doofus
of a sister at times like this.”
Shion’s tears ceased, and she looked at Mion with annoyance. “Way to kill the mood, dork.”
They both began to crack up and laughed together. Mion let go of Shion, as she dried up the
remaining stains on her cheeks. “Well, Sis. I believe you’ve made your point. I apologize for
coming on strong, I should go apologize to Satoko, too. I’ve made an embarrassment of myself.”
“You mean more than usual?” Mion chimed in.
“Big talk coming from you, Sis. I’m just saying I have to be a proper role model for her, and hope
you don’t corrupt her too much,” she said winking. A thought then occurred to her. “Um, don’t you
need to head inside for class?”
Mion’s eyes widened, and she began to panic. “Oh crap, crap, crap! I forgot!” She facepalmed.
“Uggggghhhhh, no way am I escaping a lecture.”
“Well, you’d best get back then.” Mion put her clothes in her bag and was about to leave when
Shion said something softly. “Thank you.”
Mion turned her head, a bit surprised. “Oh, no problem.”
“I mean, you are a little tomboy goblin, but I suppose you have your good points. I’ll be going
now.”
Mion grimaced. “You never can never be honest with your feelings, and just be nice, can you?”
Shion smirked. “A bit rich coming from you. Get back to me when you can be honest and confess
to Keiichi Weiichi, and I’ll never tease you again. Sayonara, Sis!”
This stunlocked Mion as her face became painted red. “D-don’t you dare ever say anything to him
about that!!”
Shion was already a good distance away and just waved not looking back.
Mion turned and began to run towards the school. I swear the things I do for her.
~~~~
After the usual club shenanigans and Rika ending up with enough cat-themed accessories to look
like some feline catastrophe, Mion was now about to be home. Being the Sonozaki household, it
was unlike anything else in the town. Heavily secured and with plenty of secrets, it was about as
typical of a yakuza family’s mansion as one could have.
Not that anything related to her family was on Mion’s mind currently. While Watanagashi was
looming over her head, she instead sought to think about how fun the upcoming festival would be.
Assuredly, the police would prevent anything from happening this year, anyway. There was no
reason to worry, and she’d have a wonderful time with her friends making memories.

As she opened the door, she smelled the familiar scent of home. Despite having lived there her
whole life, she never did get quite used to how pleasant and special the place was. It helped that it
was regularly cleaned by housekeepers. “Granny, I’m home! Whew, you would not believe the day
I had today. It was-”
As she entered the hallway, she stopped in her tracks. Standing there was Oryou Sonozaki, her
grandmother, and the current Head of the Sonozaki Family. For her grandma to greet her like that
meant only one thing. Something that required her to be fully serious and act in her role as the Heir.
“Is there something wrong?”
“Mion, we need to talk. Follow me.”
She followed Oryou into the living room. A room full of comfy seats and a beautiful view outside
as well. They both took a seat and remained silent for a few minutes. Mion figured it was about the
Watanagashi festival, and that Oryou was just collecting her thoughts. Instead, she asked about
something completely unrelated. “What are your thoughts on Kiryu Kazuma?”
Mion was taken aback. The mention of Kiryu’s name wasn’t a good sign, but she was more
confused that his name was being brought up to begin with. “E-excuse me? You mean my P.E.
teacher?”
“Yes, and it seems a new member of your club.”
“Y-yes, but I don’t understand the question.”
“It’s just as I asked. What are your thoughts on him?” She said with a monotone voice. The type of
commanding, but simultaneously tired and numb voice one gets after decades of leadership.
“... W-well, he’s super nice. He’s extremely strong, and I’ve heard he even beat our principal once
in a fight. He does excellently with our P.E. class. He has a rather awkward, but kinda cute nature
to him in how he acts. He’s wonderful to play club games with, and he’s just pleasant overall. We
haven’t known each other too long, but I would consider him a friend, or at least an adult I get
along with well.”
Oryou remained silent keeping Mion on edge. She eventually spoke up. “Are you aware of his
past?”
“Not exactly, I know he used to be a CEO for some real estate company. Did he do something
wrong?”
A stifled noise came from Oryou. So pitifully soft it couldn’t even be a chuckle. Perhaps the closest
thing she could get to a stifled laugh. “The question is what he hasn’t done.”
“G-Granny?” Mion asked anxiously.
“You don’t know it seems. Well, we did only find out today.”
“What is it?”
Oryou didn’t answer, and Mion was too afraid to break the silence. It wasn’t a bad question to ask,
but she would regret asking nonetheless. “That man, Kiryu Kazuma, is the Dragon of Dojima.”

Mion’s blood ran cold. She appeared to have looked at Medusa herself and was utterly petrified. “I
don’t blame you for being shocked. Even I was a little… unsettled discovering this today.”
Of course, Mion didn’t reply. Still dealing with the utter shock of what she had just heard. “You
were right about him being a CEO. He left the Tojo shortly after the Empty Lot Incident in
Kamurocho. He’s been living as a civilian for the last four years. And yet, here he is now. Not too
long after those two Tojo yakuza’s corpses were found. I assume you know what that means,
Mion.”
Her name being called was enough to break her out of her stupor, but it was only replaced with
immediate panic and frantic thoughts through her head. “W-what are you saying, Grandma?!
There’s no way he is! I mean, we’re talking about THE Dragon of Dojima! He took on the whole
Dojima family and most of the Tojo clan and won! He’s a legend, there’s no way-”
‘He is,” Oryou interrupted with a tone of certainty.
Mion only panicked more. “W-where’s your proof! Where did you even get this intel from?!”
“The same way we get all our info, Mion. Having the right people in the right places supporting us
with all we could ask for. How else do you think?”
“Y-yeah, but!”
Oryou continued, ignoring her granddaughter’s outbursts. “Have you ever seen his back? Have you
ever seen the silver dragon tattoo sprawled along it? Have you ever asked him about it, or has he
mentioned it?”
“N-no, but so what?! It would be weird to even ask him about that, and-”
“Has he asked you ever about us and the Tojo?”
At this, Mion sat still. He had asked about the Tojo. He had asked private questions about her role
in the Sonozaki Family. He had asked clear as day if there was a threat of war. But with all that, she
also remembered everything else he had said to her up on that hill.
She took a deep breath in and out. “Even if that’s true Granny, I trust Kiryu.”
Oryou raised an eyebrow. “You do? You’ve barely gotten to know him. It’s unlike you to not
consider the risks he poses just by being here.”
“I know, I’m not forsaking my duties here. I just genuinely believe in him.”
“You’re not normally this naive, Mion. Tell me, why then do you think he’s here?”
Mion hesitated to answer but was able to come up with one. “Maybe he’s here to help stop war
from happening. Sure, maybe he’s spying on us and keeping his identity a secret, but maybe he’s
trying to protect us.”
“Baseless speculation brought on only by your bias.”
“... Maybe, but if nothing else he trusts me back. You know what we all did today at P.E., right?”
Oryou paused. “More or less.”

“Ok, well Kiryu trusted ME to take care of that. He came to me asking for help, and he did
everything he could to help us pull it off. He’s been nothing but nice to me and everyone here. I
don’t think he’s trying to do anything sinister, Granny.”
“And you just think we should leave him alone? Let him squander about in our own territory?” She
leaned in and spoke in a firm tone. “Do not be fooled, Mion Sonozaki. That man is dangerous, and
you would do well to keep tabs on him and make sure he doesn’t become our enemy. I have already
requested that multiple family members come in. We don’t know what we’re up against, and quite
frankly the Dragon in some ways is more threatening than the Tojo itself. I think you understand
the situation.”
Finally defeated, Mion could only collect her composure and wear the cold expression she always
used when called upon to be the Heir. “Yes, I will take the necessary measures. Please keep me
updated.”
“Of course,” Oryou said finally getting up from her seat. “Be on your guard around him. A demon
is strong, powerful, and menacing, but it will never be able to reach the Dragon that soars above us
all. Do keep that in mind.”
As she left, Mion could only sit there in silence. A multitude of thoughts rushing through her head.
I… I trust him. I want to trust him, and I know he trusts me. So why? Why did this have to happen,
and why so close to Watanagashi?
She put her face into her hands. The stress was building up, and it was not leaving any time soon.
She shook her head trying to get rid of the doubts. No, we’re not doing this. I’ll stay calm, and I’ll
talk about it with him tomorrow evening. Communication is key here, and I know I need to talk to
him.
I need to get… something. Some more info, a bigger picture, just something to keep Granny from
being on edge. She got up and began to walk towards her bedroom. It’s ok. It’s ok. Tomorrow will
be a wonderful day off from school. I’ll get to enjoy time with my friends. We’ll all go shopping,
maybe eat at Angel Mort and I’ll meet up with Kiryu tomorrow evening. That’s… that’s the plan!
She smiled to herself, and believed everything would be ok. There might be some problems, but it
was nothing she thought she couldn’t handle. At least, it would be nothing she could have been
prepared for.

Chapter End Notes

Y'know I finished Yakuza/LAD Infinite Wealth recently. I have some mixed thoughts on it, but
I would say I enjoyed it overall. The thing that got me though, is that while writing this fic I've
always wondered about if I'm writing Kiryu in-character. Stuff like "is he monologuing too
much?" or "would he have an emotional breakdown in these circumstances?" Without spoiling
anything, it turned out I was lot more accurate than I thought, so that's nice to be reassured on.
Anyways, ty for reading as always.

Chapter 26: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 8: A Wonderful Day
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was Friday morning, and that meant big things. It was an important day for everyone. Everyone
was off from school for Watanagashi, and either anticipation or anxiety filled the air depending on
who you asked. Of course, our main trio was making good use of this opportunity. Rika had
stopped by the clinic yesterday to ask when Takano would be back with an unassuming Irie saying
she should be back by Friday night.
It was a simple, but hopefully effective plan. The idea was to spy on Takano using Hanyuu and
keep a close eye on her. Even if they failed again, they would have a good idea of what Takano
does every loop. As for Kiryu, his role in all of this was somewhat complicated. His main role
would be protecting Rika, but he could only do so much. He was also the only fighting power they
had, and as good as he was he couldn’t just deck Takano as soon as he had the chance. Rika didn’t
want Takano to be hurt but also figured the best way they could keep anything from happening was
to take her hostage till Watanagashi passed over.
Of course, that wasn’t everything. They also had to get answers on her dealings with the Tojo, and
if she had any other allies. In all, it was looking to be a desperate attempt to try and gain whatever
info they could. On the off chance everything went perfectly, Rika could perhaps even tell her
friends about everything and get them to help her. They first had to make sure everything would
turn out ok, though. And they couldn’t do that until they put together a better picture of what was
going on.
With those big goals in mind, Kiryu and Rika found themselves conflicted about being with the rest
of the club members. They could only currently wait and hope the odds favored them. In the
meanwhile, the whole gang was out in Okinomiya enjoying their day off.
“Have you been here much at all, Kiryu?” Rena asked.
“A few times. I can’t say I’ve had many chances to explore this town,” Kiryu replied. The group
was somewhat of an odd sight. It almost looked like a single dad taking his five kids out for fun,
and in a sense, it wasn’t too far off. Kiryu intended to enjoy the day along with them, but as their
teacher, it was also his responsibility to make sure they weren’t getting into trouble.
“Have you been to Angel Mort yet?” Keiichi asked. “You know our own Mion works there. You
should see her in the work outfit,” Keiichi said, sneering.
Mion blushed. “K-Kiryu, pretend you didn’t hear that! It’s nothing of importance!”
“Oho, seems I’ve found a weakness. It’s rare to see you like this, Mion. Not that you could look
good in that outfit, to begin with.”
‘Oy, Keiichi. I know it’s banter, but you should always respect a young lady. Insulting her
occupation is going too far. I expect better of you,” Kiryu said firmly.
Satoko nodded in agreement. “Honestly Keiichi, you’re such an embarrassment sometimes.”

Satoko was one thing, but even Keiichi knew when to lay off if even Kiryu was calling him out. “Ssorry, Mion. I shouldn’t have gone so far.”
Mion smirked. “It’s fine, Keiichi. We know you rock the look better than any of us, and that you’re
jealous I get to wear it regularly.”
“H-hey!” Keiichi interjected, not wanting to remember the harsh penalty he had gotten a while
back. The group laughed, as Keiichi sighed. “Oh, so it’s fine when Keiichi is the victim, huh?”
Mion winked. “Don’t dish it out, if you can’t take it.”
Feeling the mood could sour eventually, Kiryu spoke up. “Well, kids. What is there to do around
here? You know this town way better than I do.”
The group went silent, as they thought about where was best to go. “Meep, there is that new arcade
that opened recently.” Of course, it wasn’t “new” to Rika. It wasn’t even around every loop, but it
was a place that never failed to be fun. One of the few things she could say felt fresh no matter
what.
“Oh, yeah!” Mion interjected. They have a ton of stuff there. They added some new claw game
machines there.”
A sudden twinkle appeared in Kiryu’s eye. “Claw games, you say?”
“Yeah, did they have those in Kamurocho?”
“Oh, a ton of them. You could say I’m an expert at them. Back in the day, they used to call me…
Klaw Kiryu.”
Silence fell over the group. Even Rika was trying her best to hold back a laugh. Was that the best he
could think of?
Kiryu was a multi-talented man, but he never could escape his more awkward moments.
Embarrassed, he cleared his throat. “It… it sounded cooler in my head.”
The group laughed again, and Mion had that competitive look in her eye. “Alright then, Kiryu. It’s
only a few blocks away, so let’s see what you got.”
“You’re on.”
~~~~
The arcade was a lovely time. Everyone was having a blast playing the new games. Well, almost
everyone. 50 minutes had passed. The group was about ready to go somewhere else, except for
Kiryu. He was at the claw game and had been ever since they got there. He was determined… no,
probably “desperate” was a better word to use for his situation. Utterly compelled to get this one
bird plushie. Satoko had asked for it, and Kiryu figured it would be easy to get. Oh, how wrong he
was.
“Um, Kiryu,” Satoko spoke up. “I appreciate your efforts so far, but it’s fine. You don’t need to try
and get it anymore.”

“No!” Kiryu yelled. “I’m this close, I swear. Just give me a few more attempts. I almost have it.”
I’m Klaw Kiryu, dammit! I’m gonna get this damn plushie if it kills me!
“Ehh, I think your luck has run out, Kiryu. I’d say it’s time to cut your losses.” Keiichi said this,
right as the plushie fell out of the claw for what seemed the umpteenth time.
Kiryu was like a man possessed in situations like this. Too stubborn for his own good to just give
up. At the least, he had enough rationale left to not want to ruin the day. “OK, fine. Fine. Just let me
try this one last time, I swear I’ll get-”
The claw didn’t even end up grabbing the plushie. At that, Kiryu found himself silenced and finally
defeated. He hung his head low in shame. But… I’m Klaw Kiryu…
Rika patted his arm. “Meep, it’s ok, Kiryu. You’ll get it next time.”
He seemed ready to give up when he suddenly shot up. “Wait! I have an idea! Rena, come here.”
Rena looked surprised. “You mean me?”
“Yeah, c’mon. Don’t worry, I’ll pay for it. I just thought of a way we can get it together.”
“O-Ok!” Rena replied.
The group looked confused wondering what was about to happen. Rika, in particular, had an awful
feeling. … He does remember what happened last time he chose Rena to do something, right?
Kiryu dropped a coin into the claw machine. “Alright, Rena. This is my plan, and it’s really simple.
Try to grab the plushie, but think about how cute it is. Imagine how cute Satoko will be holding it.
How much she’ll cherish it. A double cute combo!”
Kiryu’s pep talk was working. Rena’s imagination feverishly painted the scene, and her cheeks
blushed. “Hauuuuuuu! Adorable Satoko with a birdy birdy!” She went to grab the lever and pushed
upwards forcefully. Way, way too much force. Her hand shot off of the lever at mach speed and
broke right through the glass causing it to shatter completely.
Everyone’s mouth was agape. The punch was equally impressive, as it was catastrophic. Rika
found herself facepalming. Rena slowly turned to Kiryu and sheepishly grinned. “P-perhaps
Keiichi was right about cutting your losses, Kiryu.”
Kiryu didn’t respond. He didn’t even make eye contact. His face was beet red … I think Klaw
Kiryu is going to retire now.
~~~~
After the owner chewed them out, and MANY apologies and bowing of their heads, the group
eventually left. Kiryu gave the number to his company and said to just call and said he would
gladly reimburse for the damages.
As they walked on the pavement with cracks and a few broken sticks here and there, the air was
heavy. Not out of tension, but just of collective shame. Rena figured it was best if she broke the
silence. “S-Sorry, Kiryu. I got carried away there.”

“No, it was 100% my fault. I got way too into it. Let that be a lesson to you all. Don’t be like me,
and learn to quit while you’re ahead.”
The others nodded in agreement. For a few minutes, the silence returned. That is until Mion
couldn’t take it anymore. “Aggghhhh, c’mon guys! Are we just gonna mope around all day? Kiryu
handled it, we’re fine. Let’s enjoy the rest of our day. Kiryu, where would you like to go next?”
“A-are you sure I should pick? I don’t know if I have the right to after… that.”
“Forget it! That was then, this is now. It’s taken care of, and we should enjoy our time together. So,
go ahead! Where to?”
Kiryu took a few minutes to think. “... There is the library.”
The group lightened up at the suggestion. “Ooh, that works! I heard they got some new manga
there!” Keiichi said.
“And there’s always something interesting to read there!” Rena chimed in.
“Meep, it sounds fun,” Rika added.
Mion nodded. “If we’re all in agreement, then let’s go!”
The group was now ready to go. However, out of the corner of her eye, Mion spotted for a brief
moment Satoko seemed disappointed. It went away quickly, but it was enough for Mion to notice.
Her smile disappeared. I… hope she doesn’t mind us going there too much.
~~~~
And so, the gang perused the many books offered. Kiryu and Keiichi were busy looking at newer
editions of JUMP. Rika had been mostly looking around trying to find something she hadn’t read a
dozen times over. Satoko was by herself, also attempting to find something. And Rena had gone
through all sorts of different things. She didn’t come as often as the others, so she figured she might
as well soak up as much as she could.
That was until she spotted Mion sitting in the corner alone. No book in her hand, and she seemed
downcast. She put the book up she was holding, and walked over. “Everything ok, Mii?”
Mion looked up, a bit startled. “Oh, Rena. Yeah, I’m fine. Just a bit sleepy.”
Rena didn’t reply, her face unreadable. She took a sit next to Mion and looked at her with concern.
“You know you’re an awful liar, Mii.”
Mion’s face lit up, and she made a noise somewhere between a squeak and a gasp. After a few
moments, she let out a sigh. “You’re always so sharp, Rena.”
Rena gave a soft smile. “Someone has to notice these sorts of things.”
“What tipped it off?”
“Mmm, you’ve been uneasy a few times today, especially around Kiryu. I also asked why Shion
wasn’t joining us, and you brushed it off as her being at work.”

Mion nodded her head once. “Yeah, that’ll do it.”
“Do you want to talk about it, Mii? You know we’re always here for you.”
“... Promise you won’t tell anyone about this?”
Rena smiled and winked. “You have my word.”
“OK, so… long story short, me and Shion got into a brief fight yesterday. Nothing serious, just she
didn’t care for the fact I hadn’t invited her to our obstacle course.”
Rena nodded. “I figured there was a reason. Didn’t think it was that, but I’m listening.”
“Anyways, I kinda had to break it to her she had been smothering Satoko, and I did this to give
Satoko some time away from her. I think she’s been too overbearing, and don’t get me wrong she’s
amazing at what she does. She and Satoko love each other. It’s just… y’know.”
Rena gave an understanding smile. “Satoko just needed some time away from Shii.”
“Exactly! And like, she took it well. She even apologized, and said she’d do better in the future. I
didn’t even say for her to not come today, she just called and said she thought it best to give Satoko
a few days to herself.”
“Makes sense.” A brief pause came between the two until Rena asked another question. “And the
Kiryu stuff?”
Mion couldn’t help, but look away when she asked. “That’s um… more complicated.”
Rena was confused. “Did he do something bad?”
Mion turned back quickly shaking her head no. “Not at all! Just… how do I phrase it? … Do you
trust Kiryu, Rena?”
Rena’s eyes widened. She didn’t answer immediately but instead gave a calm answer. “Yes, I don’t
see why not. He’s kind, caring, a great teacher, and even hangs out with us. Maybe someone more
skeptical wouldn’t trust him this fast, but he’s our friend. And as long as he remains here, I don’t
see why we wouldn’t trust him.”
“R-right, but… what if he had some sort of ulterior motives?”
Rena again paused to think. “Like what? I need some more context, Mii.”
Mion’s eyes avoided Rena’s, but she gave up on that quickly. She reluctantly looked back at Rena.
“I… I have reason to believe he was once this legendary Yakuza. I know that sounds crazy, but it’s
the truth.”
Rena didn’t reply. A minute. Two minutes. Almost three, and then she smiled. “Mion, have I ever
treated you differently despite your family’s history?”
Mion was somewhat taken aback. “N-no, but what does that have to do with-”
You could almost see a visible lightbulb appear above Mion’s head, as she realized what Rena
meant. “O-oh…”

Rena giggled at her reaction, causing Mion to blush. “H-hey that’s no fair! This is different.”
Rena wore an uncharacteristic smirk. “Is it? If he was some big, bad yakuza he would have shown
his true colors by now.”
“And… how do you know?”
Rena turned to stare at Kiryu at the other end of the library. “Because you two aren’t all that
different.”
Mion’s eyes lit up. “We are?”
“Disregarding the whole yakuza connection, you both our capable leaders. You’re compassionate
and honorable, always looking out for us. Trying to help and protect us. Making the best of any
situation, and taking it head on. Someone I’m glad to have as a friend. As for how I know…” She
turned back to face Mion. “I know because you both absolutely suck at lying.”
Mion found herself speechless. She could only give another sigh. “Can’t help it. Never have been
that good at it.”
Rena giggled again. “It’s a good trait, Mii. That’s what makes you you.”
“... Thank you, Rena. I think I really needed that. Would you mind if I ran an idea by you?”
“Of course.”
“Ok, so you’ve probably also noticed Satoko hasn’t enjoyed our time here. So what if… “ The rest
was a whisper only Rena could hear. Afterward, she stared at Mion with sparkles in her eyes. “That
sounds like a wonderful idea.”
~~~~
“A sleepover?” Rika asked, surprised. The whole group had finally come home. It was evening
time, and they had all said their goodbyes. It was now just Satoko, Rika, and Mion left. A flurry of
thoughts went through Rika’s head. This has never happened before. I… I don’t know what to think
about it. It’s good, right? I’m sure they’d both love it and we'll see each other tomorrow to help set
up Watanagashi. … Yeah, this would be amazing.
She turned to Satoko. But considering the history between the Sonozakis and Hojo…
Satoko was still stunned by the request. “A-are you sure?”
“Yeah!” Mion assured. “No worries, we have plenty of space. You could even sleep in my room.
Would you like to come over?”
Satoko found herself hesitating. She looked over to Rika for an answer. Rika just nodded her head
with her usual adorable smile. “Meep, I don’t see why not. We have enough food I can make
myself something for dinner.”
Satoko looked at the ground, and then at Mion. “I suppose I could spare one night. Would it be ok
if Rika joined us?”

“Of course! Not to exclude Rena and Keiichi, but just this once I wanted it to be with you two. It’s
been a long time since we’ve done anything like this, and the two have been over a few times
recently.”
They both looked to Rika for her answer. As much as she’d like to join normally, this was the
perfect chance to work together with Kiryu. They couldn’t meet physically, but at the least, she
needed to be at her house soon to converse with him and Hanyuu about what she found. “Could we
do it another night, please? I need to prepare tonight for Watanagashi.”
Both Satoko and Mion were disappointed to hear her answer but nodded. “I getcha, Rika. Do what
you gotta do,” Mion reassured.
Rika smiled back. “Good night, then! Sleep well, nipah!” And with that, she skipped down the road
towards her house leaving the two alone.
Satoko looked up at Mion. “Um, your grandma won’t mind will she?”
Mion nodded. “I promise, it’s fine Satoko. We’re gonna have a girl’s night out, and paint the town
red.”
Satoko didn’t respond at first. “Why?” She softly asked.
“Hmm?” Mion tilted her head. “Why what?”
“Why are you doing so much for me recently? If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you’ve swapped
with Shion.”
Mion’s smile faded. “Am I trying to do too much?”
“No, and I do appreciate it. It’s just…”
Her voice became faint. “Shion apologized to you, right?”
Satoko was briefly shocked but quickly understood. “Yeah, she did. I wasn’t sure what to say, so I
just told her she was fine.”
“Well, she wasn’t exactly fine, was she? I know you might not want to say it, but it was a relief,
yeah?”
Satoko didn’t reply. She just nodded.
Mion then got on her knees and put her hands on Satoko’s shoulders. “Even disregarding that, I just
want us to have fun. It doesn’t matter what’s happened between our families in the past. You’re you
and I’m me. And it just so happens we’re both good friends. To be fair, it wasn’t even for you. It
was for both you and Rika. I’m not that selfless,” she said winking.
Satoko smiled back. “Well, if you’re feeling so generous, I suppose it would be rude for a fine lady
like me to reject. Lead the way, Mion.”
“Of course, your Majesty! Let us be on our way.”
As the two walked towards her house, she recalled about how she was supposed to meet up with
Kiryu that evening. She briefly stopped.

Satoko stopped too. “Something wrong?”
“Er, no! I just remembered something. Don’t worry, it’s nothing important.”
The two began walking again, Mion wiping some sweat from her brow. It’s fine, I can just do it
tomorrow morning. Might be for the best. I don’t know if it’s the wisest idea to do it so late tonight,
anyway.
~~~~
Upstairs in Mion’s room, the girls were watching a show. It wasn’t the first time Satoko had been to
the Sonozaki household, but it had been the first in a good while. She never could get used to how
massive it was. And yet, it did feel welcoming. She couldn’t completely remove anxiety from her
mind, but she was about as content as she could be there in that historical mansion. They were
watching some mecha show that had been showing re-runs for far longer than it should have been.
“... You really like these shows, Mion?”
Mion flinched. “Y-yeah, what’s the problem?
Satoko raised an eyebrow. “It’s fine if you do. I just don’t know about your… future romantic
endeavors.”
“Ohhh, what’s the problem?! First Shion, and now you? Boys love big robots. Shouldn’t it be more
of a help than harm?”
Satoko crossed her arms. “I suppose, but I don’t know if it’s the best way to seduce Keiichi.”
“T-t-t-this has nothing to do with Kei! Quit listening to Shion! She’s starting to rub off on you!”
Satoko giggled. “I’m just telling the truth. You two will never start dating if you don’t make a
move.”
Satoko continued to laugh, and Mion sat there unamused. She then donned a smirk. “You’ve
crossed the line, Satoko. It seems I need to use my transformation.”
Satoko looked at her, perplexed. “Transformation?”
“Yeah,” she said reaching out her arms towards Satoko causing her to become alert. “Theeee
TICKLE MONSTER!!”
Satoko yiped, and nearly fell out of the bed onto her feet and ran. Mion was shortly behind her.
“Don’t think you can escape!”
The two ran and ran, laughing all the while. “You’ll never catch me, Mion!” Satoko challenged.
“It’s inevitable, Satoko! Get ready for your punishment!”
“Oh yeah? Watch this!” Satoko turned the corner quickly and headed for the stairs.
As Mion came around the corner herself, she saw how fast Satoko was going “Wait up! Be careful
not to fal-”

She didn’t finish her sentence. Satoko began to race down the stairs but lost her footing. “Wwoah!” She cried out.
Before Mion could do anything, she lost sight of Satoko. Down the stairs, she fell making a horrific
ruckus. “Satoko!” Mion cried after her. She raced down the stairs not even caring if she fell herself,
and saw Satoko lying down at the bottom face down. “Satoko, are you ok?”
No response. As she got closer to Satoko, she stopped before descending the last few steps.
Something about her looked off. Like she wasn’t shaped entirely correctly. It was an irregular
position. An overwhelming sense of dread came over Mion at that moment. “S-Satoko, this isn’t
funny. Please tell me something. If you broke something, we need to take you to the hospital.”
She descended the last few steps. She found herself only a foot away from Satoko. “Seriously,
Satoko! Say something! Plea-”
She didn’t finish. She grabbed Satoko’s shoulder to turn her over only to see a pair of lifeless
eyes… and a broken neck accompanying the now lifeless corpse.
“... Satoko…”
“... Satoko…”
“Satoko, Satoko! Satoko!! Satoko!!! Satoko!!!!”
~~~~

Chapter End Notes

I am so sorry Satoko fans. I promise she'll get her deserved screen time later on.

Chapter 27: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 9: Morning
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kiryu's eyes opened. The first thing he noticed was not the sun shining through his windows, but
rather the sound of the ever-present higurashi. A sound he had mixed feelings on, but one that was
starting to finally feel comforting. It was a good sleep for once, and one he was grateful to have for
Saturday. Today was going to be a busy one.
Last night, he and Rika learned from Hanyuu that Takano had never returned. A fact that was
discomforting to hear. Rika figured Takano would need a couple of days to set up her plan, so for
her to not be present still is odd. She might have been hiding somewhere nearby, but Rika knew
that didn’t sound right.
Left once again with nothing they could do, they figured they would help set up for the festival.
This time Kiryu was going to help out properly. Last time, he was stuck in a hotel wondering how
to pull off his harebrained scheme. Now, he could just enjoy the day and actually contribute
something.
As he got dressed, his mind drifted to Satoko. Rika had mentioned offhand that she was at a
sleepover with Mion. He smiled at the thought of how much fun the two must have had during the
night. Let’s hope they didn’t stay up too late. We’ll need their help if we want to set up everything.
~~~~
The time was a little past noon. There was a special energy in the air. One that only came once a
year. The elders were planning out various aspects of the festival. The children were running
around playing and laughing. The sun shone brightly, as the adults worked up a good sweat
building and preparing the booths and other attractions. This is where Kiryu would find himself. He
wiped his brow trying to keep the sweat out of his eyes.
For once, he felt something resembling normal. After everything that had happened, his mental
state had desperately needed this time to relax. He was still determined to do his part to help Rika,
but it was also nice to just help out. He took a moment to stop and bathe in his surroundings. The
serene nature of it all. He smiled.
Y’know, after learning the truth this place really is as nice as it seems. It’s not perfect. It has its fair
share of dark history, but it’s tame compared to Kamurocho and I’ve lived there my whole life. Just
being able to experience all of this is so…
“Kiryu, can you help me move this!” His thoughts were interrupted by one of the other adults.
“Sure thing!”
Meanwhile, the club members were doing their part as well. Rika, Keiichi, and Rena were moving
supplies. “Hey, Rika. Shouldn’t you be preparing for the ritual tonight?” Keiichi asked.
“Meep, I have it memorized. I can do it in my sleep at this point.”
Keiichi chuckled. “I wouldn’t doubt it. You could do it 100 times, and not fail once.”

Rika’s eye slightly twitched at Keiichi’s comment. He doesn’t know. He doesn’t know.
“W-woah!” Both of them looked behind to see Rena had nearly tripped. She caught her footing but
looked somewhat dazed. “Rena, are you ok?” Keiichi asked.
“Y-yeah, I was just being clumsy there,” Rena answered. “Silly Rena,” she said, playfully sticking
out her tongue.
Rika raised an eyebrow. Rena could be a daydreamer, full-on delusional in certain situations. But
she wasn’t the type to meander while doing hard work. “Meep, are you sure you’re ok, Rena?”
Rena looked at Rika understanding what she meant. “Well… yes?” She said not quite sure herself.
“It’s just isn’t it odd we haven’t seen Mii or Satoko, yet?”
The three paused. “They were having that sleepover last night. Maybe they’re still having fun
together?” Keiichi suggested.
“Sure, but Mii is an important person. The Sonozakis handle a lot of stuff for Watanagashi. Would
she really miss out on that?”
None of them had an answer. Rika, in particular, felt stumped. Why isn’t Mion here yet?
“Is there something wrong?” The trio turned to face Oryou Sonozaki herself. Despite her age, one
could tell she had a menacing aura to her. Sure, the three were best friends with Mion, but that
didn’t diminish the feeling of slight fear Oryou caused. If nothing else, one should still respect the
head of a great yakuza family, at least if they value your life.
Of course, Rika wasn’t scared, In some ways, she was a bit of a third granddaughter to Oryou. She
knew Oryou well, and it was extremely rare she had looked at Rika with the same intimidating eyes
she gave everyone else. And yet, the effect on Rika was all the more pronounced as her stare dug
into the three equally.
“N-no,” Keiichi stuttered. “We were just wondering where Mion and Satoko were. Would you…
happen to know, Ms. Sonozaki.”
Her face remained unchanged. “Unfortunately, the two will not be joining us today. It seems they
both came down with some sort of fever during the night.”
Rena gasped. “Are they ok?! Are they?”
Oryou’s expression finally changed, or perhaps “moved” would be a better term. She nodded. It
was something that could barely be considered a nod, but it was enough to convey her answer. “Of
course, they will be ok. As unfortunate as the timing is, I shall fill in for my granddaughter today.
I’m sure with enough rest they will be feeling better. Hopefully, they can join you tomorrow for the
festival.”
Keiichi let out a deep breath. “Phew! You had me worried for a second, Granny. Is it ok if we visit
them?”
Her expression didn’t change, but Keiichi couldn’t help but feel he shouldn’t have asked. “I’m
afraid not. Whatever has come over them very well could be contagious. I’d normally say yes, but I
don’t think it is a wise idea.”

Rika felt anxious. “Would it be ok if I at least came to deliver her medicine? She’ll get far worse
without it.”
‘I’ll have someone come pick it up at your house.”
“... That works, but assuredly it’s fine if I just come to visit-”
“No.” It was so abrupt and forceful that Rika couldn’t even finish her sentence. Oryou had flat-out
rejected her. Oryou then closed her eyes. ‘I… apologize if this seems mean, but it is for the best.
We’re still not entirely sure what we’re dealing with. Dr. Irie should be over soon to check them
both out, but until we know more details it is best to just wish them both well.”
“Oh… o-okay,” Rika said, feeling defeated. She wasn’t sure how to react. This was the first time
one of her friends had gotten sick right before Watangashi. “W-well I’ll pray to Oyashiro they get
better soon, nipah!”
Something resembling a smile appeared on Oryou. “That’s the best they could ask for. The power
of a priestess will heal them quicker than any sort of conventional means. That being said, I
appreciate all of your help. My granddaughter has wonderful friends. I’m sure she’d be grateful for
all you’ve done today.”
“O-of course!” Keiichi interjected. “If Satoko and Mion can’t join us, we’ll just have to do double!”
“Yeah, that’s the spirit!” Rena exclaimed. She shot her fist into the air.
Rika would’ve normally joined them, but something felt off to her. “Something the matter, Dear?”
Oryou asked.
This shocked Rika back to reality. “N-no, thank you for taking care of both of them.”
“Certainly, now if you’ll excuse me.” The three nodded, and Oryou walked away. She left Rika
pondering. Both Satoko and Mion are ok, right?
~~~~
We travel back sometime again to Saturday morning again. There is no higurashi to be heard in this
estate. They are silent as if making any noise would be the gravest sin. Now, it wasn’t entirely
silent. There was a young girl. She was in the fetal position. One could hear a slight whimpering
from her. Was it crying, or was it pleading? Was the heat unbearable for her, or was the sweat she
was drenched in a side effect of something far more sinister plaguing her?
Down and down she spiraled. Which way was up exactly? What were the words coming out of her
mouth, were they even words or just noises of a despondent animal? It was mostly
incomprehensible, but bits could be picked out from the stream of sorrow. Words such as “forgive”,
“I’m sorry,” “my fault”, etc. How long had she been like this, and how much longer would she fall
deeper still?
A set of footprints could be heard coming down the hall. After a moment, she appeared in the
doorway. It was Oryou Sonozaki staring at her mess of a granddaughter on the floor. It wasn’t one
of hatred, but more of pity. Mion saw her out of the corner of her eye and looked up. She said
nothing but just looked at Oryou, her face splattered with tears. “Grandma, p… p-please, help me.”

Her cry for help was almost pathetic. It was a barely audible voice, one that took everything just to
muster out every single word. Oryou took a deep breath in and out. “Well, accepting this wasn’t
your fault would be a good first step.”
Something stirred in Mion. She gritted her teeth and buried her face in her hands. “But it was!” She
sobbed. “If I hadn’t brought her here… if I had just been more careful! Why?! Why did this have to
happen?!”
Oryou had no true answers. She could only state what she knew. “Life is cruel. It is also equally a
fragile thing. Too many people die young. I’ve seen it happen too much.”
Mion didn’t reply, she just continued to cry. A few minutes passed, and she finally spoke. “... What
am I supposed to tell the others? How can I face them? How… how can I face Shion?! Because of
me… because of me!”
A slap rang out. To Mion’s shock, it was Oryou herself who had delivered it to her. “Get ahold of
yourself. The Heir of all people should know what comes next.”
Mion’s head was empty. As much as she loved her grandmother, how could she expect her to be
able to think under these circumstances? “I… I don’t understand.”
Oryou stared at her and then sighed. “I’m sorry. I always forget that as mature as you are, as much
as you are the perfect pick for the Heir… you are still just a young girl.” Oryou put her hands on
Mion’s shoulders. The best way she could think to comfort her, as she continued. “Like I said, it
was an accident. … but it can’t stay that way.”
Mion’s blood rand cold. “W-what are you…”
“Mion Sonozaki, you are the Heir to our Family. You know the significance of someone dying on
our property. Much more so it being the last of the Hojos.”
Bile rose to Mion’s throat. She wanted to throw up. She wanted to empty every part of her, and
never have to hear such a horrid thing again. And yet, she couldn’t. She knew what her grandma
meant. She knew her duties also as the Heir. And yet, it locked her in place as her brain desperately
tried to understand the situation she had found herself in.
Did she really think the police would trust her? That it was just an “accident’? Especially right
before Watanagashi? Someone like Ooishi has been chomping at the bit to get something like this
for years. Ooishi wouldn’t trust her, for sure. Neither would the police, likely. Would the rest of her
family even believe her? What about the residents of Hinamizawa? Would even her friends trust
her? Would Kiryu trust her?
Mion was speechless, so Oryou took it upon herself to continue. “We’ll have to get some sort of
body double. It’ll be challenging due to it being a child, but it’s not impossible. You both will be
‘sick’ with something to keep either of you from having to show up. We’ll…”
She stared at Mion’s face. What could be used to describe it? Perhaps broken, or non-functioning.
Oryou sighed again. She thought long and hard about what to say next. “I’m sorry, Mion. I
shouldn’t be pushing you so hard. You can get through this. I’ll handle it.”
This seemed to wake Mion from her stupor. As her grandma looked away trying to decide what to
do next, she spoke up. “I’ll… I’ll do it.”

Oryou looked back. Her face was the closest thing her old bones could do to resemble shock. “...
Are you sure?”
“... Yes,” she said finally standing up. “I am… Mion Sonozaki. I am the heir to the Sonozaki
Family. I must hold myself responsible and fix this. I promise Grandma, I’ll… I’ll solve this.” Her
words limply dropped off her lips. She meant what she said, and yet every fiber of her being felt
disgusted. She wanted so desperately to tell Keiichi and the others what had happened. To beg for
forgiveness, but she couldn’t. She was the Heir, and she had to see that through. If this got out there
would be no more Sonozakis, and as much as it pained her heart. As much as she was killing her
sense of self to deal with her horrific task. She was the Heir, and she couldn’t back down no matter
what.

Chapter End Notes

I've been playing Umineko recently. Ryukishi I love you, and I am quite enjoying Umi so far.
However, please stop with the repetitive prose, I beg of you.

Chapter 28: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 10: Even With Love, Can It
Be Seen?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After much hustle and bustle, the preparations for the festival were done. Goodbyes were said, and
final touches were made. The sun slowly began to disappear across the horizon saying goodbye as
well. The higurashi sang their song, but that was nothing new. At least, it was not for Rika, as she
walked to her home.
“Everything ok, Rika?” Hanyuu asked.
“Yeah, I’m just worried about Satoko and Mion,” Rika answered. “Can you remember a fragment
where either got sick before Watanagashi?”
Hanyuu thought about it. “Maybe once or twice? I’m not sure. There’s always been the chance of
someone… well…”
Rika sighed. “Yes, I know. There’s always been that dan syndrome. However,” she said, facing
Hanyuu. “Mion has never gotten the syndrome before. I know that for a fact. She’s the one person I
can always rely on no matter what. I… I trust her.”
She turned back and began walking again. “It’s Satoko I’m more concerned about. I know Oryou
said she’d call Irie about it, but I’ll double-check with him in case.” Everything has gone well so
far, perhaps too well. I need to make sure everyone stays safe.
Hanyuu seemed flustered. “I understand what you’re saying Rika, but shouldn’t I at least check on
them both?”
Rika paused. “... It can’t hurt, but make sure you talk to Kiryu first. We need to stay in contact.”
Hanyuu nodded. “You got it!”
Hanyuu was about to leave when Rika spoke up. “By the way, thank you, Hanyuu. For…
everything honestly.”
“Where is this coming from?”
“I know it’s not the first time I’ve said this recently, but I am truly grateful for all you’ve done for
me.”
Hanyuu avoided eye contact. “You’ve said a lot of nice stuff to me recently. I appreciate it, but… I
don’t believe you should think so highly of me.”
Rika tilted her head. “Why? It’s a miracle I’m still here, and it’s all because of you.”
Hanyuu sighed and put on a more serious expression. “That’s all I’ve really been doing. For the
past century, I’ve been… mostly selfish, I think.”

Rika’s face became somber. She had an idea what Hanyuu was talking about, but she wanted to let
her finish speaking. “All this scouting out and information gathering. All the stuff I’ve done in
general to help. Isn’t it… horrific of me that I’ve not started doing that till now. Couldn’t I have
found out who the murderer was, if I had just been braver? Every time I ran away after you had
gotten captured because I didn’t want to see you die. … Isn’t that the definition of selfishness?
Could I not have caused this century of suffering to end much sooner?”
Rika closed her eyes. Her guess was right on the mark. “We both ran away, Hanyuu. I lost hope and
didn’t believe in my friends. I probably could have remembered Takano killing me, if I tried. I
didn’t though, so I could escape the pain. I suppose I couldn’t entirely blame myself. Physically,
I’m still just a child, and mentally it took a very long time to reach how I am today. Still, you’re
forgetting something important.”
“W-what, Rika?”
Rika softly smiled. “It was Keiichi remembering his sins that was the catalyst for my hope.”
Hanyuu went to say something, but nothing came out. There was a pause, and then she spoke. “I
know, but wouldn’t knowing Takano’s identity have helped?”
“Perhaps, but also perhaps not. What if I had zoned in on trying to kill Takano? What if I had
become a murderer? What if I had never learned her background, and wanted to save her? What if I
completely lost sight of everything I had been working towards, focusing just on revenge and
survival?”
At that, Hanyuu didn’t have an answer. “Perhaps, you’re right. It was selfish of you, but I can
somewhat understand where you’re coming from. If we do find a happy ending, you… won’t be
able to stick around forever. And then you’ll be all alone again.”
Hanyuu bit her lip. “That doesn’t excuse my actions. I may be able to forgive the sins of man, but
who can forgive the sins of a god?”
“I don’t know, but I’ve already forgiven you long ago, Hanyuu. I’ve given you your fair share of
bad treatment, but that’s just… how family is sometimes. We’ve only ever had each other. It’s
because of our love for each other that we can see past our flaws and sins. It’s because of your love
for humanity you died for them, and want to create a world without sin. And it’s because of your
love you’ve inspired me to want to forgive and save everyone… even someone like Takano.”
Hanyuu couldn’t utter a word, but she eventually smiled. She let out a big sigh as well. “You have
no idea how much of a relief it is to hear those words. Thank you, Rika. Let’s continue going
forward aiming for both of our goals.”
Rika nodded her head. “Of course, it’s getting late, though. You’d best head on over to Kiryu’s
place.”
“Right!” She waved goodbye and disappeared from view. And with that, Rika began to walk home
again.
~~~~
The mountains surrounding HInamizawa would soon swallow up the sun. It normally wouldn’t take
this long for Rika to get home. It was only about a ten-minute walk from the shrine, but her

conversation with Hanyuu was an important one. One she was glad to have finally been able to
have done.
She was now within sight of her home. It was a shabby old thing, but it was perfect for the two
girls. She took out a key from her dress pocket and unlocked the door. It opened to the dark, but
familiar hallway. The click of a light switch was heard, and the room was filled with artificial light.
“Satoko, I’m ho-”
She cut herself off remembering Satoko wasn’t there. It was just muscle memory for her at that
point. Usually, Satoko would have dinner ready by now. Something simple and cheap, but enough
to tide over the two girls.
In reality, it always felt so incredibly lonely, when she wasn’t there. Memories of previous
fragments where Satoko was trapped with Teppei filled Rika’s head, and she flinched at the graphic
images of Satoko’s despondent face. The bruises that stretched all over her body like a canvas of
torment.
She shook her head violently desperate to be rid of them. That’s not happening. That’s not
happening. She went into the living room and sat down. She sank deep into the chair. She was half
tempted to grab some wine, but she didn’t want Hanyuu to be feeling it. She looked over at the
phone. One that the Mountain Dogs had most likely already bugged. Not that that mattered when
she was just calling the Irie Clinic.
She picked up the phone and heard it ring until eventually, Irie picked up. “Hello, Rika?”
“Meep, how is Satoko doing?”
“Ah, Satoko! Yes, she’s at the Sonozaki estate still. I examined her, and it seemed to just be some
food poisoning. With enough rest, she should be good by tomorrow evening. One of the members
of the family came and picked up her medicine.”
Rika sighed in relief. “Thank you, Irie. I’m happy to hear she’ll be better soon. The medicine
should still work fine, right?”
Irie hesitated for a moment. “I… can’t 100% say there won’t be any side effects, but she should be
fine. It’s certainly a lot better than the alternative…”
Rika silently nodded. “Please take care of her, Irie. I know you can do it!”
“Thank you, Rika. Have a good night.”
“You too.”
As Rika hung up the phone, she relaxed in the chair. See Hanyuu, I told you everything was ok.
Irie had also just hung up. He looked back at a tall, burly man. He had sharp eyes, the type one got
spending most of their time in the underworld. He was a member of the Sonozaki Family.
Somewhat low on the ladder, but trusted enough to do his job well. One that had been observing
Irie for some time now. Beads of sweat ran down Irie’s face.
“There, I did what you wanted. Now, please leave. I’ve been on good terms with the Sonozakis for
years now. What have I done to deserve this… this harassment tonight?”

The yakuza’s expression didn’t change. “Not my place to say, pal. I’m just doing my job, and that
currently is to make sure you do yours.”
Irie gritted his teeth. He wished he could be braver, but he knew well what the Sonozakis were
capable of. He dared not get on their bad side, but he was at least brave enough to ask a question.
“What has happened to Satoko?! You’d best have not done anything to her!”
“You think I know, bud? Even if I did, I wouldn’t tell your sorry ass. I suggest you start closing up
and pretend none of this ever happened. At least, if you know what’s good for you.”
“... F-fine! Be that way, but I’d be more worried about your family. I can’t do anything to you, but-”
“Hang on fuckface, a call is coming in.” Irie was brutally cut off, as the yakuza’s phone began to
ring. He desperately wanted to speak up, but kept calm and listened. After a few minutes, he hung
up. “Alright, got a job for you.”
The way he had phrased it was ominous to Irie. Before he could even consider what it would be,
the yakuza spoke plainly. “Tomorrow morning, Satoko Hojo will be feeling well enough to attend
the festival. You will have seen her and deemed her to be healthy. She won't show up for the
festival, though. Monday morning, a corpse will be found. It will be Satoko Hojo’s. It will be a
fake, but you will deem it as the real body. That is all, have a good night.”
Irie was speechless, as the yakuza began to leave. A wrath and fury rare for him welled up inside
him. However, before he could even yell out, he found himself a few inches away from a gun. It
was aiming right at his head. “Don’t get any ideas now. A pawn should know its place. And don’t
think you can get away with telling the police or anything, we have eyes everywhere this
Watanagashi.” The yakuza gave an evil smirk. “Consider it a family reunion of sorts. We’ve got
just about the whole family in Hinamizawa at this point. Sure would be a shame, if something
happened to you.”
Irie was still facing down the gun in front of him. “I… I may not be able to do anything, but you
don’t know what you’re messing with. There are people besides you and your family working in
the shadows here.”
The yakuza tilted his head in confusion, and then his eyes lit up. “Ohhhhhhh, that’s right! Thanks
for the reminder, bud. I had nearly forgotten to tell you this. Seems uh… the Tojo Clan has
delivered us a message. One that you are free to share since the whole damn town will know by
morning.”
Irie held his breath. Whatever came next, he knew it was bad news.
~~~~
The sun had just about disappeared now. The evening had given way to nighttime, and the warm
darkness surrounded Hinamizawa. In the Sonozaki Estate, Mion stood hunched over in her
bathroom. It wasn’t a pretty sight. She had vomited for the second time that day, some blood mixed
in this time. She wanted to look away from what had spawned inside her, but the guilt and anxiety
that had caused it to begin with forced her to look on. She felt it was an accurate reflection of
herself. Disgusting and putrid, something that shouldn’t be seen by other humans.
She wasn’t actually supposed to be sick, but she might as well have been now. She had always been
able to shut down her emotions and tackle whatever was needed for her. She was the Heir to the

Sonozaki Family, she had to. She had given the orders to confront Irie and to search out a body
substitute for Satoko. All of that with the cold, heartless persona she had developed for such
situations.
But where was that now to save her? She couldn’t run away from this. She couldn’t look away, and
pretend nothing was wrong. That wasn’t remotely how she was, to begin with. She always was the
one to take charge, communicate, and be a leader for everyone. Stuck between her friends and her
role as the Heir, what could she do, though? What was the right path she should take?
She finally forced herself to look away. The rancid stench caused her to gag, as she flushed it down.
She took yet another pill to help with her stomach, praying for any sort of relief from this hell she
had found herself in. “God, please save me. I don’t know if you exist or not, but please forgive me.
Please, please forgive me for what I’ve done.” The girl went on like that for a while.
No one was there to comfort her. She only had herself. She nearly jumped out of her skin, when she
suddenly heard the phone ring. Slowly, she turned to it. The thought of picking up that phone made
her stomach churn, but she had to. Whether it was the police or someone else, she was the only one
there right now. The rest of the family was busy guarding the estate, and Oryou was busy herself
with how to deal with Satoko’s death. She finally mustered the energy to pick up the phone. “Hhello?”
“Hey, Mion. How is Satoko?” Did her heart stop beating, or did her brain cease to function? Either
way, she spoke not a word. It was the last person she wanted to have heard. “Mion, are you there?”
Keiichi asked.
“... K-Kei, is that you?” Mion’s voice was weak. Perhaps it was both a blessing and a curse she felt
sick since Keiichi bought it immediately.
“Damn, are you alright, Mion? Er, sorry that’s a stupid question. Obviously, you’re not. I just
wanted to call and see if you and Satoko are ok.”
“Y-yeah, we’re doing ok. Irie came over, and diagnosed it as food poisoning,” she said, lying
through her teeth. Luckily, Keiichi couldn’t see her.
Keiichi smirked. “Ahhhh, that’ll do it. Must’ve been from your cooking, huh?”
Normally, Mion would be irritated at Keiichi’s quips, but it was almost a reassuring comfort. A
brief escape from reality. “Kei, c’mon. You’re gonna give me crap when I’m like this?”
“Hehe, sorry. Couldn’t resist. By the way, do you think both of you will be able to join us at
Watanagashi, tomorrow?”
It felt like someone had stabbed her. She hadn’t thought about the festival, she hadn’t wanted to. It
was just one more thing Satoko would never be able to do again. One more thing Mion herself
wasn’t sure if she’d be able to do again herself. All she could do was lie and lie till it all came
crashing down. ‘I-I don’t know, maybe. We’ll have to see.”
“Mmm, in that case, you’d best get some rest. I hope I didn’t wake you or Satoko up.”
“No, she’s asleep right now in the guest room. Thank you for checking in on us.”

“No problem! Get better soon, I got some club games I have to beat you in next week,” he said,
grinning.
“You wish. Good night, Kei.”
“Good night, Mion.”
And with that, she hung up the phone. The only thing keeping her from rushing to the bathroom
again was the stomach medicine doing its work. Not that it made her feel any less awful. She put
her face into her pillow, as she began to sob. She had lied to one of her friends. Something she
strived to never do. She had lied about Satoko being ok. She had even given Keiichi some hope that
she might see them both, or at least one at the festival. Something that would never happen again.
But the worst thing of all was that she had lied to someone she loved. Someone who even if he
miraculously loved her back would assuredly never forgive her for what she’s done.

Chapter End Notes

2 things:
1. I've always wondered about what is like... not a plot hole, but kind of a weird thing about
Hanyuu. People always ask why she couldn't just like follow Takano, and see her as the
murderer. That it makes Hanyuu come off as extremely selfish, and tbh I've seen people hate
her over it. This throws in a bit of headcanon, but I wanted to tackle it and I do believe Rika
would be the type to not only be aware of it, but forgive Hanyuu for it. If you were someone
that read Higu and had this complaint, I hope I tackled it in an at least somewhat satisfactory
manner.
2. Yeeees, I know. There's some Umineko sprinkled in here. I won't spoil anything about it,
but it does very much feel like both a deconstruction and reconstruction of what Ryu did with
Higu. I just think it's fun to play around with the themes a bit here. I promise I won't be cheeky
and add in some Umi reference every chapter.

Chapter 29: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 11: Unexpected
Consequences
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sunshine weaved its way to Kiryu’s eyes. A familiar buzz played in his ears. One that existed
somewhere between background noise and a slight annoyance. After a brief meeting with Hanyuu
last night, he had learned about Mion and Satoko being sick. While somewhat worried, he was sure
Irie would be able to take care of them both.
He was going through his typical morning routine when his phone suddenly rang. “Hello?”
“Kiryu! Some serious shit is going down right now!” Nishiki yelled at him over the phone.
Kiryu immediately paused what he was doing, and made sure he didn’t miss a single word. “What’s
wrong?”
After some back and forth his eyes lit up. He hung up the phone, finished getting dressed, and left
as fast as possible.
~~~~
The morning sun shone down on Okinomiya brightly. Kiryu had just gotten off the bus and was
rushing down the street. He nearly knocked over a few passersby, as he barrelled down the
sidewalk. After a few blocks, he finally found what he was looking for. There was a small crowd
surrounding what looked like the scene of a crime.
Taking a moment to catch his breath, he cautiously approached. It’s not that he didn’t believe what
Nishiki had told him over the phone, but he had to see it for himself. He couldn’t get too close due
to the crowd, but he was able to see the remnants of where a murder had taken place. “KEEP OUT”
tape was strewn all around with a crude chalk outline surrounding where the victim had been.
Kiryu looked around to see if there was anyone he could potentially ask to confirm who exactly had
died. That was until one of the other people in the crowd spoke up. “Do you think it was the work
of the Sonozakis?”
“Nah, the word is going around it was the Tojo.”
“Yeah, but why the hell would they kill some nurse?”
“Same reason this sorta stuff always happens. Don’t poke your nose where it doesn’t belong, and it
won’t get bitten off.”
“Excuse me!” Kiryu spoke up. The two men turned to face Kiryu. “Would either of you know the
name of the murder victim?” Both were baffled not just at this yakuza-looking man asking them for
info, but also that he was asking in such an unusually straightforward fashion. The two looked at
each other, and then back to Kiryu. “Her name was Miyo Takano. What’s it to you?”

And with that, Kiryu’s heart dropped. He didn’t answer, but instead let out a sigh. “Nothing, just…
wanted to know.” And with that, he left the two confused men. He had purposefully avoided having
a cigarette for a few days, but now was the best time he could think of to have one. One that would
not help dull the headache he could already feel forming in the back of his head.
~~~~
One bus ride later, and he was back in Hinamizawa. It was about noontime. The town was quite
lively brimming with tourists. While the number had gone down over the years, there was still a
healthy amount of visitors to the village every year. It was one of the few things that kept the
village’s economy going.
There were also several cop cars patrolling. With the recent murder, everyone was on high alert.
The general public wasn’t aware at large of what had happened, and they were determined to make
sure no more murders happened that day. Of course, Ooishi was there. He was doing his rounds
along with his subordinate, Katsuya. “You hanging in there, Katsuya? This heat is a killer, I tell
you.”
His subordinate never could quite get used to his superior’s very casual and sometimes odd way of
saying things. “Yes, Sir. There have been no signs of anyone suspicious thus far.”
“Nfufufu, that’s how it always goes.”
There was a brief pause between the two until Katsuya asked a question. “Sir, what’s your take on
Miyo Takano’s death?”
“Take?” He said, scratching behind his ear. “It’s a tragic murder, for sure.”
Katsuya slightly rolled his eyes. “No, I mean that it doesn’t seem to fit the pattern of past
Watanagashi murders. It’s been consistent for four years, why would it suddenly change up? And
more specifically, why do the Tojo and not the Sonozakis seem to be responsible?”
Ooishi gave a sly smile and turned up the air conditioning a notch. “It’s simple really. It’s a
distraction.”
Katsuya looked puzzled. “A… distraction, Sir?”
“Nfufufu, my ‘take’ is that the Sonozakis are working with the Tojo. I’m not sure yet how they
mutually benefit from this, but it is far too much of a coincidence for it to happen today. I’m
positive those damned Sonozakis are seeking to continue the Watanagashi murders.”
“So you think the Tojo just killed some random nurse that works here to keep us busy?
Ooichi’s eyebrows furrowed as he turned the AC up to max. “It’s not that I haven’t explored other
avenues. The yakuza are a cruel, heartless people. There is no real difference between the Tojo or
Sonozaki Family. They’re all criminals at the end of the day. There’s the obvious notion she was
involved in something illegal, and I’m finding myself now a lot more interested in that Irie Clinic
she worked at.”
He returned to his usual smile. “Regardless, our job is to protect the people here tonight. We can
worry about who killed her and why later. You know the drill at this point.”

“Yes, Sir!”
~~~~
Meanwhile, Kiryu had speed-walked through the crowded center of the town. He was heading for
Rika’s house. He wasn’t sure if she had received the news yet, but they had to discuss what would
happen next. The conversation with Nishiki kept replaying in his head.
“What do you mean Takano was murdered?!”
“I’m not sure what happened. I just know whatever deal she was trying to strike with the Tojo went
south fast. Some sort of major disagreement, and well… I wonder if she was killed right here at
HQ.”
“Nishiki, when did you first hear about this?”
“An hour or so ago, but I’m sure it must’ve happened last night. It takes about six hours to drive up
from here to Hinamizawa, and they would want to get rid of the body as soon as possible.”
He was finishing the last bits of his cigarette when he found himself in front of Rika’s house. He
was about to knock on it when he heard Hanyuu’s voice from inside. “You can come on in. The
door is unlocked.”
As he walked in, his memory flashed back to the nightmare that was the end of the last loop. He
wasn’t exactly fond of coming here, but they had to make a plan. As he walked in, he saw Rika
sitting in a chair at a table. She was face down, her arms crossed and covering her face. Seeing her
like that, she seemed almost pathetic.
He struggled to find the right words to say. “Rika… I…”
“It’s fine.” Her voice was quiet. “I should have seen something like this coming.” She remained in
the same position.
Kiryu sighed and sat down in the seat across from Rika. “I’m assuming this is the first time Takano
has ever been killed?”
“Yes,” Hanyuu chimed in. “I… I don’t know what to say.”
“Does this mean… Rika is safe now?”
“Takano is dead, and that’s what you’re asking?” Rika had slightly raised her head, her eyes a mix
of all sorts of emotions. “What the hell went so differently in this fragment that the Tojo chose to
kill her?”
Neither Kiryu nor Hanyuu had an answer. Sensing he had been a bit insensitive, he switched his
approach. “Rika, how do you… personally feel about this?”
The question stung Rika, but it was an important one to answer. In truth, she wasn’t sure what she
felt. She was far more forgiving of a person than she should have probably been, but that didn’t
mean she didn’t feel any negativity towards Takano. Takano had killed her numerous times, on top
of being the driving force behind everyone in the town dying. Perhaps the worst of it though was
her being responsible for killing her parents. In truth, she had every right to loathe Takano. She
should be jumping for joy at the news of her death.

But in the end, that’s just now who she was. Whether she wanted to or not, she knew Takano better
now than perhaps Takano knew herself. She had seen the horrid past she had endured. She had seen
the despair and darkness she had fought through. She knew her enemy’s trials, and that ultimately
it’s not like she knew she had killed Rika hundreds of times. There was even the possibility she was
under the effects of the literal syndrome she was researching and wasn’t entirely herself.
Ultimately, none of it truly justified her actions. Maybe some with the syndrome, but certainly not
most. At best, she was still a murderer, and at worst in the many fragments she had succeeded with
“The Great Hinamizawa Disaster”, she was responsible for genociding a small town. Rika wanted
to save Takano from herself, and also save everyone else. To keep her from committing that
horrible sin.
She would have been satisfied with having Takano turn herself in. Hell, at this point she would’ve
been satisfied with her just stopping altogether and living a normal life, but… what was she
supposed to do now that Takano was dead?
She had been mulling over this for the last hour since Hanyuu broke the news. Kiryu himself
wasn’t entirely sure either. He had been trusting and following Rika since she knew far more than
he did. But now what were they to do? He could only think of one thing. It almost felt like
admitting defeat, but it needed to be addressed. “Do we go to the next fragment?”
Both Hanyuu and Rika looked visibly uncomfortable at hearing it asked. “No,” Rika answered
firmly. “We won’t do that unless every other option has been exhausted. All of my friends are still
alive, and with Takano dead, I won’t have to fear anyone dying.”
“But you did want to save Takano too, right?” Hanyuu asked, with a serious expression.
The knife in Rika’s heart twisted. She gritted her teeth in frustration. “I know! I know I want to
save her, but we have a limited amount of fragments left! If I can’t save everyone realistically,
should I not at least save who’s most important to me?!”
A heavy silence filled the room. Rika’s face was contorted in misery. She was torn between
wanting a miracle to save everyone, and the far more realistic option of this one chance to save all
her friends she might not get again.
Kiryu contemplated for a few minutes what to say. “Rika, I don’t think you would be wrong to stay
in this timeline. You’re a saint for even wanting to have saved her in the first place. It took Nishiki
to save me from murdering the man, who killed a close friend. Unfortunately, she’s dead and
there’s no fixing that. I know it’s not ideal for you, but it might be the only path forward we have.”
“Even then, we can’t just assume everyone is safe. I know Takano was the main cause, but she was
working with other people, right? Who’s to say someone else won’t go after your friends, and I’ll
be damned if I let that happen.”
The thought hadn’t quite occurred to Rika. “... You’re right. This is no time to be like this. Let’s…
let’s just go to Watanagashi for now. I really don’t know what happens next, but the best we can do
is just join up with everyone and protect them. In the best-case scenario, Takano’s death will have
thrown the whole operation in disarray and everything will turn out fine.”
Kiryu nodded. “Let’s try to enjoy Watanagashi today. I believe you have to get ready for a priestess
dance?”

Rika had a slight smile. “I do. Would you mind watching over my friends while I do that dance?”
Kiryu smiled back. “Of course.”
~~~~
Finally, evening had come and Watanagashi had begun. Booths were set up everywhere. There
were all sorts of games and foods to try. For the first time, Kiryu got to experience this wonderful
event with the kids. It had ended horrifically last time, but this time was different. He got to shoot
down a teddy bear to give to Rena as a prize. He got to participate in a food competition with
everyone else. He got to experience this joy with the kids.
As he watched the children have fun, he thought back to his childhood. I never really got to do stuff
like this, did I? My only friends were Nishiki and Yumi. I’ve made connections since then. Fighter…
well Fujisawa is one of the best friends I could ask for. It was only a couple of months ago we raced
again. And of course, I love to go out drinking with my employees. It’s just…
He suddenly found himself feeling self-conscious.
Keiichi and Rena were currently competing in a game. Rika was watching them, until she looked
back at Kiryu to see he seemed troubled. “Everything ok, Kiryu?”
“Er, yeah. It’s just… do I stand out? I haven’t thought about it since it’s been so fun with you all,
but I am a lot older than everyone here.”
Rika held back a laugh. “Really? That’s what you’re worried about? I thought you were maybe
worried about some Mountain Dogs watching us or something. Didn’t you use to play Pocket
Circuit with a bunch of kids?”
“Sure, but I had a good friend nearly a decade older than me there, so it averaged out. It’s a little
different here.”
“Is it, Kiryu? I think you’re forgetting I’m 80-something years older than you. I’m ancient
compared to anyone here, but that doesn’t change anything, does it?”
Kiryu had forgotten. He knew in the back of his head, but Rika was still physically 11. He sighed
and shrugged his shoulders. “Yeah, you’re right. On another note, do you think Satoko and Mion
are ok? I’m a little worried about them.”
Rika’s smile disappeared. She had a bad feeling in the back of her head. Hanyuu hadn’t seen
Satoko around in the Sonozaki estate. It wasn’t impossible that she had missed sight of her, but it
was suspicious.
And yet, Irie had said he had gone to the Sonozaki estate and checked on Satoko. Keiichi had also
heard from Mion that both were doing better, and Mion wasn’t the type to lie. At most, she would
cover for Rena or Keiichi, if either had committed murder in a fragment.
She was about to answer Kiryu when she was surprised to see a girl like Mion walking towards
them. It took a second to realize it was Shion. “Everyone, I’m here!”
Rena and Keiichi turned around. Rena’s face lit up. “Oh, it’s Shii!”
“What are you doing here?” Keiichi asked.

Shion feigned being hurt. “How rude. I’m here to join in the festivities. Apologies for being
fashionably late.”
“Well, it’s nice to have you join us, Shion,” said Kiryu. “How is your sister?”
“Oh, she’s still feeling a bit sick. She told me that Satoko was feeling well, and left a while ago for
the festival.”
Shion gave a glance around and noticed the obvious. “... Satoko is with you guys, right?”
She only received an awkward stare back from everyone. None of the five had any idea where she
was at. Rena’s eyes sharpened. “Maybe she still wasn’t feeling too well and went back to her
house?”
Rika suddenly had a worried look. “I’m going to go home and check real quick.” She tried to hide
the urgency in her voice, but both Kiryu and Shion picked up on it.
“Do you think something has happened to her, Rika?” Shion asked.
Rika didn’t want to worry her friends in case it was a false alarm, but Shion herself seemed to have
reason to be concerned. She squatted down, put both her hands on Rika’s shoulders, and looked her
fiercely in the eyes. “Rika, if you know something, please tell us. You’re the closest to her out of
anyone here. If anyone would know where she is, it would be you.”
Rika couldn’t just say that Hanyuu hadn’t seen her at the Estate. “I don’t know where she is… but
if she’s not around here at the festival, she would be at our house or she came back to Mion’s
house. Those are the only places I can think of. She’s not the type to just wander around. She might
go up to the mountains sometimes, but she’s never done that at night.”
Kiryu quickly realized they needed a plan. Being the adult in the situation, he spoke up. “If Satoko
is missing, we need to split up. Keiichi and Rena, I want you two to search around the festival. It’s
possible somehow all five of us have missed us here. I’ll go with Rika to the Sonozaki Estate to see
if she’s still there. Shion, you-”
“I’ll go to Sis’s house,” Shion said firmly. “You and Rika can go to her house, and check if she’s
there.”
Kiryu hadn’t expected her response. “Er, are you… even allowed to go there? I thought you had a
bad relationship with your family. Wouldn’t it be better if you went to Satoko’s house?”
“No, and I have my reasons. Don’t worry about my family situation. Trust me, they’ll let me in,”
she said with a righteous conviction in her eyes. Thinking back to it, she knew Mion had sounded
strange over the phone, but she shrugged it off as her being sick. She trusted her sister to not lie to
her.
That was a grave mistake. She knew Mion was an awful liar. She knew something had been
wrong, and she had messed up ignoring it. And she was more than determined to find out what it
was.
Everyone knew how protective Shion was of Satoko, and they didn’t doubt what she said. Kiryu
almost offered to at least come with her, but his #1 priority was protecting Rika. For all he knew

this could have been meant as some sort of diversion to get her alone. “OK, fine. I don’t think
they’d do anything to you, but just stay safe.”
“Don’t worry, I can take care of myself.”
With that all being said, Kiryu gave out instructions. “Rena and Keiichi, please search every nook
and cranny of this festival. Also, don’t go too far from it or search the backroads. If in the worstcase scenario Satoko has been kidnapped, I need you both to be safe and within sight of other
people. If you can’t find her within a half hour, please head home. Call us at Satoko’s house as soon
as you can.”
“Yes, Sir!” Both said in unison.
“Me and Rika will go to Satoko’s house now. Shion, you… you keep out of danger and do what
you think is best.”
“Right!”
They were all about to leave when Shion got close and whispered into Kiryu’s ear. “If you don’t get
a call back from me by midnight, assume something bad has happened.” Kiryu looked at her a bit
shocked, but quickly nodded his head.
In the midst of all this, Rika’s brain was frantically thinking of what could have happened. “
Hanyuu, please go search the Irie Clinic. If for some reason the Mountain Dogs got her, there
should be signs of her being there.”
“You got it!” Hanyuu answered, before disappearing.
As she walked with Kiryu, a potentially even worse outcome crept into her head. Mion would never
do anything to her. She’s never gotten the syndrome. She never ever has. So then, where… where is
Satoko?!
~~~~
Mion sat alone in her bedroom. At this point, the body double for Satoko had been obtained. It
would be “discovered” in the mountains early tomorrow morning. She had even picked the location
herself. She had to pick. She was the one who knew Satoko well, and where she liked to spend her
time. The cover story would be she got caught in one of her traps and died because of it. An
unintentional suicide. Just the tragic foolishness of a young girl.
It made her want to rip out her brain and tear it in half for having even come up with such a horrid
tale. She was already clawing at her hair. It was bad enough that she had to do all of this, why had
Shion also called her on top of everything else?
She wasn’t blaming her sister. Obviously, she would want to know how Satoko was doing.
However, it took everything she had to create not even a good lie. It was a half-baked one her sister
only believed because they trusted each other. All she could now was beg the world to just leave
her alone, and let her cease to exist.
A knock on her door nearly made her pull out a chunk of hair. “Miss Sonozaki, may I please come
in?” It was one of the grunts of the Family, most likely there to give Mion a message.

“Come in,” she answered.
The grunt opened the door and bowed. “There is a… guest wanting you. Should I turn her away?”
It almost seemed as if his words had gone through one ear and out the other. “A… guest?”
“To be more specific, it’s your sister, Miss Shion Sonozaki. She seems very… determined to meet
with you.”
The light left her eyes. “W-what do you mean she’s here?!”
The grunt wasn’t sure how to react. He had always seen the Heir composed and calm, so this was a
change of scenery. “She was asking about a girl named Satoko specifically. I believe she’s one of
your friends?”
Mion remained silent. She held up a finger and rushed to her bathroom. The yakuza didn’t need to
see what happened next to know what happened. The visceral, wretched puking noises made it
clear the Heir was in no state to see anyone including her sister. “I’ll send her away, Miss
Sonozaki.”
“No!” Mion shouted out, before letting out the last bits of her innards. After a minute, she came
back into view. “I’ll… I’ll see my Sister.”
To the grunt, it seemed like she was barely standing. He was about to say something, but the last
thing he wanted was to be punished by denying the Heir’s request. In the end, he reluctantly let it
go. “As you wish. If at any point you would like her to be removed from the premises, just give us
the signal.”
He left the door open, as Mion collected herself. She desperately didn’t want to leave her room, but
it would be 100x worse if Shion herself stormed into it. So putting everything she had into her act,
she forced herself forward one step at a time.
It seemed like an eternity to her, but she eventually reached the stairs. She paused. Maybe it
wouldn't be so bad if I just fell down these stairs too. I could join Satoko and atone for my sins. It's
not a bad deal. She shook her head viciously. That was the last thing she needed going through her
head right now.
It took a bit, but she eventually got down the stairs. She took a few deep breaths in and out to
prepare herself. Everything is ok. Everything is ok. All you have to do is tell her Satoko is fine.
After her prep talk, she entered into the living room. Two guards were present.
No amount of prep could have prepared her for seeing her sister standing on the other side of that
room. On Shion’s face was not an expression of anger, suspiciousness, or sadness. It was a
combination of all three. An expression that was truly heinous and it was directed right at Mion’s
soul.
It was the same look Shion had used on Mion when she had accused her family of killing Satoshi.
The same she had used while choking Mion asking what had happened to him. Mion didn’t know at
the time, nor did she know now. And here Shion was again using that look wanting to know what
happened to Satoko. Except this time Mion did know. And she was afraid of the demon in front of
her.

Any hopes of doing an act went instantly out the window. She almost screamed upon seeing Shion
had she not caught it in her throat. Mion didn’t move a muscle, but Shion wasted no time to get
close to Mion. “Why are you so scared, Sis? It’s just me. You don’t have anything to hide, right?
Mion felt like she was about to have a heart attack. “W-what’s wrong, Shion? I thought you were
going to the festival, what are you doing here?”
Shion’s eyes narrowed. “Don’t pull this bullshit with me. We both know why I’m here. You know
something about Satoko, don’t you?”
Mion didn’t have an answer. “I… I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You very clearly know something. You might not know where she is now, but you know that
something has happened to her. ‘Feeling better’ my ass.”
Mion began to shake, which only prompted Shion to feel more certain her sister was lying. “Pplease just leave.”
“I’ll leave once you tell me what you know about Satoko! What happened?!”
Mion was finally starting to break down with tears in her eyes. “P-please go. I promise you no one
here did anything to her.”
Shion lowered her face, her bangs covering her eyes. “Sis, you’ve never been a good liar,” she
whispered.
Before Mion knew it, Shion had grabbed her and slammed her against the wall. “WHAT DID
YOU DO TO HER?! FIRST SATOSHI WAS TAKEN FROM ME, AND NOW YOU’LL
TAKE SATOKO AWAY FROM ME TOO?! IF YOU HARMED A SINGLE HAIR ON HER,
I’LL FUCKING KILL-”
Shion cut herself off. Mion had already broken down in front of her. She wasn’t just crying, she
was full-on weeping letting everything out. Through the sobs, she could hear a mostly inaudible
“I’m sorry” and “It was an accident”. She was more than ready to have done something drastic if
her sister was responsible, and she was even admitting to having done something to Satoko.
And yet, Mion was more sorrowful now than when Shion had confronted her about Satoshi a year
ago. She had not forgotten the despondent expression her sister had had at the time, and it paled in
comparison to the utterly hopeless state she now found Mion in. It was such a strong reaction that
all the rage she had left instantly. She let go of Mion, and let her crumple to the ground.
“S-Sis… what happened?”
Before Mion could answer, a sharp noise was heard. Shion had been tasered in the back and fell to
the ground. Mion couldn’t believe what was happening in front of her. As reality set in, a boiling
anger erupted from her. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?!” She violently pushed the
yakuza with the taser away and grabbed Shion.
“P-please relax, Miss! She’s not dead, she’s just unconscious.”
“You think that changes anything?!” She hissed at the man. “Why did you hurt, Shion?!”

“B-because she was putting you in danger, Miss!” The other guard spoke up. W-were we supposed
to just sit by while you were being harmed?”
At that, Mion didn’t have an answer. In truth, they were right. They were her guards, and they
weren’t about to let the Heir be harmed. She gritted her teeth, as she held Shion close to her. Tears
flowed down her cheeks. “Why… why couldn’t you have seen she let go of me and wasn’t going to
do anything else?”
Neither of the guards were sure what to say. Both did know though, they were about to be in deep
trouble. “I-I’m sorry, Miss! I’ll take full responsibility,” one of the two exclaimed. He bowed
deeply begging that he wouldn’t have to cut off his pinky, much less be killed. The other guard
immediately followed his example.
A minute or so passed. Eventually, Mion spoke up. “No, you did the right thing.” The guard looked
up to see Mion. She had Shion’s unconscious body on her shoulder, clearly struggling to hold her
up. “Can I please have some help?”
Both guards rushed to hold up Shion. “W-what should we do with her, Miss Sonozaki?”
Mion didn’t answer at first. “Put her in the prison in the torture chamber, but do not harm her at all.
When she wakes up, make sure she gets some food and water.”
As the guards looked back at Mion, they were briefly shocked at what they saw. What would
describe her eyes? Lifeless? Hollow? Devoid of hope? These words filled their heads, but they
quickly dispelled them and carried out their task.
After being left alone, Mion crumpled to her knees. She was at her limits. All she could do was
wish that God would take her away then and there, but not even a wish like that could save her
now.

Chapter End Notes

I get now why Shion hated St. Lucia Academy, yeesh.

Chapter 30: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 12: Calm Before The Storm
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was ten past midnight. Both Kiryu and Rika had waited in her house. As the night passed, the
gang had asked others if anyone had seen Satoko, to the point some search parties were made.
Ultimately, no one found her or knew where she could have gone. The closest they got were some
of the yakuza in the Sonozaki Family saying they had seen her leave the house a little before the
festival had begun. Not a word from Shion had come through either.
Kiryu was pacing back and forth, while Rika looked down at the floor. She held her head in one
hand trying to soothe the headache that had formed from anxiety. Hanyuu was currently searching
around places she had already visited just in case. All three were worried sick as to where the poor
girl could be.
Another five minutes passed, and Kiryu finally stopped. He grabbed his suit and seemed to be
ready to head out. “Where are you going, Kiryu?” Rika asked.
He paused and faced Rika. “I’m going to the Sonozaki Estate.”
Rika’s eyes lit up. “W-wait! Kiryu, we don’t know if she’s there or not.”
“Rika, do you really expect me to just stand here when Satoko is missing? She’s nowhere to be
found. I can’t just stay here and do nothing.”
“I know! But there’s no way it’s because of Mion!”
“... I didn’t say it was because of her.” It had crossed both their minds, but Rika was the first to say
anything about it. “Still, you’ve told me about similar loops to this. Where Shion kidnapped Satoko
and… well she wasn’t herself. It might be the same for Mion in this loop.”
Rika gritted her teeth and looked down. “I just don’t understand. She’s never gotten the syndrome
before. She’s always the one that suffers the most. Even if she did get it, what the hell could’ve
triggered it?! I just… don’t get it.”
Kiryu took a moment to consider his words. “Don’t you think it’s suspicious that only those in the
Family are saying they saw Satoko, but no one else has? I’m not the smartest around, but I can
certainly tell you when something has gone wrong with the yakuza. They’re hiding something, and
whether Mion is involved or not I need to find out the truth.”
“I understand, but… do you think Mion would harm Satoko, especially after everything she’s done
for her? Maybe some sort of accident happened? I just… even now I don’t think she’s gotten the
syndrome.”
“... It’s not that I don’t trust Mion. She’s a wonderful girl. She’s even stronger than me in some
ways. I want to confront her because I believe in her. I want to hear from her herself that nothing
bad has happened.”

“... Kiryu, if you try to force your way into the Estate, you will be killed, or at least severely
injured. Please don’t rush to your death. We don’t even know if you’ll remember everything in the
next loop. We have to seriously consider our options here.”
At that, Kiryu finally felt some hesitation. “And if I don’t go now, and something happens to
Satoko because of it?”
Rika looked at Kiryu with solemn eyes. “Kiryu, it would have already happened by now. It’s
already too late if we consider that scenario. Trust me, I’d know.”
And at that, Kiryu found himself defeated. A heavy gloom filled the air. “I’ll wait till morning. I
can acknowledge it wouldn’t be the best idea to go right now at night.”
Rika perked up at Kiryu’s words. “I know it won’t be easy to sleep tonight Kiryu, but at least try.
Something tells me we’ll both need it for tomorrow.”
“You’re right, and just for the record…” He walked towards Rika, squatted down, and put his hands
on her shoulders. “I promise you I won’t die. Every day I’ve been training my ass off when I’m not
with you. I’m not going to lose to anyone again here. It doesn’t matter if I have to face everyone
here in Hinamizawa, I’ll protect you and your friends no matter what.”
Rika could only give a grateful smile to this man, who had gone above and beyond to help her.
“Thank you, Kiryu.”
~~~~
Morning had come. Shion’s eyes felt heavy as she awoke. A sharp pain from her back hit her, and
she winced. Her memory felt blurry, and she wasn’t entirely sure where she was. She observed her
surroundings and realized how dark it was. There was some light coming between the bars. Bars,
why are there iron bars… ?
She spotted her sister staring at her not too far away. She was sitting in a chair. She looked
incredibly tired, her eyes glazed over. They lit up a little upon noticing Shion, but she hesitated to
say anything. She avoided eye contact. “S-Shion, I can explain!”
Suddenly, her memory came rushing back to her and Shion bolted up at the cost of pain in her back
again. Mion scrambled from her chair. “Don’t move, please! You’ve been hurt! Just… just please
stay still and I’ll… I’ll explain.”
A few minutes passed as Shion collected herself. The last memory she had before she blacked out
was the vision of her sister utterly broken and weeping on the ground. She eventually realized she
must be in the prison in the torture area. She would be more alarmed if it weren’t for the fact she
was unharmed aside from her back.
Shion judged Mion carefully, while Mion timidly stared back at her sister not even being able to
keep eye contact most of the time. Finally, Shion spoke up. “Please tell me what happened between
you and Satoko.”
Straight to the point. Mion didn’t speak at first. Telling anyone the truth had its risks, but there was
no lying now. And besides possibly Rika, Shion deserved the truth more than anyone else. It killed
her heart to even think about it, but hadn’t she wanted to confess it? To ask for forgiveness for this
horrid sin she had made? That maybe with a miracle she could be saved?

“Please, Mion. I saw your tears. Whatever happened, I know it wasn’t your fault.”
Mion felt herself freeze. Shion had said both the last thing she had expected, and yet also the thing
she so desperately needed to hear. “You… you trust me?”
“I trust you enough for you to answer me honestly. As for what I’ll do next, I won’t know until you
tell me.”
Mion nodded once. It broke her heart to even think about it, but if she didn’t tell Shion she knew
she would break for good. “We… we had a sleepover. I wanted to help Satoko have fun. We… we
were playing a game of tag and enjoying it. She tried to put some distance between us by rushing
down the stairs and… and… and… “
She couldn’t finish. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. She didn’t need to. Shion had gotten
the idea, and her worst fears were confirmed. "Mion... " And with that, they both began to sob at
the loss of someone they both considered a friend. No, a third sister to them. One that was a ray of
sunshine they would never get to see again.
~~~~
Outside in the town of Hinamizawa, something was missing. Where had the characteristic higurashi
gone? Where were their familiar cries? Were they silent out of respect for the cries of the humans
they saw? Or perhaps the mix of weeping, talking amongst each other, and the general noise of the
crowd drowned it out.
Alas, that notion was lost on Rika. She rushed through Hinamizawa desperate to get to where
Hanyuu was leading her. She nearly tripped a few times, but she had to see it to believe it. Well no,
that’s not quite right. She had seen it hundreds of times, but one doesn’t ever really get used to it.
Lest we forget that denial is the first phase of grief.
She eventually reached the crowd. It was much like the one Kiryu had seen for Takano’s murder
scene. There were even more police, and most of the town seemed to be there. No one had wanted
to believe, but they all knew there was a chance for this to have happened. Who’s to say it would be
the last in that cursed town?
She forced herself through the crowd, not even caring if she was rude or aggressive. Eventually, she
reached the front and there she saw the tragic scene. Kiryu was sitting down on the ground. He had
been the first to find her body. He was cradling her in his hands. The police had tried to reason with
him to let go of her, so they could investigate the body. All it had taken was one look from him to
remove the idea from any of their heads. Not a single soul was brave enough to confront the man
who dared not let anyone even get close to them both. It perhaps didn’t make logical sense, but
every person there instinctually felt the aura coming off the man.
It was only once he had spotted Rika that it finally diminished. The ferocity in his eyes was gone,
and all that remained was emptiness. Rika couldn’t even cry. She almost felt it would be an insult to
the man in front of her, who was suffering even more than she was. “Rika…” He muttered. “Is this
what it has felt like every time?”
“... Yes”
“Does it ever get any easier?”

“No. No, it doesn’t.”
Kiryu didn’t respond. The tears finally came. “Why did it have to be her again? I didn’t want any of
you to die, but why her? Why her again after everything?”
Rika finally took a closer look at the corpse of her best friend. It looked bruised and battered. The
story Hanyuu had told was that Kiryu had found her near the base of the mountain she played on.
That she seemed to have fallen down it. Except, something wasn’t quite right. And that was when
she realized it. “Kiryu, this isn’t Satoko.”
A deep chill ran through Kiryu. He looked up at Rika, a glimmer of hope in his eyes. “What do you
mean?”
Upon this realization though, Rika finally realized something far worse was the truth. She found
herself speechless. “Rika, what is it? Please, tell me!” Kiryu yelled out, hoping to wake the girl
from her trance.
“It’s… it’s a body double.”
A deeply uncomfortable silence came between the two. “What did you just say, young lady?”
They both turned to see Ooishi of all people. “You have reason to believe this is a fake body?”
Kiryu stuttered, but Rika answered for him. “Yes, I… I believe so.”
At this, Ooishi found himself confused. In his mind, this was yet another murder in the
Watanagashi series. Another obviously done by the Sonozakis. And yet, he knew Rika Furude. He
knew she and Satoko lived together, and that they were best friends. So why on Earth was one of
the first things this girl said upon seeing Satoko’s death was that it was a fake body? Was she just in
denial? No, she said it with almost too much confidence.
There was none of the usual relaxed feeling he had, Ooishi was staring at Rika fully suspicious.
“What do you know, girl?”
Before Rika could answer, Kiryu set down the body and got up. He was about to leave when Ooishi
put a hand on his shoulder. “Woah, hang on there Mr. Dragon. I know you’re a busy man and all,
but I can’t imagine you’re going shopping now.”
Kiryu didn’t reply at first. He simply looked back. Ooishi reflexively pulled back his hand. It was
an expression he had seen more than once. The eyes of a man, who had nothing to lose and was
certainly not about to be stopped by him. “I’m going to the Sonozaki Estate. If you want to follow,
be there in 20 minutes. I’m going with or without your help.”
And with that, he began walking away. Rika quickly followed after Kiryu yelling for him to wait.
One of the cops walked towards Ooishi. He looked like his nerves were shot. “S-Sir, who the hell
was that man? I’ve seen a lot of dangerous folks in my time on the force, but that man… that man
was different.”
Ooishi wiped the sweat from his brow. His fear finally fading. “That was the Dragon of Dojima. …
And he certainly lives up to the legend.”
“Sir, what should we do?”

“... Call for all the units we have. Have the Sonozaki Estate surrounded immediately. Something
big is about to happen, and we’re going to need all the damage control we can get.”
“And that man, Sir? Should we do something about him?” The officer reluctantly asked, unsure if
they even could do anything to the man.
Ooishi paused and then gave a sly smile. “Can’t believe I’m saying this, but I’m more worried
about the Sonozakis.”
~~~
Kiryu was in his house. He had already put on a bulletproof vest and was putting on what appeared
to be some sort of gauntlets. He was about to put on some brass knuckles when Rika burst in. She
was huffing and puffing from trying to keep up with Kiryu. “K-Kiryu, wait! Think about what we
talked about last night. You can’t just-”
“I’m not going to die,” he said, interrupting her. Brass knuckles equipped, he looked ready to face
anything. “We both know the Sonozakis are involved at this point, and I’m going to make them
give me the truth.”
“It’s… it’s not you dying I’m afraid of at this point.”
Kiryu’s wrath had subsided enough he could understand what Rika meant. “I’m not going to hurt
Mion, and I’m not going to kill any of them, either.”
Rika looked at him skeptically. “Kiryu, we both know you don’t need weapons to…”
She didn’t want to finish, but he knew she was referring to the bloodbath last loop. A chill ran
down Kiryu’s back, and he slowly took the brass knuckles off. He felt humiliated that he hadn’t
considered that he very well could repeat his sins if he wasn’t careful.
“Promise me, Kiryu. Promise me you’ll come back alive. And if possible, please… save Mion.”
Kiryu kneeled and hugged Rika. “I’m sorry I’ve already broken my promise and wasn’t able to
protect Satoko. I swear I’ll save Mion, and protect her no matter what.”
Rika began to cry. “It’s not your fault. And I trust in Mion that it’s not her’s either.”
“I know. I do too.”
“And… if you have to break some bones and crack some ribs, do it. Just please go easy on them,
while still protecting yourself.”
“I will. I swear it.”

Chapter End Notes

Strained my back a bit last week, ironically. I know how Shion feels now.

Chapter 31: Demon's Tears Arc Chapter 13: A Real Yakuza
Chapter Notes

A Yakuza long battle theme may enhance the experience while reading this. Any will do, but I
was listening to this one a lot while writing this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=wl9SlFoapfI&pp=ygUOcmVpZ24gZHVhbCBtaXg%3D

See the end of the chapter for more notes

As Kiryu was saying goodbye to Rika, he saw Rena and Keiichi running towards him. They looked
panicked and out of breath. “Kiryu, what’s going on?!” Keiichi yelled.
“Is Satoko ok or not?!” Rena added.
Kiryu looked at them sternly. “Listen well.” The two stopped in their tracks. “Rika can fill you in
on everything. I have to go. Please stay safe, and watch over Rika. I’m going to see Mion.”
Before either of them could say anything, he ran off towards the Sonozaki Estate. Both faced Rika
looking for answers. She took a breath. “I don’t have anything concrete for you. All I know is that
the body they found was a fake, and we both think the Sonozakis are involved.”
Neither Keiichi nor Rena knew what to make of this. Rena’s expression sharpened. “I think
something is wrong with Mion.”
“What do you mean?” Keiichi asked.
“Do you remember Friday when we were in the library? Mion was worried about Kiryu potentially
being this ‘legendary yakuza’, and was having issues trusting him. Kiryu would never do
something to her, but if it was something involving her family…”
A heavy silence surrounded the trio. Keiichi perked up. “Now that you mention it, I called Mion
Saturday to check up on her and Satoko. She sounded… anxious, but I just thought it was because
she was sick. She also wasn’t at the festival last night. Rika, have you heard anything from Mion
recently?”
Rika didn’t reply. Her mind was too distracted by what Rena had said. If Mion knows Kiryu is the
Dragon of Dojima then… is he going to be ambushed?!
She quickly grabbed Keiichi and Rena’s hands. “We need to go after Kiryu! I think he’s in danger!”
She was about to run off when Rena pulled on her arm. “Hang on, Kiryu just ran off without telling
us anything. What is he doing?”
“… He’s going to storm the Sonozaki Estate and meet with Mion, even if he has to take on the
whole Sonozaki Family.”
~~~~

The Estate looked like a scene from a mafia movie. The police had attempted to surround it, but
were now in a stand-off with the yakuza blocking every entrance. Most of the cops were on edge,
but Ooishi sat in his car. He seemed almost carefree in contrast to the tense atmosphere. Perhaps
because he had dreamed of this day many times. In reality, it wasn’t that different from his
expectations.
He glanced at the mirror and saw someone. “Ah, here comes the Dragon.”
Hair sleeked back and a determined look in his eyes, he walked up the pathway. Ooishi got out of
his car to greet him. “Mr. Kazuma, I assume you’re here on business.”
Kiryu paid no attention to the sarcastic remark. “I’ll be going in alone. Only send in your guys after
a half-hour, if I don’t come back.”
Ooishi felt a slight chill. “That’s assuming there will be anything left for us to do once you’re
finished.”
Kiryu faced Ooishi with curiosity. “You seem suspiciously fine with a civilian interfering with
police business.”
Ooishi smirked and grabbed a cigar and his lighter. “A civilian yes, but last I checked there’s
nothing illegal about a dragon interfering,” he said, winking. “You’re helping us out, anyway.”
Kiryu nodded. As he approached, the yakuza on the other side got more and more anxious. They
dared not shoot at him in fear of the cops retaliating. The scene caused memories to flood back to
Kiryu.
It’s been almost five years since then. Every day that December, I was fighting for my life. Fighting
to find out the truth. And here I am now doing the same thing. Kiryu smirked to himself. I guess
I’ve grown soft being a civvy. I don’t remember it being this scary. And to think they’re the ones
terrified of me. … Alright, let’s do this.
With a roar, Kiryu ran full force towards the Sonozaki Family. None of them even had time to react,
before a few had a fist right in their face. One behind Kiryu tried to land a punch, but he dodged
with ease and landed a counter hook right to the cheek. Another charged him with a knife, but he
dodged, grabbed the arm, and kneed it cracking the bone. Overcome with pain, he dropped the
knife only for Kiryu to land a clean knockout punch.
The police were in awe at what they were watching. One man was taking on multiple yakuza at
once, without even breaking a sweat. “Who the hell is this guy?” One of the cops asked Ooishi.
Ooishi wore a smile enjoying the show before him. “That is a man, who is an expert in mixed
martial arts, boxing, karate, grappling, street fighting, and brute strength all at once. Though, really
I don’t think there’s a name for his fighting style. Perhaps you could call it custom-made. Just be
glad we’re not on the receiving end of those punches. Poor bastards.”
A few minutes had passed, and a dozen yakuza were on the ground groaning in pain. The main
entrance to the Estate was sealed off. Kiryu sighed. Where the hell can I get in?! Is there maybe a
spot where I can climb over the wall on the side?
Kiryu ran across the wall looking for any entrance. He eventually was on the left side of the Estate.
Two yakuza with katana attempted to ambush him from the bushes. Kiryu barely dodged the slice

of one, as it grazed his cheek. He blocked both of the attacks with his gauntlets and kicked one of
the grunts in the groin. The other was still in shock his attack had been blocked, and he couldn’t
react when Kiryu grabbed him by the collar and slammed him face-first into the wall. He broke the
leg of the one on the ground by stomping on it just to be safe.
It was then he spotted a police car parked next to the wall. The cops inside were bewildered at the
scene before them. An idea struck Kiryu. Nearly shitting themselves, Kiryu rushed towards the
cops’ car. He jumped on top and used the elevated height to climb over the wall. He was now
inside, much to the panic of those nearby on patrol.
“Who the fuck are you?!” One of them cried out. Kiryu stared forward, ignoring the question. “If
you don’t want to get hurt, get out of my way.” Of course, they ignored this as well and rushed him.
There was a massive log nearby, and Kiryu quickly grabbed it. Before they knew what hit them, he
swung at the five, knocking them away. He dropped the log and advanced.
~~~~
Deep underground in the ritual storehouse, the sisters were sitting somberly. Neither of them knew
what to say to the other, nor could they fix anything. Suddenly, one of the Sonozaki grunts ran in.
“Ms. Sonozaki! The Dragon is outside with the police! They found out it was a fake body! What
are your orders?!”
Mion froze. “The… Dragon?”
“Yes, Kiryu Kazuma! He hasn’t engaged us yet, but we are positive he will try to get inside! What
should we do?!”
Shion was shocked to hear Kiryu’s name. As in Mr. Kiryu?! Our teacher?! What is he doing here?!
Thoughts raced through Mion’s mind. How the hell did they find out it was a fake? Was it Rika?
And Kiryu is here?! Oh God, he’s here! What am I doing? I have to do something. I have to do
something! I have to… No, it doesn’t matter who it is. I can’t just freeze up like before. My family is being attacked. I
need to take action, and not shut down. She repeated those thoughts over and over, getting rid of
anything that wasn’t being the Heir.
“Ms. Sonozaki, please! We need-”
“Silence!” Mion stood up with as much confidence as she had. “Gather everyone we have, and do
not let him in, no matter what. Relay the orders to everyone you can. I’ll go tell Granny what’s
going on.”
“Y-yes ma’am!” The grunt then quickly left. Mion was about to do so as well when Shion spoke
up. “Wait, Mion! That’s not OUR Kiryu, right?!”
Mion paused and gritted her teeth. She didn’t reply, but instead reached into her pocket. She
grabbed the key to Shion’s cell, and dropped it on the ground in front of the cell just far enough
away Shion couldn’t grab it. Mion looked at her sister with a miserable look. “Just please stay here
till someone gets you.”

And with that, Mion ran off. “Wait! Mion, come back! Sister!!” Her pleas fell on deaf ears. As
Mion ran towards her house, her only thoughts were about dealing with Kiryu. I have to protect the
Sonozaki Family no matter what! No matter what!!
~~~~
The Sonozaki Estate was divided into three areas vertically. The lowest hosts the entrance and some
gardens. A middle connecting the two with more gardens and decorative statues. Finally, there is
the top level with the mansion, ritual chamber, and a decently sized pond behind the house. Kiryu
was currently trying to get up the stairs and go up to the middle.
He saw a glint out of the corner of his eye, and quickly rolled and dodged. One of the grunts had a
gun, and had missed. Kiryu took cover behind a tree. Dammit, of course, they have guns! He took a
breath and ran with gunfire following him. He very quickly ran out of bullets. “F-fuck not now!”
Kiryu saw his chance and rushed the yakuza.
He was about to knock his lights out, when he saw another grunt not too far away also aiming at
him. He reacted accordingly, grabbed the grunt closest, pulled his arm behind his back near
breaking it, and put him in front of the path of the gun. “D-don’t shoot! Please!”
Not having expected a hostage situation, the grunt fumbled with his gun. Kiryu blitzed towards
him, his buddy still in the line of fire. With all his might, he threw the man towards the other,
knocking them both out.
He was about halfway up the stairs when he saw five grunts rushing him. He also noticed six more
were behind him, getting close. Kiryu was trapped. He clicked his tongue and ran up the stairs. He
football tackled the two in front, knocking them both into two behind. Kiryu then grabbed the fifth
and launched him towards the six pursuing him from behind. They were already climbing up, only
to be blasted back down the stairs from their ally.
And with that, Kiryu rushed to the middle level.
~~~~
Mion was out of breath by the time she reached her house. She ran upstairs to see Oryou sitting
calmly. “Grandma, what are you doing?! Kiryu is going to storm this place!”
Oryou stared back, her expression unchanged. “I’m aware, Mion. I just heard over the radio he’s
entered the premises and will be here soon enough.”
Mion didn’t know what to say. Oryou chuckled to herself. “It’s funny, isn’t it? Man’s most foolish
belief is that we are born equals. It might be only every one in a million, but there are those born
above others. Regardless of them being good or evil, they change the world and their names go
down in history. That’s the type of man we’re dealing with now.”
Mion felt herself getting extremely flustered. “Grandma, this is no laughing matter! The Sonozakis
are going to be done for, if we don’t do something!”
“And what would you suggest we do at this point?”
“ … W-we can… um, I… you… “ Nothing came to mind.

“Mion, that man is a real yakuza. He doesn’t care who he’s up against. He’s the type that could
fight 100 men, and would still be more than able to fight 100 more. He fights for his beliefs, and to
protect his ideals and those close to him. Can you do the same, Mion?”
Once again, she found herself unable to come up with an answer. And it was a soul-crushing
realization. “I… I’m not sure who or what I believe in anymore.”
“… Believe in your pride as a yakuza, and believe in your friends.”
Mion was utterly perplexed. “W-what do you mean, Grandma?”
“You’ve always been stuck between being the heir to this Family and also just being a normal girl
who loves her friends and this community. At times, I’ve wondered if we have severely burdened
you, yet you always prove me wrong, forging your own path, and balancing the two. Maybe this is
the logical endpoint of that. A final trial you must overcome. What will you do?”
This was it. These were the words Mion needed to clear the fog. She seriously contemplated for a
few minutes her next actions. “I know what I’m going to do.”
~~~~
How many men had Kiryu dealt with at this point? 50? 70? 80? 100 even? They just never seemed
to stop coming. He had cleared the middle level and was about to reach the top one, though not
without injury. He had taken a few blows to the head, and was mildly bleeding. As he overcame the
final step, there in front of him was the house. He had expected a small army awaiting him, but
there was a single man instead. He was tall, wore sunglasses, and was brandishing a shotgun.
“I’m afraid you stop here, Kiryu Kazuma.” He was aiming right at Kiryu. There was a solid twenty
feet between the two. Certainly not short enough for Kiryu to close the distance without risk of a
fatal injury. They both stared at each other intensely.
“May I at least have your name?” Kiryu asked.
“What’s it to you?”
“It just seems unfair you know mine, but I have no clue who you are.”
“… Kasai,” the man said after a long pause.
A flash of recognition played in Kiryu’s eyes. Oh, so this is Shion’s bodyguard. He certainly fits the
bill. “Can I possibly convince you to move aside, Kasai? I’d like to talk with your boss.”
“Afraid I can’t do that. You’ve already beaten the shit out of almost the whole family. Someone has
to stop you. It’s not too late for you to leave. I can’t say the Family won’t try to kill you afterward,
but you can always skip town. You got that lovely Kamurocho to return too.”
Kiryu stayed silent for a few seconds. He took one step forwards, causing Kasai to tense. “Y’know,
I can’t exactly do warning shots with this. Don’t get any closer, or you will regret it.”
“Is this really what you want to do, Kasai? I don’t think this would make Shion happy.”
This caused Kasai to waver slightly. In that time, Kiryu took another step, but Kasai was instantly
ready again to shoot his innards out. “It’s orders from the Boss. Can’t say I want to do this either,

but I have my duty to protect the Family. A worse man than me would’ve filled you with holes by
now.”
“I know, and I’m grateful for your restraint so far.” A lethal silence entered. Shit, where do I go
from here? “Do you know where Shion is right now?”
“… She’s fine.”
“She’s one of my students, so I have a responsibility to watch out for her. So is Mion… and
Satoko.”
A visible bead of sweat appeared on Kasai’s forehead. Kiryu took another step. “Ask yourself, are
you really doing the right thing?” Yet another step taken. Kasai had not let go of the shotgun. He
very well could murder Kiryu with one push of the trigger. And yet, he found himself hesitating.
“I’m protecting the Family! You think you can just barge in here and do whatever you want?!”
Kiryu ignored him, and closed the distance a little more. “Are you going to abandon those closest
to you just for the sake of following orders? There’s loyalty, and then there’s foolishness. At the
end of all of this, are you even going to be able to look Shion in the eyes? How would she feel
knowing you helped in covering up the death of the girl she loved like a sister?”
And at that, Kasai finally felt defeated. He finally lowered the shotgun. “Go, Shion is in the ritual
storehouse,” he said softly under his breath.
Kiryu was planning to have rushed him as soon as he had a chance, but it seemed he wouldn’t have
to fight after all. “… Thank you.”
No sooner had the two met, did they part. Kasai looked up in the sky. It looked like it would start
raining any minute now. Dammit, I really have gotten soft.
~~~~
Kiryu stormed into the ritual storehouse. Calling it creepy would be an understatement. It was dark,
but there was enough light to see a cell in the corner. In it was a familiar girl. “Kiryu, is that you?!”
“Yes! I’ve come to rescue you.”
“W-wait, you really are Kiryu, right?”
“Yeah, don’t you recognize me?”
Shion stared blankly. “I just would have never guessed you’d be able to take on my whole Family.
How fucking strong are you?”
“… Language, Shion,” he said as he searched around for the key.
“It’s right on the ground in front of you!” She said, pointing at it.
Indeed, the key was right there. Kiryu wasn’t sure how or why, but he wasn’t about to question it.
He unlocked the cage, and Shion scrambled out free from her confines.

“I’m so glad you’re saf- oof!” Kiryu was interrupted by Shion nearly tackling him. She embraced
him, as tears began to form. Kiryu hugged her back. “Thank God, you’re ok.”
“Kiryu, please! You have to save, Sis. She’s… she’s about to do something dangerous. Please, it
was an accident! She didn’t do anything wrong. It just…”
Her voice trailed off, but Kiryu understood what she meant. “I… I want to talk to Mion. It’s not that
I don’t trust you, but I want to hear what she has to say. I want to let her know she’s not alone.”
Shion let go of Kiryu. “I don’t know what she’ll do, but please don’t hurt her.”
“I’ll try my best. Whatever happens next, I’ll make sure she’s ok.”
The two left the storehouse, and made the short trek over to the Estate. Kiryu carefully opened the
front door, with Shion following from a distance. She looked behind to see dozens of grunts lying
unconscious. It looked like it had literally rained men. “You… didn’t kill any of them, right?”
“No, but I hope you guys have good health insurance.”
Kiryu peeked inside. There was no one to be found. It almost seemed abandoned. He entered into
the main dining area, only to be greeted with an unusual sight. Oryou was sitting, drinking a cup of
tea. She wasn’t fazed at all by Kiryu’s arrival. “Welcome to my home, Kiryu Kazuma. Or at least
what’s left of it,” she said, bitterly laughing.
Kiryu didn’t know how to react. Even in this situation, she’s exceptionally calm. Did she expect this
would happen?
She sat down her tea on the table in front of her. “Come, have a seat. I imagine, you have many
questions. You’ve certainly earned the right. Or maybe you’re here to punch me, too? Beat me up
till you're satisfied? That seems to be how you operate.”
Kiryu ignored her taunts. “Where’s Mion Sonozaki at?”
“… She’s in the back waiting for you. Don’t keep her waiting. And Shion, you’re awful at hiding
yourself. Get out from there instantly!”
Shion had been hiding behind a wall, but her grandma knew better. She reluctantly entered the
room. Her expression was full of contempt. “Nice to see you again, hag.”
“The feeling is mutual.”
Kiryu hesitated for a second. Oryou looked at him like he was an idiot. “I said, don’t keep her
waiting! The whole Estate is surrounded by police, and you’ve already beaten up everyone for
them! I’ll cut you down if you stay here one moment longer!”
Kiryu took the hint, and left immediately. Oryou sighed, and looked at her granddaughter. “Well,
shouldn’t you be leaving with him?”
“You’re being awful easygoing about this, hag. The Oryou I know would have cut him down as
soon as he entered the estate.”
She laughed, and faced away from Shion. “It’s simple really. … That man might be the only one,
who can ease her burden at this point.”

~~~~
Into the vast backyard of the Estate, Kiryu entered. Rain had stared to come down, and the sky was
a bleak gray. It took him a few moments, but he soon spotted a figure. A young girl with two katana
sheathed around her waist. She stared at Kiryu resolutely. “So you’ve come,” Mion stated.
Despite having gone through everything for this moment, Kiryu found himself unsure of what to
say. He had practiced a few things in his head, and yet what should he say to his student? In the
end, he settled on a simple question. “Please, Mion, tell me what happened. I want to hear the truth
from you. What happened to Satoko?”
Mion didn’t reply. Instead, she took one of the katana out of its sheath. Not expecting Mion to
immediately resort to violence, he took a defensive stance. Unexpectedly, she threw it his way.
“Fight me, Kiryu Kazuma.”
Kiryu couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “M-Mion this is ridiculous! I didn’t come here to fight
you. I just want to know the truth.”
“I said fight me!” Mion roared, ignoring Kiryu’s pleas. “Have you forgotten this is how the yakuza
works? You think you can just tear apart my men, and get away with it?! Even I have my pride.”
“I’m… I’m sorry, I did what I had to do. I didn’t kill any of them, but… yes, I beat up your men.”
“I have to avenge them. It’s my role as the Heir. If you truly want to know what happened, defeat
me Dragon of Dojima. Defeat me in a duel between yakuza!”
Kiryu gritted his teeth. As much as he wanted to avoid a fight, he’ll have to win vs. Mion without
hurting her. At least, as little as he could. “You don’t have to do this, Mion. You’re my student, and
my friend. I… I don’t want to hurt you.”
Mion’s eyes slightly wavered, but her determination returned just as quickly. “Pick up the katana, if
you value your life. If you don’t in the next few moments, I will cut you down.”
Kiryu could tell she was serious. A massive, deep green aura surrounded her. With no remaining
options, Kiryu finally picked up the katana. “If I win Mion, you will tell me everything.”
“As I said. And if you lose, you must leave and never return to this place. You must also tell the
police you were mistaken, and the corpse found was the real one.”
Kiryu nodded, acknowledging the lethal deal. Mion took a deep breath in and out. “Come at me,
Kiryu Kazuma!!!”

Chapter End Notes

Note to reader: Trying to do Elden Ring, One Piece, Gintama, and Umineko at same time,
while fulltime employed is a bad idea. Don't be me.
Art was commissioned by the lovely trick-starr: https://www.tumblr.com/trick-starr

Chapter 32: Demon's Tears Arc FINALE: The End of Denial
Chapter Notes

I would suggest listening to Ishin final boss theme for this fight. That was at least what I was
listening to while writing this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=3AKRhnrpWKg&pp=ygUdeWFrdXphIGlzaGluIGZpbmFsIGJvc3MgdGhlbWU%3D

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Lightning scattered across the sky. Beneath the storm had gathered two warriors. Both wishing it
hadn’t come to this. Shion stared from the window in awe. “What the hell is Sis doing?! Is she
trying to get herself killed?!”
Oryou signalled for her to not interfere. “Do not insult your sister’s pride. I would worry more
about the Dragon.”
Shion looked at her like she was crazy, but upon a closer look, Kiryu was the one sweating. Is he…
actually scared?
The two were circling each other. Kiryu tried to keep his breaths steady, while Mion seemed calm
and unperturbed. The dynamic was not one of an adult fighting a child, but two samurai engaged in
a duel.
Though, Kiryu himself knew he was hardly a samurai. She’s far better at wielding a katana than I
am. She’s no master, but whatever amateur experience I have is nothing compared to her. How do I
approach this without losing, or hurting her?
Kiryu didn’t have time to think. Mion finally made a move. She approached unexpectedly quick,
and used a downwards chop. Kiryu blocked it in time, but it had clearly shaken him. He took a step
back, but Mion dared not let him retreat. A horizontal slash, a diagonal, a stab, and finally another
downwards chop with even more strength behind it than the first.
Shion was in awe. “Since when was Sis so…”
“Strong?” Oryou filled in. “She’s one of the strongest people in this town. Not perhaps in physical
strength, but she is the Heir for a reason. I am proud to have her as my granddaughter.”
Shion knew similar feelings didn’t extend to herself, but she couldn’t deny Mion’s strength. She
wasn’t born this way. I know better than anyone else how far she’s come.
Meanwhile, Kiryu was struggling to block all of Mion’s attacks. And yet, Mion was getting
flustered that she hadn’t even landed a clean hit in yet. Is this the gap that separates us?! I’m giving
it my all and I clearly have the advantage. So how is he blocking me so well?! Is it just more
experience?
Mion’s eyes sharpened. She went for a feint on Kiryu’s left. Kiryu anticipated it, only for Mion to
deliver a low kick to his knee. He buckled for a second, and Mion landed a hit on Kiryu’s right

shoulder.
He had managed to avoid it somewhat, but the cut was there nonetheless. Kiryu winced in pain.
The only silver lining, is that it wasn’t too deep. Unfortunately, Mion wouldn’t let him rest for a
second. The onslaught continued.
Shion covered her mouth. “Sis isn’t… actually trying to kill him, right?”
“Something like that won’t kill him. One wrong move and Mion will lose.”
The battle continued. Sparks flew and the sounds of metal clashing filled the air. Kiryu had been
fighting purely defensively at this point, but now even he was looking for some sort of counter
now. He didn’t want to hurt Mion at all. However, this was not a situation where he could just
overpower her. At the least, he needed to do something to disarm her.
An idea came to mind. He put all of his strength into a downwards chop. Mion blocked it, but it
was the heaviest attack from Kiryu yet. Her nerves ached from the impact, and she was caught off
guard by Kiryu following up with a sweep. She panicked as she lost her footing and fell backwards.
Kiryu was hoping she’d drop the katana, or that he could at least kick it away after she fell. Mion
was one step ahead. She grasped some mud and threw it at Kiryu’s eyes. It landed, and Kiryu
immediately retreated, being taken by surprise. He quickly stepped back, wiping the mud away
with his sleeves. Except, Mion was no longer there. Instinctually, he held his blade behind his back
to block a sneak attack from Mion.
She gritted her teeth and backed off. The two were now back to a neutral state. They began to circle
each other again. A minute passed with no advance from either of them. The tension was lethally
high. Kiryu’s stamina had been worn thin, and the pressure was starting to get to him. Mion’s
composure was shaky as well, but she sensed Kiryu’s hesitation.
Mion rushed Kiryu and the two clash. To Kiryu’s surprise, Mion immediately grabbed his arm
afterward. In one swift motion, she put him in an arm lock, causing him to let go of the katana, and
throw it behind him. She let go, and rushed for the katana before Kiryu could stop her. Despite all
odds, Kiryu had been the one disarmed.
Shion’s mouth was agape. “What the hell did Sis just do?” Oryou smirked. “It’s not a traditional
way of disarming someone, but it works well in conjunction with her aikido.”
Dual katana in Mion’s hand, and nothing for Kiryu but bare fists and the gauntlets on his arms for
protection. Mion gave a nervous smile at her supposed victory. “You’ve lost, Kiryu.”
Kiryu didn’t reply. He simply entered his natural fighting stance. If anything, he looked more
confident without a katana. “I fought over 100 men to get here with all sorts of weapons, including
guns. What makes you think I’ll stop now?”
For the first time, Mion went pale. The atmosphere had completely changed. Shion looked at Kiryu
like he was crazy, and in some ways he was. “There’s no way he can actually win now, right?”
Oryou looked on with her usual unreadable expression. “The Dragon is possibly more dangerous
unarmed than armed. Like I said, one wrong move.”
Mion’s heart was racing. She attempted to rationally think through her predicament. He should only
have protection on his arms from the gauntlets, anywhere else should be a free strike. She gathered

her resolve, and made the first move. Two slashes were made. One aimed for Kiryu’s right arm, and
the other aiming for a stab to the chest.
A rather awkward attack for Kiryu to block at this point. Kiryu had special training, though. He
didn’t just relax after leaving the yakuza, he had trained under a master in his spare time. A man
named Sotaro Komaki. He had not learned all the man’s techniques, but at least one would come in
handy here.
With a roar, he used the Komaki Parry with all his strength. It was a simple, but effect move. He
swung his right arm upwards at an angle to knock back the blade. The sheer power caught Mion off
guard, and she took a step back, being unable to follow through on the second slash.
It was a bold and dangerous move, but Kiryu bet it all on this. He tackled Mion, and they both fell
to the ground. Mion had the wind knocked out of her, and sure enough, Kiryu was above her in the
mount position. She had managed to hang on to the swords, but Kiryu held down her forearms. No
amount of aikido knowledge, katana training, or even ground grappling knowledge would get her
out of this.
Just like that, the tables had turned. Mion desperately fought on the ground to get any sort of
strength or release from his hold, but Kiryu had a solid 100 pounds over her and was not about to
let her do anything. Kiryu looked apologetically at her that it had had to come to this. “Mion,
please. Let go of the katana. It’s over.”
She did not reply. Rather, she thrashed about violently, looking for anything she could do. “This
was a fight between yakuza, Mion. I won, and you lost. I took on your whole family, and won.
Please, just tell me the truth of what happened between you and Satoko.”
At that, all of Mion’s strength left. The katana dropped from her hands. She closed her eyes, unable
to bear Kiryu’s gaze. “You wouldn’t believe me even if I told you the truth. My family and I are
nothing but demons that have brought suffering to the Hojos.”
Kiryu got off of her. She opened her eyes in surprise to see him lifting her up, and putting her down
standing. And with that, he did what he had been wanting to do from the beginning. He embraced
her tightly. “Neither you nor anyone in your family is a demon. You are my student, and my friend.
You were a poor girl alone and suffering, and I was not able to recognize it. And for that, I am
sorry. Please forgive your foolish teacher for being unable to help you, when you desperately
needed it.”
Mion was limp in Kiryu’s arms. It felt like time had stopped for her. Gradually, tears began to form.
A slight whimper eventually transformed into bawling. She cried and cried into Kiryu’s chest as
she let her soul weep. Everything she had restrained and kept hidden poured out. Kiryu continued
to hug her, at least till she was ready to let go.
Shion felt like she was dreaming. But it was a wonderful dream. One that she couldn’t believe was
reality. Before she could speak up, she heard a ruckus behind her. Rika, the club members, and
Ooishi along with some cops had stormed the place. “Put your hands up!” One of the cops yelled.
Oryou put a finger to her mouth, shushing him. The cop was confused till he looked past her to see
Kiryu and Mion. The scene spoke for itself. Even the rain had started to slow down, and the sun
was beginning to shine through. No one knew how to really react, except for Rika. She breathed a
sigh of relief, and almost fell to her knees. Keiichi and Rena thankfully noticed, and caught her.
“Woah, Rika!” Keiichi yelled. “Are you ok?” Rena asked.

Rika had a soft smile on her face. “I’m fine. I’m just… so happy they’re ok.”
“Mmm, I wouldn’t call Kiryu fine. His shoulder is bleeding,” Ooishi said, pointing. Upon closer
inspection, the group realized his suit was stained red and cut open. The kids wanted to rush over,
but Ooishi held up his hand. “Just wait a few minutes first, kids.”
Three police officers approached the two. None of the three exactly wanted to interrupt the scene,
but they had a job to do. Kiryu looked up, and gave a nod. He let go of Mion. She had finished
crying. Her expression a strange mix of relief and shame. She took a deep breath in and out.
“Please bring my friends here. They deserve to know the truth.”
The three officers briefly discussed among themselves deciding what to do. They eventually
decided to signal everyone to come over. A small crowd had formed around Mion at this point. She
looked down at the ground, unable to look anyone in the eye. Her mind recited the words Kiryu had
whispered to her before letting her go. “Please trust in your friends.”
She looked up at everyone, mustering up as much courage as she could. Regardless of who judged
her or why, she was going to reveal everything. “I will state nothing but the honest facts and what
my intentions were. I had just finished a wonderful day with my friends, and had invited Satoko
over for a sleep-over. It was the first time I had ever done such a thing with her, and I wanted it to
be special. We played some tag inside. She started going a little too fast, and…”
Mion found herself choking back more tears. She took a second to breathe. “She got going too fast,
and fell down the stairs. She fell and… died.” The silence was deafening. No one knew how to
react. “Knowing the rumors about my family and our history, I didn’t expect anyone to believe it
was an accident. Being the Heir, I had the power and resources to create a body double and create a
false narrative that we had both been sick over the weekend, and that she had died yesterday up on
the hill she usually plays on. It was a desperate, foolish endeavor to try and protect my family.”
She began to start tearing up. “To create a false reality that it was a tragic accident that had nothing
to do with me. That it wasn’t my fault Satoko was dead.” She put her hands on her face, unable to
continue looking on. “She’s suffered for so long, and it was already partially my family’s fault. I
just wanted to make her happy. I loved her so much, and just wanted the best for her. She never
deserved anything like this. I-”
Rika embraced Mion, cutting her off. “It wasn’t your fault, Mion.” Mion looked down at Rika in
surprise. “It wasn’t anyone’s fault. It was just a bad roll of the dice.” She teared up, holding Mion
tighter. “Neither you nor Satoko deserved to deal with this.”
Rena would hug Mion next. “Mii, you’re the strongest and kindest person I know. You sometimes
make mistakes, and you might’ve made a bad one here. But I know you’re not a bad person.
Whatever happens next, we’ll be there for you.”
Keiichi approached slowly, tearing up himself. His and Mion’s eyes met, and she looked away.
How could she face the person she had lied to that she also was in love with. And yet, he too
embraced her. “Look, Mion. I’ve not known you for too long. It does hurt that you lied to me over
something so serious, but I can understand where you were coming from. I don’t know your family
history well, or how you live as a yakuza. But I know you’re not the type to ever hurt someone, if
you can prevent it. You didn’t know me, and yet you treated me like we’ve always known each
other. You welcomed and introduced me to your friends, and even the club. Because of you, I have
a place in this town and have been able to create some wonderful memories so far. So even if

you’ve done some bad stuff, I get that it was a complex situation. And I… I still want to be your
close friend.”
Mion couldn’t believe the words she was hearing from everyone. Her emotions began to
overwhelm her, as the three comforted her. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I never should have let it get
this far.”
“Yeah, you shouldn’t have.” The four looked up to see Shion approach. Her expression was stern
and clearly upset. Mion looked down. Even if her friends could forgive her, her own sister was the
person that was most effected by this, besides Rika. She was suddenly slapped harshly by Shion on
her cheek. Rika, Rena, and Keiichi wanted to say something, but it wasn’t really their place. Mion
just stood there, afraid to look Shion in the eye.
“You absolute fucking idiot,” Shion continued. “Why didn’t you trust in your friends to
understand? Why couldn’t you trust in your own sister to understand?!” Mion looked up, to see
Shion start to tear up. “I’m sorry that I assumed the worst when I stormed into here, but I just
wished you had told me the truth from the beginning. As much as I loved and cared for Satoko, it
was the least you could do!”
Mion struggled to find any words. “I-I’m sorr-”
“Don’t apologize!” Shion said, pointing right in Mion’s face. “I know damn well how sorry you
are. Realistically, this will haunt you for the rest of your life… even if it wasn’t actually your fault.
I don’t blame you for that. Just promise me you’ll never do it again. And over time, I… eventually
want to be able to forgive you for this.”
Mion remained silent. She could only nod her head yes. “As for Satoko, …” her voice trailed off.
Everyone was still in denial it had even happened, much less everything else with Mion. “I think
we all need to take some time and sort out our feelings and grieve. As for you, well… “
Feeling the time was right, Ooishi finally approached. He had an uncharacteristically
understanding, but still solemn look. “For years, I’ve looked into your family. I’ve always wanted
to know the truth behind the Watanagashi murders, and yet when faced with one of you actually
being responsible…” He didn’t finish his sentence, but began to chuckle to himself bitterly. “How
could anyone accuse the Heir of being responsible for four years of death, when she acts like this
over just this one accidental death. Demon, my ass.”
No one, much less Mion knew how to react. She just continued listening to Ooishi. “That being
said, Ms. Sonozaki, you’ve still broken the law even if you’re not a murderer. You and your family
were responsible for hiding the body, and making a fake corpse. All at the age of 14. Can’t say I’ve
ever seen something like this in all my years, so I suppose congrats on showing an old dog some
new tricks,” he said mockingly.
Mion hung her head in shame. No amount of the best friends she could ask for could save her from
the law. She may be a minor, but it wouldn’t be the first time she had been jailed. “Even if I now
myself believe you are not fundamentally capable of murder, we’ll have to go to trial for this.
That’s not even mentioning what else your family could be connected to. If nothing else, I still
suspect some in your family being responsible for the Watanagashi murders,” he said, looking at
Oryou.
Oryou only gave back a bitter smile. “Don’t worry, Ooishi. I’m free to chat later. We can have a
long talk.” Ooishi was unamused, cursing the old hag underneath is breath. “As for all your yakuza

buddies beaten half to death, several ambulances will be here shortly,” he said, looking at Kiryu
with a mix of respect for his capabilities and annoyance that he had single-handedly beaten his
archenemy.
Kiryu avoided eye contact, acknowledging he had made one hell of a scene. I suppose I had
forgotten I’m out of the ordinary when it comes to feats like this. Thinking about it, I did leave a lot
of messes behind me back in 78.
Mion held out her hands. She looked at Ooishi with the little remaining pride as a yakuza she had
left. “I Mion Sonozaki, the heir to the Sonozaki Family, will turn myself in for my crimes.” She
was handcuffed by two police officers, and was about to be led away. She then asked, “Can I please
say some parting words to my friends before I go.” The officers looked at each other, and then both
nodded to her. She turned around to face them all.
She saw a mix of expressions on everyone’s faces. Shion still looked flustered, but she attempted to
give a smile back. The rest also smiled as best they could, considering the circumstances. Mion
didn’t force her smile, but rather it was a genuine one. One accompanied by tears of joy. “Shion
wouldn’t want me to apologize again, so I’ll just say I’ll do whatever it takes to make up for this.
And to all of you, and especially Kiryu… thank you for still wanting to be my friends!” She bowed
as much as she could, handcuffed. “I don’t deserve your forgiveness, but I’ll repay it no matter
what. I swear it!”
And with that, a long day came to a close
~~~~
Three weeks had passed. The news hit Japan like a truck. The police found and recovered Satoko’s
body in a morgue in Okinomiya owned by one of the Sonozakis. Kiryu in particular was
interviewed heavily for his accomplishment of taking on the whole Sonozaki Family and winning.
A young, rich CEO doing something like it was way too good to pass up for the gluttonous media.
Kiryu hated being the center of attention, but he wouldn’t waste the opportunity. He heavily put
emphasis on it being the mistake of a loss child. That while she had messed up, he pleaded for
people to not harass her and to understand where she was coming from. However, he wasn’t able to
protect her Family as well.
An intensive investigation was done into the Sonozaki household and the Family members in
general. It came to light the Sonozakis were responsible for smuggling several weapons and drugs.
Some murders of small time criminals were also found to be related, but strangely there was
nothing to be found definitively for the Watanagashi Murders or even the 2 Tojo yakuza. Many
were also in high positions in society, and their credibility came into question. To say their
reputation was ruined was an understatement.
Stories about Mion varied. Through Kiryu’s efforts, many painted her as a child stuck between a
heritage full of criminals and her role in it, and also just wanting to be a normal girl. Some others
were more malicious, implying Kiryu was just trying to defend his student, and that she was as sick
as the rest of her family. A few even managed to dig up Kiryu’s past as a yakuza, and questioned
his motives.
On some level though, Kiryu’s passion and honesty got through to the general people of Japan.
Even when confronted with his past and his business being severely effected by these revelations,
he did not deny them. He rather admitted to them, and fervently asked that people forgive Mion, or
if not forgive, at least understand her heart and why she chose her actions.

As for Mion herself, she was currently in a jail cell in Okinomiya. Due to her young age and the
complicated matters of the case, how long her time would be was still being discussed. A trial was
coming up soon to decide. Kiryu had visited her regularly. He had brought Rika, Keiichi, and Rena
each once. Of course, they had limited talk time, so they made the most of it trying to cheer up
Mion and catching her up on stuff. Though, they tried to avoid talking about anything negative
from the media or the state of her family.
It was evening today. Kiryu had come for the tenth time in the last 3 weeks. A police officer walked
Mion out into the room. A glass screen separating the two. “You have 15 minutes,” the officer dryly
said.
Leaving the two alone, he exited the room. Kiryu smiled at her, and Mion sheepishly smiled back.
She was a bit disappointed none of her friends were with him, but just getting to see him was
privilege enough. “Wow, what is it? The tenth time you’ve visited me?”
“I’ve not really been keeping count, but something like that. Are you doing, ok?”
“As ‘ok’ as I can be in an old, dingy jail cell. But yes, I’m… I’m fine.”
“I know we don’t have a lot of time, so if you have anything you want to say or ask, please do.”
Mion contemplated for a few seconds. “Have my friends said anything about me? How are they
handling… Satoko?”
Kiryu considered how to best answer. “They’re handling it as best as they can. I don’t think it really
hit them all at once on that day, but they’ve been grieving and dealing with it, each in their own
way. Rena and Keiichi regularly worry about you, and well, you saw how excited they were to visit
you. Rika is at peace with it, I think. She’s… handled it better than I thought she would.”
In truth, Kiryu wasn’t entirely sure how Rika was feeling about it. Things were in a strange state of
limbo. Takano was dead, there was no war with the Tojo, her town wasn’t being destroyed, her
friends were alive except for… Satoko. He had tried to talk to her about it a few times, but she just
kept saying she’d like to talk about it in the near future. At first, they thought Mion was the one that
had the Syndrome in this loop, but even that turned out to be inaccurate once Kiryu confronted her.
Perhaps it was Takano or someone else, but they really had no clue.
“You don’t have to lie to me, Kiryu. I know Rika is probably taking it the worst out of anyone
besides Shion.” She looked down at the ground with glazed over eyes. Kiryu hated seeing her with
those eyes. It was the same he himself had for a while after Tachibana was killed. “You’re not still
blaming yourself for Satoko’s death, right?”
The question pierced her, but she understood Kiryu’s concern. “Less than I was before. I know you
always say to forgive myself of it, but it… it’s going to take some time. I’m sorry.”
“You’re already carrying a large burden, Mion. Don’t make it any heavier than you have to.”
Mion smiled. “Thank you, I’ll try. I really don’t know where I’d be right now without you.”
Kiryu smiled back. “Of course, what are friends for?”
Mion’s smile faded. “Seriously, I don’t know if I’d still be here.”

The mood changed swiftly. Kiryu shifted to a stern, but concerned gaze. “Mion you’re not still
having thoughts like that, I hope.”
Mion frantically waved her hands. “No! No! I’m… I’m fine now. I wouldn’t do that now after
everything. It’s just… you know where I was mentally.”
“I understand. I just want to make sure you’re ok now… relatively speaking.”
“Kiryu, do you remember when we were fighting?”
“How could I forget?” He said, rubbing his shoulder. “It’s healed by now, but damn it hurt.”
“I’m so sorry I never apologized about that till you visited me. A lot just… happened.”
“It’s fine. What about us fighting?”
Mion hesitated to continue. “On some level, I think I wanted you to kill me. I could make some
awful excuses for literally trying to kill you, but the truth is just I thought if I was serious enough,
maybe you’d… you’d do it for me, even if it was an accident. I didn’t have the courage to do it
myself.”
Kiryu leaned back in his chair and sighed. “Yeah, that would have been pretty bad.”
“I don’t know what the hell I was thinking. Even then, I was being so selfish.” She covered her face
in shame. “I just don’t understand why you’re being so nice to me even now. I nearly forced you to
kill me or be killed. I get that you’re my friend and my teacher, but don’t you have a limit?”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “You’re wrong on a few things. I never felt in danger fighting you. Going
through all you men was one thing, but I was confident I’d be fine once I got to you. It was just a
rather stressful matter of disarming you without hurting you. Sure, my shoulder got a nasty gash,
but it didn’t matter if I could just win.”
Mion remained silent and nodded. “The other thing is that you’re extremely straightforward as a
person. No offense, but you suck at lying or hiding your feelings. Even in my first few days here, it
was pretty obvious you had a thing for Keiichi. And no, I haven’t told anyone that, much less
Keiichi.”
Mion blushed. “D-did you really have to use that as an example?”
Kiryu stifled a chuckle. “Sorry, my point is just I understood what you were dealing with. I have
lost people close to me before. A man who was my only friend in a time of dire need was murdered
by other yakuza. I nearly murdered the man responsible, and I would have had my sworn brother
not intervened and saved me from going down that path. He saved my future, and I wanted to save
yours, even if it meant risking my life.”
Mion wasn’t sure how to reply. “Do I still have a future?”
Kiryu put his hand on the glass. “You can always restart from the ground up, and change your life
for the better. It won’t be easy, and it may take a long time. That said, you’re still young. Not even
an adult yet. You can forge your own path, and in some ways it… might be for the best you are no
longer the Heir. Ex-yakuza to new ex-yakuza, the civvy life ain’t that bad.”

Mion felt herself getting emotional, and wiped away a tear. She had a bittersweet smile. “Thank
you, Kiryu. I’ll keep that in mind. Before you have to go, is Shion doing ok?”
“She still hasn’t visited you?”
“No, but… can you blame her?”
“... No, I suppose I can’t. She’s stayed distant, but I think she’s doing better. I’m positive she’ll
come visit you soon, she’s just trying to process it all. Give her some time, I promise you she’s still
your sister, and she loves you.”
“Time is up,” the officer said.
Mion got up, and said one last thing to Kiryu. “I know I’ve said it a million times, but thank you for
everything.”
Kiryu nodded, seeing her off with a smile.
As Kiryu left, he took a deep breath. Right, let’s go talk to Rika now.
~~~~
It was about 4 p.m. The higurashi sang their familiar song, but it wasn’t really a comfort to Kiryu.
In some ways, he had been procrastinating on this talk as well. But enough was enough, he needed
to confront Rika about it. He knocked on her door. Hanyuu appeared. Half of her body was peeking
out from the second floor. “Oh, Kiryu! What are you doing here?”
“Just checking up on Rika, and… we need to talk.”
Hanyuu’s expression became serious. She nodded, and disappeared. Less than a minute later, Rika
opened the door. “Oh, Kiryu. Come on in, please.”
Kiryu nodded and entered the house. It wasn’t the first time he had entered it, but it was still only
the third. They had been using Hanyuu as a messenger, so it still felt a little weird to privately talk
like this. “How is Mion?” Rika asked.
“She’s hanging in there. We had a really good talk today. Gave her some good advice, encouraged
her, etc. Just doing the most I can do for her.”
Rika smiled. “I’m happy to hear that.”
“Anyway, I wanted to… talk to you about… “ A strange smell entered his nose. His gaze wandered
to a nearby bin with some empty wine bottles in them. He looked back at Rika with a mix of
confusion and mild disgust. “Are you… are you drinking?”
Rika made an audible squeak. In truth, she hadn’t told Kiryu EVERYTHING about herself. Shit, I
forgot to clean those up. She averted her gaze to Hanyuu. Dammit, Hanyuu! Why didn’t you warn
me?!
Hanyuu looked at Rika with an unamused expression. Because I’m tired of feeling like a filthy
drunk! You’ve downed 15 bottles within the last 3 weeks!! Takano may not have killed you this loop,
but the alcohol will!

She scowled at Hanyuu. “Traitor,” she whispered under her breath. She hesitantly looked back at
Kiryu. He had a mildly judgmental frown. Rika rolled her eyes. “Don’t judge me, you drink too.”
“Sure, but not that much. And-”
“And what?” Rika interrupted. “I am over four times older than you, don’t act like I can’t drink.”
“I get that, but… that can’t be healthy for an 11-year-old.”
Rika put her chin on the table and pouted. “Both you and Hanyuu act like a couple of annoying
parents.”
Both Kiryu and Hanyuu sighed. He then sat down across from Rika. “Regardless of the alcohol, we
need to have a serious talk. … Actually, maybe especially because of the alcohol. I had my
concerns, but that confirms it for me. Forgive my language, but you’re a fucking wreck.”
Not even a hint of sugarcoating. With everything out in the air, Rika decided to be blunt too. “I
know! I know, ok. I got everything I could ask for in this world, except my best friend is dead!
Every time the truth hits me, it feels like a hot knife in my soul! But at the same time, if we go to a
new fragment, I have to start over from the very beginning with even less time! We both also have
to kill ourselves to even do that, leaving behind a pair of corpses, which will absolutely traumatize
everyone for fucking life!!”
Rika held her head with both hands, a familiar headache returning. Kiryu was a bit taken aback. He
figured it was bad, but not outright awful. “Do you… think you can eventually accept Satoko’s
death?”
The question didn’t sting Rika as much as it should have, if only because it had drilled her head
constantly. “I just… am I being too selfish? I wanted to save EVERYONE! Is that too much to ask?
Takano, I can maybe live with. I want to save her, but she might be the hardest of anyone to even
get through to, much less ‘save’. But just… not Satoko, please. Why did it have to be her?”
Her grasp on her head tightened, as she fought to hold back the tears. “Am I just doomed to be
miserable even in the luckiest loops?”
Kiryu carefully assessed what he would say next. “I can’t say the same thoughts haven’t occurred
to me. If we could somehow restart the loop without suicide, that would be ideal, but even then …
“
A grim silence filled the room. A minute or so passed before Hanyuu spoke up. “I may actually
have a way to do that.”
Both looked at her in shock. “The only reason I haven’t mentioned it yet, is because I wasn’t sure
for a long time if it would work. I’m still not positive now. Um, what I’m trying to say is that I’ve
restored a bit of my power, by regularly staying in the shrine these last three weeks. I’m just going
off a hunch here, but theoretically I could maybe transfer our souls to another fragment without
having to use suicide.”
It sounded unbelievable, but it would be a miracle, if true. “What would happen to the ‘us’ in this
world, if we did that?”

Hanyuu pondered for a few seconds. “From what I’ve observed, the Rika of each world is her own
alternate Rika until our Rika here possesses her. Our Rika here then seems to fuse with the other
Rika, and the other Rika gains the memories of the one possessing her. I’m sure you felt something
similar when you first arrived here, Kiryu.”
Kiryu tried to remember, but didn’t have much luck. “I don’t think I forgot, but it’s more like a
traumatic blur. Do you know what happens after the ‘possessor’ leaves?”
Hanyuu looked away. “Well, no. Rika always… dies before that. Again, I’m just saying it’s a
possible, but not even concrete option. Best case scenario, we leave and the versions of us here
retain their experiences in this world, losing the memories of the previous world and their
connection to higher realms. Worst case scenario, I… don’t know.”
Rika hadn’t said anything. She was seriously thinking about what to do.
“If you want, Rika, I can give you some time. We don’t have to do it immediately.”
A few seconds went by, and then Rika answered. “No, let’s do it tonight.”
Hanyuu was surprised. “A-are you sure? You don’t need to rush into this.”
“No, we need to do this. Despite my horrid history with luck, I’ve met and allied with Kiryu this
loop and didn’t even have any of my friends catch the Syndrome. If I don’t take any risks, I won’t
be able to claim the future I want. Though…” She turned to face Kiryu. “I don’t know if I really
have the final say here.”
Kiryu nodded. “No, I agree. Let’s take this chance while we have it. How do we do it, Hanyuu?”
Hanyuu took a deep breath, trying to calm her anxiety. “Like I said, I don’t have a sure-fire method,
but probably our best chances are to do it in the Shrine.”
Rika stood up. “If that’s the case, let’s head on over.” The other two nodded, and the trio left Rika’s
house.
~~~~
It was now about 4:20. The three were now in the shrine. For Rika and Hanyuu this was an
unorthodox place of comfort, but for Kiryu it was still a nightmarish torture chamber. “Are you ok,
Kiryu?” Rika asked. “Yeah,” he replied. “I’m just not the fondest of being here… “
Rika held back a giggle. “I suppose everyone has a fear, no matter how strong they are.”
Kiryu blushed. He was going to say Rika was the odd one out for liking this place, but he took a
look at Hanyuu and decided to be nice. “Let’s just get this done with.”
Hanyuu beckoned them to in front of the statue of Oyashiro. “This is where I feel the strongest.”
“Ok, how do we go about this?” Kiryu questioned.
Hanyuu thought about it briefly. “Put out one of your hands, palm up.” Both Kiryu and Rika
followed her instructions. Hanyuu put out both her hands and “touched” them. She closed her eyes
and began to chant in a language foreign to a human tongue. Not even Rika knew what she was
saying. She could only guess it was something like speaking in tongues.

The world begin to change around them. It stretched and turned. It became clearer, and yet blurred.
Everything was a visual cacophony that overwhelmed both Kiryu and Rika, but they dared not let
go. The color began to leave the world, and a blinding white light surrounded them. Before they
knew it, the world had faded away.
~~~~
9:00 A.M. Kiryu opened his eyes to the sound of nature’s natural alarm clock. The higurashi singed
their serenade. It wasn’t as harsh a first awakening as last time, but he still panicked a bit. He got
out of his bed, checking his whole body. … I’m still in one piece. He looked at the calendar on his
nightstand. It was Wednesday. One day further than last time.
He tried to check the memories of this fragment’s Kiryu, but it was unexpectedly fuzzy. He went to
the bathroom, and looked in his mirror, just to double-check everything. Sure enough, it was the
Dragon in the flesh. Confirming his own condition and that he didn't want to be too late for school,
he quickly got dressed.
Kiryu was about to leave when he heard a knock at the door. Is that Rika? A trickle of sweat
dripped down his neck. He suddenly had a bad feeling about this. He walked down the stairs
silently. A knock came again, though this time considerably more impatient sounding. He heard a
muffled voice outside. He couldn’t make it out what it was saying, but it sounded aggressive.
Kiryu noiselessly grabbed a nearby kitchen knife. He slowly approached the door. He unlocked it,
and stepped to the side, hugging the wall. He figured the best time to take on whoever was behind
the door was to wait for them to force their way in and backstab them. Seconds passed, the tension
in the air palpable. Kiryu had no idea what was happening, but he was not about to be caught off
guard.
Suddenly, the door was kicked open. “What’s the fucking hold u-” Kiryu lunged with his knife, and
stopped a few inches from the intruder’s face. Half because it was someone he recognized, … and
half because he also had a knife a few inches from his neck. “Majima?!” Kiryu yelled in surprise.
Majima gave a crude grin, and put his knife away. “And here I was worried you’d gone soft,
Kazzy.”
Kiryu was still flabbergasted Majima was even here. “What the fuck are you doing here?!”
Majima scowled. “I’m here to assist ya, dumbass. Didn’t you talk to Nishiki about this just last
night?”
Kiryu searched his mind. The memories had started to become clearer. The events of last night
became apparent. A phone call with his sworn brother. One where he reluctantly had accepted help,
as time was running out. Though, neither Kiryu had known who was the help. Oh, you have got to
be shitting me.

DEMON’S TEARS ARC END
RED SOUL, BLUE FLAME ARC BEGIN

Chapter End Notes

Hi, apologies this took like 2 months lol. Life been hella busy. If you are still reading this
despite that, then thank you. I appreciate every single one of you. Arc 3 will begin soon...
hopefully.
I've been working on this fic on and off for about nearly 2.5 years now. I finally got 2 arcs
done. I'm hoping the 3 left don't take quite as long, but I'm committed regardless.
Now that the arc is over, please tell what you liked about it, or if you had any criticism. I
always welcome feedback.
To Mion fans everywhere, I hope you enjoyed this. I don't personally LOVE love her, but I
thought it was tragic she never really got more screen time, I felt. There was so much you
could explore with her, and I hope I this helped fill that hole, with a side of Yakuza oc.
Also the announcement of a new Majima game and me adding him in the 3rd arc is a
coincidence, I swear lol.

Chapter 33: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 1: An Old Frenemy
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

As Kiryu began to recover from his shock and realize the gravity of the situation, his face turned to
a grimace. Perhaps he could call up Nishiki real quick and chew him out, but Majima was stuck
here now, whether he liked it or not. He put a hand on his forehead, trying to hold back a headache
already forming. “Ok, let’s get one thing straight. Nishiki sent you specifically to help me, and
you’re not just trying to fuck with me?”
Majima feigned offense. “Of course not! Since when have I ever tried to mess with you?”
Kiryu wasn’t in the mood. “You and your whole Family tried to gaslight me into thinking a zombie
apocalypse had happened, all so you could have an excuse to fight me as ‘Zombie Majima’.”
Majima smirked. “Hey, that was a pretty good plan. I did have you fooled there for a bit.”
“You know you’re not helping your case.”
Majima rolled his eyes. “Ugh, you’re always so serious. YES, I’m here to help ya.”
“You do realize I’m undercover, right?! And you come dressed like that?”
Majima was now actually offended. “Hey, I don’t want to hear shit from the guy who wears the
same suit and pants combo every day of the week.”
“Yeah, but at least I can blend in. I can pull off the look of a CEO. The eye patch is one thing, but
you come in dressed up in leather, a snakeskin blazer, gold chain, the whole punk set. And I know
you probably swaggered into here thinking you’re the shit. You absolutely look like a yakuza, and
banging on my door like no tomorrow doesn’t help.”
Majima tightened his hand into a fist, but swallowed back a string of curses. “If you’re done
yapping, let me show you what’s in the briefcase I got here.” He opened it up. Kiryu tried to take a
look at it, but before he could say something, Majima began to take off his blazer.
“Woah, the hell are you doing?” Kiryu said, covering his eyes.
“Oh, would you fucking relax? I’m just changing my shirt. It’s not like you’ve never seen me half
naked before.”
It was true. Majima had fought him shirtless a few times. I get that, but don’t phrase it that way…
As Kiryu uncovered his eyes, Majima had donned a red dress shirt similar to his own. He had a
dark gray suit covering it, and was finishing up putting on a black necktie. The difference between
it and his regular attire was night and day. He tightened the necktie, looking at Kiryu with mild
disappointment. “I DID run one of the biggest cabarets in Sotenbori. Trust me, I come prepared
when the job requires it.”
Kiryu had to give him props. He could actually pull off being an associate to Kiryu now. He hoped,
at least. “How did you get here, anyway?”

“Some Tojo grunt drove me up here. Can’t say I even remember his name. I passed out in the car,
and before I knew it, I was here. Got dropped off maybe about 40 minutes ago, and walked the rest
of the way.”
Majima’s ears perked up at the natural chorus ringing outside. “Also, what the hell is with all the
cicadas around here? Do you have to listen to this shit all day?”
“You get used to it.”
“Tsk, I hope.”
Kiryu suddenly noticed the time, and that he’d be noticeably late for school soon. “Shit, we have to
go!”
Kiryu grabbed Majima’s hand and wrenched him outside the door and locked it. “Woah! What’s the
rush?!”
Kiryu began to run towards the school, dragging Majima along. “Hold the fuck up! Where are we
going?”
“Didn’t they tell you I’m undercover as a teacher here?”
“No?!”
Kiryu briefly stopped in his tracks. He gritted his teeth, and continued moving. “I’ll explain as we
run. You’re coming with me because I sure as shit don’t trust you on your own.”
Majima wrenched his hand from Kiryu’s grasp. He began running alongside him. “Fine, but don’t
go dragging like me a damn doll! Why the hell are you a teacher?”
Kiryu huffed and puffed as he tried to get his pace steady. “It just sort of happened.”
“The hell does that mean?”
“The principal challenged me to a duel, I won, and here I am now as a P.E. teacher.”
“What do you fucking mean, you’re a P.E. teacher?!”
Kiryu side eyed Majima with annoyance. That’s not even remotely the craziest thing that has
happened to me, coming here. “Please tell me they at least told you about the murders that have
happened here?”
“Yeah, a couple of poor bastards bit it here. Also, there’s some yearly murder festival in a few
days?”
“That’s not at all…” Kiryu cut himself off. Forget it, it was hard enough for me to understand
everything my first time here. I’ll just summarize it for Majima later on. … At least, the parts that
don’t sound completely insane.
“You want to finish that thought, Kazzy?”
Kiryu looked exasperated. “No, I’ll explain everything later. Just pretend you’re an old friend for
now.”

Majima smirked. “No need to pretend, Kazzy. We ARE old buds!”
Kiryu could feel his mental energy draining by the minute. Who needs enemies when I have friends
like this?
~~~~
They finally arrived. Majima narrowed his eye, looking up and down the small building and then to
the three construction machines surrounding it. “This shit is a school?”
“Yes, Majima. They rented it out from the local forestry service. We’re out in the country, and it’s
going to be your typical one classroom school with a couple other rooms.”
Majima scratched the back of his head. “Yeesh, talk about the boonies.”
Kiryu’s nerves were starting to run thin. “Are you going to gawk at every single thing here? We’re
in a regular, small, country town. Quit acting weird about it.”
Majima rolled his eyes. “Sure, normal. If you don’t count the murders.”
“... Yes, not counting the murders. For what it's worth, people have treated me wonderfully here.
Certainly, no one in this school has been the slightest hostile to me.”
Majima pulled out his knife and pointed at Kiryu. “That naivety will get you killed, Kiryu. You’re
strong, but you’re not invincible. You never can tell what’s waiting in the shadows.”
Kiryu wanted to make a comeback, but a somber expression appeared instead. “You’re right. Trust
me, I know. I’ll be cautious. I HAVE been cautious.”
Majima raised an eyebrow, and he sheathed his knife. “Damn, that was not the response I was
expecting. I suppose you’ve matured where it counts.” He smiled wide. “Of course, you’re never
going to get rid of that stick up your ass, realistically.”
Kiryu was not smiling. “Thanks for the backhanded compliment, dickhead. I assume I can trust you
to not curse, act civil, etc.?”
Majima smiled, adjusting his necktie. “I told you, I come prepared. It’s just some kids, yeah. I can
totally handle that shi- … handle this.”
Kiryu sighed. “Try not to pull out the Kansai dialect too much, either.”
Kiryu opened the door, and they entered. They walked inside the hallway, but Kiryu stopped at the
classroom door. … Everyone will be here, right? Rika, Hanyuu, the club members, and… Satoko
right?
Majima ignored Kiryu and pressed on. “This is the classroom? I’ll just introduce myself to the class
and get that out of the way.”
A sudden thought occurred to Kiryu then. “Wait, Majima! There’s-” But it was too late.
~~~~

As for Rika in this loop, she had “awoken” inside this version of herself while they were in class. It
wasn’t the first time this had happened, and it wasn’t common, but it did always disorient her for a
few minutes. She surveyed her surroundings. Sure enough, everyone was there. It was like nothing
had changed.
She felt a twinge of regret. Perhaps, it wasn’t a good idea to have thrown her luckiest world yet
away. But that all went away the moment she looked over and saw Satoko. She noticed Rika’s gaze,
and smiled back. Rika had to quickly force an awkward smile back, and turn away. She held back
the tears as best she could. She hadn’t truly realized how much she had missed her.
Rika, are you ok? Hanyuu asked.
Yeah, just give me a minute or two. How is Kiryu?
He’s… fine?
Rika could tell Hanyuu was more perplexed than anything else. What’s going on?
He’s definitely our Kiryu, but he’s dragging along another man with an eye patch. … Didn’t Kiryu
mention a guy like that before?
Rika searched her memories for whom this mystery man could be. I think his name was Majima? I
don’t remember much about him other than him being… how did Kiryu describe him?
“Eccentric?”
Rika’s thoughts were interrupted by the door opening harshly. Indeed, there was a man with an eye
patch… and a dusty eraser soon to land on his head. He had better reactions than even Kiryu, and
looked up in time, but not quick enough to stop it. It hit with a small explosion of dust. Majima
began coughing, some chock dust entering places it definitely shouldn’t. He looked up, both
confused and aggravated. “What the fu- mmm?”
Kiryu had hastily covered Majima’s mouth. Chie and the whole class were staring at them both
now stuck in this awkward charade. Kiryu held up a finger signalling to give them a second, and
promptly closed the door. Chie turned her attention to Satoko causing her to gulp. “I have warned
you about these traps, Ms. Hojo. Please stay after class, so we can have a talk.”
Satoko averted her gaze. “Y-yes ma’am.” Rika felt a little bad for her, but it was comforting in
some ways. No matter what timeline, Satoko was still a scamp. Though, she still wasn’t sure what
to make of Kiryu’s acquaintance, nor had the class made a great first impression on him.
Meanwhile, in the hallway, Kiryu uncovered Majima’s mouth, and held a finger up to his lips. For a
brief second, an unholy rage was in Majima’s eye, but it left just as quickly. He grabbed a
handkerchief out of his pocket, and wiped his face with it. “Apologies, almost lost my cool there.”
“Sorry, sorry, I’m sorry. That was my fault. I’m used to dealing with that, but forgot to warn you.”
“Used to it? I don’t think most schools have a fucking terrorist in the classroom.”
“She’s a good kid, I swear. She is just very mischievous and loves her pranks, but she would never
try to intentionally harm someone.”
“Whatever, I get it. We were both shit kids once.”

Kiryu breathed a sigh of relief. “So you’re good? I can trust you to keep a level head?”
Majima looked almost offended Kiryu had asked. “I was the Lord of the Night, bitch. I dealt with
drunk assholes on the regular.”
Kiryu held up his hands. “Ok, I got it. And again, lay off the cursing. Are we good to go inside
now?”
Majima nodded. “Yes, let’s try this again.”
Kiryu double-checked the door just to make sure there wasn’t anything else that could harm the
duo. He then opened it gently. “Chie, do you mind if I introduce an acquaintance to the class?”
“Feel free! We were going to take a short break soon, anyway.”
Kiryu nodded and walked in with Majima following him. There was still some chalk dust staining
his hair, but not a soul dared to point it out. “Hello, Class. An old friend visited me this morning,
and I wanted to introduce him to everyone. Would you like to introduce yourself, my friend?”
Majima put on his “customer-service face”. One he had mastered after many grueling nights
serving the rich scum of Sotenbori. “Goro Majima, but you may feel free to just call me Majima. It
is a pleasure to meet all of you,” he said, bowing. The class was in awe of the man. Despite his
rough look and his reaction earlier, he carried himself like an absolute gentleman. Even Kiryu was
a little shocked. Damn, you could never tell how he normally acts.
Kiryu cleared his throat. “He will be assisting me in teaching you all. I am sure he will be a great
example to everyone here,” Kiryu said, emphasizing that Majima should be on his best behavior.
Majima ignored Kiryu’s comment, and he nodded in agreement.
“We’ll be leaving you now, Chie. See you all at P.E.” He waved at the students, and everyone
waved back. He briefly exchanged glances with Rika but didn’t see Hanyuu. Kiryu looked up and
briefly made eye contact with Hanyuu watching from above. The two girls had many questions, but
they trusted Kiryu to explain later. Majima and Kiryu left the building, and Kiryu let out a sigh of
relief. Good, everything went well.
“Done shitting your pants yet?” Majima asked mockingly.
“... For now.”
“You get a job as a teacher for a few weeks, and that stick up your ass turns into a log. Am I just
another kid for you to take care of?”
“C’mon, Majima. You’re the least predictable person I’ve ever met.”
“I get that, and I also get you aren’t entirely fond of me being here, but would you quit acting like
I’m a rabid dog!”
“They literally call you the Mad Dog of Shimano.”
“Yeah, and I didn’t get that position being a fuck-up!”
“No, but you certainly screw around more than any other Tojo family I’m aware of.”

Majima gritted his teeth and he wanted to escalate, but he held his tongue. His feelings seemed hurt
for once. “Do you really not trust me, Kazzy?”
Kiryu stared at himself being reflected in Majima’s eyes. “I… I do trust you. I would say you’re
one of the most trustworthy people I’ve met in your own strange way. But there are things here that
are… wrong. If you’re not prepared for them, they will mess you up.”
Majima furrowed his eyebrows. “The fuck? Are you trying to scare me off now after you just
introduced me to everyone?”
“No, not exactly. It’s um, …” He winced, thinking back about how even he had fallen to the
syndrome. He dared not let Majima suffer the same fate. “Can you handle a situation on par with
the Empty Lot?”
Majima’s eyes widened a little. “Just what the hell have you gotten yourself into?”
“A lot. It’s a very long story. … One I can’t tell you everything about. To give you an answer, I do
trust you, Majima. But I’ll also need you to trust me on this. Please follow what I say, if you want
to stay safe.”
Majima was mildly freaked out. “Wow, something definitely messed you up badly, if you’re taking
it this seriously.”
“Something almost did. If I didn’t have the ally I do now, I…” He briefly contemplated himself
being dead or clueless in each timeline, if it weren’t for Rika and possibly a miracle. “I may not
still be here.”
Majima shrugged his shoulders. “Alright, I get the point. We’re in MurderTown,
You’reFuckedVille. Who is this so-called ally of yours, and what do I need to know?”
Kiryu was more than happy to explain what he could to Majima, but a thought occurred to him.
The truth was stranger than fiction. “She’s um, … one of my students”
Majima’s arms went lax, his face in confused disbelief. “Your grand savior is a kid? A fucking kid?
I thought you were going to say some shit like the teacher, the principal, maybe even a doc, y’know
an ACTUAL ADULT!”
Kiryu held up his hands, trying to disarm Majima. “I know! Look, she knows basically everything
there is to know about this town and its past. Even who’s behind the murders… not including the
two Tojo. I’m still trying to figure that one out.”
Majima still felt like Kiryu was pulling his chain. “And just how did you even meet this girl?”
“It’s more, she approached me, and asked for my help. I can explain it all later, I promise. For now,
we need to establish some rules.”
Majima looked at Kiryu with a raised eyebrow, and eventually sighed. “What’s the rules around
here?” He asked, annoyed.
“Follow what I say no matter what. If you so happen to learn or hear anything suspicious from the
Tojo, this town, or wherever nearby, let me know. I need all the info I can get. At the same time, do

your best to avoid drawing suspicion. If anyone asks, tell them you lost your eye in a robbery or
something like that.”
“You’re going to stay at my house, because I don’t know if something bad would happen
otherwise. There’s a really awful local disease you’ll need to get a shot for, and… whatever you do,
don’t trust a blond nurse here named Miyo Takano.”
Naturally, Majima seemed lost. “You have all that written on a list, I hope? Also, hold up. What
was that about a local disease?”
“Yes, I got the disease myself. It was thanks to Ri- … my ‘ally’ that I was able to recover from it.
This all happened not too long before you showed up. Trust me, it’s really fucking bad. Any other
questions?”
Majima raised up his hands, clearly getting tired of discussing it. “No, whatever. I trust ya. As full
of shit as it all sounds, you wouldn’t lie about this sort of thing.” He put down his hands, and a
smirk crept across his face. “So, ‘Mr. Kaz’, how am I going to assist you today?”
Kiryu organized his thoughts. “We have some time till P.E., so it’s best I show you around.”
Majima held out his hand in an exaggerated fashion, facing away from the school. “Lead the way,
Teach.”
~~~~
Over the course of a few hours, Kiryu showed Majima around all of Hinamizawa. He gave info on
the town’s history, the infamous legends, the residents, etc. Majima yawned here and there, clearly
not that interested, but he perked up when Kiryu began to talk about the students. Kiryu talked
about the club members, and how they stood out among the other students. They were walking
along one of the back roads, with Kiryu talking more in-depth about the club itself, when Majima
spoke up. “You want to talk more about those penalties?”
Kiryu stopped walking. He suddenly had an awful feeling. “Oh, y’know already.”
A smile began to form. “I don't think I do. Mind giving some examples?”
Kiryu was still facing away from Majima. Good thing too, since he was grimacing and didn’t want
to see what expression Majima was making. “It... varies. Stuff like having to touch the principal’s
bald head, or having to wear cat ears or…“
He took a glance behind him. Sure enough, Majima had a massive shit-eating grin on him. “Maybe
I should join.”
Kiryu sighed, and then aggressively pointed at Majima. “No way are you joining! Even if you did,
you’d absolutely get hit by whatever stupid scheme you’re designing for me.”
He smacked away Kiryu’s hand. “Yes way, I am! Like you said, it’s a good way to get to know the
kids. And where’s the fun without a risk?”
Kiryu knew he wasn’t wrong on the bonding aspect, but he refused to have to deal with both
Majima AND the kids. “No means no. I’m in charge here. You follow what I say.”

Kiryu began to walk again. Majima stood there frowning, and he then dramatically sighed. “Ah,
damn. I have so many funny stories of you, it sure would be a shame if I shared some with the
kids.”
Kiryu stopped in his tracks. He quickly turned around and speed walked to right in front of Majima.
“And just what the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“Let’s see. There was the time you bought a porno magazine for a kid, or the time you helped
trained a dominatrix how to do her job.”
Kiryu was flabbergasted. “How the fuck do you know about that?!”
Majima muffled a laugh, and casually put a hand on Kiryu’s shoulder. “Kazzy, my man. We’ve had
drinks together before. You, me, Nishiki. You’re not as tight-lipped drunk, as you might think.”
Kiryu smacked away Majima’s hand. “Are you trying to blackmail me into getting into the club?!
That stuff isn’t even appropriate for kids!”
“Relax! I was joking. … But I do have multiple 'age-appropriate' stories that would get a good
laugh out of everyone.”
Kiryu was not pleased, but he then calmly smirked. “And you think I don’t have anything on you?”
Majima raised an eyebrow. “Like what?”
“Maybe the fact you were responsible for raising the sales tax nationwide, and also thought you
were going to get laid by playing an arcade game?”
“Hey, you fell for the same shit! And what happened to being ‘age-appropriate’?”
“Like you said, I got other stories that are appropriate. Don’t dish it out, if you can’t take it back
in.”
Majima scowled. “Fine then. Maybe we should settle this in a fight like we always do.”
Kiryu’s patience was running thin. “Really?! You want to do a fight here over something as trivial
as this club?”
“Hey, if it’s so trivial, it shouldn’t be a problem if I join. Sounds like you’re just being a little bitch
about it!”
“Only because I have to deal with the bigger bitch right in front of me!”
“Oh yeah?! Sounds like you got something to prove! Unless you want to be a pussy about it.”
At that provocation, Kiryu had enough. It had had been a long, stressful last few weeks in the last
loop. He was not about to deal with Majima’s BS on top of it all. “Alright, yeah, maybe we should
fight. No one can see us around here. It’s been a while since I last slammed you face-first into the
ground.”
Majima began to pull out his knife. “Don’t threaten me with a good time, Kazzy.”

Kiryu assumed a fighting stance. “Maybe I’ll break more bones than usual this time. Maybe I’ll put
out your other eye while I’m at it.”
Majima assumed his own unique stance as well. “Do it. I dare ya.”
The two were about to engage when a horridly loud voice shouted. “Would you two please
stop!!!”
Hanyuu suddenly appeared from the brush. It woke up Kiryu from his agitated state, and he
immediately disengaged. Majima instead, perhaps on instinct, slashed at the supernatural figure.
Hanyuu yelped as the blade passed right through her transparent form. It took a moment for
Majima to realize something was deeply wrong, and he quickly backed away. His face contorted in
terror. Kiryu was astonished. “Wait, you can see her, Majima?”
Majima ignored Kiryu’s question. “What the fuck is that?! Is that a fucking yokai?!”
Hanyuu fumbled to explain herself. Kiryu sensing that things could go wrong very quickly, he got
between the two. “It’s fine! She’s friendly! She’s my… ally. One of two allies I have.”
Majima held his hand over his heart, trying to catch his breath. “Are you shitting me?! You mean
all those fucking ghost stories were true?!” He stopped talking to continue catching his breath, but
he studied Hanyuu’s every move. His knife was ready to attack at any moment.
Kiryu wracked his head for what to do in this situation. “It’s… um, how do I explain it?” He shifted
his gaze to Hanyuu hoping she had maybe some sort of guidance.
Hanyuu’s eyes had been darting around. When she saw Kiryu’s glare, she took a deep breath in and
out and attempted to regain her composure. “If he can see me, then that’s very sudden… but maybe
for the best. I think we should explain everything to him.”
“Everything?!” Kiryu questioned.
“Everything,” Hanyuu confirmed. She turned her attention to Majima, still shaking from the
adrenaline and fear. “I apologize for scaring you. Pretty much no one can see me to begin with, so
that message was more meant for Kiryu than anything else.”
Kiryu slightly hung his head in shame. “I should apologize, too. Sorry, Hanyuu. Sorry, Majima. I
didn’t mean for it to go that far. Old habits die hard.”
Hanyuu sighed. “It’s fine, I intervened for a reason.”
Majima was beginning to calm down a bit. He slowly and cautiously approached the two. “You are
Kiryu, right? What’s only something you would know?”
“Yes, it’s me! Haven’t I proved that by now?”
Majima raised his knife a few inches from Kiryu’s face. “Answer the damn question!”
Kiryu gulped, and took a breath. “I helped you save Makoto Makimura. She is living her best life,
safe away from the Tojo now.”

Majima paused for a few seconds, and then slowly put away his knife. “Ok, fine. It is you.
HOWEVER,” He got right in Kiryu’s face, and put a pointer finger on his chest. “I want every
motherfucking detail out of you for what’s going on! I signed up to help you solve a mystery, not
converse with the dead!!”
“You got it!” Kiryu answered quickly. “Just know this is going to sound completely insane, but it’s
all true.”
Majima lowered his knife, and pointed it at Hanyuu. “Oh, don’t worry! Your Beelzebub Buddy
over there confirmed that to me!”
Hanyuu pouted. “Hey, that’s not nice! I’m not a monster!”
Majima was a bit taken aback by the reply. The 'monster' resembled a young girl more than
anything scary now that he got a good look at her. “Well… sorry, whatever! Kiryu get explaining!”
Kiryu nodded. “Sure, just know it’s going to be another long story.”
“Just get on with it.”
~~~~
And so, Kiryu explained it all, or at least summarized it to the best of his ability. The ability to time
travel across ‘Fragments’, the past two loops he had been involved in. Hanyuu and Rika, the
syndrome, a brief summary of the past Watanagashi murders, and finally the stakes involved and
what Takano was trying to do.
Majima calmly listened the whole time, though he was confused at multiple points, mostly in
regard to the time travel aspect. As Kiryu wrapped up, he gestured to Majima if that would suffice.
Majima didn’t reply for a minute, still trying to decipher the chaos that had been thrown at him
within the last half hour. “A-are you ok, Majima?” Hanyuu sheepishly asked.
Majima shrugged his shoulders. “Yeah, minus having a few new gray hairs.”
Kiryu scoffed. “You’re 29, you’ll be fine.”
“Yeah yeah, you two want to explain why I am supposedly able to see and interact with her? That’s
the shit that set this off to begin with.”
Unfortunately, neither had the answer. Hanyuu shrugged. “We still don’t know why even Kiryu
can. The only guess I have is that a higher being than me is the cause. Neither Kiryu nor anything
related to the Tojo have ever showed up in a loop before.”
“And this is the first time I’ve showed up here?”
“Yes,” Kiryu affirmed.
Majima shook his head. “No wonder your ass was in a tizzy.”
Kiryu ignored Majima’s comment. “Anything else you’d like to know?”
Majima contemplated it for a few seconds, and then began to cackle. “You’ve outdone yourself this
time, Kazzy! Only you would end up in a situation like that. Just one more side quest to complete!”

Kiryu blushed a bit. “Yeah, and you’re here now too, smart ass! Are you going to help out, or not?”
“Of-fucking-course I am! Life’s been way too boring as of late. It’s about time I had some
excitement!”
Hanyuu tilted her head. “You are … awful enthusiastic about all this.”
“It’s because he’s not right in the head,” Kiryu grumbled. “I’d say you get used to it, but you never
really do.”
Majima’s wild grin calmed down a bit to a simple smile. “I’d be pretty heartless to ignore a poor
girl in need. I’m just going to have some fun while I’m at it.”
“Don’t you dare get any wise ideas, Majima,” Kiryu threatened. “You already got on me for not
trusting you to behave, and now you act like this?”
Majima gave a mischievous grin. “Hey, that’s not changed. I’ll follow what you say. I mean it.
Doesn’t mean we can’t get a little… ‘creative’ with your P.E. class. ”
Kiryu held his head back, looking up. What am I doing with my life? The sky and trees above were
unable to answer. He turned around and signalled for Majima to follow him. “Let’s get back to the
school. P.E. will start soon. We can talk about your ‘creative vision’ later on.”
“Oh! One more thing!”
Kiryu paused, but he didn’t want to face Majima. He had a feeling it was something really dumb.
“What?”
“Can I join the clu-”
“YES, YOU CAN JOIN THE FUCKING CLUB!! HAUL ASS! WE HAVE TO GO!”
Kiryu began to jog, and Majima skipped after him. “Music to my ears, Kazzy!”
Hanyuu stared at the two leaving, completely befuddled at the bizarre duo. … What in the world
just happened?

Chapter End Notes

Grown men, btw.

Chapter 34: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 2: Respect Your
Elders
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Afternoon had come. While Kiryu wasn’t fond of the idea of Majima “helping out” with his class,
he acted professional and had Majima observe while he conducted P.E. Majima leaned against the
school building as he calmly watched. His eye travelled to the clear sky above and then to the hills
in the distance. The higurashi could be faintly heard in the background. He mentally sighed and
leaned further back against the wall.
This place is really not my style. It’s so peaceful, it’s almost unnerving. Not even factoring in the
truth behind things. At least in Kamurocho, it’s pretty obvious things are grimy. But here it’s just…
unsettling. I saw how the people here looked at me, they know I don’t belong.
He looked at the kids and then Kiryu practicing different exercises. Well, I’m fine. They clearly like
Kiryu, and I’m his bud, so I’m not too worried. Majima scrutinized Kiryu’s movements. Even if it’s
just teaching some kids, his movements are sharp and steady. He must have been training a lot
recently.
“Your friend is excellent, isn’t he?” Outside of Majima’s vision, he turned to the left to see an older
looking man. Majima’s eye widened. Holy shit, this guy is strong!
The man smiled. “My apologies, I haven’t introduced myself. My name is Kaieda. I’m the principal
here.” He bowed, and Majima did the same. “Goro Majima, but Majima is fine.”
“A pleasure to meet you, Majima. I heard you’ll be helping out Kiryu.”
“Er, yeah. That’s the plan. Never taught kids before, but I’m sure it’ll be fun.”
“Oh, trust me, it very much is. It’s been incredibly rewarding seeing these children grow. I had
always considered teaching self-defense to the kids and was going to try it this summer. Lo and
behold, along came Kiryu and everything worked out.”
“I assume you know your fair share of martial arts?”
Kaieda laughed. “Was it that obvious? Yes, I travelled the globe in my youth trying to become ‘the
strongest’. A dream I’m sure every boy had at one point. I met my fair share of strong warriors and
won most times, but I’ve never met a man as strong as your friend there.”
“Yeah, Kiryu told me you two sparred and he won. And… also got the job because of it? I hope
that’s not a prerequisite for assisting.”
Kaieda heartily chuckled. “I acknowledge it was out of the ordinary, but a fight can tell more about
someone than a thousand words. I just knew he was the right man for the job.” He smiled at
Majima with a glimmer in his eye. “And something tells me I’d have just as hard a time beating
you.”

Majima avoided eye contact. His cover had already been somewhat blown. Takes one to know one,
I guess. “Can’t hide it, huh?”
“Not really. You didn’t get that eye patch just from a cat scratching you, presumably.”
Majima looked slightly angsty. He decided on a half lie in response. “I did some dumb stuff as a
kid.”
“Don’t worry, I don’t judge. We all have our regrets in the past. My main one is that I didn’t enter
education sooner.”
“I was going to ask. What is someone with your strength doing out here in… well, no offense, but
the ‘boonies’?”
Kaieda chuckled under his breath. “It does seem odd. Long ago, I never saw myself here either. But
then I saw how Japan developed after the war. Corruption was everywhere, and especially in the
educational system. Delinquents were rampant in Japan. The country needed volunteers to help
guide young people, and I wanted to be someone that could do that.”
Majima was honestly impressed. “That’s very admirable of you.”
Kaieda waved his hand. “It’s nothing, really. I just want to do my part.”
Majima didn’t reply. A serious silence overtook him. Kaieda perked up upon noticing. “Is
something wrong, Majima?”
“Nah, I didn’t mean to go all quiet on ya. You just reminded me of my brother. He used to want to
be a teacher like you, but some things happened and… yeah.”
“Is he ok?”
Majima bitterly smirked. “He’s been in jail for five years. You tell me.”
“O-oh, I’m… sorry to hear that.”
“Nah, it’s fine. He’ll survive it. And I’ll be there to see him once he gets out.”
“I’m sure he’ll appreciate seeing you when that happens. The way you make it sound, was he…
framed?”
Majima hesitated to answer. “You could say that. It’s… complicated.” Majima’s brows furrowed.
Why the hell am I even saying all this? I’m supposed to be undercover.
Kaieda put a hand on Majima’s shoulder. Majima looked up, mildly surprised. Kaieda had a
comforting smile. “Regardless of what happened, I hope you get to see your brother again.”
Majima was a little taken aback by the kindness of the man he had just met. “T-thanks, I hope so,
too.” Kaieda nodded and then returned inside the school. Majima’s eye followed him the whole
way. Just who the hell was that guy? Assuredly, he noticed something was off. Or does he just not
mind?
Majima took a glance at Kiryu, and then back to the entranceway. That guy was no sucker. He’s
just… really nice. Maybe… maybe this will work out fine. This place can’t be so bad if there’s

people like him here.
His focus shifted to Rika. And then there’s the demigoddess over here that reminds me, “Nope! This
place is still batshit insane.” He smirked to himself. But hey, that’s my style. Let’s see what you
have to offer, “Granny.”
~~~~
P.E. had ended. The students were behind the school changing and getting ready to go. Rika was
one of the last to return. She had been preoccupied with planning what to do next in this loop. As
she was returning, she spotted Majima outside the school. He seemed to be minding his business,
when he perked up upon seeing her. “Yeesh, kid. I was wondering when you were gonna be done.
Hop to it.”
Rika was surprised at how Majima talked to her. It was strangely direct for talking to someone her
age. “Meep! I’m sorry. I got distracted playing with some bugs.” She put on her usual adorable
expression.
Majima didn’t buy it for a second. He took a quick look around to see if anyone was present. Not a
soul but the two. “So, what’s it like being a kid and also a century old hag?”
Rika mentally flat lined for a few seconds. Her brain needed a bit to catch up to what was just so
casually said. “P-pardon me?”
“You’re like both a kid and ancient. That’s gotta be weird, right?”
She was completely befuddled. “D-did Kiryu-”
“Yeah,” Majima answered, interrupting her.
“... And how did-”
“Your ghost mom scared the shit out of me.”
Rika felt silent. Her composure completely gone. She just mouthed words silently. “What? Me
knowing isn’t that crazy considering what I’ve heard about you.”
Rika’s eyes narrowed and her expression soured. “You are here to help me, right? You ARE Kiryu’s
friend? And wait, we shouldn’t be discussing this. Someone could be listening.”
Majima got off the wall and began walking towards Rika. “Oh, shush. I’d know if someone was
watching us.” He crossed his arms. “Anyway, yes, to both questions. However, I have some
questions of my own. Ones I’d like to hear from the girl that got my friend into this mess to begin
with.”
Majima was now less than a foot from in front of Rika. He was a few inches shorter than Kiryu, but
he was quite threatening in his own way. He squatted to be eye level with her. “This IS outside your
control, right? This was just some space time bullshit that got us all involved whether we wanted it
or not?”
Rika audibly gulped and took a step back. “If you know the truth about me, you shouldn’t even
have to question that. I just want to save myself and my friends. I did ask Kiryu to help me, but he’s
gone above and beyond what I’ve needed.”

Majima shook his head. “Yeah, that’s his whole thing. Going 200% for others even if it bites him in
the ass.” He looked at Rika with a near lethal look. “Even if it means letting someone like you kill
him.”
Rika’s eyes widened. “I… I apologized for that. I… um,” Her voice trailed off. H-Hanyuu please
come spook him again or something! This is getting bad fast!
“You know what happens when you hurt a good friend of mine?” Rika froze solid. Majima raised
his hand towards her. She closed her eyes tight, bracing for some horrid pain. Nothing happened.
She cautiously opened her eyes. Only to be received with a flicking on the forehead.
“Ow!” She held her forehead with both hands. Majima smirked and stood up. “Relax, I’m just
messing with ya. I don’t care if you’re mentally old as fuck. You’re clearly still more or less a kid
caught in a horrible situation. I’ll help your sorry ass out, just don’t go hurting my friend again.”
He winked at Rika. Rika was simultaneously embarrassed and mad. She still held on her head and
pouted. “You’re an asshole, you know.”
Majima held a cackle in. “Sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
“BOO!!”
“What the fuck?!” Majima fell backwards on his rear. Hanyuu had appeared right in front of him,
and scared him badly. “I will not tolerate you making fun of my Rika!”
Rika’s eyes lit up, and she had to hold back her own laugh. Majima looked furious, but he looked at
both of them and calmed himself down. “Fine, I deserved that a little. I won’t pick on her. Just quit
with that spooky crap.”
Rika smirked. “Honestly, it was deserved. You shouldn’t mess with ‘little girls’.”
Majima didn’t respond, but you could tell he was fuming. Oh, it’s fucking ON! You’re not gonna get
me like that Obatarian. I swear, you’re going to regret it so badly, when I get in the club and kick
your ass in… I don’t know poker or whatever the hell you kids play!
Kiryu quickly walked out. “Is everything ok?! I heard a scream and-” His mouth fell shut at the
scene before him. He couldn’t entirely tell what had happened, but he could sense something
deeply nonsensical had happened. He was hardly amused. “I don’t know what you three idiots are
doing, but get inside.”
And thus would be the beginning of many shenanigans. As well as many eventful days to come.

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for the shorter chapter. Finals are coming up, and I just wanted to get something out to
hold y'all over. I'll be on sorta break soonish, so next chapter should be back to regular length.
Yes, the title is a ChillinDude reference, but it does fit the chapter lol.

Chapter 35: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 3: Aiming to Win
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was near evening and school had ended. While the other kids went home, an intense competition
was about to begin. All the club members were gathered together, along with Majima as the
newbie. Kiryu had mentioned that he had briefed Majima on how “unique” the club was, and what
came with it. None of the kids had a problem with Majima joining, and were now waiting for Mion
to reveal the game they were going to play tonight.
As they waited, the other club members took glances at their new opponent. Majima had seemed so
polite in his introduction, and he had basically the same look now. But there was a new intensity to
his eyes. One that seemed to increase as Mion got ready to reveal whatever trials they would
overcome.
In contrast to everyone else, she had a sheepish smile. “So, I had a game planned today. It’s one we
haven’t played in a long time. It was darts. Just three rounds of it. Whoever got the most points
wins, and least loses. It’s just, um…“
Kiryu followed Mion’s line of sight and peeked at Majima. Ohhh…
Majima hand waved it. “Relax, I’ve played my fair share of darts. The eye patch ain’t gonna hurt
anything. Let’s do it.”
Mion breathed a sigh of relief. “Good to hear. Let’s get started then! I assume we all know how
darts works?”
Everyone nodded. Mion clapped her hands. “Alright! Let’s draw straws to determine the turn
order!”
Straws were pulled, and the turn order was decided. It would go Satoko, Kiryu, Mion, Keiichi,
Rena, Rika, and finally Majima. Majima frowned for half a second, before blowing it off. “It’s only
fair to save the best for last.”
In turn, Satoko was mildly nervous to be first. The distance between her and the dartboard was
nearly eight feet. Breathe in, breathe out. This is fine. She goes for a safe high score. She lands on
the top in the middle of the board, granting 20 points to her. She sighed in relief, and suddenly felt
far more confident. “Ohohoho! A fine score for the soon-to-be winner!”
Next up was Kiryu. He felt the dart in his hand, rolling it along his fingers. I’ve played darts who
knows how many times at Vincent over the years. It’s been a couple of months, though. Let’s see if I
still got it. With steady aim and the dart feeling as natural as ever in his hand, he threw it precisely.
Bam! Right on the bullseye. The rest of the kids eyes lit up, and Majima smirked. Kiryu felt mildly
cool, and turned to face them with a competitive smile. “Consider this an after school lesson in how
to play darts.”
Mion walked up. If there was one notable thing about Mion, it was her consistency. She was a
sharpshooter, and had won once during the handful of games they had played. She kept her posture

appropriate, her eye on the prize. Once again, another 20 was found. She said nothing, but rather
nodded to herself. I’d best not get too cocky on just the first round. I have steep competition.
Keiichi would follow up. This was his first time playing darts at the club. In fact, it was only one of
a handful of times he’s played darts in his life. He fiddled with the dart in his hand, considering
what to go for. I have to try and score high. Everyone has had a strong start so far, and no way am I
getting the penalty. But… crap. What do I aim for?
… The 18. Let’s just go for 18. Keiichi firmly grasped the dart and threw at the board. He got an 18.
An unexpected (even to him) double 18 at that. Right on the red in the outer circle of the board.
Mion let out a whistle. “Have you been practicing, Kei? That was pretty risky.” Keiichi shrugged
his shoulders. “Guess I’m better than I thought.” Oh, thank God. They didn’t realize that was just
me getting lucky.
Rika mildly smirked. That was totally him just getting lucky.
Rena came up next. She looked slightly flustered. Like Satoko, darts were never a specialty of hers
either. Pleeeaaase let me get what I want. She aimed steadily, hoping for a bullseye. She launched
the dart, and it veered slightly more left than she had hoped. It landed on the black 14 near the
green ring of the bullseye. The first proper low score anyone had gotten so far. Rena swallowed
nervously, and tried to blow it off. “T-there’s still the next two rounds.”
Rika would follow, and she surprisingly also got a 14. “It’s harder to get a bullseye than you think,
meep.” A few of the kids chuckled, but Kiryu raised an eyebrow. Assuredly, she has the most
practice in this game out of anyone here. Or maybe she’s just going easy on us. … Or, maybe darts
are just tricky no matter how old you get.
The last contestant was Majima as he gracefully got up from his seat. He adjusted his tie, grasping
a dart from the small pile. His posture was refined and steady. As if, they were all watching a
professional at work. As if he was Captain Ahab himself unleashing a javelin upon his own
detested whale, he struck cleanly in the center of the bullseye. A clean and easy 50 points.
He turned to face the kids, who were all stunned by his play. Even Kiryu was mildly impressed.
Straight from the get-go, he’s giving mercy to no one.
Majima smirked, his eye briefly locking with Rika’s. You’d best play like you mean it, Granny.
Rika sharply inhaled for a second, but she immediately returned to her cutesy facade.
With round 1 done, the scores were as follows:
Majima: 50
Kiryu: 50
Keiichi: 36
Mion: 20
Satoko: 20
Rena: 14
Rika: 14

Round 2 begins! Satoko returned to the front. Her composure slightly wavering from the pressure.
Good start so far. I just need to follow it up. C’mon, you can do this. She attempted to line up the
dart with the bullseye, and threw it. Much like Rena in the first round, it moved slightly right and
hit the black 13 on the edge of the bullseye. Satoko clicked her tongue. “An… unfortunate mistake,
but I will get an excellent score next round,” she stated, seemingly trying to convince herself more
than her club mates.
Kiryu stretched and prepared for his next shot. Let’s go for something a bit higher risk. He directed
the dart towards the triple 20, and sent it. His calculations were slightly off, but he did end up
hitting the double 20. He nodded his head. Not ideal, but still a great score.
Mion would have similar thoughts, and aimed for a bullseye. Sure enough, she landed one and got
herself a nice 50. Keiichi hoped for another lucky break. He switched to a slightly more
comfortable stance. It wasn’t as lucky of a break, but he managed to land a double 12 gaining 24
points. … Not at all what I was aiming for, but I’ll take it.
Rena was feeling anxious now. Just aim for the bullseye. Just… aim… for the bullseye. She made
sure her posture was relaxed, and sought out that illusive 50 points. Yet again, she narrowly missed
it. Hitting the black of the 18 just outside the bullseye. The atmosphere was suddenly tense, as the
loser of this game might have just become apparent. She cursed under her breath, and put on a fake
smile. “Rena will just need to make a comeback in the last round, hauuu.”
Rika was before the board. She was in a similar position to Rena with a weak start. No one could
see it, but there was a glimmer in her eye. Like it was the easiest thing in the world, the bullseye
found itself impaled. A couple of murmurs among the kids. She faced her friends with an adorable
smile. “I did it. Nipah!” She glanced at Majima. He knew what those innocent looking eyes hid.
Compared to the first round, Majima seemed more loose. He flipped the dart in the air, caught it,
and launched it at an unusual angle. It landed right on the double 15. A spot on the board no one
would usually get, unless they were trying to. The room went silent. There was no need to have
done that. Majima wasn’t taking it easy on them. He was showing just how dominating he could be,
if he really wanted to. And he could afford to, considering the current scores.
With Round 2 over, the scores were tallied up:
Kiryu: 90
Majima: 80
Mion: 70
Rika: 64
Keiichi: 60
Satoko: 33
Rena: 32
The final round had commenced, and some were feeling far more stressed than others. Satoko held
the dart in her shaking hand. She tried to breathe regularly, but it felt labored. Were her palms

sweaty from her nerves, or was it just the summer air? She had no time for such questions. It was
now or never.
Just follow the example of Majima. It’s not that hard. I just have to send it properly. Maybe… try
going for something that’s not the bullseye. She considered her options carefully, and launched the
dart towards the board. In a stunning turnaround, she landed on the triple 18. A wonderful throw in
its entirety.
A few of the kids gasped, and both adults were surprised. Majima grinned. “Not bad, kid. You got it
down now.”
Satoko blushed. “O-of course! As should be expected, when I’m truly trying.”
In contrast, Kiryu was much more at ease. He hadn’t guaranteed a win, but he had high enough
points he was in no danger of losing. I COULD show off, but… nah, let’s just play it safe. He
pointed the dart at the 20, and sure enough, he got it. A nice, simple throw. A satisfying way to end
off.
Mion was also fairly satisfied with her points so far, but she was always ready to do a little showing
off. Just for the fun of it. C’mon, give me that juicy 50! She almost did. The dart was sent a bit
higher than she had meant, and landed on the 20 above the bullseye. Mion smiled. Sure, why not.
It’s a good enough score.
It was Keiichi’s turn, and he was a bit worried. He had nearly double the points of Rena, but she
was always a wild card in these. An excellent score could put her above him in the final results. He
had to make sure he didn’t fumble here. Unfortunately, no bullseye was found. He did hit right
outside it on the green, though. A solid 25 points, just not his ideal. He faced his friends with a
sheepish smile. “I just hope that will be enough.”
It was now time for the big one. The one with the least points, and the hardest comeback to make.
Rena stepped up and firmly grabbed her dart. There was something almost eerie to how calm she
seemed. She was completely concentrated on not losing this. She silently prayed to Oyashiro to
guide her hand. Everyone was silent in anticipation.
Nearly half a minute passed, and then it was gone from her fingers. Launched towards the board,
deciding her ultimate fate. And then, it hit.
Stillness.
Not a sound was made. It was not out of disappointment, but rather… awe. A triple 20. The highest
score anyone could get in the game. Even Rika was astonished. In all the fragments and games of
darts she had played, she could count the number of triple 20s on one hand. This was the first time
Rena had ever landed one as well.
Rena turned back, still in disbelief. “I… I did it?”
“Yes, you did! Good stuff, Rena!” Keiichi shouted. Everyone clapped at the impressive
achievement. Rena smiled and looked away. “I did it! Rena did it! Hauuu!”
There were two souls left to launch their final strikes. Perhaps one could say the two true
competitors in this game. Rika would be the first. As if to continue the astonishing plays, Rika
landed a second bullseye in a row. 114 points, just like that. Rika flashed a mischievous smile. “I

think I just won, nipah!” She turned her gaze to Majima. “Unless Mr. Bowl-Bowl wins. I’m sure he
can!” She said, with a falsely encouraging smile.
The meaning of the nickname was lost on the kids. It took Kiryu a second, but he had to quickly
hold back a laugh. Majima hadn’t gotten it himself yet, and he side-eyed Kiryu. What’s so fucking
funny?
“I think Rika is referring to your choice of… hairstyle.” Kiryu answered. Majima slightly flinched
at the reveal. Satoko held back a giggle, as the other kids tried to correct Rika. “I… don’t know if
that’s the best nickname, Rika.” Mion stated.
Rika tilted her head in confusion. “Meep? I think it looks nice on Mr. Majima.”
“Ahhh!” Kiryu said in an exaggerated fashion. “My bad, she was trying to compliment you.”
Majima gave a polite smile. The type he always fell back on, when he needed to. “Of course, I
knew it wasn’t an insult.”
Compliment, MY ASS! I make this shit look GOOD! You ain’t getting in my head, Granny.
Majima calmly walked up to in front of the dart board. It stared back at him as its last opponent. No
need to waste time, let’s get this done. Once again, he flipped the dart in the air. He caught it, and
didn’t launch it immediately this time. He took a second to properly aim for the triple 20. And then
let it loose like a hunter’s javelin upon it prey.
It hit the board. The throw was beautiful, and the result was astonishing. It was breathtaking. It was
utterly unbelievable.
Just to the upper right of the red of the triple 20, the dart had instead landed on white. The white of
1 point. One singular point. Just two points behind Satoko in total, and now in last place.
Majima was aghast, and hist audience was deafeningly silent. He slowly turned to face them. His
sights immediately focused on Rika. She was wearing an evil looking smile. Possibly sadistic as
well. Majima wordlessly spouted words like a fish on land desperate for breath. … Are you fucking
kidding me? He quickly attempted to get a hold of himself and awkwardly cleared his throat before
returning to his seat.
Not wanting to linger on the anticlimactic finale, Mion stood up. She tallied the points real quick
and listed it out. The final results were:
Rika 114 (14, 50, 50)
Kiryu 110 (50, 40, 20)
Mion 90 (20, 50, 20)
Rena: 90 (14, 18, 60)
Satoko 87 (20, 13, 54)
Keiichi 85 (36, 24, 25)
Majima 81 (50, 30, 1)

Keiichi exhaled a sigh of relief. Sorry newbie, this is how it goes. Trust me, I’d know.
Kiryu leaned over and whispered to Majima. “Don’t worry. They got me good my first time, too.”
Majima sighed. “That doesn’t really help, but thanks.” “No problem, bud. Just remember, you were
the one that wanted in so badly.” Kiryu said, winking.
Majima grumbled under his breath as Mion put away the darts set. “Alright, since Rika won, she
gets to decide the penalty for our… newbie here.” She looked like a kid ready to play with a new
toy. “Decide our new friend’s fate, Rika!”
Rika silently thought of the best punishment she could give. “Meep, I have an idea!”
~~~~
It was nearing evening time. The club had closed up, and the gang were walking home. Though,
with a lot more stares on them than usual. Majima was wearing a set of cat ears, a long cat tail, and
a pair of “Mew Shoes” that made a very annoying meow sound every step. He was a proper sour
puss in the get-up. The kids occasionally giggled, and Kiryu was practically dying on the way back.
He had to stop a couple of times, doubled over from laughing. Rika was quite satisfied and had a
cheery grin on her face the whole way.
Eventually, they reached the point of parting ways. Before they left, Rika had Hanyuu whisper to
Kiryu they’d come up with a plan of action in the morning. “Hey, Rika,” Majima called. Rika faced
him with a slight smirk. “Yes?” “That was a good final throw.”
Unexpectedly, Majima was smiling himself. “You got skills. I’ll give you that. BUT BEWARE!”
He yelled, pointing dramatically at her. “You have NOT seen the last of Goro Majima in mortal
combat!”
Kiryu rolled his eyes. He always has to be extra.
Rika nodded with a smile. “I’ll look forward to it!!”
And with that they parted ways.
Soon enough, the two arrived at Kiryu’s house. Majima quickly got rid of his new feline fashion
additions. “Granny doesn’t fuck around, huh?”
Kiryu stifled a laugh. “Not to say ‘I told you so’, buuut-”
“Oh, shut it. I knew what I was getting into. I’ll just have to win next time. Thankfully, I know the
kind of people I’m operating with now.”
Majima went into the bathroom to undress and change.
Kiryu smiled at the absurdity. “You make them sound like some opposing yakuza gang instead of a
bunch of kids.”
“Might as fucking well be! Bunch of damn delinquents.” He sounded upset, but Kiryu knew he was
just exaggerating. Majima had clearly enjoyed the antics.
“Then we fit right in.”

“Who’s ‘we’, civvy? You’re a goody-two-shoes now.”
“Yeah, and I can take care of myself just fine.”
“Wasn’t your whole speech to me about how you WEREN’T fine in all this?”
Kiryu paused for a second. “... I can and have been fine in Kamurocho. This is a hell of a different
place compared to that.”
Majima opened the door. He had changed into some casual pants with a bunch of chibi-style tigers
on them. He was also shirtless. Kiryu was a bit taken aback. “What the hell are you doing?”
“What? It’s summer. It’s hot as shit out, and I’m not about to sweat my balls off. Where am I
sleeping anyway?”
“Oh, you can sleep on…” A horrid realization just hit Kiryu. There was only one bed. Just big
enough to fit two adults. He scowled and got a bad feeling. “On second thought, you can sleep
here. I’ll go to a hotel.”
“What’s the problem. We can just both share the same…” Majima trailed off as an idea popped into
his head. A sinister grin crawled onto his face. “Ohhh, that’s what this is about.”
“Don’t you dare pull anything.”
“What? Nothing to worry about. It’s just two guys sleeping together. One shirtless, with his bare
back or chest facing his friend.”
“I will fucking END YOU, if you try to do anything weird.”
Majima stifled a chuckle. “Relax! I’m not some sexual predator. I’m just messing with ya. I know
ya don’t swing that way.” He went back into the bathroom to grab a black t-shirt to put on.
Kiryu blushed a bit. “Yeah, I’m not judging or anything. Love who ya want. You know, I’m just
kinda… bad with this.”
Majima shook his head. “You’re the only man I know who can fuck a dozen different girls, and still
act like a shy schoolgirl at the notion of romance or love. When the hell are you getting a girlfriend,
man?!”
“I hear enough of this shit from Nishiki, I don’t need it from you. And FOR THE RECORD, that
Telephone Club was just me being a stupid, horny 20-year-old. I… technically have experience, but
not like that.”
“Ok, but what’s stopping ya from actually gaining some?”
Kiryu thought for a few seconds how to answer. “Well, I could do some heavy soul-searching and
introspection, but really I’d say the time loop murder mystery is the main thing right now.”
At that, Majima didn’t have a response. “Fair enough. Let’s get us both out of this mess first.”
Kiryu nodded and both got into the bed. It was a bit more cramped than either had anticipated, but
it would have to do. Kiryu turned off his lamp and darkness filled the room. “G’night Majima.”

“Sweet dreams, Kazzy.”
A few minutes passed, and then Majima began to whisper. “Hey, you still up?”
“It’s been maybe five minutes. What?”
“I was serious when I say I hope you get a girlfriend eventually. Doesn’t have to be now. Could be
some decades from now even. But whenever you do find that person you love, never let go of them.
Be there for her no matter what. Create a lovely family with her, and have the times of your life.
Don’t… don’t lose her like I had to.”
The vibes were suddenly heavy and sobering. Kiryu knew exactly who he was talking about. He
hesitated on how to best answer, but ended up going with something simple.
“I will. I promise.”

Chapter End Notes

I'm sorry, but the idea of Majima in the cat get-up was way too fucking funny to not pass up.

Chapter 36: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 4: The 3 Million Yen
Man
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kiryu opened his eyes. For once, it was not the higurashi that had awoken him this Thursday
morning, but some sound downstairs. He glanced over at his alarm clock. 6:05 A.M. I bit earlier
than he usually got up, but nothing he couldn’t deal with. The noise seemed to grow a little louder.
Kiryu frowned. What the hell is Majima doing?
Kiryu rubbed his eyes, got out of bed, and slowly walked down the stairs. Sure enough, Majima
was in the kitchen cooking something. He spotted Kiryu and gave a wave. “Morning, Sunshine!
About time, you got up.”
“About time? What are you doing up so early?”
Majima scoffed. “Early? Yeah, maybe 5:30 is early for the weak. I’m on a mission here, bozo. You
think I can relax?”
Kiryu rolled his eyes. “Whatever, what are you cooking? Hopefully, something edible?”
Majima looked almost offended. “Motherfucker, I ran the GRAND! I needed to know how to do
everything, and being a good cook was one of those. Go take a shower, and get ready for the
Majima Special!”
Kiryu shrugged, and figured he’d do that. One quick shower later, and now being fully dressed he
joined Majima for breakfast. Majima had cooked up some fruit cocktail and miso soup. “Take a
seat, Kazzy! Tell me what you think.”
Kiryu took a seat, and somewhat skeptically took a spoonful of the soup. Surprisingly, it and the
fruit tasted great. Well, I’ll be damned. Majima can cook.
“Impressed?” Majima asked, as smug as could be.
… I could be mean, but he deserves credit where credit is due. Kiryu nodded. “Yeah, this is damn
good. My compliments to the chef.”
“Forgot to wear my ‘Kiss The Chef’ apron,” he said, winking.
“You can kiss my ass,” Kiryu bantered back, as he took a sip of his coffee.
They ate in peace while the higurashi serenaded both of them with their usual song. At least, until
Majima brought up the elephant in the room. “So, what’s the plan?”
Kiryu stopped mid-bite, and then quickly chewed and swallowed. “Good question. I’ve been
thinking about it.”
Majima stared blankly back at him. “So that means you don’t have anything?”

“No! I have some ideas! I just need to think about it more.”
Majima took the last sip of his coffee, and slammed the mug back down on the table dramatically.
“Kiryu, pal. You are DOGSHIT at lying!”
Kiryu flinched, and let out a reluctant sigh. “Ok, fine! I’m not entirely sure where to go from here. I
know my objectives here, but the path there is much easier said than done. If it’s using my fists,
sure, I can solve damn near anything. But it’s not like I can just solve this with violence. One
wrong move and I can endanger this whole community…”
Kiryu put a head on his forehead, feeling a headache coming on. Majima leaned back in his chair
and gave it some thought. “That Takano woman is the one behind all this. I still say we just
confront her about this.”
Kiryu quickly shook his head. “We can’t jeopardize Rika. This is home territory for the Mountain
Dogs, and even if say one of us guarded Rika while the other tried to take the MDs out, there’s far
too many factors that could go wrong. We have very, VERY few chances at this realistically. … I
can’t imagine Hanyuu has that many more opportunities to loop with her remaining power.”
Majima crossed his arms. “Yeah, you got it rough. Worst case scenario, you do have to loop again,
and I may not be there this time. Not that you particularly wanted me here to begin with,” he noted,
smirking.
Kiryu softly smiled. “I give you a lot of shit, but it is nice to have another ally this time around.”
Majima’s expression hardened. “And what you do if I’m not here next time? Kind of sucks to ask,
but you do need to consider it.”
Kiryu took a deep breath and crossed his arms. Majima didn’t give him time to answer. “Trick
question, dumbass. You’ll get it done like you always do.”
Kiryu wasn’t sure what to say, so he simply shrugged. “Yeah, I guess so.”
“No guessing about it! If anyone is capable of it, you can Kazzy!” Majima exclaimed, grinning.
In the face of his enthusiasm, what could Kiryu do but smile back. “Thanks for the pep talk,
Majima. I appreciate it.”
“Don’t worry about it! Someone has to kick your sorry ass into gear!”
That smile faded to a half smile. “Can’t just give me straight encouragement, can ya?”
“Hey, someone has to give you some shit too. I’m balancing ya out.”
“Sure, you’re obviously a paragon of stability. Where would I be without you, Master?”
Majima stretched his arms and put them behind his head, leaning back. “Still without a plan of
action,” he replied dryly.
Kiryu went to say something, but slowly closed his mouth and put a hand on his chin and his elbow
on the table. No comeback for that.

About half a minute passed, before Kiryu spoke. “Fine, I feel lost for ideas. You have something,
Majima?”
Majima leaned forward, and became focused. “Look, I’m no detective, and I’m certainly not some
damn pig. But I can still tell you there’s a lead you may want to focus on exploring again.”
“And that would beeee… what?”
“Who’s the prick that started all this to begin with?”
Kiryu’s eyes widened. “I… he’s… I don’t know.”
Majima snapped his fingers. “Exactly! We find the rat bastard, get the info we need, and turn his
ass over to the Tojo. Win-Win!”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Do you have an idea as to how to find this guy? The Tojo told me his
name was ‘Gou Sotsu’, but that’s an alias, if I’ve ever heard one. All I know about the guy is that
he’s blond and around his late 30s. This is assuming he’s not altered his looks at all, and is also still
somewhere around here.”
Majima seemed proud of himself. “Let’s just say I had my boys do some deeper digging before I
got here. Poke around, ask local informants, that sort of thing. I… maybe have a name.”
“Either you do or you don’t.”
Majima pulled out a folded piece of paper in his pocket. He unfolded it and slid it over to Kiryu.
On it were a list of names that all started or ended with T. “Our target accidentally signed a form
with a crossed out T and then the initials of his alias ‘GS’. Rather sloppy work, but our guy wasn’t
the smartest to begin with. This is a list of all the clients that have visited the loan office we know
he was at within the last three months.”
Kiryu looked over the list. There had to have been nearly a 100 names on it. “Not a detective, my
ass. This is incredible, Majima! It’s still a lot, but it’s a starting point.”
Majima leaned back, satisfied. “Yeah, I’m badass like that. I know.”
Kiryu rested his chin on his hand. “I’m grateful to have this, but I still feel like I’m trying to find a
needle in a haystack. Is there any name in particular that stands out?”
Majima crossed his legs and leaned in. “That’s where I was hoping you could come in. Look at the
list carefully. Are there any of them that stand out?”
Kiryu grabbed his mug, and went for the last few sips of coffee. “Let’s see… “ He scanned the
names carefully. Nearly a minute had passed, when he froze. Majima had been looking at the clock,
when he whirled back to face Kiryu hearing a loud shattering noise. Kiryu had dropped the mug on
the ground along with the coffee in it.
“Oy!” Majima hastily grabbed some napkins to clean up the spill and carefully handled the broken
glass. “Fuck’s sake man! What name could be on that list to cause you… to…“
Majima cut himself off. Kiryu was shaking. Not from fear, but… anger. He followed Kiryu’s line of
sight, and he quickly understood his friend’s change in attitude. The man they were possibly
looking for was none other than an individual named “Teppei Hojo”.

Chapter End Notes

Small little chapter between classes to tide y'all over. Can't say when next chapter will be out,
but know that I have a lot in store for this arc.

Chapter 37: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 5: A Friendly "Spar"
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Hinamizawa was just starting to awaken. It was a bright and beautiful morning out, which was
quite starkly contrasted by the gloomy, awkward mood of the two men walking through the town.
Majima would attempt to break the silence, though not gently. “Are you going to be able to teach
the kids today without any issues?”
Kiryu didn’t respond, and just kept his face forward, continuously walking. While he could
understand Kiryu’s mental state, Majima wasn’t a fan of being ignored. “Kazzy, I get this isn’t a
fun revelation, but we maybe have our guy. Get your shit together and-”
“Would you fuck off?” Kiryu aggressively asked, now facing Majima.
Not one to be intimidated even by Kiryu, Majima stood his ground. “Fuck off? Bitch, you need to
get your fuck ON! What are you even so mad about?!”
Kiryu avoided Majima’s gaze, which prompted him to continue.
“If this is our guy, you have MORE than enough reasons to beat the shit out of him, not counting
the abuse stuff! What’s the problem?”
Kiryu tried to meet Majima’s eyes, but he eventually had to look away again. “I’m scared,” he
muttered under his breath.
Majima looked more confused than anything. “Scared?! Of what?!”
Kiryu hesitantly regained eye contact with Majima. “Myself…”
A somber air came over the two as Majima’s face softened. He didn’t say anything, figuring it was
best to let Kiryu speak. “I’m… afraid I’m going to go too far. I don’t know if I can control myself.
Nishiki saved me from going down that path five years ago, but it’s not like that part of me ever
fully left. Yes, the world would most likely be better off with someone like him gone, but… that’s a
very slippery slope I don’t want to fall down.”
Majima stood there, arms crossed. Damn, I’ve never seen him act this vulnerable before. He’s
100% serious about this. And it’s not like I haven’t been there before myself…
He considered his next words very carefully. “I’ll be your Nishiki this time. I’ll keep you in check.
I need him alive, anyway. Buuuut,” He took a step forward and put a hand on Kiryu’s shoulder.
“Doesn’t mean we can’t ‘rough him up’ a bit,” he stated, winking.
Kiryu felt some weight lifted from him, and gave a relieved expression. I’m still anxious, but I
know I can count on Majima.
“I’ll also be here, if you need me!” Hanyuu chimed in excitedly, suddenly appearing near the two.
They both jumped, and Kiryu quickly covered Majima’s mouth to keep him from screaming.
Hanyuu became flustered. “S-sorry! I didn’t mean to scare you both. I just was coming to greet you

down the road, but I saw you were both grumpy and I wanted to wait for the right time to speak up
and… y-yeah, sorry!” She exclaimed while bowing.
They both took a deep breath, as Majima felt like his heart was about to jump out his throat. “Fuck
me, you have to stop doing that,” he growled in a low tone.
Hanyuu kept her head down. “S-so! I only heard the last bit of your conversation there. Did you
figure out a plan of action?”
“Yes, actually.” Kiryu confirmed. “Or at the least, Majima maybe has something new for us to look
into.”
Hanyuu’s eyes lit up. “Oh, lovely! Thank you, Majima!”
Majima crossed his arms. “Don’t get too excited. If it’s who we think it is, this can get messy.”
“What do you mean?”
“Teppei,” Kiryu bluntly confirmed. “He’s currently the most likely candidate for our runaway
man.”
The color left Hanyuu’s face. “T-that’s-”
“Not that big of a deal,” Majima interrupted. “He’s a small time crook. The Tojo clean up scum like
him pretty regularly. The only problem is locating him. Though, factoring in the knowledge we all
have, I think we can him easily enough.”
Hanyuu felt reassured, if somewhat intimidated, by the way Majima put it. Her gaze turned to
Kiryu. Her eyes became stern. “And you will be able to control yourself if you meet this man?”
Kiryu considered his words carefully, not wanting to lie to the divine being. “You heard what I and
Majima were talking about. I remember your words. They’re engraved into my mind. If I begin to
falter, I know Majima will set me straight.”
Her usual smile returned. “That is a satisfactory answer.”
“Can we PLEASE get going?” Majima grumbled.
“Yes, yes,” Kiryu answered. “Hanyuu, can you message Rika about this? Tell her we’ll handle it?”
“Certainly, see you at school!” She faded away, waving.
Majima shivered. “I’m never going to get used to that.”
Kiryu smirked. “You will. C’mon, let’s go.”
~~~~
It was nearing noon. Rika had gotten the memo from Hanyuu about Teppei. It wasn’t exactly happy
news to her, but it was nice finally getting some new info. Meanwhile, Kiryu and Majima were
having a casual chat outside, killing time till P.E. Suddenly, Majima’s eye sparkled. “Yo, Kazzy! I
got an idea for today’s P.E. class.”

Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “What? It better not be something dumb.”
“You’re teaching these kids self-defense techniques, right? How about we… ‘spar’ and show off a
more realistic fight,” he suggested with a mischievous grin.
Kiryu rolled his eyes. “Just say outright you want to fight. You’re not remotely subtle about it. Can
I even trust you to know what sparring is? We’re gonna get started, and you’re gonna get too into it
and try to kick my ass.”
Majima shook his head. “No! No, just like a demonstration of what a real fight can be like. What’s
the problem there?”
“The problem is that I’m trying to teach these kids to have minimum contact with a hypothetical
aggressor. We don’t want them actually fighting people. We just want them to be able to get away
from danger and be safe.”
“Sure, but what if they get cornered? This could be a do-or-die situation. I know you're teaching
them some martial arts, but would you consider them safe to live somewhere like Kamurocho?”
Kiryu paused briefly. … Would they be safe there? He took another look at Majima and his
expression soured. “Hang on, you’re still just trying to just get a fight out of me.”
Majima smirked. “I’m not wrong though, am I?”
“You’re not… wrong, but you’re being very annoying about it.”
“Really? I don’t think it’s too bad an idea myself.” Kaieda said, peeking his head outside the
backdoor of the school.
Kiryu nearly jumped. “K-Kaieda?! … D-don’t tell me you overheard all that.”
“I did. Your good friend seems eager to spar with you. What’s the problem?”
Kiryu put a hand on his head, sensing a large amount of stress incoming. “Kaieda, while he is my…
friend, he is VERY, very persistent about fighting me. I don’t think you would even believe half the
things he does to try to get me to fight him.”
“So he’s your rival too?! I had no idea, you were blessed to have such an ambitious partner willing
to push you constantly to higher peaks in your pursuit of martial arts.”
“That’s… that’s not…” Kiryu took one look at Kaieda and then at Majima. Both were eager at the
idea. Oh no, of course Kaieda would want to see me fight. I can turn down Majima, but can I do
that to Kaieda? It would be like telling a kid Santa isn’t coming for Christmas.
Kiryu tried to avoid Kaieda’s gaze, but he may as well have had puppy eyes. Kiryu grumbled under
his breath, and gritted his teeth. Finally, with an exasperated sigh, he relinquished. “Fine! I’ll spar
with Majima, but I swear you owe me one!” He shouted, pointing at Majima.
“You got it, bud!” Majima replied, posing with finger guns.
“It will be an honor to see you two do battle,” Kaieda commented.
~~~~

Sure enough, Kaieda had a full set of sparring gear on hand. Gear for the head, arms, and feet as
well as elbow and knee guards. Kiryu looked himself over in the bathroom mirror. Feels a little
restrictive for my liking, but also a full on fight would be way too violent and graphic for a bunch
of kids. I just hope Majima doesn’t get too into it.
As he exited to behind the school, there all the kids had gathered. Chie and Kaieda were going to be
the judges of their little spar. In the middle of the field stood Majima excited as ever to do their
semiregular duel. It was almost odd to see him without his trademark knife drawn.
Kaieda stepped between the two, ardent to begin the fight as soon as possible. “Today class we’ll
be having both Kiryu and Majima spar. While we aim to teach self-defense in this class and
encourage students to get AWAY from anyone attacking you, there may be times you find yourself
cornered. Our two martial artists today will showcase a variety of styles and moves you can use, if
you ever find yourself in such a situation. I believe it would also help to see what a real fight can
look like.”
Keiichi leaned in close to Mion and whispered, “Say, Mion. Is this the first time we’ve ever seen
Kiryu fight for real?”
“I think so? Honestly, I didn’t even know Majima could fight, too.”
Rena was analyzing them both. “They might be sparring buddies, actually. Majima seems really
eager to fight Kiryu.”
Keiichi squinted. “Yeah, now that you mention it Rena, he seems a little more… happy than
usual?”
“Men love to be violent and fight,” Satoko commented. “Kiryu is quite the gentlemen, but I’m sure
he’s fought at least a few times in his life.”
“Meep, they both seem very strong,” Rika noted. “I hope no one gets seriously hurt.” Seriously,
please hold back, the both of you. I don’t want anyone here to be injured, just in case.
Kaieda had just finished explaining how the winner would be based on a points system and judged
by himself and Chie. Now all that was left was to begin the fight. Both Kiryu and Majima stared
down each other. Something in the air shifted. Rika felt a slight bit of sweat on the back of her
neck. Uh oh.
Far faster than anyone there thought possible to move, Majima charged forward. He went for an
eye gouge which Kiryu just barely stopped by grabbing his arm. He looked at Majima like he was
insane. Majima just had his usual unhinged smile. “Lesson 1 Class! Your opponent is going to fight
dirty, so don’t be afraid to fight dirty back.”
Kiryu grimaced. Dammit, Majima. You always have to do this sort of bullshit. He tried to increase
his grasp on the arm, but Majima shook him off and followed up with a spinning roundhouse kick.
Kiryu blocked it, but it knocked him back a bit. He switched to his boxing stance and went for a
right straight, only for Majima to duck and dash behind him. He went for a rear naked choke, but
Kiryu jutted his elbow behind him before he could even initiate it.
Majima backed off a bit to recover from the elbow. He gave a cocky smirk. Doesn’t hurt as bad
with an elbow guard, but he still hits like a truck.

Kiryu took a breath and assumed his brawler stance. “Lesson 2 Class! Always be ready if your
opponent tries to get behind you.” This time, he approached Majima. He feinted a right straight and
went instead for a left hook. Majima blocked it just in time, and went for an elbow uppercut of his
own. Just inches from Kiryu’s face, he stopped. Kiryu had landed a devastating counter hook to
Majima’s solar plexus.
“That’s the counter hook!” Keiichi announced, as he pointed.
“Goodness, it’s quite effective,” Satoko said, mildly cringing from how brutal it looked.
“That was one of the first moves he taught us!” Rena chimed in, enthusiastically.
Mion whistled. “Hell of a nasty punch he’s got there.”
Majima coughed, his soul leaving him briefly. Kiryu used this time to attempt a rear naked choke of
his own. He got his arms around Majima’s throat. “C’mon Majima, just cooperate, so this can be
done, please. We’ve shown enough.” He whispered to him.
Majima gave an evil grin. He slightly jumped into the air and fell forward, bringing Kiryu down
with him. Kiryu let go and stuck out his hands to catch his fall. Majima used the momentum to do a
pseudo handstand and kick Kiryu in the face, causing him to let go. Kiryu backed off and checked
his face. No bleeding, most likely thanks to the sparring gear.
Majima was in a low stance. “Now, where the hell is the fun in that?”
The fight had made its way near the school building. Majima tried to rush Kiryu, but he had entered
beast stance. Majima slightly backed off, expecting him to go for a grapple after taking a hit.
Instead, Kiryu switched back to his boxing and tried to land a nasty straight on a retreating
Majima.
Majima clicked his tongue, and decided to hold his ground. He easily dodged the straight, but his
eye widened when he suddenly felt a firm grasp on his shoulder. “Lesson 3 Class!” Kiryu’s whole
arm flexed as he lifted Majima’s whole body up with one hand. “Use the environment to your
advantage.” He hurled Majima towards the building head-first like a javelin.
Multiple of the kids gasped. Chie was alarmed. “S-should we call the match?!”
Kaieda put a hand up. “Just watch, everything is fine.”
Majima used the momentum to turn around midair and hit the wall feet first. He braced himself, hit
the wall, and bounced back, flipping in the air. He landed on the ground gracefully, and extended
the momentum into a roundhouse kick. It was blocked, but the force was enough to make Kiryu
stumble backwards and fall. Majima flipped in the air again and went for a knee strike straight into
Kiryu’s chest, but he rolled to the side and stood up, avoiding it.
There was a small, but deep hole in the ground where Majima’s knee had landed. He stood up and
casually wiped the dirt off the knee brace. “Lesson 4 Class! Make sure to redirect your opponent’s
energy back at them.”
Majima didn’t let Kiryu catch his breath, and closed the gap. Kiryu went for a kick of his own, but
Majima ducked it and went for a slide. He went for a scissors hold on Kiryu’s leg, and caused him
to fall to the ground. Majima tried to get on top and mount, but slightly panicked when Kiryu

grabbed his whole face. He pinched Majima’s nose hard, causing him to recoil. Both got off the
ground and got some distance.
Majima’s nose wasn’t broken, but it sure was bleeding. Both were breathing hard at this point. For
the first time, Kiryu mildly smiled. “Lesson 5, aim for sensitive points when you can.”
Majima could only smile back. That asshole. He’ll cry and cry, but deep down he still loves a good
fight.
All the kids were on the edge of their seat waiting for what would happen next. Except for Rika,
who was covering her face. Hanyuu, is it over yet?
Hanyuu was doing the same, but peeked between her fingers. N-not yet.
A vein slightly bulged in Rika’s head. Can you go scout around to see if there are any Mountain
Dogs around? I need to have a serious talk with these two once they’re done.
Hanyuu gulped. S-sure! On it! She quickly disappeared as Rika began to grit her teeth.
Majima had switched stances and decided to let Kiryu approach him for once. Kiryu took the
opportunity, and did so carefully. Majima suddenly lunged forward. Kiryu tried to intercept, but
Majima fell backwards and went for a sweep in his Breaker style. Kiryu jumped backwards
avoiding it, but had to contend with Majima’s spinning kicks. Each one alternated between aiming
high, middle, and low, constantly keeping Kiryu on guard.
No one knew what to say. “Does this count as martial arts?” Keiichi questioned.
“I think so?” Satoko wondered. “It does certainly look more like break dancing, but if it works, it
works.”
“Some martial arts like capoeira do incorporate elements of dancing into their practice,” Mion
answered. “Though, I get the feeling this style is custom-made.”
“It looks pretty fun to use,” Rena said, smiling.
Kiryu went for a body blow, but Majima avoided and managed to wrap his legs around Kiryu’s
neck and drag him down to the ground. Majima had also grabbed the arm going for a punch. It was
a classic triangle choke.
“Is he going to choke him out?!” Keiichi blurted out.
“That was pretty well executed. I don’t see how he’s going to get out of this,” Mion commented.
“I don’t know. Kiryu doesn’t seem very stressed.” Rena pointed out. The kids looked at her and
then at Kiryu. He was struggling a bit, but he had a fiery look in his eyes. “I believe Kiryu can still
win this,” Rena said, with a sparkle in her eye.
Majima’s legs were tightly constricted around Kiryu’s throat. Kiryu was stuck on his knees trying
to do something with his free arm, but he wasn’t having much success. He wasn’t able to generate
much energy for a punch from his current position. “Sorry Kazzy, this one is mine!” Majima
confidently declared.

Kiryu didn’t reply. He looked back at Majima with a determined stare. Majima winced in pain. He
felt a sudden tight grasp on the side of his abdomen. “Grit those teeth.” Majima felt Kiryu’s whole
body shake as he began to stand up, bringing Majima’s nearly 180 pound body with him. Everyone
gasped. It was an unreal feat of strength.
“H-how is he doing that?” Chie wondered aloud.
Kaieda smiled. “Because he is a true warrior. A man of unparalleled strength.”
Now fully standing up with Majima still wrapped around him, Majima’s mind went blank. They
had fought many times, but Kiryu had never done something like this. He instinctually tried to
undo the hold, but Kiryu’s two arms now being free meant he was free to reposition the freed hand
on Majima’s leg and then move the other from the abdomen to the other leg.
As if he was swinging an axe down to cut wood, Kiryu swung Majima down with all his might.
The sound of him crashing against the ground was almost nauseating to hear. Everyone flinched or
had to briefly look away. As for Majima himself, he briefly blacked out from the blow. If it wasn’t
for his headgear, the blow might have left him with a concussion. He felt like every last bit of air
had been sucked out of his lungs, as he desperately gasped for anything to fill them.
Kiryu stood victoriously over his opponent. “Can we call it here, Majima?”
Majima looked up at Kiryu, still half-dazed. A few moments passed, and he smirked. “Fine, can’t
really argue over that.”
Kaieda had walked towards the two, with the battle now over. He offered a hand out to Majima.
“Need some help, Mr. Majima?” Kiryu smirked and did the same. Majima grumbled a bit salty over
his loss, but grabbed both their hands. They dragged him to his feet as he regained his balance.
“That was an excellent fight, gentlemen! I and Chie have discussed our ruling. It was quite close,
but I believe the winner is clear now.”
“Yeah, no kidding, Sherlock,” Majima said under his breath.
Kaieda smiled back at Majima. He then held Kiryu’s fist high in the air. “Our winner is Kiryu
Kazuma!”
Everyone clapped as they went in an uproar. Cheers and whistles could be heard. Both Kiryu and
Majima bowed to each other. “I hope this helps you all in the future, if you ever find yourself in a
bad situation.” Kiryu lectured.
“Do NOT try that wrestling crap at home, much less in sparring!” Majima added on. Everyone had
a hearty chuckle as their grand duel came to a close.
~~~~
As P.E. ended and everyone got cleaned up and was going inside, Rika gestured to Majima and
Kiryu. They both looked at each other puzzled, and then looked back at Rika. She continued to
gesture to them with an innocent smile on her face. Majima leaned in to whisper. “Hey, aren’t there
those Mountain guys we have to make sure aren’t spying on us? Like, isn’t that the whole point of
ghost grandma?”

“You don’t sense anyone, do you? You’re better about that than I am.”
Majima took a moment to look around. “ … Nope, I’m pretty sure we’re alone. Must be important,
let’s go.”
They followed Rika behind the school. She turned around to face them. Her eyes were closed, and
she had a beaming smile, but something was off.
It had taken some time, but the dots finally connected in both of their heads. “Er, Rika? Is
everything ok?” Kiryu cautiously asked.
“Get on your knees.” Rika said in a monotone voice. Her expression remained the same.
Even with her eyes closed, Majima couldn’t keep eye contact. He attempted to keep up his bravado.
“Sorry, we got a little carried away out there, but why the hell would I-”
“Get. On. Your. Knees. Both of you.” Her voice had become much deeper and threatening.
They both flinched and decided to just comply and get it over with. They were now kneeling and at
about her height. Rika slowly opened her eyes and took a deep breath in and out. She stretched out
her hand, and harshly slapped both of them in one go. “DO YOU HAVE FUCKING DENTS IN
YOUR HEADS?!!” Rika yelled out.
Hanyuu appeared panicking. “R-Rika! There could be people around!”
She glared at Hanyuu. “I just had you check for that very reason. As for you two,” she said, shifting
her gaze to the two. “What the hell were you thinking?! Were you even thinking at all?!”
Both of them were still stunned by the slap, but especially Kiryu. He blushed at the realization he
really had gotten carried away. “S-sorry, I might have gotten too into it.”
“Got too into it?! You damn near put a hole in the wall with him!” She yelled, pointing at Majima.
“And as for you, I know you were the one that suggested this dumbass idea! I don’t care if you’re
Kiryu’s friend/rival/enemy/whatever, we are ALL ON A MISSION HERE!!”
Both of the men just stayed kneeled there, closing their eyes, doing their best to survive the verbal
onslaught. From an outsider's perspective it must have looked equally absurd and funny, but it was
all too real to both of them. “I have limited time and the thing you two decide to do is ‘Oh, let’s be
stupid men and have a manly macho fight as a sparring match’,” she said mockingly.
“What the hell is wrong with both of you?! One of you could have seriously injured the other, and
quite possibly right before Takano does something! I just-”
She cut herself off. Both opened their eyes to see Rika looking down at the ground. “I just feel like
this could be one of the best opportunities we have. I have both you AND Majima to help me here.
When things inevitably go south again, we’re at least well-prepared for it this time. How can I not
be upset when I’m just stuck like this and the only two people besides Hanyuu I can count on are
doing this?!”
Majima would be the first to stand up. He then bowed so low his head was almost touching the
ground. “You’re right, Rika. I apologize. We… no, I should have been taking this more seriously.
The fact is that the vast majority of this is my fault. If I can, please let me make it up to you.”

Kiryu followed and bowed as well. “I apologize as well, Rika. Forgive me of my absolute stupidity.
I got way too into fighting Majima.”
Rika crossed her arms, and looked at the ground. “It’s a start. I could go for some sweets and… “
She momentarily glanced at Hanyuu, who had finally returned after things settled down. Hanyuu
sighed, and gave a nod of approval. “Some expensive wine would be nice, too.”
Majima raised his head in sheer confusion. “You drink?”
“Yeah.”
“She does,” Kiryu confirmed. “Normally I’d say it’s a bad idea, but I believe she deserves it this
one time.”
Majima looked at Rika and then back at Kiryu again and shrugged. “Fuck it! Sure, get the 11-yearold alcohol. We ball!”
Finally, a soft smile appeared on Rika’s face. “Thank you. And I’m happy to have you both here. I
should also apologize for losing my temper there.”
Majima waved it off. “Eh, it’s fine. I’ve heard worse on the regular from random pricks in the Tojo.
Can’t say we didn’t deserve it, either.”
Hanyuu nodded, and got between the three. “I’m glad that settled itself, but shouldn’t we talk about
Teppei?”
A sobering silence overcame the trio. Majima was about to have brought it up himself, but he
understood it wasn’t a very fun topic for either Rika or Kiryu.
Kiryu took a long breath in and out. “Right. Hanyuu is the coast still clear?”
“It seems that way,” she answered.
“I don’t detect anyone, either,” Majima added.
“Ok, let’s get down to business.”

Chapter End Notes

Got a juicy idea for a fic at some point far down the road, so I might try to work on this one a
little more. I DARE not rush it, but I might try to put out chapters for it more frequently. Of
course, I say this, and watch it be May before I do another chapter, lol. We'll see, I do not have
a remotely consistent upload schedule, but if you're still reading up to this point you probs
know that by now :p.

Chapter 38: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 6: Konfession
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After their short meeting with Rika and patching themselves up from their “duel”, it was time. With
the excuse that they had “personal business” to attend to, Kiryu and Majima skipped the club that
day and were down in Okinomiya. Conversing with Rika, they got a better idea of what Teppei
looked like in more detail. She wasn’t as familiar with what places he typically visited, but she had
a few in mind. Unfortunately, so far they had had no luck. At the moment, they just looked like a
couple of tourists bumbling around the city.
Majima took a peek at his watch and groaned. “Man, I thought we’d have an easier time finding
this guy, but where the hell could he be?”
“You’re the dog here. I thought you’d be able to sniff him out,” Kiryu noted half-jokingly.
Majima rolled his eye. “You’re the one that knows this place, bozo. Mind giving some ideas?”
The two came to a stop. Kiryu sighed, and leaned against a nearby wall. “Can’t say I have any.”
Majima stared at him for a second, shrugged his shoulders, and joined Kiryu on the wall. “Daylight
is going quick, so we’d best think of something.”
Kiryu crossed his arms, and attempted to think of areas they hadn’t scouted out yet, or even areas
Teppei could have possibly gone to after they investigated. “Dammit, I go two steps forward, one
step back.”
“Just how life goes, Kazzy. Want a smoke?” Kiryu glanced at Majima. He was holding out a pack
of Seven Stars.
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “You still smoke those?”
“What? It’s a damn good brand.”
Kiryu scoffed. “Maybe if you’re a bum, yeah.”
Majima’s brow furrowed. “The hell’s wrong with Seven Stars?”
Kiryu wore a smirk. “If you’re not smoking Hi-Lite or Cabin King, you aren’t living.”
“Oh, and I’m supposed to pretend they don’t have an awful aftertaste?”
“At least they have a taste. Seven Stars is just bland.”
“Do you want a smoke, or do you want to keep bitching? Take it or leave it.”
Kiryu hesitantly lifted his arm, and eventually grabbed a smoke. “Fine, who am I kidding? I could
use a smoke. Beggars can’t be choosers.”
Majima shook his head. “Would have been so much easier if you just said yes from the start,” he
commented, while lighting his cigarette. “Like I said, you got a big old stick up your ass. A

massive, throbbing, thick stick up your ass.”
Kiryu stared at Majima blankly. “I don’t need that mental image, thank you.” He lit his own cigar,
and the two leaned back, hoping to gain some idea from the smoke break.
Five minutes passed, and then another five. Shadows were growing longer, and the sun was getting
ever so closer to the horizon. Kiryu grumbled, put out his cigarette, and threw it into a nearby trash
can. “Yeah, this isn’t working.”
Majima did the same, and put his arms behind his head, leaning back. “You think he’d stand out
like a sore thumb with the gaudy outfit.”
“Eh, there are a lot of tourists around here. I figured from the start this wouldn’t be easy. I was just
hoping we’d maybe get lucky.”
“I would say you already used up a lifespan’s worth of luck five years ago. Both of us did.”
Kiryu gave a bitter smile. “Maybe, but I hoped I’d have a bit left just to help Rika out of this hell.”
Majima realized the mood was getting gloomy, so he switched topics. “Speaking of, where is that
Hanyuu girl at? Assuredly, she’d have an easier time searching around here.”
“Did I not mention why? I’m having her patrol Hinamizawa for now. Just if something bad
happens.”
“You mean when something bad happens?”
Kiryu gave a disapproving glare. “I’m trying to be optimistic. Based on what Rika tells me,
something will happen. Let’s just hope it involves no one going crazy or dying.”
“Don’t worry, I already got you covered on the crazy part,” Majima said, winking.
Kiryu smiled and rolled his eyes. “We’d best get going.” The two were about to leave when Kiryu
spotted a familiar face. Keiichi was walking down the street, accompanied by who looked to be his
father. As if on cue, the two noticed, and Keiichi waved. “Teach! Other Teach!”
Majima leaned in to whisper to Kiryu. “Uh, should we give some excuse? I get the feeling we’ll be
stuck here talking for a while.”
Kiryu thought over it, and his eyes lit up. “Actually, this might be perfect.”
“How so?”
“Based on knowledge of past loops, Teppei seems to get involved with the kids. … Usually,
because they try to murder him.”
Majima stifled a laugh. “Deserved honestly.”
Kiryu didn’t respond with the same energy. “Let’s… hope it doesn’t come to that, and that we can
catch him first. It’s never ended well for anyone involved. Point being, just maybe we can get some
info about Teppei from talking to them.”
Majima remembered the gravity of the situation. “Right, right.”

In the time the two talked, Keiichi and his father were within greeting distance. “Yo, what are you
two doing here?” Keiichi asked.
“Oh, hey Keiichi. I’ve just been showing Majima some good shops around here. He won’t be here
for too long, so I figured I’d take the opportunity. Sorry for skipping club today.”
“Nah, it’s fine. We were playing baseball, and let’s say there was a pretty nasty penalty. Lucky for
me, Rika took the bullet,” he said cheerily.
“I… see. And I don’t believe we’ve met before?” He asked, bowing.
Keiichi’s father bowed in return. “Ichiro Maebara, but you can call me Ichi for short. You must be
the famous Kiryu, my son is always talking about.”
Kiryu chuckled. “Well, I try my best.”
“And this must be your assistant. A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Majima I believe?”
“Yes,” Majima confirmed, as the two bowed. “A pleasure to meet you as well, Ichi Sir.”
“Ooh, and polite, too. You see that, Keiichi? Learn from the best, and you’ll grow up to be just like
that.”
Keiichi looked away, slightly embarrassed. “Yes, Dad. I know.”
Kiryu analyzed Ichiro. What did Keiichi’s dad do for a living? I think he was an artist? He sure fits
the bill with the barrette and facial hair. “Were you doing some shopping yourself, Ichi?”
“No, Sir. I was taking my son out to this great place to eat. And, if it isn’t a bother, I wouldn’t mind
you two joining. I know it’s a little sudden, but what do you say?”
Kiryu glanced at Majima. He shrugged, signalling Kiryu to decide. “Sure, I don’t see why not.”
“Great! And don’t worry about the bill. I can cover for all of us.”
Kiryu held up his hand. “Please, allow me. As much money as I have, it would be embarrassing not
to pay for the whole table.”
Ichiro heartily laughed. “If you say so. Who am I to deny good food, especially when it’s free.”
“What place did you have in mind?” Kiryu asked.
Ichiro suddenly looked mischievous. “Oh, it’s this little hole in the wall called ‘Angel Mort’. There
are some great benefits beyond the food.”
Kiryu furrowed his brow. “Uh, I’d maybe say yes if it were just us adults and not to butt in or
anything, but is that really… appropriate for Keiichi?”
Ichiro tilted his head. “Would it not be? He’s getting to that age. I just want to make sure he can…
appreciate the finer sex.”
“Um, Dad? What exactly do they do at this place?”

“Yeah, I’m gonna need some context, too.” Majima said, cutting in. Kiryu leaned in to whisper to
Majima. His eye lit up, and then became judgmental. “Yes, Mr. Ichi. Please do tell your son what
the ‘benefits’ are of this place.”
Suddenly feeling an intensity to the situation, Ichiro quickly changed his mind and awkwardly
coughed. “W-well, there are plenty of other great places around here. I’m pretty sure they opened
up some new place a couple blocks down from here. I think it was called ‘Smile Burger’?”
Kiryu began salivating at this discovery. Well, I’ll be damned. That wasn’t here in the previous
loops. “Yeah, they got plenty of them back in Kamurocho. The food is cheap, but pretty good for
the price.”
Keiichi was still confused to what everyone was talking about, but burgers did sound good. “Sure,
let’s go. Ready, Dad?”
“Of course! Of course, let’s get going. Forget I ever mentioned that other place, hahaha,” he stated,
awkwardly laughing. Phew, that could have gone badly.
~~~~
Some time passed, and all four were having a hearty dinner. Kiryu was about to be finished
himself. Mmm, it’s not quite as good as Kamurocho’s, but not bad at all. I think they season the
meat a little differently, so it does have a unique taste to it.
All three adults were nearly done, but Keiichi was still only about halfway through his meal. There
was a slight twinge of regret on his face. The face one makes when they’ve ordered far too much
food in one go, but absolutely don’t want it to go to waste. Seeing his son might be a while, Ichiro
decided to make small talk.
“So, Kiryu! I heard you moved to Hinamizawa not too long after we did. What made you decide to
move here, of all places?”
A common question to Kiryu in his first loop, but it had been some time since someone last asked.
He mentally checked himself that his explanation would stay consistent with what he had been
telling people. “It’s the exact opposite of Kamurocho, in a very good way. What can I say? I got
tired of the city life. I’m not going to retire right now, but I figured it would be nice to get away
from it all and come back and visit when I can. Of course, I’d also like to contribute to the local
community when I can.”
“Ah, like a home away from home. I did get the sense you won’t be here super long, but we enjoy
your company here regardless. You teaching our kids is a wonderful contribution in of itself.”
“Thank you. Now correct me if I’m wrong, but you do art for a living?”
“Correct! Did the barrette give it away?” He asked, smiling.
“I believe I heard about it from someone I can’t recall the name of, but… yeah, a little.”
The two laughed. Majima just smiled and watched the conversation go on, occasionally peeking
out the window.

“So, I got to ask in return? Did you move here for business reasons or something else?” Of course,
I know already why. But I’m curious what he’s going to say.
Keiichi slightly fidgeted in his chair. He gave a quick glance to Majima, and then just as fast looked
away. Majima noticed it, but decided to make nothing of it.
“Not entirely for business, but I have to say it has helped. There’s hardly a place in Hinamizawa
that’s not prime painting material. Ironically, I should probably get outside more, but you know
how being a creative can be like,” he said, cheerily.
Once again, Majima noticed Keiichi doing quick glances at him. He thought it odd, but didn’t push
on it.
Ichiro put his arm around Keiichi, and forcibly embraced him. It looked like Keiichi had woken up
from a stupor, but that quickly shifted to annoyance. “It was also great for my son. Just look at all
the friends he has now! Lots of female friends, too. Maybe one of them can become something a bit
more than a friend in the future?” He inquired, winking.
Keiichi shoved off the arm around him, and lightly pushed away his dad. “Dad, stop it. There’s
nothing like that. Please don’t embarrass me in front of my teachers.”
Ichiro heartily laughed. “Sorry Keiichi, I couldn’t resist. You’ll get to have kids one day and tease
them, too. Speaking of, are you single, Kiryu? I can’t imagine you’re just leaving the wife behind
to run the company.”
Majima saw a chance. “Yeah, he’s single. You interested in him?” That caused the three, including
Keiichi, to laugh. Kiryu could only smile and shake his head.
“I don’t think the wife back home would be too fond of that, but thank you for the offer.”
“To give a serious answer,” Kiryu interjected. “Maybe at some point, but it’s not a high priority.
I’m more or less married to work right now.”
“Ah, aren’t we all? The missus has certainly chewed me out a few times about staying too long
cooped up in my study. In truth, I think this has been a wonderful chance for everyone in my
family. I’m happy to be here, and hopefully we can get some more great people like you down
here.”
Keiichi once again began to fidget. Majima had been trying to ignore Keiichi, but this time he
directly looked at him when he was sneaking a glance. Keiichi’s eyes went wide, and he rapidly
shifted his gaze to looking outside. Ok, seriously, what’s with this kid? He’s been sneaking weird
looks at me for the last five minutes. Do I have food in my teeth or something?
Suddenly, Ichiro sat up straight. “Um, gentlemen. Did the food… settle with you?”
Both nodded. “What did you order?” Kiryu asked.
“It was some Extra Spicy Burger thing? It wasn’t that bad, and I appreciated the extra kick. It’s just
um…” A disgusting gurgle came from his stomach, and his face went pale. “Excuse me Gents! I’ll
be right back!” Ichiro quickly stood up and made a mad dash for the bathroom.

The three were left in awkward silence. Majima spoke up. “Yeah, he definitely has some major shit
from that.”
This caused Keiichi to break out in laughter, and Kiryu scowled at Majima. “Majima, language.”
“What?! He’s like 14, he’s heard it before. Probably uses it when his dad isn’t around too,” he said,
with a knowing smirk.
Keiichi sheepishly looked away with a soft smile, confirming Majima’s theory. “Say K-Dog, I have
to ask-.”
“K-Dog?” Keiichi interrupted.
“Yeah, K-Dog. That’s my nickname for ya. He’s Kazzy,” he stated, pointing at Kiryu.
Kiryu was unamused. “Please don’t call me that, Keiichi.”
“And I didn’t have one for your father till now, so let’s call him Shitchi.”
Kiryu facepalmed. “Please don’t call your father that, either.”
Keiichi giggled, which helped lighten the mood. Unfortunately, that would not last long. “Anyway,
I was gonna ask why were ya staring at me so much? Do I have food in my teeth? Did I start
growing a horn?”
Keiichi stopped laughing. “O-oh that… sorry. I didn’t mean to.”
“I mean, it’s fine. I was just curious what you were staring at.”
“It was your… eye patch. B-but I don’t mean it in a bad way! It looks really cool, it’s just, um… I
don’t know how to explain it.”
Both Kiryu and Majima glanced at each other now realizing what Keiichi was probably referring
too. “I mean, do you need someone to talk too? Kiryu knows you better, but screw it. I might have
some advice he doesn’t.”
Kiryu gave a questioning look to Majima. Wait, should we really be asking about this?
Majima gave him a look as to say, “It’s fine, I got it.”
Keiichi looked down at the table in front of him. “Considering Dad may be a while, could I tell you
two a secret? It’s something I’ve not even told my friends yet. I’ve just been trying to find the right
way to word it to them.”
“Go for it,” Majima answered.
Keiichi took a deep breath. “I know this is maybe an ominous way to start this, but I wasn’t a good
kid before moving here. I was a good student, don’t get me wrong. But it just became kind of…
boring over time. It came so naturally, and I was growing tired of dealing with being bullied as
well. Now, I say this only for context. What I did was indefensible.”
Keiichi wanted to continue, but he found himself clamping up. “Go on,” Majima encouraged.
“Your dad won’t be in there forever.”

Realizing he did have limited time, Keiichi continued. “I still don’t know truly why I did this.
Maybe I was doing my own form of bullying, or I was just getting sick amusement out of it. I
bought a BB gun, and… I began shooting at young schoolkids on their way home. Younger than
Rika and Satoko even.”
“Oh…” I’ve heard some details from Kiryu, but this is the first time I’m really getting the full
picture.
He put his hand over his eyes and looked down in shame. “Again, I don’t know what the hell I was
thinking. But there I was. A local threat that even the papers talked about. I never got caught, and I
enjoyed… no, I loved the thrill of it. I was just a stupid kid, but I thought I was invincible. Sure
enough, eventually my actions caught up to me. I never meant for it to go this far, but it did. I…”
“… You what?”
Keiichi put both hands over his eyes, trying to hide from what he was about to confess. “I shot a
very young girl in the eye. There was blood. I didn’t know what to do, so I just panicked and run
away. Before I knew it, I was confessing to my parents and asking to turn myself in. My parents
blamed themselves for not seeing what I was dealing with, but there’s no excuse for my actions.
But… yeah. That’s probably the main reason they decided to move here. It’s given me a new
chance at life. One I don’t think I entirely deserve, but… I’m beyond grateful to have as good
friends and teachers as all of you. I just don’t know how to say it to my friends, and I feel like I’ll
never be fully accepted till I confess.”
Majima was in disbelief. Not at shock or anything, but rather that it was much less than he
expected. “Wait, hang on. That’s it? That’s your confession??”
Majima was genuinely confused, and Kiryu decided to finally interject. “Majima, it might be tame
to you, but clearly it was a big deal to Keiichi.”
“I… don’t mean to be insensitive, but like did you shoot her eye out or was it just a nasty wound?”
“N-no,” Keiichi confirmed. “In fact, I think she turned out just fine. It’s the one miracle to have
come out of all that.”
Majima crossed his arms. “Then I stand my point. Quite frankly dude, that’s basically nothing. Is
that why you were staring at my eye patch?”
“Y-yeah, sorry. The image of her crying with blood just kept coming back to me. Even if I didn’t
shoot out her eye, it could have gone so much worse. I never want to make a mistake that bad
again.”
“Ok, but it didn’t. You want to know how I lost this eye?” Majima flipped up his eye patch,
revealing a closed eye with a deep scar across it. “I got stabbed in the eye with a knife and
everything. Fucker put it in deep too.”
Kiryu was about to yell about language again, but he stopped himself, noticing Keiichi was
fascinated. “R-Really?! How did you get that?”
Majima felt slightly anxious, realizing he might have given away too much. He flipped his eye
patch down. “Oh, just a stupid fight as a teenager. In reality, both of us weren’t the best kids,
either.”

“Hey, leave me out of this,” Kiryu interjected. “That said, Majima is right, Keiichi. As far as ‘awful
things you could have done as a kid’, that’s pretty decently low on the list. Especially, because there
was no lasting damage.”
“M-maybe, but how would my friends react?”
“I’m your teacher, and I don’t mind. I’m reacting pretty normally to it right now.” Knowing about it
beforehand helps a little, too.
“Isn’t that your job, sort of? You lecture and educate us kids even when we really mess up?”
Kiryu paused. “ … You got me there. Let me rephrase. What am I to you beyond just being your
teacher?”
“ … A friend?”
“And who’s reacting to this info right now?”
The sparks finally clicked in Keiichi’s brain. “O-oh…”
“And just to prove a point, Keiichi,” Kiryu added. “Don’t tell this to anyone, but Mion at 12 years
old was put in jail multiple times because she threw bricks at cops.”
Keiichi was shocked. “No way! Mion??” After thinking about it for a few seconds, he settled down.
Finally, a smile crossed his face. “Actually, I could see it. I just didn’t expect to hear she had always
been that feisty.”
“See what I mean, K-Dog. You’re fine. Obviously, just don’t blurt it out to your friends, but if you
give some spiel to them like you did tonight, I’m sure you’re fine. I do not know you kids well at
all, but I can still tell there’s strong chemistry between you all. If you’ve been able to make friends
like that within the short time you’ve been here, absolutely hang on to them. I’m sure they’ll treat
you right,” Majima encouraged.
“Thank you, Kiryu and Majima. I feel a lot better now.”
“What are friends for?” Kiryu reaffirmed, smiling.
“Ok, that’ll be 10,000 yen,” Majima stated, holding out his hand.
“W-what?!”
“Hey, I ain’t no therapist for free. I charge high price for high quality services,” Majima said,
winking.
Keiichi calmed down, realizing Majima was joking. “Give a kid a break. I barely make 1/5 of that a
week with my allowance.”
Kiryu and Majima laughed. Ichiro had just begun to walk back from the bathroom. He looked like
he had just gotten out of a war zone. “I’m… ok now. That hit a little harder than expected. Uh, did I
miss anything?”
“Nope,” Majima answered. “Just having a fun talk.”

“Oh, that’s nice to hear. Keiichi, are you going to finish what’s left of your burger?”
Keiichi had forgotten to continue eating. He was considering it when he looked at his fatigued dad,
back at the food, and then his dad again. “Might… be for the best if I pass.”
“That is probably a good idea, Son. Don’t end up like I just did.”
“Guess we’re done here. Let’s get the bill,” Kiryu stated. The other three nodded.
~~~~
The four were outside now. The sun was about to set. Majima had signalled Keiichi over to him.
“Hey, you were saying you were playing baseball earlier?”
“Yeah, it got pretty hectic near the end.”
“You got a baseball bat still on you?”
“Yes, actually.”
“Mind if I take a swing with it.”
“Uh, sure. I don’t see why not.”
Keiichi unzipped his bag, and pulled out a metal bat. He handed it to Majima, who held it in his
hands. It wasn’t quite as big as he was used to, but it felt nice. Solid and reliable. He noticed it was
signed. Satoshi? Isn’t that Satoko’s brother or something that went missing? Must’ve been his bat.
Majima wound up and gave it a nice swing. It had plenty of force behind it, easily breaking the
surrounding air. Yep, still got it. He shifted his gaze to Keiichi, who was awestruck. I wonder if this
is what the kid used to murder Teppei. How fitting. The tool of his nephew coming back for
revenge.
“Woah! How do you swing like that?!”
“Practice kid. Lots and lots of practice. Some natural strength helps too. Want to learn how to use
this in self-defense?”
Meanwhile, Kiryu was having a brief talk with Ichiro. “Thanks for the meal, Kiryu. My fault for
picking the wrong meal. That was embarrassing. Haha.”
“Ah, don’t sweat it. It’s pocket change to me. Do you mind if I ask you a question before we go?”
“Feel free.”
“Have you seen or heard about a guy named Teppei Hojo around here? Late 30s, blonde, gaudy red
Hawaiian shirt, probably smokes and looks scummy. Ring any bells?”
Ichiro pondered for a bit. “Sorry Kiryu, I can’t say I have.”
Kiryu was obviously deflated, but he tried to hide it as best he could. “That’s fine. Thank you for
telling me.”

“Why are you looking for this guy? He doesn’t sound very pleasant.”
Kiryu quickly thought up of a lie. He exaggerated a sigh. “A client is a client. Personality be
damned.”
Ichiro cracked a smile. “Ah, don’t say anymore. I understand.”
“Can’t say I particularly like the guy, but he was willing to buy a lot. Haven’t heard from him in a
while, so I was just wondering if you knew where I could find the guy. Could maybe meet him in
person, but that’s looking less likely.”
Ichiro shook his head. “The lengths we go for customers.”
“Tell me about it. I once had this guy that-” Kiryu cut himself off as he finally noticed Majima.
He was swinging the bat around like nun chucks. “So if you do it like this, you can just absolutely
wallop a guy. Takes some practice, but it’s a hell of a weapon in the right han-”
“MAJIMA!!”
Both Majima and Keiichi flinched. Kiryu was wasting no time storming up to Majima. “What do
you think you’re doing?”
“What? We teach kids self-defense. A bat is a great weapon for that.”
“Yeah, and we’re not trying to make them more LETHAL in the process! We’re trying to have
MINIMAL VIOLENCE HERE!!”
Majima winced. “Alright! I get it. Quit with the yelling.”
Ichiro chuckled, as he walked towards the three. “I appreciate it Majima, but Kiryu is probably
right.”
“Aww, but it looked so cool!” Keiichi exclaimed.
“Yes, but knowing you Keiichi, you’ll break something in the house practicing and then both of us
we’ll be in the doghouse.”
Keiichi reconsidered how his mother would react, and decided his dad was right. “Fair point… “
“Welp, we’d best get going. You two gentlemen, have a great night, and thank you again for the
wonderful food.”
“Don’t mention it. Let’s do this again sometime,” Kiryu responded. The four bowed to each other,
and then went in on their merry way.
A few minutes passed before Majima spoke up. “I shouldn’t have to ask this, but you DID ask
about Teppei, I hope.”
“Absolutely. No way am I forgetting after the thrashing Rika gave us.”
“Tell me about it. I’m gonna get tinnitus if she yells at me like that again.”

“You’re down one eye already. I’m sure you could live with no ears,” he joked.
Majima smirked and jabbed Kiryu with his elbow. “Call me a fucking cripple, while you’re at it.”
Majima furrowed his brow as he recalled something Keiichi said. “I wonder how Rika is doing.
Didn’t she get the penalty for losing.”
“Oh, she did. I forgot about that.”
“Think she’s doing ok? Hopefully not burned alive at the stake.”
“She’s fine. Can’t be anything she hasn’t dealt with before.”
~~~~
The sun had set, and Hanyuu had finally returned to Satoko and Rika’s house. She was ready to
report. “Ok, Rika! I’ve searched around countless times and haven’t seen any Mountain Dog-”
Her voice trailed off. Rika was sitting up in her bunk, pouting. Her arms were crossed. It would
look somewhat cute, if it weren’t for the sheer amount of permanent marker on her face. There had
to have been a dozen different colors in all. Her face resembled a preschool art project more than
anything human.
Hanyuu was desperately trying not to smile. “Don’t you dare laugh,” Rika threatened.
That only made Hanyuu want to giggle more. “Penalty?”
Rika sighed and put a hand on her forehead. “… Yeah.”
“Didn’t know you were into self-portraits, Rika.”
“I WILL end you!”
And thus ended the night. Little did anyone know what would soon come.

Chapter End Notes

I uploaded another chapter the second to last day before April ends. This counts lol.

Chapter 39: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 7: Dealing With
Desperate Measures
Friday morning had come. Once again, Kiryu woke up not to the higurashi but sounds in the
kitchen. It was about 6:15 a.m. He rubbed the sleep out from his eyes and stretched. Better shower
and get dressed quickly before Majima gets on my ass for being late. And so he did.
In his usual attire, Kiryu walked downstairs to see some fresh rice balls on a plate waiting for him.
Majima was already seated, resting his elbow on the table and face in hand, looking bored. “About
time ya showed up.”
Kiryu rolled his eyes. “I can tell they’re fresh. You’ve been there maybe a minute or two tops.”
Majima grinned. “Can’t be wasting time, Kazzy. We got a busy day today.”
Kiryu pulled out a chair and sat down. “You’re right. Let’s see how the food tastes today.”
“It’ll be just as good as yesterday. I’d bet my other eye on it.”
“Careful with what you say. You’d look pretty dumb with two eye patches on.” Kiryu joked around,
but sure enough, the rice balls tasted excellent. His eyes lit up.
Majima smiled, clearly pleased with himself. “Told ya,” he said before taking a bite of his own.
“You should hire me as your own personal chef.”
“Sure, what about 300 yen an hour?”
“In THIS economy? Fucking rich people. Completely disconnected from reality as per usual.” The
two smiled as they joked around.
Suddenly, they heard a knock on the door and froze. Both of the men shifted their gaze from the
door to each other. They silently and slowly got up. Majima pulled out his knife, and Kiryu was
completely focused on his front door. Both were prepared to fight, if need be.
Creeping over to it, not daring to make a noise, they both slunk to either side of the door. Kiryu was
about to signal Majima to check the window, when they heard a familiar voice. “Kiryu, are you
there? I’m so sorry, I know it’s early in the morning, but I have something… important to talk
about.”
The tension vanished as they realized it was Rena, of all people. “The hell is she doing here?”
Majima whispered.
Kiryu shrugged, just in the dark as he was. Majima quickly sheathed his knife, and signalled to
Kiryu to open the door. Just to stay cautious, Kiryu glanced out the peephole. Sure enough, Rena
was there. He couldn’t see anyone else but her within the limited view he had. He frowned,
realizing he was being far too cautious over one of his own students.
“It’s obviously just Rena. I’ll open the door,” Kiryu stated quietly.

A click was heard, and the door was unlocked. Behind the door, Rena stood in her school uniform.
She seemed happy to see Kiryu, but she looked a little disheveled. There were dark circles under
her eyes, and Kiryu could have sworn she looked anxious through the peephole. “Are you ok,
Rena? I can’t imagine you came over this early just to say something like you won’t be at school
next week.”
“I’m ok! It’s just… how do I phrase this? How?” Rena pondered.
“Why don’t you come inside, Rena?”
“Oh, I couldn’t! I don’t mean to waste your time! I just, um, wanted to talk about something.”
“Yeesh, all the more reason, kid.” Majima said behind Kiryu. “Someone your age doesn’t come to
an adult at this hour unless you got serious business. Don’t know if we can help, but you might as
well come in.”
Rena hesitated a little, but decided to accept Majima’s offer after seeing Kiryu nod. “O-ok, thank
you.”
She closed the door behind her and walked inside. She stared in awe. “Wow! I didn’t know your
house was so nice, Kiryu!” Her gaze shifted to a few left over rice balls. Her stomach gurgled to
her horror, and she blushed.
Majima muffled a chuckle. “Help yourself.”
“A-are you sure? I hope I didn’t interrupt anything.”
“Rena, you’re fine. Eat you some breakfast. It’s obvious you just rushed over here.”
“... Thank you.” Rena sat down and ate two of them quickly. Both men smiled at the cute sight.
“Delicious! Did you make these, Majima?”
“Yep, but let’s not dilly-dally here. What’s eating ya?”
Rena didn’t answer, not expecting such a direct question. “Majima! You can’t just be so blunt. Let
her at least finish her breakfast first,” Kiryu lectured.
“No, it’s fine. This may take some time, so I’d best get to it.” Both Kiryu and Majima took a seat as
Rena sighed. She held her hands together, almost like she was praying, as she contemplated the best
way to explain. “I think my father is in trouble.”
“Your dad? How so?” Majima inquired.
“I’ll… have to give some context here, so bear with me. My father divorced from my mom some
time back. I don’t want to go into details, but you’ve probably been here long enough you’ve heard
something to that extent.”
Kiryu slowly nodded. I know way more than you’d be comfortable with. I feel kind of guilty
pretending I don’t, but I’d better hear her out.
“My dad recently started dating this young woman named Rina. My dad has been really happy
around her as of late. It’s been hard to get used to her, and I certainly wouldn’t call her my mother.
At the same time though, I want to get along with her for the sake of my dad.”

“Ah, family trouble?” Majima interjected.
Rena fidgeted uncomfortably. “I think it might be more than that. A lot more. I was at a café
yesterday trying to kill some time. It was just pure coincidence, but Rina and some older blonde
guy… I think her partner were sitting down near me. They didn’t know I was there and-”
“Wait,” Kiryu interrupted. “Did you get a look at the guy that was with Rina? Did he have like a
tacky red Hawaiian shirt on and a really gruff or gangster sounding voice?”
“... Yes, how did you know?”
Kiryu kept quiet as he looked down at the ground. His expression was deadly serious. “Finish your
rice balls, Rena. Majima and I need to have a private talk. We’ll be back shortly.”
“... What?” Rena tilted her head in confusion.
“Sorry, please give us like five minutes.” Kiryu signalled for Majima to follow him upstairs. Rena
was left alone at the kitchen table, completely perplexed at what was going on.
Back in his bedroom, Kiryu closed the door just to be safe. “That’s our guy,” Kiryu whispered.
“You’re positive? I know this sounds similar to what that girl went through in other loops, but we
have to be 100% sure on this.”
“It has to be him,” Kiryu reassured. “This has happened a handful of times, according to Rika.”
“Ok, but things HAVE changed and been inconsistent depending on the loop. Hell, you told me two
different yakuza died last loop, right?”
“Yeah, I know. And we can hear the rest of her story to confirm it’s what we think it is. … And
even if it’s not Teppei somehow, I doubt whoever it is and Rina will be alive much longer, knowing
how previous loops go. The fact Rena even came to me about it is possibly a first.”
“If this is Teppei, I have some guys on standby. We have a little ‘secret base’ not too far from
Okinomiya. The Tojo will take care of him. He’s out of Rena’s life. We all win.”
Kiryu paused. “Hang on, we don’t need the Tojo. We can just beat the shit out of him, and he’ll
skip town. He sounds like a natural coward when he can’t bully someone that’s weaker than him.
We can take advantage of that.”
Majima had a blank expression. “You’re joking, right?”
“No, I’m not. Don’t get me wrong, I want to do far worse to the guy, but we need to leave him
mostly intact for him to feel scared enough.”
“Oh no, you were serious,” Majima said, facepalming. He grabbed Kiryu by his collar. “Kiryu, you
dumb fuck!” He hissed in a quiet tone. “You think the Tojo are just gonna let the guy go?! He’s
maybe not top priority like the Sonozakis, but he’s still someone the Tojo want alive so they can
MAKE HIM DEAD!”
Kiryu frowned, and pushed Majima away, making him let go. “Of course, I know that!” He quietly
yelled back. “But I’m doing this MY way!”

“And what IS your way? What 300 IQ plan did you have in mind?”
Kiryu didn’t immediately answer. “I… Like I said, I was going to beat him up. Tell him to skip
town. I’ll tell the Tojo I found him dead, and I’ll use my own money to repay them. I’ll say he had
nothing but pocket change on him.”
Majima didn’t reply. He just got real close to Kiryu’s face with a stern expression. “You were in the
Tojo long enough to know you can’t lie to them like that. Don’t be a dumbass in my presence and
expect me to take you seriously.”
Majima backed away as Kiryu stood there, avoiding eye contact. “But screw it! Let’s humor your
idea for a moment. Teppei gets cocky again and the Tojo probably find him, or one of the many
allies they have around the country see him. Point being, they know you lied, and you’re now
beyond fucked.”
He turned to face Kiryu. “Where did you even get this idea, anyway?”
Kiryu still didn’t make eye contact. He just sighed. “I know it’s dumb and hypocritical considering
everything I’ve done, but I guess I just didn’t want any more blood on my hands. I know I’ve killed
people in self-defense before. I know people are dead because of me, but I don’t want to directly
take part in what is essentially a murder with extra steps. Even if the bastard deserves it.”
Majima’s face softened. He looked down at the ground and shook his head. “Got damn, you really
are a civvy now.”
There was a brief period of silence between the two as they thought over the best course of action.
Eventually, Majima spoke up. “Fine, how about this? I’ll do it myself. I’ve already gone down that
path, so you don’t need to worry about it.”
Kiryu looked a little shocked to see Majima so easily admit to it. His reaction only amused Majima.
“What? Did you think I got the ‘Mad Dog’ moniker for nothing? I perhaps never murdered anyone
for Makoto’s sake, but I’m still a yakuza.”
“I… I figured you had, I just didn’t think you could so easily say it. It just sounds… sad.”
Majima scoffed. “I don’t need your pity. Even before all of this, I was ready to join my brother and
kill. I chose this life, and I’ll do whatever it takes to see my sworn brother again.”
Kiryu felt humbled. “You’re a braver and stronger man than I am.”
“Ah, quit with the flattery. Nothing brave or honorable about it. It’s just dirty work. Something
you’ve had the privilege to leave, and don’t need to come back to.”
“... I just don’t know, Majima. Are you certain about this? I still feel like it’s a bad idea.
Historically, nothing good has come from Teppei being killed in this loop. Something ALWAYS
goes wrong.”
Majima went over his options in his head. “Ok, fair enough. I’ll make sure he doesn’t get killed.”
“You can do that? Weren’t you just making a big point of how badly they want him dead?”
“I know what I said, and yes I can. I’ll have to pull some strings and maybe cash in a favor or two,
but it’s the least I can do for my best buddy, Kazzy,” he said with a confident smile.

Kiryu still had his doubts, but this seemed like their best option. “Alright, we’ll go with your idea.
We should probably get down there and finish hearing out Rena.”
Majima glanced at the clock. “Oh shit, you’re right. Been nearly ten minutes. Let’s hustle down.”
The two men came down the stairs. Rena had gotten up from her chair and seemed to be looking
around the house. She squeaked when she saw the two appear. “S-sorry! I didn’t mean to be nosy.
It’s just you were taking a while and um…. hauuu.”
Kiryu waved his hand. “Nah, it’s fine. We were up there longer than we meant to be.” All three sat
down. “Now then, please continue your story, Rena. And I’ll explain why we went up there to
talk.”
Rena looked back and forth between the two, and nodded. “Ok, where did I leave off… oh, right!”
And so Rena recounted the story both men knew about. How her father was being scammed by
Rina. How Teppei was her partner. That she happened to meet Kasai and Shion that talked about
how the criminal couple like to swindle well off men and have Teppei act as the mad boyfriend.
That her father had already spent plenty of the divorce money, and she didn’t know what to do to
save her dad so she decided to talk to Kiryu.
Rena took a deep breath after finally having finished her long story. “That’s everything. I just don’t
know what I’m supposed to do. Can you help me? Can you?”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “We may have a way of handling Teppei.”
Rena’s eyes gleamed with hope. “Y-you can?! Really?!”
Kiryu held up both his hands. “Woah! I… I do, it’s just…”
“What? What’s wrong, Kiryu?”
“Kiryu, you might as well tell her the truth. We’re not getting this done otherwise.” Majima butted
in.
Kiryu made eye contact with Rena. Her eyes were pure. He wanted them to remain pure, but he
also knew inside she was no saint herself. None of the three were, and she could handle the truth.
“Alright, now it’s my turn to explain, Rena. This might sound completely unbelievable, but I swear
it’s true.”
And thus, Kiryu did a quick explanation of his own. How he’s an ex-yakuza that came here to try to
find answers to avoid war. That Teppei was the man they were looking for, and that the deaths of
the two yakuza might be related to him. Who Majima is and that he’s high up in the Tojo. That
Majima has the resources to take Teppei out of the picture without killing him.
By the end, Rena was completely speechless. “Sorry Rena, I know it’s a lot to take in. ‘Handling
Teppei’ means using dirty, underhanded means. It’s an ugly, ugly sight, but we need your help if we
want to track down Teppei. If you can find out where he’ll be at a certain time, Majima will take
care of everything else. I know I’m being completely unfair to you, but this seems like the best way
to reach our mutual goals.”
Rena leaned back in her chair, her arms flopping to the sides of it. “I just… had no idea you were
involved in all this. I thought I had a good read on people, but you came off as so natural I never

would’ve guessed.”
The words slightly stung Kiryu. “I apologize. I never meant to keep this stuff from you.”
Rena sat up sharply. “No! That’s not what I mean! I get that you were, um, undercover? I think
that’s the term? You’re like a spy or something. And you were doing all of this to protect this town,
so how could I be mad at you?”
Kiryu breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Rena. I appreciate the kind words.”
“And, um, it would be wrong of me to not be your friend just because you were an ex-yakuza. I
mean, I’m close friends with Mii, and she’s in the yakuza and, um… yeah.”
Majima snorted. “She’s got you there.”
“I just feel really guilty because if I’m being honest… I was having some very dark thoughts. And
then you and Mr. Majima come in, offering to do what I only considered just in the worst case
scenario. I shouldn’t put that on you! This is my problem, so I’ll-”
“Stop,” Majima stated, holding up his hand close to Rena’s face. “I just had this conversation with
Kiryu. I don’t need your sympathy, even if it is appreciated. And again, I’ll make sure the guy
doesn’t die. No matter what. So don’t worry about it. Just do your part, and we’ll do ours.”
Rena still felt wary to accept their help. In some ways, it almost felt like a deal with the devil. But
she knew Kiryu was a good person, and despite Majima’s claims, he could be a good person when
he wanted to be. This might be a miracle in disguise. “Ok, I’ll help out.”
It felt like a weight was lifted off of everyone’s shoulders. There were still some anxieties. It was
hardly full proof, but it was the best option they had. Desperate times called for desperate
measures.
If only they could have known what hell they had just unleashed on the entirety of Hinamizawa.

Chapter 40: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 8: Karma
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

As the sun set over the horizon, Okinomiya was getting ready for another Friday night. The streets
were bustling as people were heading home, or perhaps going out to drink. A blond man in his late
30s with a tacky red Hawaiian shirt was wandering the streets. Anyone passing him gave him
plenty of space. He was naturally intimidating, and he loved it. He loved the power he had over
others, the skills he had acquired. The ability to get what he wanted, even if it meant screwing other
people over.
He was proud of that, and how could he not be? Divine luck must have been on his side. He had the
Tojo Clan itself trying to kill him, and yet he had gotten away with it. He had escaped the biggest
Yakuza group in all of Japan, and it was his greatest achievement. Who wouldn’t be giddy being
able to pull something like that off? Making the impossible possible.
Of course, he hadn’t actually done anything. Teppei had no clue why the two yakuza sent after him
were killed, but he sure wasn’t complaining. Maybe it was the Sonozaki Family, or they just had
some rotten luck. But either way, it wasn’t him. He had survived and was now about to score big
once again. He wore a rotten smile, pleased with his incredible luck. Poor bastard, he'll never know
what hit him.
He was enjoying his stroll downtown, when suddenly someone ran into him. “What the…?!” The
man kept walking past him, not even saying anything. Teppei was waiting for an apology or a look
of fear, but the stranger had just continued walking past him. Enraged, he turned around. “Hey,
asshole! Where do you think you’re going?!”
The stranger finally stopped in his tracks. He looked partially behind him. The man wasn’t so much
looking at Teppei as far behind him. He saw a glimmer of light, closed his eye slightly nodding,
and began to run. Teppei already had a short fuse, but the one thing he couldn’t stand was someone
messing with him like this. “You fucking punk! Get back here!!”
As Teppei ran after the man, in the distance a pair were watching. It was Rena and Kiryu, with
Kiryu now turning off the flashlight in his hand. A sigh of relief left the two. “Majima will be ok,
right?” Rena asked, a look of concern and unease across her face.
Kiryu nodded encouragingly. “Trust me. If anyone can handle something like this, it’s Majima.” He
looked back as the two escape his vision. We’ve had our differences, but Majima is one of the few
people I can trust for this. We’ve already run the plan by Hanyuu and Rika. There’s no going back,
and both of us know this. There must be a ridiculous amount of pressure on Majima, but he can
handle it. I know he can.
Teppei continued to chase Majima down the street, as he ducked into an alley way. Behind and
through the backs of buildings, they ran. Teppei only grew angrier as he continued to yell and chase
after the man. Majima turned a corner, and Teppei picked up the speed to try and catch him. This
was leading to a dead end, and Teppei knew it. “I got you now, you bastard!!”
Sure enough, there was Majima facing the wall, looking away from Teppei, who was wearing a
nasty grin. “What? Too pussy to even look at me?” He cracked his knuckles and neck, as he got

ready to wreck the unfortunate soul that had decided to piss him off. “Don’t worry, I won’t kill you.
I’ll just break most of your bones.”
Majima did not turn around. Teppei slightly raised an eyebrow, but was convinced he must have
been frozen in terror. “Oh, you’re that scared, huh? You’re only now realizing how badly you
screwed up. Maybe you’re not from around here. That’s fine, I can be a generous man.” Teppei
held out his hand. “Give me all your money and valuables, and beg at my feet for me to forgive
you. And maybe I’ll consider letting you go.”
“My apologies, I can’t hear you very well. Could you come a little closer?”
Teppei’s smile soured. “Sure, pal. Just so you fully understand the dynamic we have here.”
He was about to get up close and personal, yelling into Majima’s face. He was maybe a few feet
behind Majima, before Majima whipped around, grabbed the collar of Teppei’s shirt, and slammed
him face-first into the wall. Teppei was completely taken off guard, and he had no time to process
what was going on, as his face was slammed again. Majima grasped the back of Teppei’s head and
hair, as he dragged Teppei’s face against the wall like a cheese grater. Majima finished throwing
him into some nearby trashcans as they toppled over, dunking all sorts of garbage onto Teppei.
Teppei could barely catch his breath, as he tried to sit up against the wall. His face was covered in
cuts and bruises, and his forehead was bleeding. He knew he was in trouble, but it was only now
clicking in his brain what he was probably dealing with. He looked up at his attacker. The eye
patch, the suit, the dull, merciless eye staring back at him. Even Teppei was smart enough to
recognize this man was a yakuza, and probably one from the Tojo Clan.
His fight or flight instinct activated. Despite his bravado, Teppei was very much a coward. A man
who always picked on people weaker than him. He had taken flight many times, but there was no
escape here. As pathetic a man he was, he would still choose to fight, in a situation like this. He
scrambled to his feet, and got into an amateurish fighting stance. Fitting for the street brawler, he
was.
Majima only scoffed at him. Teppei wasn’t a threat to him, only a nuisance. Teppei gritted his teeth
as his eyes were frantic. “D-don’t fuck with me!” He threw a sloppy punch, which Majima easily
sidestepped. He wrapped his arms around Teppei’s throat in a standing rear naked choke. Teppei
tried to break out, but stood as still as a statue as Majima hissed into his ear. “Try to yell for help or
get out of this, and I’ll break your neck.”
In a manner of minutes, Teppei found himself in the worst possible situation. He kept his mouth
shut as Majima continued to talk. “You’ve caused us a lot of problems. I can’t tell if you’re just a
dumbass, or if you really thought you were safe out here. I’m going to go with both, considering
you’re now one step away from dying.”
A faint whimper escaped Teppei’s lips. “P-please don’t kill me.”
“Oh, you misunderstand. We very much need you alive.” Majima lowered his voice into a more
sinister tone. “Though, you might wish you were dead by the time you’ve repaid your debt.”
Any remaining hope in Teppei’s eyes died out, as two other yakuza finally appeared. Majima
roughly threw him to the concrete ground. “You know where to take him. I’ll meet you two there.”
“Yes, Boss!” The two answered in unison.

Teppei was crumpled on the ground, in shock. It was only now starting to don on him. He had been
baited into this. He probably could have gotten away, if he wasn’t so easily aggravated. It was his
own reckless nature that had gotten him into this, and he cursed himself as he continued to grind his
teeth. Dammit! Dammit! Any feelings or thoughts vanished, as his nose was assaulted by a
chloroform-soaked rag.
Far away from the scene, Rena and Kiryu would soon arrive home by taxi. There was an
uncomfortable air between the two. Kiryu was fairly certain this was for the best, but he could still
see Rena with doubts. “Are you ok, Rena?”
Rena was startled by hearing her name, but quickly relaxed and put on her typical chipper smile.
“Hauu, don’t scare me like that, KIryu. I’m fine. Everything is fine.”
“… Is it really, Rena?”
Her smile shrank, as Kiryu pushed the topic. “Well, I guess I do have some worries.” She glanced
at the driver in front of them, and then leaned in to whisper. Kiryu took the hint, and did the same.
“They’re not going to do anything too badly to him, right? It’s maybe cruel for me to say, but I am
fine with them doing some stuff to him, considering how he treated Satoshi and Satoko.” She
looked at Kiryu with anxious eyes. “But I feel like we may have gone too far.”
Kiryu opened his mouth, and promptly closed it. The right thing to say here wasn’t easy to figure
out. “Realistically, we should not have involved you in this, Rena. I was so desperate to get this
guy, I was willing to even use you. It’s best if you just forget this night ever happened, Rena.
Ignorance is bliss, and you don’t need to know, much less see the world I left.”
Rena pouted. “Kiryu, I know I’m young, but I’m not an absolute child. You don’t have to treat me
like one, I’m not so naive I can’t imagine what you’ve done or dealt with. And besides, I… “ She
cut herself off, as her face lowered, not wanting to see Kiryu’s face. “I have my own filth I’ve tried
to cleanse.”
Kiryu didn’t reply. He was well aware of Rena’s past, but this fragment’s Rena wasn’t aware of
that. He took a moment to come up with some encouraging words. “I think most people in
Hinamizawa are dealing with something like that, Rena.”
Rena looked up, a solemn expression still covering her face. “Really?”
“I don’t know what you’ve dealt with, but I’ve done some research on the history of this town. It’s
not all sunshines and rainbows, I can get that.”
Rena briefly panicked. “You’re not thinking of leaving, right?”
Kiryu gave a reassuring smile. “Of course, not. I know the residents of HInamizawa are good
people. And you’re a good kid too, Rena. I may not know what you’ve dealt with, but I trust you.
… Oh! And I know about Oyashiro’s curse, and how to avoid it. Hopefully, nothing happens this
year, and we’ll all have a great time together.”
Rena was surprised Kiryu knew as much as he did, but it also eased many of her worries. She had
wondered, once or twice, if she should bring up the curse. But Kiryu had gotten used to
Hinamizawa’s culture and ways as easy as could be. Oh, thank God. He’ll be ok. She wore an
adorable smile, forgetting all about her worries. “You’d better help me win a kyute prize, Kiryu.
I’m counting on you.”

Kiryu grinned. “Is that a challenge, I hear? You’re on.”
As the two travelled home, they truly had no idea what was in store for Teppei.
~~~~
Jumbled words and noises filled Teppei’s ears as he came to. It was a slow, groggy awakening, and
not a pleasant one, with pain in multiple areas returning to his senses. As his memories returned to
him, he immediately panicked. His arms and legs were tied and attached to a chair. He was gagged,
and was in some unused warehouse. There were five men in front of him, including Majima, and a
few behind him based on the conversations he could hear.
“Oh, look who finally decided to wake up.” One of the grunts pointed out.
The chatter ceased as they all now paid attention to the man desperately trying to get out of his
restraints. He stopped immediately upon Majima approaching him. “I wouldn’t recommend moving
around. These chairs are flimsy, and we’re likely not going to pick you up, if you fall over.” He
turned his attention to the men behind Teppei. Let him speak.”
Two men rushed over and roughly took off the gag covering Teppei’s mouth. “W-what do you want
from me?” Majima stared down at him mockingly, as if daring him to ask another stupid question.
Teppei’s mind raced on what was safest to say. “I mean, … I know why I’m here.”
“So you do have the money you owe us somewhere?” Majima bluntly asked.
Teppei’s anxiety and despair grew by the second. “W-w-well, about that! It was, uh, 3 million yen,
right?! Yeah, I can get that for you.”
Majima squatted down, as he got very close to Teppei’s face. “Cut the crap. We already emptied
your pockets.”
“Yeah, nice watch, dipshit.” One of the grunts mocked, flashing it to Teppei, now on the grunt’s
wrist.
The only thing keeping Teppei from exploding in anger, was the sheer terror he felt overriding any
other emotions. “I… I-I-I have it stored somewhere else!”
“What did I just say?” Majima threatened.
Teppei was sweating profusely now. “O-OK! Fine! I don’t have it, but I can get it soon! I’m
milking this guy for all he’s worth! Just give me some time and-”
Majima swiftly kicked the chair out from underneath Teppei’s rear, as he and it came crashing to
the floor. Majima’s shoe was firmly planted in Teppei’s cheek, applying a soft, but still painful
pressure. “Shut up with your incessant begging! We have you here for more than just the money.”
Teppei was struggling to breathe, much less talk. But he spoke up as best he could. “I-I’ll tell you,
anything!”
Majima stared at him skeptically, and then gestured to two men. “Plant his ass back in the chair.”
The two men dragged him and the chair up, and firmly put him down. He was once again seated,
but with another mark on his face added. “I promise. I’ll tell you anything I know.”

“Oh, I’m sure you will.” Majima swung out his arm with an open hand behind him. One of the
grunts swiftly handed him a baseball bat. Teppei’s heart beat rapidly increased, as Majima grasped
it and pointed the rear end at Teppei. “If you know what’s good for you.”
“P-please don’t hurt me!! I’ll talk! I’ll talk! Just please don’t-”
The rear end was suddenly shoved in his mouth, stopping his pleading. Majima stared down at him
with a ruthless eye. “Shut the fuck up, and only speak when I tell you to. And maybe you’ll jaw
will still be in one piece once we’re done. Understand?”
Teppei hastily nodded, the rear end still forced in his mouth. Majima took it out, thankfully taking
no teeth with it. “Good, let’s get started.”
One of the men quickly grabbed a spare chair, and opened it for Majima to sit in. Majima sat down
and leaned forward, his hands and chin resting on the blunt end of the bat. “Two yakuza from the
Tojo clan came here to Okinomiya recently to find you. They were found dead soon after. So, my
question is a simple one.” Majima forcibly raised Teppei’s chin with the rear end of the bat, not
letting him escape eye contact. “What happened to them?”
Teppei’s mind went blank. He only stared back at Majima, frozen in terror. “Hey moron, that means
it’s your turn to talk,” one of the grunts chimed in. His mouth felt dry, and his face felt hot. His lips
rapidly opened and closed, but no actual sound came out as he fumbled for something, anything. I
don’t know. I don’t know, and there’s no way I can lie to him. I don’t, and they’re going to kill me for
not knowing! Dammit, think of something!
Majima scrutinized the melting man before him. Teppei only saw disappointment on Majima’s
face, but not quite for the reasons he thought. Shit. This moron really has no clue what happened to
them. And here I was hoping we could at least find something, even if the chance was low.
“Real bad time to be clamming up, buddy! You’re gonna die either way, so you might as well make
this as easy and painless as possible!”
The tension in the room suddenly seemed to skyrocket. Majima slowly faced the low ranking
yakuza, and stood up. The other grunts stared at him apprehensively. The one that spoke up quickly
realized he had messed up somehow, and stared respectfully at Majima as he slowly approached
him. “Who said we were killing him?”
Despite the man being an inch or two taller than Majima, he looked quite small now in comparison.
“W-well, I just assumed we were, Boss. If-”
“Oh, you assumed!” Majima cut off the grunt. “You know what they say about assuming? It makes
an ass out of you and I. And I don’t believe you want me to look like an ass, do you?”
“N-no, Boss!” The man immediately answered.
Majima closed his eye, and gave a reassuring, if still threatening smile. “Good. I just wanted to
make sure everyone was on the right track.”
The man smiled back, and then took a deep breath, as Majima turned around, pacing away. Holy
shit, he is scary.

“Now then, where we?” Majima asked, returning to his seat and picking up the bat. “Oh, that’s
right!” Majima stated with fake surprise. “You don’t know anything, do you?”
Teppei’s fear and silence answered for him. Majima sighed. “That’s fine. It was, admittedly, a long
shot. And besides, I have other questions for you.”
“Sir, we have a guest!”
The tension in the room evaporated, as everyone including Majima faced the man near the door.
Majima furrowed his brow. “The hell you mean we have a guest?”
“… It’s the Patriarch, Sir.”
The room was immediately on high alert, especially Majima. “What?!” He jolted up, dropping the
bat. What the hell is Shimano doing here?! Remembering he was the one in charge, Majima quickly
yelled orders. “Well, what are you waiting for?! Let him in!”
The grunt nodded, and immediately opened the door. The man that walked in certainly had the look
of a yakuza boss. Tall, bald, and with a mean mug. He was wearing a pale, purple suit over a green
dress suit with a green tie. These were accompanied by a pair of black shoes and pale, purple pants.
Every man in the room gathered in the room and bowed in front. “Welcome, Patriarch!” They
announced in unison.
Majima was at the forefront, bowing deeply, but inside he was freaking out. Shit, why is he here?!
He slowly raised his head. Shimano was smiling at him, though even when smiling, his thick
eyebrows made Shimano look somewhat mad. “Majima, it’s good to see you! It’s been a bit, hasn’t
it?”
Majima forced a smile. “Yes, Boss. It has been. I certainly didn’t expect you to come visit me all
the way out here.”
Shimano guffawed loudly. “Well, you haven’t pissed your pants, so it couldn’t have been too bad of
a scare.”
“If I may ask, Boss, why are you here?”
Shimano smirked. “Do I need a reason to be here?”
“No, I was just wondering why.”
“I can’t blame you. I would wonder if I were in your position. Thankfully, I do have a good reason
to be here. I recently heard you had left to come help with Kazama’s boy. I’ve always thought you
were unusually fond of him, but he does make for a nice playmate, based on what you’ve told me. I
was feeling unusually generous, and I had the thought of ‘Why don’t I come down and personally
help out Majima, after all he’s done for me’. And now, here I am.”
The atmosphere was uneasy, as no one in the room was really able to make heads or tails of what
was going on. Teppei decided to keep his mouth shut, not daring to make the situation any worse
than it already was for him. Majima himself, was struggling to stay composed. “That’s… very nice
of you, Sir. I’m incredibly grateful for your concern, but I must admit nothing particularly ‘big’ has
happened. We were right in the middle of interrogating this idiot, when you got here,” Majima
gestured, looking over his shoulder at Teppei.

Shimano shifted his gaze to Teppei, who felt his skin crawl just looking at Shimano. “Ah, this is the
man!” Shimano walked over to in front of Teppei. He analyzed him like a predator looks at prey.
“Let me take a guess. He knows nothing about the two yakuza murdered.”
“Yep, dead end on that.”
“I can’t for the life of me understand how some little shit like you thought you could get away with
this. You were living a decent life, and you just had to throw it away.” He turned and faced Majima.
“Need help finding a site to bury the poor guy?”
Majima took a quick, sharp breath as he cleared his throat. “About that, Boss. I have a favor I’d like
to cash in.”
“Hmm? What do you mean?”
Majima paused. Am I really about to do this? … No, I’m a man of my word. I’ll do this for Kiryu,
no matter what. Majima got on the floor, and bowed with his face touching the ground. “I need that
man alive, Boss. You can do whatever you want with him, but I at least need him to be alive.”
Majima dared not look up, so he couldn’t see what Shimano’s expression was. However, Shimano
was just confused. A rare instance of him not expecting something. “Now, why the hell would you
want this guy to stay alive?”
“I’m doing this purely as a favor to Kiryu Kazuma. He didn’t explain his reasoning, and I can not
understand why he’d want this man to stay alive. But he begged me to do it, and I promised him I’d
make it happen somehow. Throw the crook into the Hole, do with me what you wish. But I’m
willing to do whatever it takes to help Kiryu here. Even if that means keeping the trash over there
alive.”
“… Stand up, Majima.”
Majima followed the order, and found himself face to face with Shimano. He took a shaky breath,
as Shimano looked him up and down, trying to decipher the logic. “There’s another reason.
Something you’re leaving out. So go ahead. Fill me in on what I’m missing.”
Majima’s mind rapidly went through various explanations he could give. But almost all had some
unbelievable element to them. An element that would have Shimano laughing in his face and his
request ignored. … But perhaps that is the only thing he could rely on. What if that was the sole
element he focused on?
Majima gulped, as he collected his thoughts. “Boss, I don’t expect you to believe me when I say
this, but I promise it’s the truth. There is something wrong with this town. I’ve seen some freaky
shit here. Something supernatural that is responsible for the many deaths that have happened here. I
don’t fully understand it myself, but my experiences and what Kiryu has told me has led me to
believe killing that man will cause something horrific to happen. The equivalent of releasing a
curse. I know it sounds insane and delusional, but I beg of you, please trust me on this.”
A deafening silence followed. No one in the room knew how to react, Shimano and Teppei the least
of all. Shimano had been struck silent, but he put his hand to his chin, pondering Majima’s
reasoning. A smile eventually crawled across his face. “Sure, we can keep him alive.”
Majima was dumbfounded. “Wha… really?! You actually believe me?!”

Shimano laughed boisterously. “Not in the slightest. But I know under that act of yours, you’re a
rational man, Majima. And so is Kazama’s boy. You wouldn’t ask this of me, unless you had a
damn good reason. I still can’t quite understand your logic. Perhaps Kiryu has kept some vital
information from you in regard to Teppei over here, or there’s something you’re still not telling me.
But hey, every man is allowed a few secrets. Just remember where you stand with me in the
future.”
Majima let out a sigh of relief. “Yes, Boss.” Oh, thank fuck that went ok.
He finally faced Teppei. “However, this session isn’t quite finished yet. Bring in the bag.”
Two men did as told, and then brought in a large bag with something inside. It wasn’t quite clear
what it was, but there was an ominous feeling to what could be inside.
Shimano would now be the one to sit in the chair, a strange noise coming from it as it struggled to
bear his weight. “I will be blunt with you, Mr. Teppei Hojo. You are in deep trouble. The Tojo do
not look fondly on small time crooks like you. And you had the audacity to think you could get
away with stealing from us. But consider this your lucky day. We won’t kill you.”
“Not to say there won’t be any punishment. How does one month in the Hole sound, boys?”
Everyone in the room nodded and agreed, not daring to question Shimano’s opinion. “W-what is
the Hole?” Teppei asked in almost a whisper.
“Eh, I’d rather not talk about it. Real ugly business down there. You’ll find out soon enough. You
might be a little mutilated and starved and… some other stuff, but you’ll be alive. The guy who
kicked your ass survived it for a year, you’ll be fine for a month.”
Majima clenched his teeth, not remotely wanting to remember how horrid that experience had
been.
“Now, here’s the other reason you’re getting off lucky. You’ve already repaid your debt to a degree,
though it seems you’re unaware of how.” Teppei’s mix of confusion and fear said yes. “Unzip the
bag.”
One man approached and did so, but seemed hesitant to. As he unzipped the bag, it was soon
revealed why. Gasps and murmurs filled the room. Majima was shocked, and Teppei was as pale as
a sheet. Inside the bag was Rina’s corpse. Her face was a caved in mess, fingers/toes were missing,
various cuts, bruises, and injuries were all over. The body was less human, and more a mangled
bundle of flesh.
“R-Rina!!” Teppei blurted out, tears starting to form in his eyes.
Shimano ignored the outburst. “Let me make it clear. You would have ended up far worse than that,
if it weren’t for her sacrifice. And you still can potentially, but I’d like to avoid that. I just need you
to answer a question for me, and we can avoid you looking like that… for the most part.” He wore
a wicked smile.
“W-what?!” Teppei was near delirious, barely able to hold it together.
“Tell me what you know about the Sonozaki Family, and if they have any weaknesses.”

Instantly, Teppei dived into his mind. Running on pure survival instinct, he searched every single
memory he could possibly have about them. Meanwhile, Majima in the corner crossed his arms,
tapping his foot impatiently. Why do I have a bad feeling about this?
Despite his best efforts, Teppei couldn’t think of anything. He was crying, breathing heavily, and
was on the verge of a panic attack. Shimano leaned in closer, and in a gentle but sinister voice, he
asked Teppei another question. “Do you want to end up like her or not?”
On the verge of losing his sanity, his mind finally found something. He wasn’t even sure if he was
correct, but he had to say it. “THE MAID GIRL!!!”
His scream echoed through the warehouse. Shimano wore a satisfied smile. “Elaborate.”
“A-at Angel Mort, there’s a green haired girl that works there sometimes! I’ve seen her a few times
on Saturdays! That’s tomorrow, right?! You can just ambush and kidnap her then! She’s the heir to
the Sonozaki Family! That works, right?!”
Shimano laughed victoriously. “Thank you for remembering, Teppei. Now we can-”
“He’s lying!”
Everyone in the room faced Majima. He appeared composed, but with an intense look in his eye.
Shimano raised an eyebrow. “Speak.”
“I know Mion Sonozaki. Not very well, but well enough to know she doesn’t work at Angel Mort.
She has a part-time job, but it’s not at that place.”
“Then where is it?”
Majima sharply inhaled. “I… don’t know. Kiryu didn’t tell me.”
“Hmm, … has anyone else here been to that Angel Mort?”
“Y-you have to believe me! I swear I’m telling the truth!” Teppei pleaded.
“Oh, I do believe you.” Shimano answered, still looking at Majima. “That’s why I’m curious why
Majima would be saying you’re lying. Once again, can anyone verify that’s been there?”
Not a soul dared to speak up. Almost a minute passed, and then one of the grunts eventually began
to answer. “Mr. Shimano, I have-” He cut himself off instantly. If looks could kill, Majima was
ready to murder him. He gazed back at Shimano. Shimano nodded, “Don’t mind him. He can’t bite
you right now.”
Between the two bosses, the man realized which was truly scarier. “I saw a green haired girl there
yesterday, Sir.”
“I… I can also confirm, Sir! I was with him.” Another grunt added.
“I see,” Shimano dryly commented. He walked over to Majima, only being a few feet away from
him. “Tell me, Majima. Is this another favor to Kiryu? I wouldn’t put it past him to want to protect
the Sonozakis for whatever reason. He’s not very fond of the Tojo after everything, that’s reason
enough. I don’t mind you cashing in a favor to keep this guy alive, but if you’re asking me to
ignore key information that would give us an advantage, well-”

A sickly, evil grin covered his face. “Like I said, remember where you stand with me. How I got
you back into the yakuza, all for the sake of seeing your sworn brother again. And how I can just as
easily reverse that.”
Majima froze. He gritted his teeth and clenched his fists till the knuckles were white. “You
wouldn’t.”
“I would, and you know it. You’re a mad dog, Majima. But also one I know how to keep on a leash.
Don’t make me put you down. I’ll ask you once. Is that man telling the truth about the Sonozaki
girl?”
There was only one answer Majima could say. But he loathed and cursed himself for it having
come to this. I’m sorry, Kiryu. I’m so, so sorry. After what felt like an eternity for him, Majima
finally answered. “Yes… “
Shimano smiled, patting the defeated Majima on the back. “Good man! Was that so hard?” He then
walked to the center of the room. “Boys, put him to sleep and transport him to the Hole. We’re
done with him.”
“W-wait! I still don’t know what the Hole is! Are they going to torture me?! Am I-” Teppei’s wails
were cut off as another rag forced him back to sleep.
“Majima, you’re going to sleep here, tonight. You four keep an eye on him throughout the night, at
least until we get the girl. Feel free to use lethal means, if necessary.” Shimano ordered.
Majima was now freaking out. “W-why?!”
“Because, Majima. It’s obvious. You have a history of trying to intervene in things. I planned for
that during the Empty Lot, but there’s nothing for you to do here. If you’re wise, you’ll enjoy
yourself a day off. It’s rare in the yakuza world, so have a good one! Don’t make me regret keeping
you around, Majima.” And with an insincere wink, Shimano exited the building, already preparing
the plans for tomorrow in his head.
There were so many things Majima wanted to do at that moment. Beating up everyone in the room.
Going after Shimano, and beating the hell out of his boss. Warning Kiryu and the kids about what
was to come. But what could he do? For all his claims of freedom, he was still a leashed dog. A
prisoner waiting for his sworn brother in prison. And no matter what, he could not give up on that.
The one thing he did finally do was go to the spare futons in the warehouse in a side room. He laid
down and got inside. He was still boiling at his powerlessness, but a new wave of thoughts was
passing over him. I’m not going down without a fight. You’re going to regret today, Shimano. I
swear it. And thus, his mind did not seek what he could do now, but rather what he would need to
do in the near future as something horrific was about to hit Hinamizawa.

Chapter End Notes

Hey! It's been a hot minute. Where have I been? Well, honestly I've been writing a fuckton of
original stuff. Like almost 30k words worth of original stuff, and also another 20k or so for a
fic I've been gradually rolling out for Kengan. Not even saying this is an excuse, cuz I don't

have a consistent update schedule. But I figured I might as well elaborate on the wide gap
between chapters. But if you're still here and willing to put up with my bs, then thanks for
reading. I truly appreciate it. I will finish this fic. I have most of the rest of the story drafted
out, and it's a matter of just writing it. It's just A LOT to write lol. But I hope you enjoyed the
beefy chapter today.

Chapter 41: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 9: Dine and Dash
It was early Saturday morning in Okinomiya. Tourists were doing sightseeing, some brave souls
arriving specifically for the Watanagashi, wishing to seek the event out of either genuine or morbid
curiosity. Hotels were almost fully booked, and it was a lively, hot day for everyone out and about.
There was one man wearing a barrette walking down the street, slightly standing out due to his
stereotypical artist look. It was Ichiro Maebara, Keiichi’s father.
It was rare for the man to be outside. Often, he would be cooped up inside his study, painting away.
So why was the man out and about, today? Simple, he was pursuing his one somewhat regular
activity outside. He was seeking some quality food from Angel Mort. While the man did tend to go
there for more vulgar reasons, something about the food and coffee did get his creative juices
going. So he wasn’t there entirely to be a lecher.
He wasn’t fully paying attention as he walked down the street, daydreaming about ideas for his
next painting. His daydream was abruptly halted as he bumped into someone. “Oof, oh, sorry! I
didn’t see you there, pal.” His eyebrows raised in recognition. “Yasunori?”
Rena’s father’s face mimicked Ichiro’s. “Ichiro?”
Ichiro chuckled. “Well, I’ll be damned. What are you doing walking around here?”
Yasunori nervously laughed. “Hehe, I suppose you wouldn’t believe I was trying to find a place to
grab a snack?”
“Well, that’s what I’m up to myself. But what about you? Where’s that Rina girl of yours you’ve
been dating recently. You’d best not be cheating on her, ya sly dog. It’s not every day you get to
date a bombshell like that.” Ichiro teased.
Yasunori laughed a bit more naturally now, but his smile faded. “That’s the thing. I was supposed to
meet up with Rina around here, today. I was going to treat her nicely, and… I’ve been waiting here
a half hour now.”
“Oh… OHHHH.” Ichiro covered his mouth, slightly tugging on his beard. “You don’t think
she…?”
“No! No, I’m sure she was just dealing with something and hasn’t had the time to reach out yet.
I’m positive she wouldn’t stand me up like that.”
Ichiro was fully stroking his beard now pondering the situation. “How long have you two been
dating?”
“Um, three to four months now I think? Why do you ask?”
“Just checking. If it had been less than a month, I would probably be pushing the ‘she stood you
up’ angle a lot more. But if you’ve been dating that long, then I’m going to trust she had something
going on. Though, I find it strange she didn’t reach out to you.”
“She may have. I was so excited about our date today, I left far earlier than I should have. She
could have called, and I just missed it.”

A slight snort escaped Ichiro. “Love sure can put youth in your step. I can’t blame you. If I was
dating my wife now, I would do the exact same thing.”
Yasunori felt comforted by Ichiro’s words. “Regardless, here I am now. Without a woman or food
to my name.”
Ichiro slyly grinned, and put his hand around Yasunori’s shoulder. “I do believe I can help you fix
that. You ever been to Angel Mort before? I was just heading there myself.”
“I have not. I feel like Rena has mentioned it before, but I’ve not been there myself. Is the food
good?”
“Absolutely!” A mischievous look entered Ichiro’s eyes. “And the girls aren’t half bad, either.”
Something clicked in Yasunori’s brain as he realized what Ichiro was talking about. “Wait, THAT
place? … Uh, I don’t know, Ichiro. I know you were just joking earlier, but if Rina sees us there,
she’ll kill us. And what about your wife?”
“That’s the thing, Yasu. For all she knows, I’m just going to a regular old café.” Ichiro said,
winking.
Yasunori still seemed hesitant. “I don’t know. I’m not really the target audience for that.”
“Ok, then how about this? You just focus on eating you some good grub, and I’ll do enough
peeping, for the both of us. And besides,” Ichiro let go of Yasunori, his face replacing humor with
sincerity. “I get the sense you could use a pal.”
They stared at each other for a short while, until Yasunori laughed. “Alright, you win. Let’s have a
date ourselves.”
“You got it!”
~~~~
A little later, the two had arrived at Angel Mort. As the two got seated, Yasunori kept his eyes to
the ground in contrast to Ichiro enjoying the show. A young waitress passed out menus to the two
of them, as she left to clean a vacant table. Yasunori brought it close to his face, blocking most of
his vision, lest he be tempted by the sights before him. “Maybe we shouldn’t have come here after
all.”
Ichiro hadn’t bothered to open his menu, already knowing what he wanted. He leaned back in the
booth, a pleased grin across his face. “Relax! We’re here already, Yasu. Can’t be quitting on me
now.”
Yasunori brought the menu closer to his face, his glasses almost touching it. His face flushed red.
“Don’t tease me. Let’s just order our food. I think I know what I want.”
“You got it, friend!” Ichiro stated, making a finger gun pointing at Yasunori. He held up his hand to
signify they were ready to order.
“Hello! Welcome to Angel Mort! May I have your order?” Yasunori put the menu down to look at
their waitress, only to realize he knew her. “Mion?”

Indeed, the girl was the spitting image of Mion. But something was off. As far as Yasunori knew,
Mion wasn’t the type to work in a place like this. “What are you doing working here?”
“Oh, you didn’t know? Yeah, I work here part-time.”
She did not appear to be lying, so why did something still feel off. It almost felt too natural.
Yasunori turned his head to see Ichiro lean in. Mion slightly squatted to hear him whisper. After a
second, she smiled and nodded her head. “I’ll let Keiichi’s father explain.”
Ichiro gestured Yasunori to lean in, and he did, curious what all the secrecy was about. “Do you not
know Mion has a twin sister named Shion?”
Yasunori searched his brain for any such person, and eventually a comment from Rena manifested
in his memory. “Oh, her. Wait, but she looks just like Mion?”
“The two sometimes fill in for each other. It’s pretty easy for them to swap places, when they look
identical. Shion is the one that actually works here, she just sometimes swaps places with Mion,
when she needs to do something. It works out well. Though,” His gaze shifted to Shion. “I don’t
understand why she looks like Mion right now with the ponytail. As far as I know, she IS off today,
helping with the festival.”
At that, Shion had an impish grin. “It’s fun to mess with the regulars. Sis is good at imitating me,
but she’s not perfect. So I get to see puzzled looks as the customer tries to figure out if it’s two girls
or just one strange one. It helps pass the time.”
Yasunori looked back and forth between the two, sighed, and pulled up his menu once again. “I’ll
take this,” he said, pointing at an item on the menu.
“Wonderful choice, Sir! We’ll have that out shortly. And the usual for you, Sir?”
Ichiro nodded his head. “You got it!” Shion stated, taking the menus and leaving them in peace.
Having no visual barrier now from the waitresses, Yasunori decided to just maintain eye contact
with Ichiro. “Is Shion always like this?”
“You didn’t know?”
“I’m a bit ashamed to admit it, but I’m not quite as familiar with who my daughter is friends with
as I should probably be. She has nothing but great things to say about them, but I don’t know them
personally that well.”
Ichiro had an earnest smile. “I’m so busy focusing on art, I don’t get many chances myself to hear. I
have heard, though, Keiichi considers Rena a good friend. I’m sure the feeling is mutual. Maybe
they’ll become more than friends over time.”
Yasunori raised his eyebrows. “You think so?”
“They’re around that age. It’s natural to start seeking out the opposite sex. Who knows? Maybe
we’ll be family within the decade.”
Yasunori held a hand on his head. “I’m not sure if I want to talk about love and relationships right
now.”

Ichiro heartily laughed. “Sorry, the conversation just flowed that way.”
“It’s fine, I’m exaggerating. I’m just surprised I hadn’t thought about it. Actually, Rena does speak
pretty fondly of Keiichi. Does… Keiichi do the same?”
“Eh, you know how boys are. Keiichi is definitely into girls, based on some… past conversations,
haha.”
“I can imagine. But then, what’s the issue?”
“I say this lovingly, but my son is as dense as a rock when it comes to the matters of love. He’s at
that awkward age where he’s sexually attracted to the opposite sex, but doesn’t understand the finer
aspects of romance and love. I suppose he inherited most, but not all, of his father’s charm,” he said
with a confident grin.
Yasunori breathed a sigh of relief. “Knowing Rena, she might just be direct enough she gets
through to him eventually.”
“Haha, let’s hope.”
They were interrupted by Shion bringing them their coffee. “I apologize. It’s taking a bit longer
than expected to get the food out, but it should be done pretty soon!”
“Ah, no worries, Shion. Take your time.” Ichiro stated.
“Thank you for your patience!” She bowed, and left the two again.
Yasunori took a sip of his coffee, and his eyes widened. “Woah, that IS good!”
“I told ya, it was worth coming here! Best coffee this side of Japan.”
“Hmm, … actually, there is an excellent café not too far from here. It might contend for that title as
good as this is.”
“You think so? Well, we have only been here a few months. And you have to remember, I don’t just
come here for the food.”
“Yeah, well, at least in that place you don’t have to worry about your wife yelling at you.”
The two men chuckled at that. “Point taken, Yasu.” Ichiro agreed. A melancholic look crossed his
face, as he gazed out the window. “Man, it has been a few months. The time has gone by quickly.”
“What made you want to move out here? We don’t get a lot of newcomers.”
“Ah, mmm, how do I put it?”
“Assuming you don’t mind sharing?”
“… Let’s just say we wanted to give Keiichi a fresh start. He was dealing with some serious stuff,
and we failed to notice the signs. I think having some long talks and deciding to finally move here
was the best decision we made. Both for our son and as a family. He’s the happiest I’ve ever seen
him.”

“Oh…”
“I would ask you don’t tell anyone about this, including your own daughter. I’m proud to have
Keiichi as my son, but I don’t think he’s quite comfortable sharing that part of his past with his
friends yet.”
“I understand… I understand, all too well, what you mean.”
Ichiro raised an eyebrow. “You do?”
“Rena was born in Hinamizawa, but we moved to Ibaraki for Reik- … my ex’s work. As you’re
aware, Rena’s mother and I divorced, and she took it pretty badly. There are a lot of regrets I have
about how I handled the divorce, but Rena is the one I feel I failed on the most. Do you mind if I
share something personal?”
Ichiro gave a reassuring smile. “My lips are sealed, friend.”
“Rena’s mental state has always been a little… inconsistent. She sees and feels things that aren’t
there, aren’t real. She can be extremely kind and compassionate, but also angry and even violent at
times. I submitted her to a psychiatric evaluation last year, and… a lot of stuff happened. She
wanted to move back to Hinamizawa, and I agreed. We’ve been here since April of last year, and
she loves it. She’s in a much better place now mentally, my only grievance is that it’s hard to tell
how she feels about Rina at times.”
Ichiro nodded, taking it all in. “You have it rougher than I thought.”
Yasunori had a humorless smile. “It is what it is. Life is unpredictable, and you just have to adapt to
it, one day at a time.”
“Hahaha, isn’t that the truth?”
“Um, so having said all that, I hope I didn’t give the impression Keiichi shouldn’t be around Rena.”
Ichiro scoffed. “Are you kidding? We were just talking about them maybe dating each other in the
future. I’d say they’re more compatible than you think.”
Yasunori’s smile became genuine. “That’s nice to hear. Though, I wonder. Keiichi might end up
falling for Mion instead.”
Ichiro snorted at the idea. “I can see it. She sounds rather brash, but my wife was quite the tomboy
back in the day.”
“I only mention it because, well, not that I’m eavesdropping, but you live in a house with only one
other person, you’re going to hear bits and pieces of ‘girl talk’.”
“Certainly.” An idea popped into Ichiro’s head. “You know what? Regardless of what happens, I’m
happy to have you as a pal, Yasu. I was thinking I should paint you and Rina sometime. A lovely
painting of a couple. Ooh, I can already see it!”
“Oh, goodness. I don’t know about that. Don’t you have to stay still for hours?”
“Not with the way I paint. Give me an hour, and I’ll give you a masterpiece. At a discount, of
course.”

Yasunori chuckled. “You fox. You’re just trying to do business with me.”
“Hey, it’s a good discount! I need something to fund my time spent here.” Both men chuckled as
their food finally arrived.
As they were about to dig into their food, Ichiro noticed out of the corner of his eye a long, black
car approaching. Four intimidating men dressed in all black exited the vehicle, and in a unified
fashion entered Angel Mort. The venue became deadly silent. The occasional Sonozaki Family
member or two appearing in Angel Mort wasn’t uncommon, but these men were clearly not locals.
The man in front looked around, his eyes drifting to Shion. “It’s her.”
The four rapidly approached Shion, as she stood frozen in front of the fathers of her friends. “CCan I help you?”
“You can come quietly, and no one has to get hurt.”
Yasunori sat there terrified and confused, but his head turned to find Ichiro standing up. “Back off.”
Ichiro was deadly serious, and looked ready to fight the yakuza.
The grunt in front smirked. “Oh, what? We have a tough guy here? Shouldn’t you be painting
naked girls in France or something?”
Ichiro only smiled. “Lovely idea, but,” He swiftly kicked the yakuza in front of him in the groin,
the man’s eyes bulging as he doubled over in pain. “Run!” Ichiro announced. Shion took the hint,
grabbed a nearby glass cup, and slammed it into the face of the man nearest him. Glass broke and
flew, rendering the man temporarily unconscious, as Shion ran to the back.
The other two drew their guns, but the grunt in front quickly corrected them. “Don’t shoot her
dumbasses! Shoot them.”
In the panic, Yasunori attempted to help. But he had hesitated too long, as one of the grunts shot
him in the knee. He fell forward, his head slamming into the ground. The scene had maybe only
lasted ten seconds so far, but the gun shot was enough to wake everyone else up. Screams were
heard from nearby waitresses and clientele as they frantically tried to escape the café.
Shion had made it to the back door, and was about to escape into an alleyway. Unfortunately, two
other grunts were ready for her, guns already out. “Let’s not make this difficult, Heir. Just come
with us nice and quietly.”
Shion finally understood, that they thought she was Mion. She was unaware why these men were
hunting for her sister. Realistically, something yakuza related. She could easily say she was her
twin sister, but that would mean selling out her own sister. And she was not about to do that.
Almost like a switch flipped, she began to act like her sister, mimicking her specific tone of voice.
“You won’t get away with this. The Sonozaki Family WILL have your heads.”
The grunt in front of her only smirked. “Just get in the car, Princess. We’ll talk later.”
In the meanwhile, Ichiro punched another grunt in the face. He wasn’t even aware his friend had
fallen, focusing purely on the scum in front of him. Another shot was heard. No amount of
adrenaline could ignore the scorching pain he felt in his shoulder. He gritted his teeth, as he
slumped to the ground. “Scram!” The grunts exited the building swiftly, as they got into the car.

Shion was in tow, and forced into the trunk. After a moment, the car sped off, escaping any cops
that were possibly in the area.
As Ichiro tried to sit up and lean against a booth, his eyes wandered to Yasunori. He was face-down
on the floor, blood leaking from his head and leg. His expression shifted from pain to horror.
“Yasu!” He tried to stand up, but found himself crumbling to the ground again, unable to take the
pain. Dammit! Please, give me the strength to stand up!
He then spotted a waitress hiding in the corner. She was shaking, and still unsure if it was safe.
“Call the cops and an ambulance, please! We’ve been shot!” Ichiro’s cries woke the waitress from
her stupor, and she ran to the phone. Ichiro pressed against his shoulder with his hand, applying
deep pressure. It hurt like hell, but he needed to slow blood loss. “Please, Yasu! Hang in there! I’m
sorry I brought you into this. Please stay alive for your daughter’s sake!”
He was unaware if his friend could hear him, but it was said regardless. What was a few minutes
felt like an eternity, as he began to feel dizzy. Crap, this isn’t good. Sirens could be heard in the
distance. It was the one comfort Ichiro had, as he began to join Yasunori in being unconscious.
Good, they’ll be here any minute. Hang in there, Yasu. We’ll survive this.
The last thing he saw before drifting off were police busting into the scene. I hope Shion is okay.
Please be okay…
~~~~

Chapter 42: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 10: Words That
Shouldn’t Have Reached You
Kiryu’s eyes slowly opened as a familiar hum filled his ears. What had originally been an unwanted
alarm clock had become nothing but background noise to Kiryu. To the point, he could sleep
through it with ease now. He blinked a few times, and then frowned. He shifted his head to the side
of his pillow to stare at his clock. 9:45?? He sat up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes just to make
sure he was seeing things properly. What the hell? Did I oversleep?
He hadn’t bothered to change out of his clothes from last night, outside of taking off his suit jacket.
The professional shirt and pants contrasted heavily with his bedhead and bare feet. And he didn’t
particularly care if Majima saw him like this after the last few nights. It was then he finally noticed
it was quiet. Not that the higurashi had gotten any quieter, but rather he could not sense any sign of
his frenemy. “Majima?” Kiryu called out. No answer.
A scowl ventured on to Kiryu’s face. He better not be messing with me. Kiryu stretched, got out of
bed, and walked down the stairs. “Majima!!” He called much louder this time, to no avail. “If you
don’t show your sorry ass, I’ll never fight you again!!” A third time, but no charm, nor answer to be
found. “Huh… he’s really not here.”
It finally set in, but that only puzzled Kiryu. The hell is he doing? Is he still wrapped up in the
Teppei stuff? Truth be told, he hadn’t really thought about how long Majima might have to deal
with it. It was rare dirty work went cleanly. Ah, whatever. I won’t complain, if he’s out of my hair
for a bit. He glanced at a clock on the wall, and clicked his tongue. Why in the world did I decide to
have him be my alarm, and not just set my clock?
He would be late for helping with Watanagashi, but so be it. Things happen. He showered quickly,
and dressed in his typical attire. He was about to grab some late breakfast, when his phone
suddenly rang. “About damn time he called,” he muttered under his breath. He picked up the
phone, putting it close to his ear. “Well, what took you so long to call? You can’t be that busy.”
“Um, … is this Kiryu Kazuma?”
Kiryu’s faced quickly flushed red. The woman calling was certainly not Majima. “H-Hello, sorry! I
thought this was someone else. W-who is this?”
“This is the Okinomiya Hospital. I’m Maki, a nurse here.”
“Oh, gotcha. Gotcha.” His eyes squinted. “Wait, hospital?”
“Yes, Sir. I was requested to call you. A patient here was asking if you could come, it’s an
emergency.”
The chill of a frosty tundra slithered across Kiryu’s spine. “... Who?”
“Ichiro Maebara, Sir.”
“Wait, back up. What exactly has happened?”

“It appears that… they got involved in some scuffle with yakuza and got shot. He and his friend,
Mr. Kazuma.”
There was no reply. Maki only heard a thud, and then the sound of a door opened and closed
harshly afterward. “... Sir, are you still there?” The phone lay on the floor, the woman talking to
nothing but the disturbed air of the now empty house.
~~~~
Soon, it would be midday. Okinomiya had become gradually more lively and busy, which didn’t
help Kiryu running down the streets. The silver lining was that people were generally happy to get
out of the way of the gorilla of a man approaching them rapidly. What the hell is happening in this
loop?!
“Kiryu!”
The Dragon nearly tripped from halting his movement. “Hanyuu?!”
Floating above the street was the familiar goddess. She looked dire, an expression Kiryu was more
used to seeing than he wished. “Talk while we run! We have to get to the hospital!” Kiryu picked
up the pace, and Hanyuu chased after, floating alongside him. “Get me up to speed.”
“Rena and Keiichi’s fathers have been shot!”
Kiryu fumbled a step, but kept going. Rena’s?! … Dammit, that must have been the friend the nurse
mentioned. I just don’t get it! Why would the Sonozaki Family shoot them?! Hanyuu didn’t reply,
causing Kiryu to glance at her. “There’s more, right?!”
Hanyuu had a pensive expression. “Kiryu, it was the Tojo.”
At that, Kiryu had to come to a halt. “Wait, what?”
“You didn’t let me finish! Shion was kidnapped by them! They were shot trying to help her escape!”
His blood froze, and his face looked positively ill. There were a million questions running through
his head, but his sense of urgency returned as he began to run again. He forced all thoughts out,
purely focusing on just getting to the hospital. A few blocks later, he finally arrived, out of breath.
He took a second to recover, and entered into the building. He beelined straight for the receptionist.
“I’m here to see a Mr. Maebara.”
The receptionist nodded. “Popular guy today,” she dryly commented. “Room 125.”
Kiryu thanked her, and speed walked to the room. He was about to enter, but stopped in his tracks
at the sight. The two patients, Keiichi’s mother, and half of the club were there. Ichiro seemed to be
conscious, but was clearly suffering, his shoulder wrapped. Yasunori was definitely unconscious,
his head and knee wrapped in gauze. Keiichi’s mother was talking with Ichiro, the two busy in
conversation. Satoko was about to cry, or most likely already had cried plenty. Rika was there, but
he could not see her expression, her head down with her bangs covering her eyes. He didn’t have to
see, he knew the look as well as Hanyuu’s.
And then there was Keiichi. The boy was shellshocked, unable to process what had happened. He
just stared at the ground, his expression blank and unmoving. But something in his eyes changed as

he saw who had arrived. “Teach!” Everyone turned to face him, as Kiryu walked in. The kids
gathered around him. They all began to talk at once, which Kiryu had to interrupt. “Woah! One at a
time! I heard what happened. I…” His shoulders slumped, his face glowered. “I don’t know what to
think.”
“Well, it seems we’re almost all here now.” Ichiro spoke up.
Kiryu walked to Ichiro’s bedside. “Ichiro, are you ok?”
He gave a casual grin, as casual as he could with the pain. “I’ll tell you what I’ve told everyone
else, who has asked. I’m awake and alive. That’s about the best I can ask for right now. Though,”
He slightly turned his head, staring at Yasunori. “Yasu, got it pretty badly. Poor guy cracked his
head falling from getting shot in the knee.”
Kiryu took another look at Yasunori, and then returned his gaze to Ichiro. “Ok, I won’t ask you to
give me the full story. Just clarify for me something. Did Shion get kidnapped by yakuza?”
A heavy silence filled the room. Ichiro let out a heavy sigh. “Yeah, and it’s my fault. I wasn’t strong
enough to protect her, and I got Yasu shot for it. Some hero I am, huh?”
“Ichiro… no.” Kiryu firmly held Ichiro’s hand on his unaffected side. “Both you and Yasunori
valiantly put your lives at risk to try to protect a young girl. I can’t think of anything more heroic
than that.”
Ichiro warmly smiled. “Thanks, but we should move on from my wallowing in shame. I called you
here because I have a small favor to ask of you. I mean, I wanted you to know as a new pal, but I
feel you’re more suited for this task than me currently.”
“Ask away.”
“Can you please give these kids some comforting words? Especially Rena? You always seem to
know what to say, and I don’t think they’re going to leave till they hear things will be ok from
someone that’s not me.”
Kiryu turned to face the kids. They were all anxious, Satoko the most so. “Kiryu, I’m worried about
Shion. Are *sniff* are they going to hurt her?”
“S-she should be fine, Satoko!” Keiichi stuttered. “They took her thinking she was Mion. They
wouldn’t hurt the Heir, they need her alive, right, Kiryu?”
Rika said nothing, but her eyes begged Kiryu to say something. Do anything to make this better. He
might as well have been at the bottom of the sea with the amount of pressure on him. Majima’s
disappearance and this being the first loop the Tojo have been so directly involved. Something
awful had definitely happened, and he wasn’t going to stand for it. He clenched his fist. “Kids, I
think it’s best if we leave this to the police for now. I’ll… do what I can in the meanwhile.” He
mostly said that for Rika’s sake, some small comfort he could give.
“I would say that’s a wise choice, nfufufu.” A gruff, nasally laugh drew the attention of everyone.
Ooishi and a police officer had arrived.
“Ooishi?” Kiryu questioned.

“It’s me. We brought someone important here, or rather, she followed us on her bike.” Behind them
was Rena. “Dad!” She ran over to her father’s bedside. “Dad! Dad, please answer me, Dad!” Her
father, of course, didn’t reply. She faced everyone, and it was the first time they got a clear look at
her face. She looked like she hadn’t slept last night, and all sorts of emotions were apparent on her
face. “What… what is going to happen to my Dad?”
Rena looked like she was about to break down. Kiryu was going to say something, but Ooishi
intervened. “Your father is alive, Rena. He just needs rest right now. All this activity in here can’t
be good for him. He should be fine. Now then…” He turned his attention to Ichiro. “We’ve
received plenty of accounts from eyewitnesses, but we’d like to hear from you directly in a short
while, Mr. Maebara. If you can, that is.”
Ichiro nodded. “I can still speak. You can count on my cooperation.”
Rena had calmed down a little, but her eyes were searching for something. “Ooishi, Sir. Do you
know who shot my father? Do you?”
“We are currently investigating. Surprisingly, it’s not Sonozaki related this time. We think it’s some
rival yakuza group, which is strange because the Sonozakis aren’t known for warring with other
factions. They keep to themselves pretty well, despite their reach and power. But certainly they
won’t take their Heir being taken lightly.” His eyes sharpened. “I think we need to run over there
and have a long talk with them about how they’re going to handle this.”
“Wait, was I the only one that knew it was actually Shion that got kidnapped?” Ichiro questioned.
Ooishi raised his eyebrows, the many creases on his forehead becoming more pronounced. “... I
was not privy to this information. I’ll ask you about that shortly. The Heir still being around is
probably a good thing, even if I’d rather not have to talk to her later, nfufufufu.”
“B-but Mr. Ooishi!” Rena stuttered. “Who did this?! Who?!”
“Well, to answer that, I should show everyone this.” Ooishi fumbled in his pocket, and withdrew a
pin. His face became somber. “We believe this pin belongs to one of the most infamous yakuza
groups in Japan. The Tojo Clan. We did hear reports that two of their men were found dead here,
but if they’re only now deciding to take revenge, then… things might be quite grim. This wasn’t in
a spur of the moment incident. It was planned out and might have grave consequences going
forward.”
Not a sound could be heard from the room. Rena’s eyes, unblinking, turned to Kiryu. It was only
for a second, but it was enough to make Kiryu spooked. It was the same way she had stared at him
in the first loop, and yet it was still just as terrifying without the syndrome. She finally blinked, and
looked down, contemplating something. “I’m sorry. I need to leave for a while. I need some time to
myself.”
Rena began to leave, but Ooishi stepped in front of the door. “Hang on, we did have some questi-”
“I said I need some time to myself!” Ooishi took a step back. There was a boiling rage in Rena’s
eyes. He had seen bloodlust in plenty of criminal’s eyes, but it was rare he saw it in a child like
Rena. He reconsidered his priorities, and decided it was best to let her go and wordlessly stepped
out of her way. There was always time for questions later, hopefully.

As Rena stormed out, the tension had become a lot more dire. Kiryu put a hand on Ooishi’s
shoulder. “I’ll go after her, Ooishi. Forgive her, there must be a million things going through her
head right now.”
“Of course, I appreciate it.” Kiryu was about to leave, when Ooishi would now be the one to put a
hand on his shoulder. The strength of the grip suggested it wasn’t very friendly. “However, I must
ask something.” Kiryu slightly turned around to meet Ooishi’s gaze. “Why did she suddenly change
after learning about the Tojo being involved? Would you happen to know anything about that, Mr.
Kazuma?”
Kiryu could feel Ooishi searching his very soul for answers. He was not sure how much this
fragment’s Ooishi knew, but it wouldn’t surprise him if Ooishi already knew his identity. Kiryu’s
eyes sharpened, and he faced Ooishi more directly. “I can’t say I know why, but trust me when I
say this. If the Tojo so much as dare take one step into Hinamizawa, I’ll be there to handle it.”
Ooishi’s face was stern, still searching Kiryu’s expression. A few moments passed, and then he
chuckled. “You can leave that to the police. I appreciate your volunteering, but we’ll handle it.”
A mutual understanding had been formed, and Kiryu mirrored the smile. “Absolutely.” And with
that he promptly left.
The officer accompanying Ooishi leaned in, and whispered. “What was that all about, Sir?”
“Oh, just a hunch. Tell me, have you ever seen a dragon in real life?”
The officer paused, unsure if this was some riddle, or if his superior was just messing with him. “I
have not. Why do you ask?”
Ooishi muffled a laugh. “Oh, nothing. Just thinking aloud.”
Meanwhile, the kids were plenty stunned by Rena’s outburst. “Should I also go after Rena?”
Keiichi asked his friends.
Satoko thought about it for a moment, and then shook her head no. “Maybe later, but let Kiryu
handle it right now.”
In contrast, Rika was staring down at the floor. But not from being sad, but rather worry. Please tell
me nothing went wrong last night.
~~~~
Kiryu speed walked down the hospital’s halls. He weaved through nurses and various other hospital
staff. Eventually, he spotted Rena turning the corner going down the hall. Kiryu picked up the pace,
but found her going around another corner by the time he got here. Wait, where is she going? The
exit is in the opposite direction.
He had found himself in some odd corner of the hospital. The amount of staff grew fewer and
fewer, and eventually he was the only one among the halls. He turned one final corner, and saw
Rena taking a back door outside. Kiryu ran after her, and almost slammed the door open. She
walked down a nearby alleyway, and Kiryu entered it as well. “Rena! Where are-”

She was right there, waiting for him. Scowling at him like a disappointed mother after a long day.
Kiryu resolved himself, and closed the door behind him. “Ok, I know what you’re thinking, Rena.
But-”
“No, you don’t, Kiryu.” Rena interrupted. “I haven’t said anything yet. Have I?”
Kiryu sighed. “Well, I can take a guess or two. It’s not a coincidence you led me here.”
“And it’s just a coincidence, Shii was kidnapped the day after you took away Teppei? That
Keiichi’s father and mine are now in the hospital?!”
“I… maybe, I am just as in the dark as you are, Rena. I’m trying to figure out what could have
happened.”
“Does that mean Majima hasn’t gotten back to you yet?” Kiryu hesitated to answer. “Tell me!”
Rena demanded.
“No!” Kiryu firmly answered. “Not yet, but stuff like this can take time. It’s not pretty business. It’s
not like these guys actively planned to shoot Ichiro and your father there. He just got caught up in it
since Ichiro tried to stop them.”
Rena was shaking with anger. “And I’m just supposed to believe Majima didn’t betray us?”
“He would never!” Kiryu rebutted.
“How do you know that?! I can’t even tell if you two are friends sometimes!”
“Because… I know our relationship is unusual. But I’ve known him for years and trust him deeply.
He would never betray me like this.”
“Prove it.”
Kiryu did a double take. “What?”
“Prove it. If you’re so close, you should be able to tell me why I should believe you. I’m not even
sure if I should trust you now, Kiryu!” Rena was holding back tears, her face twisted with hatred
and grief.
Kiryu hesitated to reply. He could easily tell Rena Majima’s past, but it felt wrong. Sorry, Majima.
You can beat me up later for this. He faced Rena with earnest eyes. “Because that man is willing to
go to insane lengths for those he cares for. He spent a year being tortured in a black site yakuza
prison. Utterly horrific things that would drive most people crazy. All because his sworn brother
was in trouble, and he was willing to disobey the Tojo just for that. The only reason he got back
into the Tojo was because his boss noticed his resolve.”
“Later on, he singlehandedly beat up everyone in one of the Tojo’s strongest families. All to protect
a woman he loved. A woman he could never see again to keep her safe. He would die fighting
before he would betray me.”
Rena only gazed back at Kiryu with skeptical eyes. “Then give me an explanation why they
kidnapped Shion. There has to be some reason why.”

“Again, I don’t know!” Kiryu shouted, becoming more frustrated. “Maybe Teppei was threatened
and spilled about the sisters working at Angel Mort. He’s the type that would go there.”
“Then why didn’t Majima stop them from kidnapping her?!”
He wanted to yell again, but he took a minute to think about it. In the back of his mind, Kiryu had
been theorizing for a while now what could have possibly happened. The worst case scenario.
Inevitably, a grave realization was made. His face fell as it hit him. “... I can only assume someone
threatened to kick him out of the yakuza. Nothing is more important to Majima than being there,
when his brother finally gets out of prison. He was willing to suffer a year of that torture just for the
not even guaranteed possibility of seeing him again.”
Logically, it made sense to Rena. Everyone has a line they can’t cross. But it wasn’t something she
could emotionally handle currently. “So that’s it? I’m just supposed to accept that?!”
Kiryu’s expression darkened. “What do you want me to say, Rena? None of us knew it was going to
pan out this way.”
“Kiryu, do you even care that my father is potentially going to die?!”
“Of course, I care! Ichiro is a friend, and no teacher wants to see their students suffer!”
Rena’s eyes were cold and unsympathetic. “You’re not even my teacher, Kiryu.”
The words fazed Kiryu in a way he hadn’t expected. “That… that doesn’t mean I don’t care about
you or the people here.”
“How can I even trust you, Kiryu?! I didn’t know who you really were till yesterday! And there’s
possibly more lies on top of that?!”
“I’m not lying, dammit!!” He yelled far more harshly than he should to a child. “I’m telling you the
whole truth! Please believe me!”
Rena’s eyes were still just as doubtful. “I overheard bits and pieces of what you were talking about
with Majima upstairs. It didn’t sound like this was the original plan. I naively figured things were
fine, but something has clearly gone wrong.”
“Rena, the only thing that has gone unplanned is my theory about what happened with Majima.
And AGAIN! It was just awful luck for everyone involved, your father got caught up in this.”
“Then what was the original plan?!”
“We were just going to interrogate him! Beat him up, scare the piss out of him, make him leave
town. We only went back on that because it was incredibly likely the Tojo would find out we lied
about killing him, and make things far worse for everyone involved.”
Rena’s pupils darkened. “So you did it just to save your own skin?”
“No, listen to me! I’m sure Majima will do whatever he can to help us within his capabilities
ASAP. If it wasn’t Teppei hypothetically ratting out that the sisters worked there, it could have just
as easily been some Tojo grunt seeing she worked here and relaying it to higher-ups. The Tojo have
been looking for any excuse to get one over the Sonozakis. This was just a horrific tragedy all
around. I’m sorry.”

Any faith Rena still had left in Kiryu looked like it was about to vanish. “Do you really not get it,
Kiryu? Do you truly believe you have no fault in this?”
At that, Kiryu stumbled to answer. “I… that… “
“Face it, Kiryu! This was a stupid idea from the beginning, and I hate myself for just going along
with it!” Tears began to fall down her face. “I was such a moron! Nothing good could have come
from involving the Tojo in this! If the Tojo were so eager to find some weakness in the Sonozakis
and could so easily find one, why the hell did you think it was a good idea to have them MORE
involved here?! You can’t control what they do here, so you just set yourself up for something
awful happening!”
Kiryu felt Rena was being largely unreasonable. He understood why and was trying to be patient,
but his temper was starting to get the better of him. “Rena, it’s because I’m here that Hinamizawa
isn’t up in flames right now! I’m sorry I couldn’t foresee this coming, but I’m stuck between trying
to keep everyone here safe and ALSO trying to keep friends and family still in the Tojo from
getting hurt in a yakuza war as well! I’m just one person trying to do what he can to stop a
cataclysmic event from happening!”
Rena’s eyes were full of judgment and disdain. “I can understand that, Kiryu. But for all your talk
of wanting to be a hero and keep everyone alive and happy, you’ve sentenced him to a fate worse
than death. You describe to me the hell Majima went through, and you somehow didn’t think
Teppei would go through it just as bad. Don’t misunderstand me. I won’t lose much sleep over
someone like him suffering like that.”
“But the point of the matter is you should have killed him when you had the chance. None of this
would have happened, if he were alive. And if you were too much of a coward to do it, Majima
could have done it for you. Hearing all that about him, I’m reluctant to believe he hasn’t killed
someone before. And I get the feeling you have as well. Some hero you are.”
Her words stabbed him. It was brutally honest. He didn’t know what to say at this point, there was
no patience left. He obviously shouldn’t have said what came next, but he could only feel anger at
how unfair he felt Rena was being towards him. “I have killed in self-defense, yes, but I will never
become a murderer, if I can avoid it. And yeah, maybe I am a piss poor excuse for a hero. And
maybe I am just saving my own skin to a degree, but what the hell do you want me to do?! I’ve
already screwed up badly TWICE in regard to stuff I can’t even begin to make you understand,
even if I wanted to! So when a potentially good plan appears, and us trio of dumbasses agree on it
being a good idea, yeah we’re going to go for it! WE!” Kiryu emphasized Rena’s involvement.
“I’ve been doing my best to both help you and also do my job here at the same time! I don’t need to
be treated like this, just because you can’t help but project your own frustration onto me!”
Rena knew Kiryu’s words rang true. She already hated herself, and she loathed herself even more
for how she was treating Kiryu. But she didn’t care, her emotions were front and center, and she
was seeing red right now. “Then maybe you should have never come here in the first place, Kiryu!
We can handle ourselves here in Hinamizawa! We never needed your help, and I know Mion and
her Family would have handled the Tojo just fine!”
“... Do you know how much pressure Mion is always under? Do you know what she must be
dealing with right now?! Do you have any damned clue what could actually happen within the next
few days?! Forget the Tojo! Because of Takano and her men, Rika and the whole village may go six

feet under, if no one stops her! And that’s on top of the possibility the Tojo may start a war any day
now!”
Rena was briefly confused by the mention of Takano, but threw it out of her head, unconcerned
with it currently. “I have no idea what you’re talking about with Takano. Sounds like just more lies
and excuses. All I know is that I should have never involved you in this! I should have just handled
Teppei myself from the beginning!!” She screeched at Kiryu.
Something snapped in Kiryu. He had damned up every grievance he had had since he had first
arrived at Hinamizawa. A torrent of mixed emotions. Guilt coming from the fact, he was partially
at fault for many things, but also anger and frustration from out of his depth he was. A pawn to
forces and events completely outside his control, he could only battle with the knowledge and help
he had now. Over a month’s combined time of dealing with anything and everything, just trying to
both stay sane and doing everything in his power to help. That damn finally broke with Rena’s
comment.
“Handle it?! HANDLE IT?!!”
Kiryu was completely enraged. It was enough to finally faze Rena herself, and she felt herself
taking a step back against the wall behind her. “W-well, yeah!”
“Don’t act like you have all the damned answers! I’m working my ass off here, and I get shit from
you for it?!! You think becoming a murderer for your friends would solve anything, you ungrateful
brat?!!”
“IF YOU HADN’T COME TO ME FOR HELP, YOU WOULD HAVE FUCKING KILLED
TEPPEI AND RINA YOURSELF!!!”
Kiryu’s declaration echoed along the alley’s walls. Rena’s face went white as a sheet. Her whole
body shook like a leaf, as her knees gave out and she slowly slid back against the wall to her rear.
Kiryu immediately regretted saying what he had, and covered his mouth in shock. There was a
horrifyingly long silence between the two.
“...”
“...”
Eventually, Kiryu uncovered his mouth and went to say something. “I-”
“I’m sorry!!” Rena yelled out. She was almost in a fetal position, her bangs covering her eyes. But
Kiryu could see the tears flowing down her face. “I said such horrific things to you! Why am I like
this, dammit?! Why am I such a screw-up?!” She slammed her fist against the brick wall harshly.
Her hand was cut, and some blood started to leak out. Kiryu went to hold her hand, concerned.
“Rena!”
“No, don’t!” Kiryu froze as Rena held out her hand. He could see her eyes clearly now. They were
utterly in despair. “I’m filthy. Please… don’t touch me.” It wasn’t a request as more Rena was
begging and pleading. Kiryu tried to protest. “B-but your hand!”
“It’s fine!!” Rena denied him. Her voice lowered to almost a whisper. “It’s fine. I’m sorry for
everything. You were telling the truth… about everything. We did what we thought best. Please,
just… let me go home.”

Kiryu couldn’t think of anything to say. And quite frankly, he was afraid to say anything else after
what had occurred. He simply nodded, and stood to the side, letting Rena exit the alleyway. It took
a minute, but Rena slowly got up. She stumbled along towards the exit, not quite on her feet yet.
She nearly lost her balance, and held her bloodied hand against the wall. Kiryu wanted to reach out
again, but restrained himself. He didn’t have the privilege to do such a thing now.
Rena slowly looked behind her. Tears were stained on her cheeks, but she wore a forced smile.
“See… “ Her voice cut off. If she had said anything else, it was caught in her throat. She made
herself swallow, and maintain the smile. “See you… at the Watanagashi festival.” She then covered
her face with her hat, running out of sight.
Kiryu stood there motionless. He slowly turned to the brick wall nearest him. He slammed his fist
into it. In contrast, his fist was only slightly bruised, with the wall welcoming a new crack in it.
“Goddammit!!” He cursed out into the midday air. Soon after, he looked up at the sky. There was
nothing there to comfort him. Only a floating goddess. She wasn’t angry or even disappointed. If
anything, she looked strangely calm. “I see.”
Kiryu couldn’t meet her gaze. He looked down in the ground in shame. “I know, I fucked up.
Badly. Again.”
“It’s not that, it’s just… let me go get Rika. Stay there for now, please.” And with that, she
vanished. Kiryu was left with gaining nothing, and having lost yet again to his own worst
tendencies.

Chapter 43: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 11: Those That
Remain By His Side
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

About five minutes had passed since Rena ran away. Kiryu was sitting on the ground, his back to
the aged brick wall behind him. His arms were crossed, and he stared at the wall across from him.
He had the look of a man reconsidering his life choices. He saw a young blue haired girl
approaching him. She joined him, sitting against the wall, almost mimicking his pose. Kiryu
sighed, and lowered his head. A couple of minutes passed, no words exchanged between the two.
Eventually, the girl spoke up. “I’m sorry, Kiryu.”
Kiryu held his head up, in confusion. “Sorry? For what?”
Rika faced him. A bitter smile across her face. “I’m sorry you’ve had to endure the same mistakes
I’ve made, and that I wasn’t able to prevent you from experiencing them.”
Her comment just left Kiryu more puzzled. “Shouldn’t you be enraged at me? I’m not looking for
sympathy or even pity. I clearly messed up so badly now despite what I’ve promised. I should
just… “
“Just what?”
Kiryu paused, and then shook his head, holding it in his hand. “Nothing, another foolish thought.
You have nothing to be sorry for. I’m a grown ass man, who can’t even handle a traumatized kid
properly. I’m her teacher, and I lose my shit right in front of her. The hell is wrong with me?”
“Kiryu, to someone a quarter my age you’re just sort of a very, big kid. Someone, I’ve been so
grateful for his help, that I’ve forgotten the fact I’ve put an immense burden on him.”
“That’s… I… you’re… ok, fine. But that doesn’t excuse my actions.”
“I’m not saying it does. But if I were to get mad at you, I’d need to criticize myself 100-fold first.
There’s no logic in this insanity. I’ve enveloped us both in a new puzzle after I was this close to
figuring out the previous one. You’ve done the best you can navigating it for me, for us.”
Kiryu was briefly silent. “Part of me really badly just wants to kill myself and go to the next loop.
But that’s just the selfish part of me speaking. … Is that normal to feel after a few loops?”
Rika giggled. “It is morbidly amusing to see someone mirror my first few loops in many ways, but
to answer your question, yes. But here’s the thing, Kiryu. Will you sit here and give up, or will you
fight for the best possible ending for this fragment? I truly believe that is our duty as the only ones
that can fix it.”
“I just feel at a loss, Rika. And I know that’s unfair to you, after everything you’ve gone through.
But it’s just… how am I supposed to stop a war that can start as soon as tomorrow. I can definitely
protect people, it’s just- OW!”

Rika had stood up, and sharply pinched Kiryu on his arm with a mildly mischievous look in her
eye. Kiryu was just aggravated. “What was that for?!”
“You rely on your fellow club members, ya goofball. Your friends.”
Kiryu mentally flat lined for a few seconds. He sighed again, and shook his head. “I sometimes
wonder which one of us is taking care of the other in this relationship.
Rika giggled again. “So you agree?”
“Yeah, minus the fact I just treated my ‘friend’ incredibly badly.”
“And you don’t think Rena can bounce back from something like this? You don’t think YOU can’t
bounce back?”
“Of course, I can. I have responsibilities. I know she can, too. I just am very worried about how
she’s feeling right now, and what might she do if the Tojo really do invade Hinamizawa.”
At that, Rika’s smile finally faded. For as understanding she wanted to be with Kiryu, the reality
was something horrific could happen within the next few days. “Kiryu, I think you need to go talk
to Mion. Explain everything to her. It’s the worst-case scenario, but we have to do what we can.”
“... Yeah, that’s a sound idea.” Kiryu agreed, as he stood up. “Thank yo-”
“Nope!” Rika interrupted, raising her hand. “You can thank me after all of this is over. I’m just
getting you back into the right mindset. I was about to slap you, if words didn’t work.”
At that, Kiryu snorted. “Certainly beats being shot and stabbed a gazillion times.”
Rika’s cheeks turned red, as she looked away. “That’s a low blow, Kiryu.”
“Hahaha, sorry, couldn’t help it. Let’s visit the Sonozakis.”
Rika nodded her head in agreement.
~~~~
Afternoon had reached Hinamizawa, and soon evening would follow. Shadows started to lengthen
and preparation for the Watanagashi festival would soon simmer down. Everyone had gotten rides
home from the police, and Kiryu was now by his lonesome. He would soon be in front of the
Sonozaki Estate, but to his surprise, a group of a dozen Family members appeared to be expecting
him. One of the tallest, an inch on Kiryu himself, walked in front of them. “Our Heir requests you
meet her in her Estate. We will personally escort you, Mr. Kazuma.”
There was an undeniable tension in the air, as Kiryu squinted his eyes. “And, hypothetically, if I
refuse?”
The grunt in front only wore a smirk in response. “Considering your past, I think we both know
what would happen.”
The hairs on the back of Kiryu’s neck stood up. Previous loops had shown it wasn’t as big of a
secret as he’d like it to be, but he wasn’t at all fond of the idea they’d found out about his past.

Especially not now. The air shifted, as Kiryu’s face was now equipped with a serious expression.
“Point taken. Lead the way.”
The man in front nodded, and the other 11 surrounded Kiryu on all sides. They walked in unison
like a marching band, coming closer and closer to the Sonozaki Estate. Two massive doors opened
to the Estate, letting Kiryu and the men inside. There were dozens of yakuza on each side of the
stairs, staring down Kiryu like he was a rabid dog.
Kiryu felt a slight pit in his stomach. He had only recently fought on the whole Family running up
these steps, almost dying a few times. He loathed the idea of repeating such a task now, and wasn’t
quite sure if he even could. Up the long flights of stairs they travelled, Kiryu trying to remain calm.
Really feels like today is just not my day.
Eventually, they reached the top. A couple of the more out of shape grunts surrounding Kiryu
breathing heavily, albeit, trying their best to hide it. The man in front motioned for Kiryu to follow
him into the estate, with the rest of the men walking away, all except for one that followed behind
with a gun in hand. They walked down a long hallway to a side room, and stopped. “I can’t help
but notice the Head isn’t here.” Kiryu dryly commented.
“And whose fault is it she’s busy right now?”
“The Tojo, which I want to make clear I am going to fight against.”
The grunt snorted. “Sure, tell it to the Boss.”
They finally entered the room. For a side room, it had the shape of a meeting room. A long,
wooden table with some twenty chairs in total surrounding it was the centerpiece. At the other side
of the table was Mion Sonozaki, the heir to the Sonozaki Family. She had an inscrutable poker face,
which didn’t change even at Kiryu entering. Kiryu met her gaze. “Hello, Mi- … Ms. Sonozaki.”
Considering the atmosphere, it was not a wise idea to address her casually, regardless of their
relationship. One that may mean nothing now, considering what had just happened with Rena.
“Take a seat, Dragon of Dojima.” Mion ordered.
Kiryu did as told, and found himself already feeling tense. He was like a school boy in the
principal’s office, but he was about to receive far more than just some lecture. There was a pressure
Mion manifested. He had seen it in their fight, but there was a faint feeling of them both holding
back. Now there were nothing but pure, cold, calculating eyes across from him.
“You two may leave now.”
“Are you sure, Boss? What if he tries something?” The grunt that had led Kiryu inquired.
Her eyes glared back with venom at his indignation. “You dare question my ability to handle this
man?”
A chill travelled along the man’s spine. “N-no! Of course, not. We’ll be outside the door, if you
need us.” This was a man taller than Kiryu, and Mion had made him submit like it was nothing. It
didn’t matter if she was a young woman, she kept her men in check like a true yakuza. And with
that, an oppressive silence manifested between the two.

Kiryu’s gaze didn’t waver. He immensely respected Mion, and expected a very solemn talk
between the two. So he didn’t expect the first words out of Mion’s mouth to be a question with sad
eyes. “Why? Why did you lie to us?”
Kiryu chose his words very carefully, not wanting a repeat of what happened earlier. “It depends on
what you mean by ‘lying’. For everything about me being undercover, yes, I lied. I apologize for
that. But the bonds I’ve made with each one of you. The respect I have for you as a student and
friend. Even if they started from an ulterior motive, I cherish them. And I want to protect this
town.”
“Kiryu, … do you know horrifying it is to hear that both your teachers are two of the biggest names
in the Tojo Clan. That my whole Family, no, that this whole town is about to go to war with them?”
She clenched her fist harshly. “That kidnapped my sister, and are doing God knows what to her
right now?!”
He wanted desperately to lower his head in shame, but he refused to not meet Mion’s eyes. “I
know, Mion. I came here to stop a war from happening. This is the worst-case scenario I’ve been
trying to avoid.”
“How can I trust you? How do I know you won’t betray us? I don’t think you’re a bad man, Kiryu.
But you have ties to some horrific people. You and Majima. Tell me why did you truly come to this
village?”
“The same reason you’re preparing to fight now. To protect your family and friends. I don’t want
my family out on the battlefield, possibly getting killed in an all out war. I don’t want to have to see
my sworn brother or father shot down. I want to help you fight off the Tojo.”
Unexpectedly, Mion’s eyes were the one quivering. She could act the part absolutely, but there was
still a young girl at the core of this Family. “It’s all too convenient, Kiryu. I… I want to trust you,
but I can’t.”
“I know, I understand. I couldn’t even tell you what’s happened to Majima. I haven’t been able to
get in contact with him, yet. Is there any way I can get you to trust me now?”
The coldness returned to Mion’s eyes. She reached below the desk and drew a gun. She turned the
safety off, and aimed it right at Kiryu. “Would you be willing to die to protect this town?”
Without missing a beat, Kiryu answered. “Yes, I would.”
“So you trust me enough to put your life in my hands? That’s quite bold to do for your enemy.”
“I’m not your enemy, Mion. I’m just your foolish teacher, who wish things had gone differently.”
“... You’re right. You are a fool. One that, perhaps, I should make an example of. Send your head
and a message to the Tojo, we aren’t playing around. I’ll be extra nice, and leave a hole in your
head for them to hang it on something.” Her finger was on the trigger, itching to pull it.
Kiryu didn’t even blink. “Do whatever you think is best for your Family, Mion. Just make sure you
aim to kill.”
A deafening silence filled the room.

*BANG*
A bullet had whizzed by Kiryu’s cheek, grazing it. The bullet had sunk into the thick, wooden wall.
A small cut had formed on Kiryu’s cheek. She hadn’t missed. No, what made Kiryu finally shaken
was the realization she had purposefully aimed to graze him. The two grunts burst into the room.
“Heir, are you ok?!”
“Leave, before I shoot you two!!”
The two men almost fell over escaping the room, not daring to enter again. Kiryu could now
breathe again. “Was that convincing enough for you?”
Mion stared back for a few seconds longer, sighed, and put down her gun. “Kiryu, have you been
having any weird dreams lately?”
“... No, why do you ask?”
“Truthfully speaking, the last few nights have been off for me. I’ve had, … well, I can’t ultimately
call them nightmares. But dreams of horrific things happening. I would try to help Satoko, and
she’d fall down the stairs, accidentally killing herself in my own home. Dreams of how I’d do
horrific things to cover it up. Of how you’d come and raid the family, and I had to fight you. But
the strangest of all is you being overwhelmingly kind and compassionate to me, despite my horrific
actions. I’ve had dreams telling more or less the same story since Wednesday, and it doesn’t make
any sense. I must sound crazy, what could it even mean, and why does it make me want to trust you
even now?”
Kiryu couldn’t reply. To Mion, he must have looked weirded out. In reality, Kiryu was shocked at
how well she remembered the events of the timeline, even if it was through dreams. “I… I don’t
know, Mion. But know this.” He bowed his head deeply, his forehead touching the table. “I will do
everything in my power to stop the Tojo. I will put the life on my line, and even fight old friends if
I have to. But I will protect this village. I swear it.”
“See, and that’s the thing, Kiryu. The other reason it was so unbelievable to me. I just don’t get it.
Why would you risk so much for this small town you’ve only become a part of recently? Even if
you hate the Tojo, I don’t grasp how you can so willingly put yourself in danger just for us.”
Well, there are A LOT of reasons, Mion. Half of them I can’t even explain. However… “Call it a
man’s pride. I messed up, and I’ll take responsibility. They can send a 100 or 1,000 men. I’ll bury
the whole damn clan, if I have too.”
Now it was Mion’s turn to have chills. Whether she wanted it or not, this man was on her side. A
steadfast ally, she could count on. It still wasn’t logical to rely on him so heavily and his word, but
somehow she knew it would be ok. A long pause passed. “I think it’s best for you to go home for
now, Kiryu. I can’t put into words how grateful I am for you helping us. We can talk in the morning
about what we’ll do next.”
“You’re not concerned about them attacking tonight?”
“It’s a six-hour drive from here to Kamurocho. Even the Tojo aren’t strong enough to raid us
without preparation. Try to get in contact with Majima, and we’ll make plans, tomorrow.”
For the first time that Saturday, Kiryu smiled. “Thank you, Mion.”

Mion’s face reflected Kiryu. “No, thank you, Kiryu. Thank you for being a crazy enough bastard to
do this.”
Kiryu was going to say something about her language, but now was hardly the time. “Before I go,
Mion. One more thing.”
“Yes?”
“I swear we will rescue your sister. And if they so much as touched a hair on her head, I’ll-”
“I know, Kiryu. We already have a vague idea where she is. We’re going to try to rescue her,
tomorrow.”
Kiryu paused, as something came to mind. “I may actually have some way to help with that. But
I’ll need to talk with him first.”
“I’ll take whatever I can get. Just… I pray, she is ok. I don’t know what I’d do, if they kill her.”
“She’ll be ok, Mion. We’ll rescue her. I have to go now, but I need you to know. Despite
everything, I am your friend and ally in this.”
“... Thank you, Kiryu. Just… thank you.”
~~~~
After a much less tense, but still on edge return down the stairs and out the Estate, Kiryu felt
himself breathing a sigh of relief. He quickly walked home. He felt sad he saw no signs of Rena,
and wanted to beat himself into a pulp over what had happened. Gotta stop thinking like that. Or
else, Rika will be the one to turn me into a pulp. I’m just lucky she was patient and forgiving with
me this time.
As he began to unlock his door, he heard the phone going off inside. Who could be calling at this
hour? He entered, and closed the door behind him, promptly picking up the phone. “Yello?
“It’s about damn time you picked up, Kiryu! Where the hell have you been?!”
Kiryu almost doubted his ears, hearing Majima on the other line. “Wuh?! Majima?! That’s my line!
Where the fuck have you been?!”
“That’s…! Actually, fair. But just shut it, ok! I don’t know how much time I have. You’d better sit
your ass down, and listen to this.”
There was a rare urgency in Majima’s voice, so Kiryu heeded his demands. “Speak away.” What
followed was Majima recapping what had happened last night. The interrogation session with
Teppei, how he knew nothing, how Shimano had appeared, and how Teppei had mentioned Angel
Mort. It was what he had feared the most, but that was becoming routine now.
“It sounds like they’re coming tomorrow night, Kiryu. I don’t know what you can do within that
time, but evacuate the civvies at least. Hinamizawa is about to become a battlefield.”
“I know, Majima. Enough about all that, can you rescue Shion?”

“... I was lucky to be able to sneak in this call. Maybe Shimano thinks I’m no threat now since he
already has his excuse to go to war. I’ve been able to take a few glances at Shion. She’s guarded
heavily, but is pretty much unharmed. They seriously think she’s the Heir. I don’t think I can rescue
her right now.”
“... What about if a group of Sonozaki’s best so happened to hit where you’re at tomorrow
morning?”
Kiryu couldn’t see Majima, but he could still sense the grin crossing Majima’s face. “Now there’s a
damn good plan, Kazzy.”

Chapter End Notes

I've drafted out most of the final arc. It's gonna be pretty different from the finale (or finales if
you consider Miotsukushi) of Higurashi, and not as long as other arcs. However, I think y'all
will love it. Ty for reading as always.

Chapter 44: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 12: It’s What’s On
The Inside That Counts
Chapter Notes

Fair warning, there is some graphic, disturbing imagery in this chapter. Theoretically, nothing
worse than what I've already written in this fic or that is present in Higurashi itself. But, I felt
it was appropriate to give a heads-up.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The Saturday sun would soon set over Hinamizawa. A tapestry of stars spread across the sky,
constellations in full view. The higurashi slowly falling away to a somber stillness that spread over
the town. But that was a few hours from now. For now, a mix of yellows and oranges spread across
the dam construction site. Small hills worth of discarded objects and garbage spread out along the
dump, the sun reflected off of various objects.
This was Rena’s home away from home, and really the only home she had right now. No one would
be there to welcome her. Possibly Rina would be, but she was terrified of the idea of seeing her
now. She was partially responsible for her partner’s death, and she wasn’t sure herself how she’d
act around Rina right now. So here she hid away. Crying only to herself, but at least comforted by
objects of familiarity and joy. Her little slice of Heaven, far away from the Hell that surrounded her.
She kept picking at parts of her body. Scabs, old cuts, her neck, etc. She kept telling herself to stop,
she knew this was bad for her. There is a saying that the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak. Her
spirit was poor, and her filthy flesh sought to consume itself. There was no Oyashiro to comfort her,
she had already called on the divine figure, pleading to help her. No response, and could she blame
the deity? Obviously, it would abandon her after everything she’s done. Perhaps it could forgive her
in time, but she deserved the loneliness she felt now.
She hugged a stuffed animal that was supposed to represent a bear, but resembled some mauled dog
now. There were holes with fluff sticking out in multiple areas. It mirrored the openings Rena had
created in her body. Who knows how many marks she had left on her body as a whole. What boy
could love the body of a girl like her? Ugly, filthy, rancid, diseased, dirtier than the pile of junk she
resided in.
Thoughts of self-deprecation and hatred swirled around in her mind. What would it be like to cut
open her own skull? Would there be anything inside, or would it just be a nest of bugs puppeteers
controlling her? Their antenna and limbs gouging her brain, feeding and tunneling inside it. She
dispelled the hideous imagery immediately, lest she make more of her filth visible, vomiting it out
and defiling her sacred place. Or maybe she should. This was her home, the outside should reflect
her insides.
That train of thought was interrupted by the sound of trash shuffling outside the van she was in.
Even in her current dire state, Rena’s instincts were present. Her nata was behind her, and she
reached back to grab it. It wasn’t impossible that the Tojo had somehow tracked her down. She
wouldn’t hesitate to slice open the face of any that dared to threaten her safety. She could already

envision the nata inches deep cutting vertically along the face of one of them. Their eyes bursting
out at an odd angle, ruined sunglasses barely hanging on, blood and brains leaking out on to her
nata.
“Renaaaa?! Are you around here?!!” Rena froze. “Keiichi?” She whispered to herself. “Rena,
please if you’re here, say something! It’s just me, Keiichi! Sorry, everyone else is dealing with
stuff, but I wanted to come check on you! I know you like to hang around here! Are you here,
hello?!”
She stayed as still as a statue. Truthfully, she was incredibly grateful Keiichi was here. If she could
turn to anyone, it would be him. They were in the same situation in her mind. But for him to see her
secret place and for her to be in this state? For her to reveal she was partially responsible for his
father getting shot? Would he so willingly accept her after everything? … Did she have a choice?
The flesh desired to keep her down, stripped of any happiness. But if anyone could raise her spirits,
it would be Keiichi. He continued to call out for her, and in a hope for desperate salvation, she
answered. “Keiichi?!”
She heard the footsteps pause, and then continue towards her. “Rena, is that you?! Where are you?!
Speak up, I can’t find you if… you… “ Now it was Keiichi’s turn to be unsure how to act. He had
found Rena, sitting all by herself in this van. Dried blood had stained her clothes and fingernails,
and it looked like she had made a cut along her neck. Her cheeks were stained with tears, and were
about to be stained with more as Rena’s eyes watered.
Even if he was at a loss for words, there was obviously a friend in need. He carefully opened the
door, and slowly sat down next to Rena in the van. “Are you ok, Rena?”
“... No,” she answered, holding back sobs.
“Er, sorry, it’s clear you’re not ok. That was insensitive of me to ask. … Can I help in any way?”
Rena didn’t answer, a downcast gaze being the only reply he got. “Is… is this about our dads?”
Rena tensed up, confirming Keiichi’s suspicions. He looked away outside the window, all sorts of
junk encompassing his vision. ‘Magician of Words’ he may be, but it would take more than a
simple magic trick to say the right thing to Rena now. If there even was a right thing to say in this
situation. His father was conscious, and would hopefully recover soon. But what about Rena’s?
Would her father wake up, was their situation even remotely the same?
“Rena, I… “ Rena slightly looked up, as his voice trailed off. He sighed, and faced her again. “For
once, I don’t know what to say in this scenario. I want to help, but I don’t know how. All I can say
is that if you need a friend to rely on, I’m here. I’ll listen to whatever you have to say. We all will,
but for now allow me to just sit by you as your pal. I won’t ask you to say anything. Just talk
whenever you’re ready. I’ll wait the whole night, if I need to.”
“... Won’t your parents get worried?”
Keiichi gave a reassuring grin. “I think my mom has her hands full with Dad as is. And I can
always just explain later. Trust me, it’s not a problem.”
Rena gazed away, returning to her view of the van’s floor. “I wouldn’t even know where to begin,
Keiichi.”

“Then think about it, or don’t. We have time either way. I’ll just sit here till you’re ready.”
“You’re ok with that?”
“Well, duh! What are friends for?”
Rena’s head lowered even more, fresh tears forming. “... Even if I might be responsible for what’s
happened.”
Keiichi couldn’t even think of how Rena could be at fault. Whatever it was, she was probably being
way harsher on herself than she needed to be. “Even if that’s true, I’ll hear you out.”
Rena didn’t reply. In fact, neither of the two said anything for some time. Keiichi kept his promise,
and kept silent gazing out into the junkyard, occasionally stealing a momentary glance at Rena.
Maybe ten minutes passed before Rena finally spoke up. “I… I need to tell you what’s happened.
It’s a long story, but I don’t know who else to tell.”
Keiichi perked up. “Uh, go for it! Like I said, we have time.”
Rena took a couple deep breaths. And then, she began. She explained the truth behind Kiryu and
Majima, the plan they had come up with, what had happened last night, her fight with Kiryu, what
had possibly happened as a result of all this. It was a long confession, occasionally broken up by
sniffles and pauses. By the time Rena finished, Keiichi was still trying to wrap his head around the
whole ordeal. Forget being a magician, he’d require an entire council of wizards to make heads or
tails of this. But it was just him alone, so he’d have to do his best.
“I just don’t know what to do, Keiichi.” She faced Keiichi, distraught and hopeless. “Because of
me, our fathers have been shot, and the Tojo could come invade any time now! W-what do I even
do?! What if they come back and kill your dad and mine?! What if they kill us and our friends?!
I’m scared, Keiichi! I don’t want to die! I don’t want our friends to-”
“Woah, Rena! Rena! That’s not going to happen! Calm down!” The words weren’t as elegant as
he’d like, but it was the best thing he could think of right now. “I get it, you’re terrified! I’m scared,
too! But getting wound up like this isn’t going to do anything! We need to talk to the others, make a
plan of action, and figure out what we’re going to do! And… I’m still trying to process everything
you’ve told me, but you’re making a lot of assumptions here! I don’t think it’s you or Kiryu or
Majima’s fault! It wasn’t maybe the best idea, but… you… “
As he was now grasping the full picture, he understood it was probably the best thing they could
have gone for. And it was just a tragic coincidence their dads had gotten caught up in it. He wasn’t
going to blame anyone but the Tojo for that. How could he? They were the demons that had created
this mess. However, the results were dire and now was not the time to worry about assigning
blame.
He shook his head, the words he needed arriving. “We can talk about who’s at fault later. That
doesn’t matter now. We need to protect our friends and family. I… I don’t know how, but we need
to start somewhere. I have your back, Rena. Trust me as your friend, we can get through this. We
can do this together, no one can beat us when we work together!”
He grasped Rena’s hand and leaned in close. “Please, don’t give up and trust in me and your
friends.” A resolute look was in his eyes. His magic had worked. Rena was enamored with Keiichi.
His unwavering determination, his strong but gentle hand holding hers, his beautiful eyes, his

handsome face maybe a little too close. The two blushed almost exactly at the same time, and
leaned back, with Keiichi letting go. “S-sorry! I didn’t mean to get so close!”
“N-No! It’s fine! Rena didn’t mind! I didn’t, really!” Rena stammered out. The two rapidly looked
away, lest they die of embarrassment. Eventually, Keiichi forcefully coughed. “Soooo, are you
feeling any better now?”
“Y-yes! I… I am. Thank you, Keiichi.” She still felt plenty nervous and guilty, but Keiichi’s words
had lifted a great burden off her mind. “Thank you for coming out here, Keiichi. I really needed to
hear what you had to say. I’m going to go home and patch myself up.”
“I wasn’t sure if it was appropriate to bring it up, but are you ok physically?”
Rena hesitated to answer, but nodded her head. “It’s a… bad habit. Don’t worry about it, I’ll be
fine! I will!” Rena said as convincingly as she could.
“A-alright, if you say so.” There was still an air of awkwardness between the two. It was almost
always the whole club together, or at least three people. To be this close in a confined space all
alone. It felt almost unbearable for the two teenagers still sorting out their feelings. Keiichi would
be the first to crack under the silence. “W-welp! I’d better get going! Do you need someone to walk
you home, Rena?” It would still be just the two of them, but at least the two walking home was a
familiar activity and a lot less cramped.
“I’ll stay a little longer, Keiichi. Um, can you promise to keep all of this a secret?”
“Oh, this hiding spot of yours? Sure, I don’t mind. It will be our little secret.” Keiichi said with a
wink that made Rena’s heart flutter momentarily.
Unfortunately, he had also completely misinterpreted what Rena meant. “I-I mean everything with
Kiryu and Majima…”
Keiichi’s face became solemn, a grave reminder of what would soon come. “Right, we can cross
that bridge when we come to it. For now, let’s meet up with everyone in the morning. Don’t stay
out here too long, you won’t have any light soon.”
Rena nodded her head. Keiichi gently opened the door. As he left, he waved and then carefully
stepped down and through the sea of junk before him. Rena sat there on her throne, the queen of the
dump, surveying her surroundings. She watched Keiichi with eagle eyes, as he eventually
disappeared out of sight. Darkness was creeping in, and light would soon leave her kingdom.
She wordlessly exited the van, walked over to a nearby abandoned suitcase, and opened it up.
Around her kingdom, she walked. Even with light fading, she knew every little detail of this dump.
It was her land, and within it were her possessions. You could find anything and everything
abandoned. Humans are temporarily alive creatures, and the objects they possess live a fraction of
that time before being discarded.
But new life can be breathed into an object. It just requires someone to love and cherish it. And
Rena cherished every single little object in this dump. Many of them she had added herself. They
were like her children, the residents of this land she ruled over. It was time to defend that land, and
some sacrifices might need to be made to do so. She was saddened at the idea of losing some of her
citizens, but they were born for such a task. That was always their role in life.

As she finished packing her supplies, a resolute look could be found on her face. You’re right,
Keiichi. It’s time to act. I won’t let the Tojo defile my happiness, no matter what.
~~~~
As the sun began to take cover behind the many hills surrounding Hinimizawa, Keiichi found
himself troubled with many thoughts as he walked home. He was only now truly starting to grasp
everything Rena had said. The gravity of the situation. The truth behind Kiryu and Majima. His
mind flashed back to the conversation he had with them. It felt blatantly obvious in hindsight, but
was the eye patch not a red flag? Had he had not joked with the rest of the club that the two looked
like sworn yakuza brothers?
And there was something harrowing the way Rena had described her argument with Kiryu. The
way he had somehow known Rena was considering doing something awful. It scratched at
something primal in his brain. He had had dreams, no nightmares about Teppei. He didn’t even
know the man all that much, apart from his history with Satoko and Satoshi. And yet, he had
experienced disturbingly realistic dreams about the man.
Of him returning home and abusing Satoko again. The despondent, almost corpse-like state it put
the poor girl in. How he would desperately search for any answer to save Satoko. How he would
always land on killing the bastard that did that to her. There was a scene all too familiar to him. A
bat in hand, as he chased down the man as he pathetically cried out for help.
It was ridiculous, the man deserved no mercy, no help. As horrifically as he had abused Satoko, a
child? Could such a man even acquire forgiveness for hurting her? For hurting his friend? Not to
Keiichi Maebara. Down came the bat on to his head. His blond hair stained red with congealed
blood. His skull malformed, shaped into something like a cracked egg.
No, that was right. The bat wasn’t coming down on his head, it was scraping through to the inside.
Believe it or not, there was a human brain beneath that fractured skull. There was something human
in that flesh sack pretending to be one. I mean, it made sense it must’ve been some creature
wearing the skin of a human. A being that had mimicked the brain of a human, or had stolen one
and transplanted it into its head. A demon! That could be the only explanation for how horrific that
‘man’ was. He was just a demon that had forsaken any humanity he had pretended to have. Quite a
wonderful disguise it had created for itself.
It’s not like he was a demon as well. It’s not like he had repeated nightmares of bashing in the
skulls of his own friends. Mion’s body mangled in a twisted mess. Rena’s eyes forced out from her
own cranium, pushing them out of the sockets. Crimson blood everywhere, soaking him and the
room he was in. Clawing out his throat and severing his own vocal cords as he confessed to Ooishi.
No, that was ridiculous. He’d never cause the entire village to be wiped out. He couldn’t just wish
into existence the deaths of people like a devil. It was a delusion, that he had killed Takano, Irie, the
whole damn village including the person he was trying to save. Speaking into reality, an entire
genocide? Absolute malarkey.
No, he could never be a demon. He could never hurt others. What happened to those young girls,
those actions he took were something he had gotten rid of, his old sinful self. He was human now,
he had to be! All those blood-curdling nightmares were still just dreams! They had to be, what the
hell else could they be, if not?! Killing that waste of space, that monster mimicking a homo sapien.
Mocking our species with his very existence. He was just a cockroach that didn’t even count as

anything to be killed. In the end, he was a righteous hero, slaying a demon. Nothing more, nothing
less.
…
…
Keiichi felt like he was going to throw up. His blood ran cold, and yet his whole body felt sweaty.
His stomach howled, growled, and finally it roared. Stomach acid and his lunch lurched from inside
him, out into the grass. It came, and refused to stop coming. Eventually, there was nothing but
spittle and half-digested food bits dripping from his mouth. He collapsed to the ground, laying on
his back next to the mess he had made, thankfully having not fallen into it.
He stared at the sky above. There was the faint appearance of stars as the orange would shift from a
dark blue to black. The smell was awful enough, he forced himself up, and kept walking despite
feeling dizzy. In some ways, he was astonished he had kept himself together with Rena. Was he
better at keeping his composure than he thought, or had his brain delayed fully understanding
Rena’s confession, lest this had happened?
Truthfully, he didn’t care if Kiryu and Majima were secretly yakuza or ex-yakuza or whatever.
They were trying to project the village, they were on his side. No, what truly disturbed him to his
very core. He would have done the exact same as Rena, if he were in her position. He would have
gone along with the two yakuza’s plan.
But that’s fine, right?! How could he ever blame Rena? No one was at fault, they were unified for a
just cause. There was nothing monstrous or demonic about it, they had gone to slay the beast. He
would have happily joined them. A party of four on a virtuous mission, it was like a fairy tale from
old. And yet, he had missed such a chance. Oh, well! There was always next time! They should
have invited him in the first place, but that’s life!
He wasn’t a demon. He was a human, he was just a normal 14-year-old boy wanting to spend time
with his friends over the summer making happy memories. Nothing was going wrong, even this
stuff with his father would pass, and he was sure Rena’s would wake up soon. Keiichi Maebara was
just a regular kid that wanted to create a normal life, cherishing it and his friends.
He could never turn into a demon and kill them, kill the entire village, kill himself in the end. Did
someone need proof? He’d happily provide it. He’d break open his own skull, show the whole
world his brain was that of a human. Tear out his very soul to prove he wasn’t some husk passing
as a man. There was nothing demonic about him in the slightest. He was just an everyday guy, a
normal boy in school.
… So why the hell did he keep hearing the footsteps of a demon behind him?

Chapter End Notes

I'm sorry y'all, I gotta confess something. When I posted chapter 8 of this arc, I forgot to
mention the thing that even got me back into writing this fic after... jeez around 6-7 months of

just not touching it. If you've at all looked at the ao3 section for Higurashi or Umineko
recently, you've probs seen a certain fic regularly get updated.
I gotta give a shout out to "The Witch’s Homecoming" by The_Professional_BIG. I'll link it at
the end of this paragraph, but it's been a fantastic read. I feel like I know these characters
pretty well and can write them well (hopefully lol), but I am consistently astonished at the way
this guy writes these characters and finds new connections, parallels, etc., that I've not ever
thought of before. It truly feels close to something Ryu would write himself, and that's the
biggest praise I can give the fic. If you've read both Higu and Umi, and love Rika and
Bernkastel as much as I do, please give it a shot: https://archiveofourown.org/works/69148476

Also, it wasn't entirely intentional, but I like how this chapter mirrors the previous one.

Chapter 45: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 13: Rescue and
Repayment
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The morning of Watanagashi had come. Tonight, there would be a grand festival. And also possibly
a night of bloodshed, as both the residents of Hinamizawa and Okinomiya feared another duo
added to the death tally. There would be far more corpses tonight than just two, if things didn’t
change soon. Majima sat in a chair in the corner, his futon sloppily laid out next to him. He hadn’t
gotten much sleep, but that was fine. He was too pissed off to care about missing some rest.
The clock in the corner of his room continued to tick down. It was a little past 7 in the morning, and
he had been up since 6. Any time now, a bunch of Sonozaki men would raid this place, and he’d
spring into action, or at least that was the plan. When they said tomorrow morning, he assumed
they’d appear while most of the remaining Tojo here were asleep or just waking up. By now,
practically all the grunts were up and about.
Were these Sonozaki boys not professionals, or was this a part of the plan? Had something awful
happened, and the plan fell through, leaving him and Shion alone without any help? All he could do
was speculate, hoping any moment he’d hear the chaos out there. But no, all the company he had
was his knife. He looked down at it, his reflection staring back at him.
They had already removed the phone from his room, realizing they had made a stupid mistake. A
couple of the younger and dumber grunts had threatened to take his knife away too, but a quick
beatdown sorted that out real quick. At least, everyone else here were wise enough not to mess with
him. Unfortunately, that also came with the requirement he didn’t do anything dumb himself. Lest,
he put both himself and Shion in danger.
He bolted right up, hearing some grunts yelling. A blasting noise that sounded like a shotgun went
off, a door falling to the ground as a dozen gunshots were suddenly heard. This was the perfect
distraction he needed. He cautiously crept to the door and put his ear to it. Closing his eyes, he
could sense the two guards had left. He opened the door slowly, not wanting to get hit by a random
bullet, much less friendly fire.
He peeked outside the door, only to immediately retract his head and fall to the ground, seeing a
corpse fall in front of him riddled with bullet holes. His knife was held ready, as the unmistakable
sound of a shotgun had gone off. He moved to one corner of the room away from the door. Instincts
were telling him to not make any sudden moves, that this was probably an ally. It didn’t make him
feel any less on edge.
The door came crashing down as the shooter kicked it open. Every muscle in Majima’s body tensed
as he was now face to face with the firing end of the shotgun. The man using it was tall with
sunglasses, short hair, and a well-trimmed beard. The two stared at each other, as he slightly
lowered his shotgun. “Goro Majima?”
Majima gave a strained smile in response. “The one and only. Thought I was about to get caught in
the crossfire myself for a second there. Your name?”

“Kasai… you can put the damn knife down, I’m not gonna shoot you.”
“And I won’t gut you like a fish, so don’t worry about it.”
There was a slight tension between the two, but Majima eventually lowered his knife. “I was
wondering when the hell you guys would show up. Is Shion ok?”
“Other than scaring the poor girl half to death, she seems fine.”
Majima cracked a smile. “Oh yeah, you’re her bodyguard or something, right?”
Kasai became unusually quiet. “Yes, this was a side of myself I was hoping to never show her,
but… it is my job.”
Majima’s smile vanished as he took a glance at the man lying in his own puddle of blood near the
entryway. “You can figure out her and your feelings later. Let’s get out of here.”
Kasai nodded, as the two men exited the room. Only now did Majima really get a chance to see the
carnage that had unfolded. He felt himself grimacing, but he couldn’t hide it. It was mostly
Shimano’s men that had been standing guard here, but a few of his own had ended up in the
massacre. The man below him was one of them. He wasn’t particularly close to any of his men, but
he strived to treat them well. There was a bitter pit in his stomach seeing a face he had known for a
year now battered and bloody.
It was just how things were in the Yakuza. You could have a Family of 100 men one day, and none
the next. That was the cruel, merciless world he had made his home in. No matter what it took, he
accepted he would stay in this batshit insanity for the chance to see his sworn brother again. He
could act as crazy and wild as he wanted, but even his mask had to slip rarely. It’s not like he had
killed them, but it didn’t make him feel any less grimy.
What is my fucking problem? I tell the guy to figure his feelings out later, and here I am getting
frustrated over a couple fresh corpses. Suddenly, he saw a man behind Kasai at the end of the
hallway. One they had missed, with a gun raised. “Die, you bastard!” Before Kasai could react,
Majima charged forward. The gun went off, Majima parrying the bullet with his knife. As the man
was briefly stunned, Majima threw his knife. It impaled the grunt right in the center of the man’s
forehead. He dropped the gun, and crumpled to the ground.
Kasai stood there in disbelief. This man he wasn’t sure if he could even trust had just saved his life
acting instantly. There wasn’t a moment of hesitation in his actions, and that regardless of the moral
nature of it all, he could begrudgingly respect the fact both of them were quite good at their jobs.
That and the fact he would have been a cold body on the floor otherwise.
“... Thank you, Majima. I-”
“Shut up.”
Kasai heeded Majima’s request as the two men stood in silence for a few seconds before Majima
retrieved his knife from the man’s skull. After that, Majima faced Kasai. “Let’s get Shion back
home.”
Kasai nodded his head. “Agreed.”

The two walked back to the main room, with Shion having been untied and standing, if
understandably shaken. “W-what the hell just happened? Kasai, are you ok?”
“I’m fine, Miss. I’m more concerned about getting you out of here before more people show up.”
“R-right!” Shion agreed. She glanced at Majima. She was vaguely familiar with the fact this was
Kiryu’s friend, so what was he doing here? A question that could be answered later as both him and
Kasai hurried Shion along. As they got into a long black car, they could vaguely hear sirens in the
distance. “Step on it,” Kasai ordered the grunt driving. And with that, they escaped the scene.
~~~~
It had been a rough morning for Mion. She had put together some of her best men along with Kasai
to go rescue Shion, not even having the time to worry about her sister with the looming crisis.
Kiryu had arrived bright and early, even earlier than Mion had woken up. It was clear where his
loyalty lie, and she very much needed someone like him, she could rely on right now.
The two had been starting at a map of Hinamizawa for a few hours now discussing their plan. They
were inside the room they had met in yesterday, a higher up Sonozaki occasionally popping in to
clarify orders. The scene resembled a commander and a strategist planning the best course of
action, and in a sense that was true. They were preparing for war.
The Sonozaki Family had around 150 men in total. While Kiryu and Mion discussed their game
plan, Oryou was busy handling the evacuation. She had already started by ordering men to redirect
tourists, go door to door and have residents evacuate, set up barriers to entryways, etc. An
uncomfortable but stern conversation was had with Ooishi. The Sonozaki and police would have to
form a temporary truce and work together on this.
In the end, Hinamizawa was a tiny town in the rural hill country of Japan. This was a threat of
unprecedented level, and differences needed to be put aside for everyone’s sake. In the area of
strategizing, Kiryu found himself lacking. In contrast, Mion’s military training she had engaged in
abroad made her a perfect fit. This was her home turf, and she would do everything in her power to
protect it.
Instead, Kiryu’s role was to give as much information he knew about the Tojo. Key players and the
weapons they may have, tactics they might utilize. There wasn’t a week that had gone by that the
memories of his time with the Empty Lot Incident didn’t manifest in one way or another. He full
well knew what the Tojo were capable of, and things could turn nasty real quick.
There was one main road into Hinamizawa, but also various back ways or side routes if the Tojo
really wanted to get creative. It seemed like an impossible task to successfully defend every avenue
of entry. There was also the prospect of how many men the Tojo would be willing to send. With it
being a 6-hour trip from Kamurocho and the dangers of entering enemy territory, Kiryu estimated
they might have a conservative amount of 200 men, but 250 or more was well possible.
The fate of the entire village was in the hands of these two. No pressure, of course. A knock on the
door finally broke their concentration. “Come in!” Mion ordered. To her shock and relief, it was
Kasai. Shion sheepishly stepped inside. “Hi Sis, it’s been a minute.”
Mion dropped and ran over to embrace her sister. There were already fresh tears in her eyes.
“Shion, what the hell did you think you were doing?!”

Shion softly smiled and hugged her back. “You’ve always been the one to take the burden.
Someone has to look out for my busybody of a sister.”
“Never do this again! I don’t care if you were trying to protect me, I don’t know what I’d do with
myself if something happened to you!”
“Hey, I’m fine! They didn’t touch a hair on my head. I really had them fooled, they were none the
wiser.”
Mion let go, staring at Shion with an intense look, but could only sigh. “I know I’m maybe the
more hot-blooded between us two, but you are WAY more impulsive than me. They… they could
have done something horrific to you, Shion.”
“Oh, I know. They were fast learners, when a bit off the finger of one of the guys that tried to touch
me. They should be glad it wasn’t something lower on their body.” She stated this with the sweetest
smile in the world and the most elegant voice. Both Kiryu and Kasai got chills, and even Mion had
to do a double take. “... You’re definitely still the scariest. Anyway, I’m just so happy you’re safe.”
“I’m happy you’re ok, too Sis. Though, learn to worry a little less.”
“When you stop putting yourself in dangerous situations, then sure.”
A man behind Kasai cleared his throat loudly. Kiryu looked behind, and a wave of solace washed
over him. “You made it back in one piece, Majima.”
“Kiryu, do you have some time? We need to have a talk.” Kiryu went to ask Mion, but she already
nodded her head. With confirmation, Kiryu exited the room following Majima to the backyard of
the Estate. Majima let out a long sigh. “You wouldn’t happen to have a Seven Stars on you, would
ya?”
“Only a couple Cabin Kings.”
“Figures. Just hand one over, I won’t complain about it.” Kiryu brought out one for Majima, and
one for himself. He brought a pocket lighter setting both ablaze. Anything to take off some stress.
Majima tapped his, some ashes falling to the ground. “Hindsight really can be a bitch.”
“... Yeah, yesterday wasn’t pleasant for me, either.”
“ You can probably guess how it went for me. Want to try?”
Kiryu threw out his theory, which only made Majima chuckle at how accurate it was. “Yeah, I
fucked up pretty badly.” He stated with a self-deprecating smile.
“We all three screwed up, Majima. Now it’s our job to clean up our mess.”
“Hey, I wouldn’t include Rena in this. She’s just a kid. We were the ones that did the dirty work.”
“... Yeah, that’s the adult and mature way of looking at it. Something, I messed up on.”
Majima raised an eyebrow. “Fill me in. I can see you’re making plans with the Sonozakis. And I
heard about Rena and Keiichi’s fathers getting shot. Sucks shit, but not our greatest concern at the
moment. Did something happen between you and Rena?”

Kiryu reluctantly recalled the fight he had with Rena. Majima was astounded to hear it. “Goddamn
Kazzy, you really said all that?!” Majima let out a long breath of disbelief, almost laughing. “We’re
both having a pretty ugly weekend.” Finishing his smoke break, he chucked the remnants into a
nearby trashcan. Kiryu did the same a few seconds later. “So, what now?” Majima asked, now
facing Kiryu.
“I don’t know. I mean, I sort of know. We could just selfishly leave this fragment through drastic
methods, but that doesn’t sit right with me. If we can prevent a catastrophe from happening in this
fragment, I think that’s the right thing to do. I’m not quite sure what Rika and Hanyuu are up to, but
they’re probably helping with the evacuation, if I had to take a guess.”
“Satoko?”
“Probably with Rika. I don’t want her or any of the kids anywhere near here when the fighting
starts. It’s going to be hell out there. Ideally, I’d rather Mion not be here either, but she’s leading the
defense, so that’s a no-go.”
“And for Keiichi and Rena?”
Kiryu shook his head. “Mion has said to report if anyone sees them, but no sign of them, yet. I’m
really worried about them. I know what Rena has done in previous loops. If she tries to pull
something like that here, … it could end with a lot of people dying tonight. Keiichi is a bit of a wild
card, but I would hope he doesn’t do anything drastic.”
“And for Majima?”
“Oh, for Majima we-” Kiryu cut himself off, realizing he had been tricked. He gave a disapproving
glare. “This is hardly the time, Majima.”
“I’m serious, Kiryu. In fact, I don’t know if I have anything I can do for you. Not with that bald
fuck breathing down my neck.”
Kiryu wanted to say that was unfair, but he knew what bound Majima. Majima was now facing
Kiryu with maybe the most serious expression Kiryu had ever seen him have. “I’m going to tell
you something I’ve never told anyone else, Kiryu. You want to know the reason I’m always trying
to fight you, always up to ‘some bullshit’ as you’ve named it.”
Kiryu furrowed his brow, wondering where this was going. “Yeah, what about it? I always just
assumed it was your way of entertaining yourself.”
“Partially, yes. But that wasn’t the true reason. Kiryu, I don’t think you realize just how strong of a
man you are. Call it a gut feeling, but I KNOW people like you always end up getting into trouble
somehow. Often major trouble. All the crap I put you through, I wanted you to stay active and
strong. Be ready for anything and everything.”
His voice got lower as there was almost a sentimental look in his eye. “It was my way of repaying
you for saving Makoto.”
Kiryu froze speechless. He was so used to the high-energy clown that Majima normally was. He
had known it was a bit of an act, that there was something far more serious underneath. But this
was the real Majima, no mask, as sincere as he could be. “I… I don’t know what to say.”

“It’s not like I was planning for THIS. But even if I can’t directly help you. Even if the best course
of action might be just leaving the damn town and not coming back till this clears over, so I don’t
get in the way. I hope at least I’ve prepared you for an event like this. That you’re as strong, if not
stronger, than five years ago. I know you can do this, Kiryu. Don’t hesitate, don’t look back, just
rush in there, like the big, impulsive meathead you are.”
Kiryu felt touched. The gates of Hades were about to open, but now Kiryu felt like he could handle
whatever was behind them. “I… really had no idea you were doing all that for me.”
Majima’s cheeks inflated, holding back a laugh. “I’m not that generous. I also do it because you’re
easy as hell to mess with.”
Kiryu’s smile fell, and he could only sigh. “There’s always has to be some catch with you.”
“Look man! It’s painful being this transparent! Take it for what it’s worth, you won’t see it again
for a long time!” Majima was back to having his usual grin.
“Kiryu, bad news!” Hanyuu announced appearing out of nowhere.
“Woah, Hanyuu! What are you doing here?!” Kiryu questioned. Majima’s heart had skipped a beat,
but he didn’t say anything beyond grumbling under his breath.
“There’s some other stuff, but this is the most pressing news. Takano is back, and she’s trying to
skip town!”
The two stared wide-eyed at Hanyuu, looked at each other, and then gazed back at Hanyuu. Both
men glowered, Kiryu forming a fist. “Then I say let’s go see her off before she disappears.”
“Agreed,” Majima replied.
Hanyuu gulped. “Au au au, I know you’re not as forgiving of her as Rika, but please don’t seriously
hurt her.”
“We won’t,” Kiryu reassured. “But we definitely need to have a long talk with her”

Chapter End Notes

Have I ever mentioned that besides Rika, Shion is my favorite Higurashi character?

Chapter 46: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 14: Calm Before the
Storm
Takano was gathering her things in the clinic. She was frantic, sorting through cabinets and
containers, nearly knocking over numerous glasses. Her suitcase was rapidly packed, as she cursed
under her breath. Damned Tojo, what the hell happened within the last few days for negotiations to
fall through?! I thought they reached an agreement with Tokyo, but I guess not! Useless pieces of
garbage! Nomura better have a good explanation for all this!
Finally, having sorted her stuff together, she exited out the back door. There was no time to destroy
evidence, she just needed to take the most important stuff with her, before those barbarians turned
this entire town to ash. She was about to enter a back road surrounded by the forest and hills, but
she froze hearing a voice behind her. “And where do you think you’re going?”
She whirled around drawing her gun and was aiming to fire. Kiryu grabbed the gun along with her
hand, and stopped an elbow inches from her face. He clicked his tongue, and wrenched the gun out
of Takano’s hand forcefully. It had happened in a matter of seconds, and Takano was left
dumbfounded. “W-what the hell are you doing here?!”
“We’ll be the one asking questions, lady.” An equally deep and threatening voice spoke behind her.
She began to turn, but stopped realizing there was a knife at her throat. “Don’t move. We don’t
want any of your pals getting any ideas.”
Kiryu himself perked up and aimed his stolen gun, realizing they were surrounded by some half a
dozen Mountain Dogs. Four with guns drawn, and two with knives ready. They had blended into
the surrounding environment with ease, and were apparently waiting for Takano to return and help
her leave. Before these two showed up, and plans had to change swiftly.
There was an intense standoff as everyone looked around, unsure of what next action to take.
Takano was calming herself down, and put on a sly grin. “I’d suggest letting me go, if you don’t
want to be full of holes.” Majima slightly pressed his knife against her skin. Not enough to draw
blood, but as a healthy reminder of her current predicament. She gritted her teeth, but tried to retain
her faux bravery. “You don’t scare me, dog of the Tojo! If you actual morons never sent those men
here, none of this would have happened!”
“You seem frustrated, Takano.” Kiryu commented, continuously shifting his gaze around to the six
Dogs. “We just wanted to have a nice chat. Get a few answers.” He briefly glanced at her. “What
the hell is your involvement with those two men, anyway? That’s what we really want to know.”
“The Tojo didn’t believe me. Why the hell should I think you would?”
A muffled noise of anger came from Kiryu’s throat. He kept his lips sealed for a few seconds
before answering. “Because, as much as I’d want to put your crazy ass behind bars, we have bigger
problems at the moment. One that affects us both. Sorry to make you a hostage, but you’re not
exactly trustworthy.”
Takano’s mind was racing with questions as to how they had even figured out she was here and her
involvement. Maybe someone in the Tojo had leaked the info to these two, but they had intercepted

her with almost too perfect timing. Her questions would have to wait. She was curious about
Kiryu’s implication. “Are you not with the Tojo?”
“... I’m just an ex-Yakuza trying to prevent war from happening here and protect both my friends
and family remaining in the Tojo and the people here I’ve grown fond of.”
A slight smile crossed Takano’s lips. “Well, aren’t you a hero? Doesn’t explain why you have me
trapped in this predicament.”
“Like I said, this all started with the death of those two men. I’ve been trying to figure out what the
hell happened to them, and I’m out of leads. At this point, I don’t care if you killed them or not. I
just need some damned answers. And after that hopefully, we can all leave this alive.”
Takano furrowed her brow. “I answer your questions, and you’ll let me go? Just like that?”
“I have to agree, Kazzy. You might not get a chance like this again. You sure you want to let her
go? This psycho bitch can still betray us.” Majima inquired.
Kiryu scowled, but eventually sighed. “I hate the idea as much as you do, but we’re outnumbered
as is. And I get the feeling, she wants to leave as soon as possible.”
“Your friend does have a point,” Takano added with an evil grin. “The moment you let me go,
they’ll just light you up.”
“Not before I slash your throat open.” Majima hissed into her ear. “Try me.”
Takano gulped. This man meant the threat sincerely, and could easily follow up on it. Some more
tense seconds passed, as she eventually sighed. “Stand down,” she reluctantly ordered. The men
glanced at one another, and slowly lowered their guns. “The hell do you want to know so badly?”
Kiryu breathed a sigh of relief, but kept his gun drawn, eyes focused on his enemies. “Just answer
this. Do you know what the hell happened to those two yakuza? Did you kill them or not?”
“Of course not! Ever since those two got murdered, it’s been the biggest thorn in my side. Having
to deal with you ruffian yakuza. Maybe the Sonozakis did it. Or maybe the Tojo did it themselves.
I’ve been sick of hearing about it for the last few weeks, and I never want to hear about it again.”
Kiryu briefly furrowed his brow. The Tojo?
“Sooo sorry you couldn’t go on your little killing spree.” Majima growled sarcastically. “Consider
yourself lucky I’m not slitting your throat right now. I’m still half-tempted to do it.” Takano’s face
paled. This man’s bloodlust wasn’t sane. She wasn’t one to speak, but still.
“Let her go, Majima. We have what we need.” Majima frowned at Kiryu, but slowly withdrew his
knife. Takano scurried away. A few of her Dogs muffled a laugh at how pathetic she looked doing
it. Takano responded with a look that could kill, silencing them immediately. She stared back at
Majima and Kiryu with as much dignity as she could muster. “It’s been fun having a chat. I hope I
hear tomorrow morning you two were found dead.”
“Understandable, and hopefully I get to hear you were found in a ditch with a bullet through your
head.” Majima countered.

Takano winced, that possibility low, but not zero. “Don’t antagonize her, Majima. Just let her go.”
Kiryu ordered.
Takano and her men stared them down as they slowly backed into the trees behind them. Takano
was the last they saw, but before she disappeared she gave one final message. “There’s a traitor in
the Tojo, Kiryu Kazuma. I don’t know who, but even if you do survive this war, don’t think you’ll
be safe.”
Kiryu opened his mouth to demand what Takano meant, but she vanished before he could ask.
Majima just found himself puzzled. “The hell was she talking about?”
Kiryu was perhaps even more stumped. Takano’s suggestion that perhaps the Tojo themselves did it
crossed his mind. But wouldn’t it make more sense for maybe Tokyo to do it? It’s not like Takano
knows what they’re always up to, she’s just a tool to them. … But if it was someone from the Tojo,
who and why would they do this?
“What’s rattling around in your noggin?”
Majima’s question brought Kiryu out of his brainstorming session. “Just… I don’t know. I was
wondering if maybe she was right about the Tojo killing their own.”
Majima’s eye sharpened. “You’re letting her words screw with you, Kazzy! You can’t trust a word
out of that snake’s mouth! You were the one that told me she was willing to kill every soul in this
village!”
“Quiet down, I know! It’s not like I trust her, but still. It’s a fair question. I’m leaning towards it
being Tokyo now, but truthfully where we do go from here?”
Majima sighed, and scratched the back of his head. “YOU already know. You just have to fight and
protect this village. I have to figure out a way to both be here in the fight and potentially slip out
unnoticed. Assuming I even can.”
“Oh, um, do what they just did? Soon?”
“I can’t, I need to actually be there. It will look weird as hell if I’m not. Also, I’m sure the Tojo will
have some men patrolling around these side and back roads. All the action will be taking place in
the village itself, and I’m sure someone would mention it to Shimano. I can’t just pull my rank
here. I’d have to slip out completely unseen.”
“That’s true. And you stick out like a sore thumb as per usual.”
Majima scoffed. “Excuuuuse me for not bringing some camouflage outfit or whatever the fuck they
use in the military.”
Kiryu smiled, happy to get under Majima’s skin for once. It fell as he stared out into the bushes and
trees Takano had escaped into. “For the record, I have a feeling you might get your wish.”
“Huh?”
"Remember how I told you about the Great Hinamizawa Disaster?"
"Yeah, but it didn't seem to happen the last few fragments. Was that one of those 'new changes'
Rika isn't used to?"

“I don't know, Hanyuu said something to me yesterday, I forgot to tell you. While she was
recovering her power in the last fragment, she was able to take a peek at the first loop. What
happened after… what I did.” Kiryu paused, brushing away some graphic memories that filled his
mind. “Anyway, she wondered why the Great Hinamizawa Disaster didn’t happen in that fragment.
So, she did a bit more searching, and well, ... she thinks the reason is because Takano was killed in
the first loop as well.”
“Wait, hang on! What?! She was killed in both loops?!”
“That was my reaction. I'm not sure what to make it."
Majima went slack-jawed. “What, you’re saying that’ll happen a third time?”
“Again, I don’t know. But out of all the ‘new events’ Rika isn’t familiar with, the fact this has
happened two times in a row? I can’t help but feel suspicious of someone being after Takano.”
Kiryu held out the gun. “I’d best get to the house and prepare for tonight. You wouldn’t happen to
have something I can keep this in would you?”
Majima nodded with a grin. “Don’t worry, pal! I came prepared!”
“... Normally, I’d lecture you about bringing a bunch of weapons into the town, but we really need
all we can get.”
“Um, can I interrupt for a few seconds.” Hanyuu had appeared nearby. Kiryu was half-expecting it
this time, but yet again Majima jumped Dammit! Every time!
“What’s up, Hanyuu?” Kiryu asked.
“I wasn’t able to talk about it earlier, but I ran into Keiichi yesterday. He seemed sick, or rather he
literally was. He vomited on the way home.”
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed. “You don’t think it’s the syndrome, right?”
“I can’t tell. Possibly, but people have noticed my footsteps more often now. I’m not sure if that’s
yet another change that’s appeared within the last few loops or what.”
“And Rena?”
Hanyuu’s face became far more somber. “... She was a mess. She even called out for me, but
couldn’t hear me. Keiichi gave her a comforting talk, and she was a lot better after that. But that
doesn’t explain why he seemed like that afterward.”
Kiryu crossed his arms. Great, I have no clue what to expect of those two. I just hope they don’t do
anything dumb. “Please continue patrolling the village, and tell us if you find anything.”
“Au, yes Sir!” Hanyuu said giving a salute, and then disappeared. It would be an adorable sight, if
the stakes weren’t as high as they were.
Kiryu let out a long breath. “I’m heading back, Majima. I hope we can see each other in one piece
tomorrow.”
“Likewise, don’t get yourself killed out there, Kazzy.”

“I won’t. I refuse.”
Majima smiled at his answer. “That’s the Kazzy I know.”
~~~~
To call it hectic in Hinamizawa was an understatement. The afternoon was ticking by, and the
residents were still being evacuated. Many were leaving using their own personal cars. Others had
to travel via buses prepared by the Sonozakis and police. Rika and Satoko were now sitting on one
of those buses. They had helped earlier going door to door, but people insisted Rika evacuated, lest
something horrible happen to her.
And so the two girls were now travelling away from their town. Rika’s head was filled with
anxiety, as she stared out the window. She had asked around, but there were still no signs of Rena
and Keiichi. Were they purposefully trying to not be found, or had something happened to them?
She cast out thoughts like that as best she could, but this really was the worst-case scenario.
There was no way people weren’t going to die tonight. The likelihood of citizens being killed was
decreasing by the second, but Kiryu and Mion were out there. She can’t say she was as close to
Majima, but he had proven to be a reliable ally, and she didn’t want to see him die either. So many
of her closest friends were going to get caught up in this, and it could be a catastrophe. Perhaps, not
one as bad as what Takano normally did. But picking her poison, this was the slightly less toxic of
the two.
“Rika, are you ok?” Satoko asked.
Rika nearly jolted from her close friend’s inquiry. “I’m… I’m just concerned about our friends.”
Satoko looked down, sharing Rika’s feelings. Normally, Rika was the one to comfort her, but she
was looking particularly distraught over this. She had always relied so much on her brother, and
now Rika. She should at least try to return the favor. “R-Rika, I’m sure things will be fine. Our club
has the strongest people around. Those boorish Tojo should be glad I’m not out there preparing
traps for them. I’m sure I could dispose of them as easy as pie. Ohohohoho!”
Rika forced a smile, appreciative of Satoko’s attempts to comfort her, even if they were equally
forced. “You’re right, Satoko. I’m sure everything will be fine. Kiryu is out there, he can protect
our town.”
“Y-yeah! I’m still not sure what to think about him being a legendary ex-Yakuza. I’m sure happy
he’s on our side.”
“... How do you feel about learning the truth behind Kiryu, Satoko?”
Satoko hesitated to answer. She was truthful in saying she didn’t know what to think. “I, um, am
ok… with it?”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to spring that on you. I just figure it might be a bit of a shock.”
“It is, but… I want to trust Kiryu. He’s treated us very well, and nothing like a ‘criminal’. Though,
he’s a civilian now? What about you? You seem to really have faith in him.”

… Considering what happened in the first loop, I’d hope so. She put away those grim thoughts of
what she had done. “He just has that presence. The first time you meet him, you can know he’s a
reliable, strong person. Like Chie, our principal, Keii-”
She cut herself off, realizing she had just let something very embarrassing slip. Satoko’s eyes went
wide, and a mischievous look appeared. “Oho? Did I just hear you say Keiichi?”
Rika’s cheeks were tinged with red, as she rapidly tried to cover herself. “N-No! I was saying
Kei… Kei… Kiryu! I just paused because I accidentally said his name again. It wouldn’t make any
sense to use him as an example, haha.”
Satoko wasn’t buying it. “Hmm, you’ve always been quite fond of Keiichi. I had a feeling, I’m just
interested in seeing you outright say it.”
“W-what did I say?! I said nothing! You’re just messing with me!”
“Ohohoho, my dear Rika. You’re an awful liar when it comes to the affairs of love.”
Rika’s face was as red as a beet. She lowered her head, her bangs covering her eyes. “Don’t… don’t
tell anyone please.”
“Nonsense! This is a secret between us. But it does give me something to tease you about.”
An idea sparked in Rika’s head. She looked up and at Satoko with a sly smirk. “And you don’t have
a crush on him?”
Now it was Satoko’s turn to blush. “Wuh?! Not at all! You’re the weird one for having a crush on
that dolt!” She crossed her arms and faced away. “How dare you even consider the idea of me
falling for him! He’s just another dim-witted dork that always falls for my traps.”
Rika leaned in and whispered into her ear. “So you wouldn’t mind if one of the other girls in class
made a move?”
Satoko gulped, and faced Rika. She had leaned back with a smug look. Satoko found herself
flustered. “A-absolutely! But not for any romantic reason, but because he’s my honorary Nii-Nii! I
can’t be having him dating some repulsive girl. He can only date a refined girl, one that will
appreciate him for who he is. One that will take care of him, and who Keiichi will take care of in
kind. Of course, he’s still a million years away for being even worth the time of any girl. He needs
to get his act together, hmph!”
“Sounds almost like you’re talking about yourself,” Rika teased.
“I am not! Shut it!” Satoko reached out and tickled Rika. She giggled and tickled Satoko back. The
two girls found themselves laughing, and enjoying each other’s company. Their mind finally freed
of the horrors approaching, if only temporarily.
~~~~
Down one of the main streets of Okinomiya, Rena rode her bike. She was feeling a bit tired, having
only gotten 4–5 hours of sleep last night. She was so busy making ‘preparations’, it was 3 in the
morning before she knew it. It was fine, though. She was going to protect her home, she just
needed to see her father first. Her bike slowly skidded to a stop, as she arrived at the hospital.

In some ways, this was the last place she wanted to be. Her blood still stained the brick behind the
hospital, a grim reminder of what had transpired yesterday. There was no time to be thinking about
such things, she parked her bike, and walked into the hospital. After a brief conversation up front,
she walked to her father’s room. She was hoping just maybe her father had woken up, even if it
required a miracle for such a thing to occur.
Her wish for divine interference was not answered, as she entered the room. Her father was still
comatose on the bed. “Rena?” Her gaze shifted to the side of the room, and she found something
that helped brighten her eyes. “Keiichi?”
“Yo, Rena. It’s nice to see you.” Ichiro nodded in Rena’s direction. “You look tired. Are you doing
ok? We were worried sick about you when you… stormed out of here to be blunt.”
“I-I’m doing ok! Sorry about acting the way I did yesterday…”
“Nah, it’s fine, Rena. Just goes to show how much you love your father. I heard my son came and
visited you yesterday. I’m proud of him for looking after his friends, perhaps something a bit more
than friends. I’d give you two some time alone, but alas, I’m stuck here for now. Unless, you
wanted to go outside, I don’t mind.” He said, with a grin and a wink.
“Hauuu, w-what do you mean?”
“Nothing, Rena. Ignore my old man, he’s going senile.” Keiichi answered, blushing a little.
Ichiro burst into laughter. “Ah, c’mon Keiichi. It’s like fishing. You gotta throw the bait out there,
and she’ll come right to ya. But you have to be willing to try and catch her first.”
“Dad, enough! Now is not really the time. … Didn’t you have something important to tell, Rena?”
Ichiro’s smile fell, as he forced a slight one. “I do. I just figured I could ease into it, but maybe it’s
better to just pull the band-aid off.”
Rena felt the atmosphere shift to something more dire. Her mouth felt suddenly dry, and she could
hear the ringing in her ears more clearly. Her heart began to beat heavily as she looked at her father,
and then to Ichiro. “W-what’s going on?”
Ichiro went to speak, but stopped himself. “Maybe it’s better if you hear it from the doc directly.”
“No, please! Tell me what’s happened!” Rena pleaded.
Ichiro glanced at Keiichi. His son answered with a nod. Ichiro closed his eyes, he’d shrug if he
could. “Alright, it would be wrong to keep you waiting on this. As important as it is.” Rena hung
onto every word Ichiro said. Both desperately wanting to hear and not hear what he’d say next. She
felt like her head was going to explode. Ichiro took a deep breath in and out. “According to the doc,
there’s a high chance your father may stay in the coma permanently.”
Time froze for Rena. It felt like her whole world had been collapsing, and that sentence broke the
foundation. “B-but it’s not like it’s guaranteed!” Ichiro quickly added. “There is still a chance he
can wake up… even if it’s small.”
Rena felt her legs buckle as she fell to her knees. Everything around her was spinning, Ichiro’s
words permeating her very soul. Even that small bit of hope Ichiro tacked on was nothing

compared to the overwhelming ball of negative emotions that was encompassing her entirely. “RRena, are you ok?!” Keiichi asked, concerned.
Silence was shared between the three for almost a whole minute. Slowly, Rena got up. “Thank you
for telling me.” Her voice was so low, it was almost a whisper. Just barely audible enough for the
two to articulate. “I… I think I need a few minutes.” She left the room, resembling more a ghost
floating than a person walking.
A few moments passed after Rena left, before Ichiro spoke up. “Go after her, Keiichi.”
“W-what?! Didn’t she just say she needed a few minutes?”
“I’m serious, Keiichi. You’ll regret it if you don’t.”
“Based on what?!” Keiichi protested.
Ichiro took a second to choose his words. “Son, as much as I talk about them, I’m not an expert on
women.”
“You don’t say?” Keiichi asked sarcastically.
“But even I can tell that’s a girl in need of a friend. A girl that probably feels like she’s all alone
now with no one to comfort her. Please go after her, Keiichi. Show her she has people she can rely
on like you just did yesterday.”
Keiichi was a little taken aback. For once, his father was actually saying something wise. Time was
of the essence. He gave a nod to his father, and then exited the room. He looked around, and found
no sign of her. Keiichi bolted for the front entrance, and only found her bike. She’s somewhere
around, if she left this here.
He hurried back into the hospital checking around hallways, and eventually made it to a back
entrance. He opened the door, leading out into behind the building. There was Rena curled up
against the wall, her head buried in her arms. She looked up and made eye contact with him.
“Keiichi?”
He walked over to Rena, and sat down next to her. “Sorry, I know you said you needed a few
minutes, but I just wanted to make sure you were ok.”
She buried her head into her arms again. “I’m… fine, Keiichi.”
That didn’t seem true to Keiichi, but he decided to just sit there and keep her company. Yesterday
was one thing, but he really wasn’t sure how to approach Rena right now. So he just sat their
quietly, pondering what would be the best thing to say, or if he should just stay silent till she spoke.
“You don’t have to stay here, Keiichi. You should be evacuating right now. I bet your mom is
worried about you.”
“Actually, I’m staying with my dad. I don’t think we’re in any danger at the hospital, Hinimizawa
seems like the main target after all. Shouldn’t you be evacuating or staying here? We have a spare
futon in there, I can sleep in the chair or something.”
“... No, I need to head back soon.”
“Head back where, Rena? To evacuate?”

“It’s nothing you need to get involved with.”
“... Rena, what’s going on?”
Rena finally peeked at Keiichi. “It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.”
Keiichi slightly scowled. “Rena, it’s clearly not ‘nothing’! You have this big argument with Kiryu,
and now everything with your father and the Tojo coming tonight. And now you give me some
cryptic ‘don’t get involved’ nonsense?”
Now Rena was frowning. “It’s none of your business, Keiichi. I’ll take care of it.”
“Take care of what?!”
“It’s not… never mind, I need to get going.”
“Rena, please! Don’t just blow me off.” Keiichi grabbed her arm, though as gently as he could.
“I’m worried about you. Please, tell me what you’re planning. We’re friends and a team, right?
We’re fellow club members that look after one another and have each other’s backs. You sound and
LOOK like you’re about to do something dangerous, and I’d be a horrid friend if I just stood by
and let you go without saying anything.”
Rena was staring at where Keiichi was grasping. She couldn’t even look him in the eye. “No,
Keiichi. The only one will be in danger is you. I keep screwing up more and more. If I’m going to
screw up again, I at least need to make sure I do this alone before I hurt someone else.”
“Rena, look at me! Please!” At his genuine pleading, she forced herself to look at him. She was
shocked to see tears forming in his eyes. “Rena, don’t do anything stupid, I beg you. I care about
you. I care about all of you, you’re my dear friends. If something happened to any one of you, I
don’t know what I’d do with myself.”
Now Rena was the one starting to tear up. “Keiichi, I… I have to protect my home.”
“Why?!”
“BECAUSE IT’S ALL I HAVE LEFT!!” Rena yelled out. Keiichi let go and took a step back. Rena
was shaking from a mix of anger, grief, and exhaustion. “I’m not going to let them stomp on what
little happiness I have left! I love Hinamizawa and I know you do too! We’re just supposed to leave
Mion all alone to fend them off?! That’s bullshit! I want to help her, and you should as well!”
“... Rena, you have us. And Mion has Kiryu and her whole family. You have me!”
“Then help me defend our home! If you want to help me and be involved so badly, that’s the best
thing we can do!”
Keiichi remained silent, and avoided her gaze. The brief spark that had entered Rena’s eyes now
vanished, as her shoulders slumped as she leaned against the wall. “... I’m sorry, Keiichi. I
shouldn’t be demanding anything of you. This is my mission, I’ll do it.”
“... Not without me, you aren’t.”
Her eyes lit up again. “What?”

Keiichi was now facing her with fresh resolve in his eyes. “I’ll help you. I still think this is an
awful idea, but I know you won’t take no for an answer when you’re like this. Also, I can’t just let
you go ending up hurt or worse. No, I’ll protect you Rena, and fight by your side.” He put both of
his hands on her shoulders. “Rely on me, Rena. Like I said, we’re a team. That means the both of
us fight together.”
“I… I… “ She began to tear up again. “I don’t want you to get hurt. I *sob* don’t want anyone to
get hurt.”
Keiichi gave her a reassuring smile. “Good! We’re on the same page. You have my back, I’ll have
yours. We’ll protect each other and protect our home, Rena. Just promise me you won’t do anything
reckless or stupid.” He paused, realizing what he had just said. “Well, no more reckless or stupid
than what we’re already doing.”
Rena muffled a giggle. “We wouldn’t be club members if we didn’t act a little reckless and stupid.”
“Now ya get it! … But if we’re going to go, we have to now. It’s nearly 3 p.m.” Rena nodded.
Keiichi would give an excuse to his father, as the two grabbed their bikes and made a mad dash for
Hinamizawa. Keiichi hadn’t been 100% honest with Rena. About 95% honest, but he had left out
one small detail. He was genuinely worried she would do something careless.
And he understood how she felt. His father had been shot as well. If protecting Rena meant he
could also batter in some of the Tojo’s heads, why not? His father didn’t deserve this, his friends
didn’t, no one in the village deserved this nightmare. Only the Tojo could be like the demons he
had feared. There was no fear now. Just preparation for a mass exorcism.

Chapter 47: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 15: War
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

As the Sunday sun set below the horizon, night arrived once more for Hinamizawa. What would
normally be the sounds of the festival beginning was replaced with an ominous silence. Not even
the higurashi dared to make a sound. The population had been successfully evacuated, only the
Sonozaki Family and its allies remaining. Okinomiya police had laid down spike strips along the
main roads, but otherwise didn’t seem to eager to help defend Hinimaizawa. Supposedly, Ooishi
was discussing it over with the higher-ups, but no one had heard anything within the last few hours.
Kiryu and Mion sat down next to each other. Tense small talk had passed between the two, but they
were beyond apprehensive over what was to come. Mion had donned a black kimono with a
sheathed katana at one hip, and a holstered pistol at another. A grim look on her face, she was the
spitting image of a samurai from the Bakumatsu period. Her chest and stomach were wrapped in
protective bandaging, a visage befitting a warrior.
Kiryu had donned something a bit more his style. Brass knuckles, the stolen gun now holstered, and
gauntlets covering his forearms and elbows. He wore his trademark gray suit and pants with the red
shirt underneath. A fashion style that was already becoming outdated, but reflected his character
well. Many of the grunts insisted they wore bullet-proof vests of some kind, but they swore it
would only slow them down.
It was quiet, too quiet. Both perked up as they heard gunshot sounds in the distance. Mion’s eyes
sharpened, her eyebrows knitting together. “It’s started,” she whispered.
“I know,” Kiryu replied. “Are we ready?”
Mion bit her lip for a second, but relinquished it putting on a faux grin. “Yeah, as ready as we’ll
ever be.”
“... Mion, you’re shaking. It’s not too late to-”
“To what, Kiryu? Don’t say something stupid like ‘you can still run’. I am the Heir and I will
embrace that role with everything that comes with it. You’re shaking a little yourself, aren’t you?”
Kiryu cleared his throat, his lips, and throat feeling dry. “Yeah, but it’s not a bad thing. I think I’d
be more afraid if I wasn’t fearful in some way. Fear means I’ve prepared. And preparation means I
can go into this fight less afraid than otherwise.”
“Same here, ya goofball. Just wait till you see this old man slicing and dicing.”
Kiryu wore a false smile himself. “Neither of us can be doing too bad if we’re joking around.”
Suddenly, a grunt ran towards them. He appeared urgent, out of breath but with news. “Heir! We
have a good guess of how many men the Tojo have sent!”
He stood there catching his breath, which only annoyed Mion. “Don’t just stand there like a
dumbass! How many?!”

“Twenty to twenty-five cars worth of Tojo! We’re estimating around 300 men, maybe more! The
spike strips have only slowed them down a little, they’re packed with all sorts of guns and
weapons!”
Mion paled and Kiryu gritted his teeth. Dammit, they really want to burn this town to the ground.
Mion stood proudly, wiping away her fears she drew her katana. “Order all men to begin
counterattacking! Tonight, we feast on the blood and bones of the Tojo for daring to trample on our
home! Remember your training, and have no fear! We will conquer and win!”
The messenger and men surrounding Mion cheered, and drew their own weapons. Kiryu stood up
stretching his back and took a deep breath. Mion took a brief look, her eyes widening. There was an
immaculately powerful presence to him now, a radiating silver aura that threatened to swallow up
everything around him. She now wore a sincere smile. “And besides, we have the strongest man in
Japan right here on our side.”
~~~~
Two Tojo men walked along one of the many side paths in Hinamizawa. They were attempting to
go behind the Sonozakis, and attack them. This wasn’t their first excursion. Both men were in their
early 30s, and had been in the Tojo for a decade and then some. In their youth, they would have
joined the other newbies running in to attack and mostly getting struck down. But they had
experience and tactics on their side.
They dared not say a word. They kept low to the ground, wary of potential Sonozaki lying near
ready to ambush them. Enemy turf was a treacherous place to be. One paused, the hairs on his nape
standing up.
“You hear something?” A young boy with a metal bat burst from the bushes shocking the two men.
“A kid?!” The other men exclaimed.
“Agh!” He turned to see a nata deep in the back of his partner’s neck. This was no time to be
distracted, he had to worry about himself. He went to draw his gun, but spiraled to the ground as
the bat was swung into his temple. Neither of the two men ever got up again as a girl now joined
and finished them both off. The attackers were both covered in blood now, the boy visibly shaking.
“W-woah, Rena! I thought we were just trying to knock them out, not kill-” She rushed to him, and
put a finger to his lips. “Quiet, Keiichi!” She hissed in a whisper. “We don’t want anyone else to
know we’re around. We only got through that alive because we surprised them.”
There were many things Keiichi wanted to say, but swallowed them heeding Rena’s demand. They
had returned home, avoiding the patrolling Sonozaki. Rena had grabbed her trusty nata from the
dump, but Keiichi didn’t know what to grab at first. He eventually settled on sneaking into the
school, the door having been unlocked. There was a bat in an old student’s locker that called to
him, Satoshi was his name. It swung well in baseball, and was certainly a good weapon.
But this? This was far more different than he had expected. He could lie to himself, and say he was
naive for thinking there would be no death. But still, Rena’s white dress and hat were now
accompanied by a ghastly shade of red, and some of it now dwelled on his own clothes. It was
chilling to the bone, and reminiscent of those horrid nightmares he had had. “Keiichi!” Rena
quietly shouted, shaking him back to reality.
“Are you ok?” Rena’s soft, caring eyes contradicted the blood stain on her cheek. Keiichi hardened
his heart, and nodded. “S-sorry, I just needed a second. This was maybe more violent than I had

expected.”
“I know, Keiichi. It’s not easy. But we’re doing this to protect our home. Mion and Kiryu will be
doing the same thing, we’re just helping them out.”
Her words were a comfort, but a fleeting one to Keiichi. Maybe it was best he just lost himself to
his nightmare and go with the murderous flow. It would be far easier. But if he let himself do that,
he felt like he’d lose something important. No, he wouldn’t become a demon. He would retain his
sanity, and protect his new home. “I’m ok now, Rena. Let’s get back to it.”
Rena nodded. The two delved into the bushes. He wasn’t ok, he was deeply not ok. But what choice
did he have as a new unlucky trio were approaching down the path.
~~~~
Down a path on the other side of Hinamizawa, Majima was sneaking through. He had met up with
the Tojo at the gate to Hinamizawa, and had barged in with them. Thankfully, avoiding any gunfire
as he gradually shifted to the back unnoticed, and diverged from the horde. He was hoping to
escape out the back side of the town. He did not fear coming in contact with the Sonozaki, but his
own fellow man.
The Mad Dog had kept low to the ground, stumbling and sometimes crawling through the bush,
hiding his presence as best he could. His lack of a second eye becoming a burden more than usual,
as he regularly looked around, scouting for any sights or sounds that would alert him to
approaching Tojo. He had almost been seen twice now, and was keeping an extra low profile. Just a
little further, and I can escape this hell zone.
He came upon another path that intersected with the one he was travelling near to. He stuck his
head out of the bushes and scouted his surroundings. To his left, the path went into a direction back
into the village, and to his right it curved and entered deeper forest. He softly sighed to himself.
Maybe I should just go hide in those damned swamps people keep disappearing into till this blows
over.
He looked both ways once more, and made to cross the path into a new section of bush. He rounded
the corner, and his heart nearly stopped as a familiar man was waiting for him. His bald, smug face
looking down at him. “What are you up to, Majima?” Shimano asked his underling.
Majima quickly stood back up, a wild look in his eye. “The hell are… you scared me half to death,
Boss.” Majima growled, trying to play it up. “I was wanting to sneak to the back of the Sonozaki
estate and ambush them. You should get down too, before someone sees us.”
“Don’t worry, I have some of our men around. We’re safe here. I wasn’t expecting to see you take
this path. Usually, you’re a frontliner, but it seems you’ve grown, Majima. Still a dog, but one that
has a sense of strategy now. I couldn’t be more proud.”
Majima bit his tongue behind his closed lips. Dammit, how did he see me?! I could’ve sworn I got
out of sight, naturally. “Apologies if I snapped at you, Boss. You really spooked the crap out of
me.”
“No shit, you’ve been talking about curses and supernatural nonsense since we interrogated that
poor sap. You really seem on edge. How about we go for a walk? Dogs love walks, right?” He
asked, laughing at his own mocking joke.

Majima felt like he was being pranked. “Surely, you’re joking, Boss? We’re right in the middle of a
raid on the Sonozaki.”
“I’m serious, Majima. I want to see you in action, really get to know what my Mad Dog has been
up to. You damn near demolished the whole Dojima family. I can’t wait to see the level of carnage
you’re capable of now.”
Majima was quaking with rage. “You fucking…” He threatened under his breath.
“Hmm, did you say something, Majima? You look stressed, feel free to tell your grievances.” A
cruel gaze stared into Majima’s soul.
Majima’s head fell. A few seconds passed, as he quickly raised it back up with the most forced,
stressed smile he could manage. “Of course, Boss. Let’s go cut down those Sonozaki bastards.”
“Wonderful, that’s my Majima! I wonder if we’ll run into Kiryu. Knowing that moron, he’s still
around somewhere. Maybe you’ll get to fight him. And hey, if you kill him, we’ll have a hell of a
victory over Kazuma. I’m sure you can manage that. Run along now. I’ll be right behind you,
enjoying the show.”
Majima’s face was a boiling red, but he kept his smile on all the same. “And what if someone tries
to attack you, Boss? I might not be able to protect you, if I’m busy.”
Shimano scoffed. “I’ll be fine, Majima. Just make sure you take care of yourself.”
“Understood, Boss. Thank you for this generous offer of yours. Keep your eyes peeled.” And
hopefully, this is the last thing you’ll ever see.
~~~~
For all the tales of demons and bloodshed, the rumors of heinous torture and lives lost in this small
town, the blood, and guts pooling around on the grounds were unlike anything Hinamizawa had
ever seen. Mion slashed off the hand of a Tojo pointing his gun at her, red seeping from his fresh
stump as he collapsed, writhing on the ground. She drew the katana behind her back high guarding
against another trying to slash her back open. She whirled around parrying his blade, and shooting
him in the head with her gun.
A third charged towards her with a knife. She sidestepped dropping her gun, kicked his knee
making him drop the knife, and with one hand brought his wrist behind his back and broke it
leaving the man screaming in pain. She let go, brandishing her katana with both hands and slashed
down on the man’s back forcing him to crumple. The first was crawling towards the gun she had
dropped, which she swiftly stomped down on his head in response putting him out of commission.
She picked up her gun, and hid it away. Three bullets remained, and she’d need to find an
appropriate time to reload. Physically, she was tired, but mentally she felt harrowed and exhausted.
She abhorred every second of this madness. Her style was to fight, but not kill, if she could. But
there wasn’t a choice in this maelstrom of battle. It was kill or be killed, and the corpses continued
to pile upon her. This was her first real time killing another human, and no amount of steeling
herself could have prepared her for the horrors she was facing now.
Similar thoughts weighed on Kiryu, but far less so. In a morbid sense, his experience with the
Empty Lot had hardened him ready for such a day. A large, fat man made ready to split his chest

open with a katana. He punched the blade and parried it, his free hand uppercutting into the man’s
chin. A flurry of strikes painted him black and blue, as Kiryu finished him off with a hook to the
temple.
He blocked a knife with the gauntlet on his right arm, and thrusted his fist into the man’s abdomen,
making the Tojo double over in pain. He grasped the man’s face, and slammed it against a nearby
wall. Kiryu made to round the corner, but slid back behind the wall, a bullet buzzing past. He
counted to three, his gun now drawn. He peeked behind the corner, seeking to aim his shot. But he
paused, horror in his eyes.
The man who had shot was his sworn brother, Nishiki. Nishiki himself, almost dropped the gun as
he lowered it. “Kiryu?” He quickly raised it back up, unsure what to make of the situation. “Wwhat the hell are you doing, man?! You shouldn’t even be here!” Nishiki fumbled with his gun, his
hands now trembling.
Kiryu held his gun mostly steady, but he’d be lying if he said he also wasn’t shaking. “That’s what I
should be saying, Nishiki. Neither you nor Dad should be here! I’m trying to protect you both!”
“By fighting the Tojo, yourself?!”
Kiryu took a longer than comfortable time to answer “Yes, I just want to protect the people of this
town. You can chew me out later all you want, but please leave.”
Kiryu’s demands only made Nishiki shake harder. “The fuck do you want me to do, man?! I
thought at least I wouldn’t have to worry about you, tonight! But you just had to be out here busting
heads! Why can’t you ever just do the selfish thing, and take care of yourself?!”
Kiryu’s eyes saddened. “... I can’t, Nishiki. It’s my duty to make sure these people are safe,
including you and Dad. I know it’s ridiculous, and I’m taking on far more than I can handle. But I
HAVE to. Please just pretend you never saw me, and we’ll both be on our ways. If someone sees
us, we’ll be forced to shoot each other. And I can’t do that, not to my sworn brother and best
friend.”
Nishiki was about to cry. He visibly gritted his teeth, and lowered his gun to the ground. “Damn it
all to Hell!” He whimpered. No it wasn’t a whimper, there was now a furious growl in his voice.
One Kiryu hadn’t heard before. “Damn the Tojo. Damn them all to Hell!” He looked back up at
Kiryu with vigorous eyes. “I don’t care what happens, they won’t make me shoot my sworn
brother. I’ll fight alongside you, no matter what. If the Tojo want to sever our brotherhood, I’ll bury
them myself!”
Kiryu was completely shocked. His best friend had grown and matured rapidly in the last five
years. He wasn’t always sure if Nishiki had it in him, but before him was a man of Kiryu’s caliber.
The Dragon had been so busy with his own life, he hadn’t realized another had ascended and joined
him. “Nishiki, I…”
“Duck!” Nishiki yelled out, as he aimed his gun. Kiryu reacted just fast enough to hear a bullet
whizz over his head, as another followed. He looked behind him. There was a man holding his
bleeding chest, a dropped gun at his feet. He fell backwards, another soul gone. Kiryu looked back
to see Nishiki walking towards him. There was a frantic look in his eyes. “Oh, now I’ve really done
it. Ah, fuck it. Hopefully, no one saw that. Here.”

Kiryu was handed a walkie-talkie. “I’ll call you on this, if anything happens. Stay alive, and don’t
get yourself killed out there!”
Kiryu couldn’t even offer his thanks as Nishiki quickly ran off, giving a brief wave before doing so.
He was left stunned, as he looked back once more at the body. I really need to be on my guard.
Thank you, Nishiki. I owe you some drinks at Serena after this.
~~~~
Three bullets hit the corner Kiryu was hiding behind. He stepped out and took a shot, nailing one of
the two Tojo firing at him. He finished the other taking advantage of the man reacting to his friend
being shot. Kiryu sighed to himself. I need to go to the side roads, they could be attempting to flank
us.
Kiryu ran to some nearby bushes, more gunshots heard in the distance. The night sky lit up as a
molotov cocktail hit a house some ways away. He crept through the bushes, spying some Sonozaki
men running through around a corner. He heard a cry shortly after, and went to investigate. The
Dragon stood behind a tree, and sneaked a view behind it. He held his hand over his mouth to avoid
a gasp, and backed away.
One Sonozaki man was on the ground, the other his head punched into a nearby tree, his
unconscious body sliding down to join the roots. The new enemy turned, and almost gasped
himself. He was wearing a faded, gray suit stained with fresh blood. His mostly black hair was
slicked back, his sideburns having grayed over the years. He adjusted his glasses, and wore a smirk.
“I’ll be damned. I never expected to see your sorry ass again.”
Kiryu was left speechless. He could only utter one word. “Boss…”

Chapter End Notes

I know parrying a katana with brass knuckles is ridiculous, but Kiryu can just do that shit,
man. He's built different.

Chapter 48: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 16: The King of Hell
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After a long journey, Rika and Satoko’s bus had arrived at their destination. A 3-4 hour drive to the
nearest city, but here they could be protected and safe. Nearby hotels offering up rooms for a
heavily discounted price, and some residents had even brought camping gear. While worry had fled
their mind for a short while, the girls found themselves occasionally wondering how their friends
were doing back in their hometown.
As if reading Rika’s mind, Satoko spoke up. “Try not to think about it too much, Rika.”
Rika perked up. “Meep, I know.”
“I’m slightly more worried about having a home to return to…”
The thought had crossed Rika’s mind. Even if she got the best case scenario, and no one died, there
was still the issue of how probably a solid third of Hinamizawa would be burned down to ashes, if
not significantly damaged. Most of the residents had only taken a few prized possessions with
them, most of that being their own children. Property loss was not a huge deal, people could always
rebuild. But lives lost could not be replaced, and that was a lesson she had learned many, many
times.
“Our home is in a corner and out of sight, Satoko. I don’t see it burning down or anything.” I hope.
“Hopefully so, yes. I half-considered laying some traps around our house, but I’d hate for anyone
we know to get caught in them.”
“True, your traps show favor to no one.”
Satoko slightly smirked. “Only the best traps from a genius like myself, ohohoho!”
The laugh was forced, her smirk straining to stay put. There was a dower atmosphere over
everyone that had evacuated, and these two girls were no exception. Satoko’s face fell, and a
frustrated look entered her eye. “Why does something always seem to happen on this day, Rika? I
just don’t understand, it’s not fair.”
Rika’s eyebrows raised up and then came together as she scowled, looking at the ground. I’ve
wondered that for a long time myself, Satoko. The Rules of this world are not only unfair, they’re
downright cruel. I dearly hope we can break through them soon. You’d think with Kiryu we just
need to roll the dice carefully, and yet there is a constant string of new problems to deal with. And
at best, I fear we only have a few chances left.
Satoko continued. “I still have nightmares about Nii-Nii. Where is he out there? Is he even still
alive?” Tears formed, dripping down her face. “Am I going to lose someone else I love tonight?”
Alarmed, Rika quickly put her hands on Satoko’s shoulders. “No, they’ll be fine! I’m sure of it!”

“How do you know, Rika? You always seem to know things others don’t, but I just don’t
understand how you can be so certain.”
Rika avoided Satoko’s gaze. “I’m not, Satoko. But I fear more the idea of not believing in the
possibility they’ll live, and something awful happening. So, I trust things will be ok. Maybe it’s
naive, but I want to believe in Mion, Kiryu, and everyone fighting to protect the village. The best
thing we can do Satoko is pray they’ll be ok, and root for them here.”
Satoko sniffled, wiping a tear from her cheek. “I’ll try that Rika. Would you mind reminding me to
do that, if I start tearing up again?”
“Sure, Satoko. And if I begin to break down, help me stand back up again.” That’s the only thing
we can do. Just pray and hope for a miracle. But if anyone can pull it off, I believe Kiryu can. So
please, my friend, do whatever it takes to keep yourself safe and win.
~~~~
“Boss…” The word slipped out from Kiryu’s lips, and fell to the ground.
The man scoffed. “I’m not your damn boss anymore, Civvy. Some ‘Dragon’ you turned out to be.”
Kiryu was utterly baffled. There before him was Daisaku Kuze, the most tenacious, formidable, and
determined man Kiryu had ever met. Perhaps, besides his own father. Five times he had fought his
man, and five times he had won. But he kept coming back stronger each time. And here he was
again, like a ghost that refused to leave him, haunting him till the day of his death. “What the hell
are you doing here? Last I checked, you were in prison.”
“Correct, and you know what? I was ok with that. I did the best I could, and I wasn’t able to stop
you. Serve a decade in the slammer, do a few more years in the Tojo, and then retire. It wasn’t a
bad plan, and then they decide to get me out of there a few months ago. Said ‘I was needed’. That
the current Tojo could use the extra muscle. Damn Sera to Hell, he just has me as a glorified grunt.”
He took a step forward, wiping some blood from his knuckles on his suit. “The worst part? I heard
you never came back. A man with the potential to become the Chairman himself, and settled to be a
damn civvy. I thought I saw something in you, kid. The making of a legend in the Tojo, and maybe
you did get that. But all I see now is a sad shell of what you could have been.”
Kiryu felt himself humbled. Their positions had completely swapped in regard to how successful
they were, but Kiryu couldn’t help but feel he had slighted his old boss. “Sir, with all due respect, I
chose to leave on my own terms. There’s nothing for me in the Tojo. I live a happy life now, away
from that horrific world.”
“And yet, here you are. Don’t lie to me. You could say you don’t want to be involved as much as
you like, but you’ll still involve your pathetic self in Tojo matters. I could at least somewhat respect
it if you stuck to the real estate shit, but no. You just had to be a thorn in our side, once again.”
A genuine smile crossed Kuze’s face. “That said, I’m not unhappy to see you. I always wondered
what would happen, if we had a rematch. The idea eventually faded, a ridiculous thought with what
I last saw. But looking at you now, you’re a fucking joke.”
Kiryu grimaced. He let his brass knuckles and gauntlets fall to the ground as he took a fighting
stance. “Years ago, Sir, I told you I’d rather fight a hundred Tojo men than fight you then. I keep to

that notion, but I will add something to that. I did beat down a hundred plus men less than a month
ago. I respect you greatly, Sir, but with what I was fighting for and still am, that’s nothing to me
now. Don’t you dare think you can put me down here and now.”
Kuze snorted, his eyes eager for a fight. “Still the same damn punk that always pissed me off. You
should’ve kept those on, but maybe I have underestimated you. Show me what you got, kid.”
The two men began to circle each other. Kiryu’s right leg forward, his left leg behind him, both
spread apart to give himself a good base of support. His right fist near his face, and his left near his
hip. Kiryu’s standard fighting stance, not specialized in anything but could intercept almost any
move. Meanwhile, Kuze’s legs were similar, with his right hand out partially open and his left in a
fist near his face. A traditional boxing stance meant for use at long range, guarding and feeling out
your opponent with jabs.
Kiryu stepped forward aiming for a high front kick to Kuze’s face. Kuze sidestepped it, closing the
distance immediately and jabbed Kiryu in the face. Kuze kept close, preventing Kiryu from
kicking. Kiryu performed a jab of his own, which Kuze weaved around with ease. Kuze used a 1-2
jab and then cross. Kiryu weaved around the jab, parried the cross, and lunged forward with a
straight of his own. Kuze blocked it, and delivered a horizontal elbow into Kiryu’s guard.
Kiryu took a step back. That’s right, he’s not just a boxer. He’ll use any tools he has to win. Kuze
stepped forward after Kiryu, striking with a low kick checked by Kiryu. The Dragon lunged with a
right hook, Kuze dodging and rewarding Kiryu with a body blow for his efforts. Kiryu coughed,
and used a teep kick to Kuze’s gut to make distance.
“I’m impressed, Kiryu. You retained your skills, after all.”
“I could say the same to you, Sir. Most let their skills rot in prison, and you’re not getting any
younger.”
Kuze frowned. “Age has nothing to do with it, damn you. I’ve only become more experienced.”
Kuze feinted a few jabs Kiryu could barely react to. Another kick to Kiryu’s leg, he took with his
shin below the knee to reduce damage. Kiryu feinted a front high kick and then used his leading leg
to step forward with another straight. Kuze brushed it aside, and used an angled straight, almost a
cross, to collide with Kiryu’s temple.
It grazed Kiryu’s head, as he went for an uppercut. Kuze blocked it with his forearm, and went for
his own uppercut, Kiryu narrowly dodging it. Both men exchanged blocked jabs and straights, as
the King of Hell ducked a cross hook and countered with a straight to Kiryu’s ribs. He gritted his
teeth taking the pain. His head leaned back to avoid a straight, and he delivered a side-kick to
Kuze’s hip.
The old man didn’t even buckle, he tanked it with the vigor of a man forty years younger. Kiryu
sloppily blocked a left hook stinging the back of his hand, and ducked under a haymaker going for
a tackle. Kuze clinched Kiryu in response keeping his ground, and delivered a foul kidney punch to
Kiryu’s back. Kiryu winced. This was no official ring, and illegal techniques were welcomed here.
The Dragon kneed Kuze into the gut, getting him off. He breathed heavily, keeping a close guard.
This was Kuze’s domain. The Japanese style of boxing was heavily based around using speed to
blitz their opponent with intense, close quarters action. An emphasis on closing the gap, and getting
up close and personal. Always moving forward with consistent technique and perfected jabs. And
above all else, having grit and determination. The ability to take knock out inducing punches, and

still keep going. That was the type of fighter Kiryu was contesting with, and Kuze had grit in
spades.
“You’re not wussing out on me, are you, Kiryu?”
“No, Sir. Just impressed with your perseverance.”
“Good to know, now come at me!”
Kiryu decided it was best to switch up tactics. He engaged Beast Style tanking a straight to his
cheek, grabbed Kuze’s outstretched arm, and dragged him forward with a heavy kick into Kuze’s
ribs. It made Kuze stutter, but only briefly. He repaid it with a liver shot, making Kiryu almost go to
one knee as he let go. Kiryu ducked a hook, and rose back up with an uppercut.
Kuze hit Kiryu’s wrist with his own, but the Dragon’s hand continued forward anyway. It grasped
on to Kuze’s face, allowing Kiryu to deliver two quick body blows to Kuze. I can’t be wasting my
time on this. The longer I’m here occupied with Kuze, the more people are going to die! Kuze
ripped off Kiryu’s hand, and delivered a straight to Kiryu’s face.
He couldn’t avoid it in time, so he might as well change its trajectory. He slightly ducked it, letting
it connect with his forehead. And a good thing too, because Kuze’s thumb had been extended. A
slightly different movement, and the knuckle could have jabbed out his eye. Both of the men’s next
strikes connected at the same time. An upward angled elbow from Kiryu to Kuze’s chin, and an
inside roundhouse kick to Kiryu’s chest. Kuze nearly fell over, and Kiryu gasped for breath.
“Didn’t know you’ve learned Muay Thai since I last fought you.” Kuze commented, holding his
jaw.
“I haven’t, but you learn some things sparring with people.”
Kiryu stepped forward with a right knockout straight. The King stepped in himself letting it graze
the back of his head, as he slammed his left hand into Kiryu’s outstretched elbow. A jolt of pain
surged through Kiryu, as the blow made it stretch at an awkward angle. He continued forward with
a left straight Kuze leaned back to dodge. He did not expect Kiryu to convert it into a horizontal
elbow across his cheek. “I can fight dirty too, Kuze!”
Kuze spat out blood, and lept forward with a cross. “You think I give a shit?!” Kiryu tried to
escape, but Kuze whipped his arm around Kiryu’s neck trapping him into a clinch. Kuze’s free
hand landing a blow into Kiryu’s gut. The Dragon shook him off, but he pursued and got Kiryu into
a clinch again. He intercepted Kuze’s strike this time, grasping his wrist and arm and pushing them
in opposite directions. Kuze grunted in pain, his shoulder on fire.
Kuze retreated, but Kiryu initiated a clinch himself. He lowered his head, and then slammed the top
of it into Kuze’s face with a rising headbutt. The two men separated as Kuze bounded forward with
a straight and then a high kick aimed to Kiryu’s face. He was already prepared to dodge it, but the
King had other plans. Midway through the kick, Kuze stomped his foot down into Kiryu’s keeping
him in place.
Kiryu’s head bolted back, a knockout strike thrusted into his face. Kiryu briefly blacked out.
Something awakened in him. On instinct, the Dragon used his leaned back head to gain momentum
for another devastating headbutt right into Kuze’s skull. The King took a step back, not even
Enma’s strength enough to take it without wavering.

Kiryu’s right leg stepped forward, his right fist seeking to lodge itself in Kuze’s nose. While
frazzled, the old man had enough sense to weave around it. It was a trap, as Kiryu’s left leg dealt a
destructive blow with an inside calf kick. Kuze wasn’t done yet, he whirled back slightly charging
an uppercut and surged upwards. Kiryu met his strength with a downwards elbow, bone connecting,
but Kuze’s cracked.
In his haste to finish the fight, he had missed Kuze’s other fist heading for him. He stood his
ground, taking the hook to his cheek. He stared at Kuze with a hard, unwavering glare, and
delivered a counter hook right into the King’s liver. Kuze bent over in pain, the King offering a
rare, involuntary bow. Kiryu raised his leg high into the air, and slammed it into the top of Kuze’s
head with an axe kick. Finally, one of the men fell as Kuze crumpled to the ground.
Kiryu stood there breathing heavily. He wasn’t heavily damaged, but injured he was nonetheless.
The only other sound was Kuze’s soft laughter, as he sat up. Blood was running down both of the
men’s faces, but Kuze’s was certainly the worse for wear. Kiryu’s eyes sharpened. “I’ll be direct
with you, Sir, no, Kuze. If we fight anymore, I can’t guarantee I won’t end up killing you. And I’d
rather not do that.”
“Bah!” Kuze scoffed. “You think you could kill me, brat?” He slowly stood up, spitting out blood
on to the nearby grass.
“No, Kuze. You’d somehow find a way to haunt me in the afterlife. But as for your mortal and
weakened flesh… I don’t think I have to elaborate on that.”
Kuze smirked. “Ah, fuck it. Go.”
Kiryu blinked a few times. “Wait, what?”
“Go, you dumbass! What do you think that means?!”
“... I was just surprised you weren’t going to fight me more.”
A self-derisive laugh escaped Kuze’s lips. “Heh, look at me, Kiryu. I’m just a stubborn old man
that doesn’t know when to quit. I don’t give a shit about this Sonozaki nonsense, I just wanted to
kick your ass. And I achieved that. Not as much as I would have liked, but still.”
“Kuze…”
“Ah, don’t get all floppy and sentimental on me, I still have half an interest in punching you. But I
learned something in prison. You get plenty of time to think there, too much damn time. Life isn’t
just about getting back up no matter what. There’s got to be a point to it. And I’ve reached a period
in my life, where I have to actually consider that. You have to know your place in the yakuza, and
with this being my sixth loss, I think it’s time to put this chapter of my life behind me.”
The King creaked his neck, folding his now broken glasses and returning them to his pocket.
“Unless, you’re really that desperate to fight.”
“... No, Kuze. I really need to hurry, speaking truthfully.”
“Then get your sorry ass out of my sight! I got what I wanted, and you proved you’re not a civvy
sap! Fuck off, and go do what you have to do, before I start wanting to cave your face in again!”

Kiryu kept silent, and bowed. “Thank you, Kuze.” And with that, Kiryu put back on his brass
knuckles/gauntlets and rushed off. Kuze was now alone, he sat down leaning against a nearby tree.
He pulled a spare cigarette out of his pocket, and lit it. “Can’t even call him a damned kid,
anymore. He’s grown up, and made a real name for himself.” He inhaled, and then exhaled smoke.
“Getting too old for this shit.”
A few minutes later, the man of Enma left the battlefield. Years later, he would retire avoiding the
police that night. But that’s not the focus of this story. No, Kiryu had many more trials awaiting
him. Everyone there did. Unfortunately, no one was prepared for what Rena had set up, and the
night was about to become a lot more grim.

Chapter End Notes

Shoutout to Kengan Ashura/Omega and its fan creators/content for inspiring me to get better
at writing fight scenes. Didn't have that knowledge when I started writing this fic, but I hope
this comes off as a lot better than previous fights in this fic lol.

Chapter 49: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 17: Life on the Line
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Get back here, you fucking brats!” Keiichi could feel his blood pumping, his heart beating far too
fast. His muscles screaming to slow down, but he couldn’t. He was a meter behind Rena, both
running from a dozen or so Tojo chasing after them. Things had been going fine, for the most part.
This was their home, and they had the element of surprise.
But, they were only two kids. More than once they had narrowly avoided being shot, impeccable
teamwork the only reason they were still alive. A bullet shot above Keiichi’s head, hitting a nearby
home. He almost stopped in his tracks, realizing that could have been his death. “This way,
Keiichi!”
Rena slipped around a corner, with Keiichi scrambling to get behind it, to grant even just a few
more seconds of guaranteed safety. “Rena, you *huff* better have a good plan!”
“We’re almost there, Keiichi!”
They almost ran into a few other Tojo, who decided to join the hunt. The night was alight with
flames, sounds of combat, and an ever-growing madness that gripped Hinamizawa. A bloodbath
that could silence the higurashi themselves. But if they could be heard, they would not cry, but
weep. “Keiichi, at the upcoming bridge smash the bottles and jars attached to the bridge as we pass
by!”
The command made Keiichi’s mind freeze, his jumbled thoughts becoming surprisingly clear, if
only momentarily. Rena must have set up some traps for the Tojo. Maybe she’s been learning from
Satoko. No time to be daydreaming, they were about to cross said bridge. Like Rena had said, jars
and bottles filled with some clear, faintly yellow liquid had been tied to the bridge with sturdy rope.
Rena slowed down a bit to step in line with Keiichi, as she slammed her nata into a jar. It broke
instantly, scattering glass and the strange liquid on to the bridge behind them. Keiichi followed her
lead slamming his bat into one and then two. They repeated the process until they eventually
crossed the bridge, the wood covered in shards and stained yellow.
Keiichi was about to start running away, but Rena clasped his hand “Wuh, Rena?! We need to go!”
“No, Keiichi. Just hang on a few seconds.”
“Rena, they’ll slip on the, uh, olive oil or whatever on to the glass! We shouldn’t challenge them,
there’s too many!”
“It’s not olive oil, Keiichi.” The boy was baffled, unable to determine what Rena meant. As soon as
the men were in sight, she pulled Keiichi out of sight down below the bridge. A string of curses and
cries of agony could be heard above as he heard the men slip. Keiichi’s gaze stared to below the
bridge. Underneath, below each side of the bridge was a can of gasoline with a thin string attached
to it. It stretched a decent length, near to where Rena and him were.
The boy was stunned, finally adding it up. “R-Rena, what are-!”

It was too late. A lighter in hand, she lit up the thin string closest to her, and ran dragging Keiichi
along. They had made a good distance, before Rena let go of Keiichi’s hand and dived to the
ground. “Protect your ears and neck!” Keiichi heard, but couldn’t fully comprehend it. He
instinctually did something similar to what she did, but he didn’t dive. Rather, an impact sent him
flying forward to the ground.
~~~~
As much as Kiryu could within a few minutes, he treated his minor injuries. A cut on his forehead
the most pressing one, possibly blinding him, if it opened again. He had disposed of ten more Tojo
in the short time that had passed since he left Kuze. Realistically, he could go almost the whole
night doing this, but the damage he had sustained didn’t help.
As he ran through buildings, the night shined out of the corner of his eye. Fire, smoke, and wood
exploded upwards like a geyser. Kiryu almost tripped, a minor shockwave causing windows to
break in the distance. It only ruffled the grass and himself from where he was at, but still. It left him
shaken. What the hell? … Did a molotov cause that?! His face became pallid, as an unwelcome
thought wormed its way into his mind. “No way, that couldn’t have been Rena.” He whispered to
himself, more as self-comfort than genuine speculation.
His composure returned, as another man suddenly appeared. He had come around the corner of a
nearby house, and stopped in his tracks, spotting Kiryu. Instantly, Kiryu realized this new guest was
ferociously strong. He was in his late twenties or early thirties with short black hair that slightly
covered his right eye. He wore a cream suit jacket and blue undershirt with gray khaki pants.
The man must have realized the same, as his eyes sharpened. He bounded forward, his fist at his
side ready to launch out. Kiryu stepped forward, and made to side step it. The strike missed, but as
Kiryu attempted to grasp his extended arm, he leaned back dodging a high roundhouse kick. The
still extended leg bent, and converted into a front kick. Kiryu blocked it, but found himself pushed
back against the wall.
His attacker approached with another straight, which Kiryu ducked. A notable indention was left
inside the concrete wall where his fist was, a web of cracks flowing from it. Kiryu tackled the men,
but was halted by the man’s rear leg keeping him steady. The man attempted to do a standing
guillotine choke, but Kiryu threw them both against the wall, hitting their sides. The two let go, and
threw a straight at one another. The sound was equal to two baseball bats swung against one
another.
Both backed off, the man wincing from a fresh cut on his knuckle from the brass knuckles. No cut
for Kiryu, but his fist was throbbing. Damn, how strong is this guy?!
“Stop! He’s on our side!”
The duo turned to see Ooishi rushing forward. He was panting, waving his arms. As he arrived, he
stopped bent over, gasping for breath. “You really need to quit smoking, Ooishi,” his friend said.
“Ooishi!” Kiryu exclaimed.
“Yep, that’s me, phew. I resent that comment, Akasaka.”
“Well if it’s not that, at least lay off on the donuts.”

Kiryu’s eyes lit up in realization. Oh, this is Akasaka?! I had almost forgotten who he was. … And
we near just knocked each other out. “You’re a friend of Ooishi’s?”
Akasaka scratched the back of his head and sighed. “Yeah, and apparently you are, too? Maybe
don’t dress like a damned yakuza, if you’re helping us? Who are you, anyway?”
Ooishi was about to answer, but Kiryu interjected. “Kiryu Kazuma, and you?”
Akasaka raised an eyebrow. “Oh, so you’re that Dragon of Dojima fellow. No wonder you dress
like that. Mamoru Akasaka, police officer. I’m not sure if I entirely trust you just based on Ooishi’s
word, but he was right about your strength. Hell of a punch, you got.” He loosely shook his fist.
“I could say the same to you. I had brass knuckles on, and did barely anything to your hand.” Kiryu
mirrored Akasaka’s movement. “Uh, sorry about all that. I hope you’re not hurt.”
“Ah, it’s fine. Misunderstanding in the heat of battle. As long as we can count on you, that’s all that
matters.”
“It’s not just the two of you, I hope.”
Akasaka glowered. “A few others, but that’s it. Cowardly bastards up top said we should leave it
be. Screw them, I’m not about to let this village be burned to ash.”
“That’s… very brave of you.”
“Just doing my job… or technically not, in this case. God, the station is going to give me an
earful.”
“Nfufufu, I’ll gladly join you there.” Ooishi added. His face became solemn. “Ok, enough talk. Do
you have a plan, Kiryu?”
“I’m just greeting any Tojo I come across with my fist.”
Akasaka smirked at his comment. “Same thing we’ve been doing. You look a little battered, but not
bad overall. Do you know anything about that explosion that just happened.”
Kiryu covered his mouth, his intrusive thoughts returning. “It could have just been a molotov, but I
have a bad feeling. Not enough time to explain, but I think Keiichi and Rena might be here,
Ooishi.”
The old man’s eyes nearly popped out of his skull. “What?! They should have evacuated, why
would they be here?!”
“Fighting for the same reason we are. And considering all that junk Rena has at that dump she
frequents, it’s not impossible she rigged up something last night or right before the battle started.”
“Rena… that’s one of Rika’s friends, right?” Akasaka asked.
“Yes, so is Keiichi.”
Akasaka’s scowl returned. “Damn it all. What are those two thinking?”
“... Knowing Rena, this is her way of protecting her home. As insane and reckless as it might be.”

~~~~
Keiichi’s vision felt muddled. He saw Rena above him yelling something, but he could hear
nothing. Nothing, but a steady ringing. His head was pounding, but gradually his hearing was
returning to him. “Kei- … can you… we need…” He slowly turned his head, and saw something
odd laying next to him. As his vision cleared, his heart rate increased dramatically. A severed arm
had landed near him, torn muscle and bone sticking out the other end.
He yelped, and clamored up to his feet. Not too far from them, a fire was raging. He glanced at it,
and found himself speechless. Nothing of the bridge remained, and with it so did hardly any of the
fifteen Tojo that had been chasing them. The severed arm may have been the most intact thing left.
Rena turned his head to face hers. “Keiichi, are you ok?!”
He blinked a few times, constantly switching his gaze between Rena and the catastrophe she had
caused. “Rena, what the hell did you do?!”
Rena was startled, taking a step back. “It was a gas explosion trap! Why are you yelling at me?!
Can you hear ok?”
“I know what it was, dammit! You almost got us both killed!”
Rena frowned. “No, I didn’t! That was one of the traps I set up!”
“AN EXPLOSION THAT JUST KILLED 15 PEOPLE WAS YOUR TRAP?!!”
She flinched. “Rena, do you realize what you’re saying?!”
“Of course, I do! Why are you so upset, we’re doing this to protect Hinamizawa!”
“This goes FAR beyond just protecting! Do you know how dangerous gasoline explosions can
be?!”
“Yes! And that’s exactly what we need versus them, Keiichi! We’re fighting the Tojo Clan, how
else are we supposed to defeat them?! We’re just-”
“A couple of kids?! This is-” An epiphany hit Keiichi as he finished her sentence. A sobering look
entered his eyes, as his arms flopped to his sides. “God, what are we doing?”
Fear swelled in Rena. “Keiichi, you’re not… quitting, are you?”
“That’s not what matters right now, Rena. You’re fighting with no regard to your life, and I’m
doing the same thing. Isn’t this enough?”
“What do you mean enough?”
“Look around us, Rena. This is hell.” Tears manifested, as something in the boy finally broke.
“Can’t we just leave this? I don’t want to see you hurt. What is the point of revenge, if there’s
nothing left of the Rena I know in the end? I’m scared, Rena. You… both of us are becoming
something demonic.”
Rena felt herself stop moving. The grief of the boy she loved overwhelmed her. She had to look
away, it was too much. Her glare was at the explosion she had set up. The girl began to shake, and

held herself. But she could not break or back down, not yet. No matter what it took. “I… I can’t,
Keiichi. I have to see this through.”
“Why?!”
“Because, we came here to assist Mion!”
“That’s…! You’re just looking for a reason! If so, why haven’t we attempted to find and fight
alongside her, then?! I get it’s not easy to find her in all this chaos, but we’ve made no attempt!”
“Because I…” She found herself fumbling for words. “We’re spread apart doing what we can! I
thought you wanted to help!”
“I do, but this is enough! Kiryu and Mion can take care of themselves! If anything, we’re just in
their way! At least, let’s go find one of them or leave! Please!”
Something snapped in Rena, her eyes resembling a dead fish’s. She couldn’t take it, and shut down
returning to a more base, primal emotion. She spoke in a flat, monotone voice. “You just want to
save your own skin. You don’t care about me or anyone else, you’re just like Kiryu.”
Keiichi’s jaw was agape. His reaction made her wake back up to reality. Cold, hard anger, the
emotional flame that was the one thing keeping her going. It flickered, its fuel running out rapidly.
Another emotion filled her, an all encompassing feeling of guilt and self-hatred that threatened to
consume her entire being. She instantly regretted what she had said, and covered her mouth in
shock. “No, wait! I didn’t mean it like-”
“Those are the bastards responsible for blowing up our men!” Both swung their bodies to face a
group of five Tojo staring down at them. “Get them!”
Keiichi looked back at Rena. Her bangs were covering her eyes, her teeth about to crack from how
hard she was gritting them. She grabbed her nata and ran. “W-wait, Rena!” Keiichi cried after her.
He picked up his bat and chased after her, more Tojo now chasing them. Keiichi wiped dirt from
his face, a tear coming along with it. How much longer is this nightmare going to last?!
~~~~
Not too long after Akasaka and Kiryu met, the two separated to cover more ground. Kiryu shot a
Tojo in the shoulder aiming at him, and followed up with a stomp to his face to knock him
unconscious. Crap, running low on bullets. He holstered his gun, and dashed away. The sounds of
gunshots were beginning to die down, but this maelstrom was far from over.
And how Kiryu wished it was over, as he rounded a corner and ran into a more open area. There he
spotted Majima. He was about to say something, when he saw Shimano watching a short distance
behind. Majima’s face grimaced. “Normally I’d be happy to see you Kazzy, but…”
Kiryu sighed and readied a combat stance. He said nothing, for nothing needed to be said. There
was a possibility this could happen, and it had simply flourished into reality. 3 for 1 special from
Tough Guy Town. Damn, this is not my night.
“Hey, Cyclops! The hell do you think you’re doing?!”

The two men stared dumbstruck at Mion. She charged forward her katana ready to slash, as Majima
barely parried it with his knife. He rapidly backed up, putting some distance between him and the
weapon. “The fuck are you doing here?!”
“I could say the same to you, fiend! If anyone is going to kick my men’s asses-” She turned and
winked at Kiryu. “It’s going to be this old man right here!”
Understanding flooded Kiryu’s face. She was doing this to save him, but still it was a bold and
dangerous move. A concerned look filled his gaze. Mion nodded, reassuring Kiryu she was ready
for whatever came next. “Don’t stare at her like a dumbass, Majima! Forget Kiryu, that’s the Heir!
You screwed up letting her go, so you get to clean up your own mess!” Shimano barked.
Majima’s eye lept back and forth between Kiryu and Mion. “I won’t hold back, Heir.”
Mion wore a confident grin. “Get out of here, Kiryu! I’ll handle this one-eyed bastard!”
A few moments passed, and then Kiryu ran. Thank you, Mion. You don’t know how in your debt I
am right now. Just make sure you both it out of this alive!
Mion smiled as Kiryu ran off, and stared down Majima. I just had to end up fighting one of the
strongest guys in the Tojo. I’m tired as can be, and this night shows no signs of stopping. She held
her katana steadily, her hands ready to slash down any approaches. But that’s my responsibility. And
my way of repaying you, Kiryu.
A manic grin crossed Majima’s face. “Alright! If you’re so eager to die in his place!” The grin
dropped, as he steeled himself. “Be ready to put your life on the line.” He lowered himself to the
ground, his squat almost a crawl. Neither moved for a few seconds, and then Majima burst forward
slithering in a zigzag formation towards her. His movement unpredictable, but graceful.
Mion slashed her sword diagonally downwards, her katana only meeting an afterimage. Majima has
somersaulted forward, his knife outstretched to cut her ankle. She leaped into the air, the knife
centimeters from the bottom of her shoe. She faced Majima, only to block a mule kick with her
katana. One foot dropped, and he turned on it. Leaping in the air, he kicked with his other to Mion’s
side.
Mion made to slash his attacking leg, but Majima retreated it, twisted again, and connected a kick
into Mion’s side. She grunted from pain. Now facing her, Majima thrusted his knife towards her
face. Mion slipped it, seeing her reflection in it. She went for a horizontal slash, which Majima
ducked backwards limbo-style. His hands behind his back, he used them to kick upwards. The
Heir’s katana blocked again, as she created some distance between them.
Majima stood up with an eager glint in his eyes. “This is the Heir to the Sonozaki? I was expecting
something more.”
Her free hand holding her side, she drew it to the hilt of her katana. Both hands holding it now, it
bent at an unusual angle that gave Majima pause. Despite the clear exhaustion in her expression,
Mion seemed extraordinarily confident in her victory. “You haven’t seen anything yet, pal.”

Chapter End Notes

3, maybe 4 chapters left of this arc.

Chapter 50: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc Chapter 18: Double Demons
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nishiki held limited options in how he could help Kiryu in this chaos. He couldn’t just go beat up
other Tojo except for the few chances he got some alone and knocked them out. The Koi also
avoided contact with the Sonozakis, lest they fire at a would-be ally, not that he could blame them.
So when he saw two kids being chased by twenty plus yakuza, he saw a golden opportunity to keep
them safe. Or ideally, just keep them from being killed.
He joined up with the gang, overhearing something about how the two kids trapped a bunch of
Tojo. The hell have these two brats been up to? Never mind, it’s not important. I’d better keep them
sake assuming they’re Kiryu’s students. He tuned everything else out and quickly took charge being
higher rank than any of the grunts. The Koi started barking orders. Mostly to avoid firing, lest ‘you
dumbasses hit one of our own accidentally’.
The girl yelled something inaudible to the boy, and then they split up. Nishiki had to make a splitsecond decision. The boy seemed the less ragged of the two, so he decided to lead everyone after
him. One grunt wondered why they weren’t splitting up, but Nishiki barked to shut up and follow
him. The lad hastily opened a door to an abandoned house.
A thought entered Nishiki’s head. If the girl said something to him, there’s probably some escape
route hidden in that house. A plan hatched in his mind, and he would be the first to arrive at the
door. “Hang on, no one go inside!” The boy was in the middle of desperately removing a rug hiding
a hole dug beneath the home. He looked up in fear, but was confused when Nishiki winked at him.
They all stood there for a solid ten seconds before one grunt piped up. “W-what are we waiting on,
Boss?!”
“Quiet!” The boy had just been awkwardly staring at Nishiki since he had arrived. Dammit kid,
take the hint! “I don’t see anyone in here, but maybe that’s because they’re hiding. Let’s all go in at
once, strength in numbers and all that.” The lad finally picked up on the fact Nishiki was helping
him, and rapidly disappeared pulling the rug over the hole.
“Boss, I don’t think this is wise. Those kids ended up-”
“Did I fucking ask for your input?!” Nishiki hissed. “Line up and get your asses inside here! We’ll
flip this whole house inside and out and find that little fucker!” Kid, I really hope you had an
escape route, and not just a hiding place. I’m not sure what else I can do for you at this point
besides pretend I didn’t find your exit.
Some men grumbled, but they weren’t about to piss Nishiki off after that display. The men gathered
inside, Nishiki speed walking over to where the boy escaped to start. “Check every damn corner!
He’s gotta be hiding somewhere in here!” As they investigated, Nishiki noticed a particular smell in
the air. There were jars with a strange liquid scattered throughout the house. Wait, is this a gasoline.
“That bitch is going to blow us up!” One of the grunts yelled out.

Nishiki looked at him confused. “W-what are you talking about? I thought some Tojo got trapped
or caged up.”
“Didn’t you hear?! She blew up a ton of us! I gotta fucking get out of here!” The man twisted
around and ran to the exit only to receive a nata in his face for his efforts. He fell backwards blood
and brain leaking and revealed a girl with a manic expression on her face. Before any of the men
could escape, she slammed the door hard on them. She slammed her nata down on the door knob
her side. They weren’t exactly locked in, but no one dared move after what she said next.
“Stay where you’re at, or I’ll blow up the whole damn house!”
Everyone in the room froze. Nishiki’s face became completely pale. Oh no, I didn’t just help them. I
dug and maybe sealed our own tomb.
~~~~
There was nothing resembling sanity in Rena’s mind right now. She was fractured, completely torn
between her near suicidal desperation to take revenge, wanting to stop for Keiichi’s sake, but also
having no idea what to do at this point between the two. She feared she was far too gone. Ironically,
Keiichi was the one that had caught the syndrome this timeline but had broken out of it. But no
syndrome was needed for the poor girl to get caught up in her own mental problems.
But now she had caught multiple Tojo in another trap. Ones she could use to her advantage as
hostages. “I demand the Tojo Clan leave Hinamizawa at once, or I’ll blow up everyone inside!”
“B-Boss, say something!” One of the grunts hissed.
A man cleared his throat before speaking. “What would have us do?”
“I know you must have phones on you or something! Start calling, you have ten minutes!”
Keiichi had returned to her side. “Rena, wait! That man help-”
“Quiet, Keiichi! I’m busy!” The boy took a step back. Once again, she had lashed out at him. And
what broke her heart was seeing the fear he now held in his eyes. She shook her head, and stared
forward. “If you don’t get something within less than ten minutes, boom! And the timer is already
counting!”
The yakuza inside began to yell, with Nishiki quickly shushing them. “B-but, Miss! Won’t you end
up killing yourself as well, if you stay here!”
“... I don’t care if I die anymore. I’ll take you down with me, if that’s what it takes!”
Panic swelled inside the room. “Alright! I’ll start calling! Don’t do anything rash!”
Keiichi was mortified. In truth, he couldn’t tell if Rena was bluffing or not. She had said nothing
about a bomb when she ordered to split up, but the way she was right now. What the hell am I
supposed to do?! I don’t want Rena to die, but if I stay here-!
“Keiichi, get out of here!” Rena demanded.
“What?! No, I’m not going to let you die!”

“Oh, quit it! You don’t care about me, and I wish you would just go already! Leave me be, you
piece of garbage!”
Keiichi’s eyes sharpened. “I know you don’t mean that truly, Rena. Say all the hurtful things you
want, but I’m your friend. And I’m staying by your side no matter what!”
Rena looked at him with sad, tired eyes, and then faced the building again. “Please,” she begged.
“Just go.”
Keiichi took a big breath, and hugged her tightly from behind. “No, I don’t care what happens. I’m
not abandoning you.” He lowered his voice to a whisper. “And I get the feeling you don’t have a
bomb anyway, not that I can positively say that.”
Rena froze. She equally wanted to shake him off, and have him hug her tighter. Say everything was
going to be ok. That this was all just a horrid nightmare and that they could go back to being happy
with friends. She said nothing, and just put all her concentration on the enemy in front of her. I’m
so sorry, Keiichi! Please just go! But the boy would not let go, he would be with her to the very
end. Regardless, of what that end entailed.
~~~~
As Kiryu was running around, he heard some crackling on his walkie-talkie. He stopped, and
picked it up. “Nishiki? What’s up?”
“Kiryu, you gotta rush over here! We’re all trapped and are going to explode in eight minutes, if
you don’t haul ass over here!”
A million thoughts raced through Kiryu’s mind in two seconds. Then, he ran like a bat out of hell.
“Where are you at?!”
“It’s some blue house! Kind of old looking, I think I saw one of those ‘cat holding a coin’ statues in
front of it!”
“I know where that it is! I’m a minute away!”
“Please hurry, man!”
Kiryu dropped the walkie-talkie back into his pocket, and ran like the wind. His mind calculated
the quickest path to get where he needed to. About a minute later he arrived, and saw Rena and
Keiichi in front of the door. He temporarily slowed down realizing the obstacle in his path, but
burst forward. It didn’t matter what who or what was in the way, he wasn’t going to let his sworn
brother die.
“Rena, it’s Kiryu!” Keiichi cried out.
Rena shoved off Keiichi, and turned. Instinctually, she yelled out. “Come any closer, and we all
die!!”
That was the one thing that could make Kiryu stop in his tracks. He nearly tripped forward, but
came to a halt. He had no clue if Rena had some manual way to set off the bomb, but he could
believe it. “Rena, my brother is in there! Please, let him go! I’ll beat up all the Tojo to keep you
both safe, but get them out of there!”

Her eyes darkened. “And what will you do if I say no?”
Kiryu’s expression flashed with a sad disbelief, but then he became lethally serious. “Then I’ll do
whatever it takes.”
Keiichi was about to get in between the two, but even he tensed up at that. Two of his best friends
were about to hurt and maybe kill each other within the next few seconds if he didn’t think of
something. God, if you exist, please help me think of something now! I’ll be a good boy! I’ll burn
all my porn magazines! I just need something“Pretend you’re fighting Kiryu, intentionally lose, and then get the Tojo out through the exit!”
Everything around the boy seemed to disappear. He turned his head, and saw a ghostly apparition.
It resembled something like a creature out of mythology. Twin-horned and wearing some type of
shrine maiden outfit. The goddess looked at him with pleading, but determined eyes. “Please, save
them both, Keiichi!”
It was an incredible experience. But now was not the time be amazed. He had a mission seemingly
from God himself… herself? Details best pondered upon later, he rose his bat and charged forward.
“KIIIIIIIRYUUUUUUUUU!”
Rena was about to attack Kiryu with her nata, but stopped seeing Keiichi rage forward. Kiryu was
mildly stunned himself, and made to block it with his gauntlet. Metal slammed against metal as
Kiryu slightly winced, the impact numbing his arm. “Keiichi, what are-!”
He cut himself off seeing Keiichi’s expression. It was the most resolved he had ever seen the boy,
and yet no sign of bloodlust was there. “Trust me,” he mouthed. He knew what Keiichi was capable
of. That, if anyone could cause a miracle now, it could be the Magician himself. His expression
became solemn, his eyes affirming he understood. Keiichi smiled, and then wound up his bat to
swing at Kiryu’s head, which he easily ducked. “C’mon, Rena! I said I’d be by your side no matter
what! Even if that means we have to fight, Teach!”
Rena hesitated for a few seconds. Even now, she didn’t want to fight Kiryu, but she didn’t see any
other way out of this. The Tojo behind her would have to wait. She flipped her nata to the blunt
side, and wordlessly dashed to join Keiichi.
She swung her nata horizontally to hit Kiryu’s leg. He kicked it away, while blocking another hit
from Keiichi. Keiichi and Rena raised their weapons above their heads, and swung them down. The
Dragon held out both gauntlets to block, their combined weight making him back up a step. He
bellowed out a battle cry, took a step forward, and used sheer force to knock them back.
He took a brief look at Keiichi, then Rena, and took his signature battle stance. “It’s unfortunate it
had to turn out this way, but I will save my brother. Either get out of my way, or step forward if you
want to die!”
Both kids had a presence to them now. Keiichi’s was a furious red, his soul crying out for battle.
But being a red flame, it was also the least hot and betrayed his true goals. Whereas, Rena’s aura
was a calm blue flame. It looked composed on the surface, but beneath was a true fiery rage, her
soul crying out for the injustices she had caused or been a victim to.
Both were overshadowed by the Dragon’s. A massive silver power that sought to overwhelm them
both. But none of the trio would back down. Time was ticking, and the next five minutes would be

critical. Kiryu wasted no time. In one swift motion, he threw off his suit and shirt to reveal the
divine silver dragon on his back. “Come!” Keiichi charged forward with Rena right behind him.
~~~~
Mion was panting heavily. She had taken multiple kicks from Majima at this point, and her body
was really starting to feel the pain. Majima wasn’t holding back, and she hadn’t landed a single
blow herself. He circled her rapidly and then lunged forward. It’s a feint! Sure enough, Majima
stopped, backflipped, and Mion narrowly avoided an upwards kick to her chin. Back on his feet,
Majima threw the knife in the air and stepped forward aiming for an eye gouge.
For the smallest of moments Mion froze, but called his bluff just in time. He caught the knife in his
hand and slashed towards her face. She leaned back, the cold metal grazing her cheek. A fresh cut
added to her complexion, but nothing deep. She slashed her katana down on to the crouching
Majima. He held his knife up to change the angle, it slashed just right above his head freeing some
hairs. Mion attempted a kick of her own, but caught one in the gut instead.
She was forced back and was off balance, Majima thrusted forward with his knife. Mion gritted her
teeth, planted her feet, and caught the knife with her hand. Excruciating pain coursed through her
hand, but she ignored it. Majima was startled, and was twisted forward. His face crashing into
Mion’s knee. She twisted her and his body, and flung the knife from his grasp. It fell into a nearby
bush.
Now unarmed, Majima could not freeze up. He saw Mion winding up another swing, blood now
covering the hilt. He calculated in his head the timing, spun around, and used a jumping
roundhouse kick on the flat of Mion’s katana to launch it out of her hands. The blood assisting in it
slipping out. She briefly panicked, but steeled herself.
She smirked even now. “It’s just down to our fists now, huh. How fitting.”
Majima narrowed his eye. “You sure you want to fight unarmed, girly?”
Mion glared harshly at Majima. She untied her kimono, and with one hand on her shoulder it came
clean off leaving Majima averting his gaze “Woah, the fuck are you-?!” He stopped catching a
glimpse of her back. Along with shorts, her back was mostly wrapped, but he could see a tattoo
peeking out. It had a stark resemblance to his own Hanya tattoo, the horns, and eyes staring back at
him. As she looked over her shoulder at him, he knew her challenging grin matched the one hidden
on her back.
“This tattoo represents my pride as the Heir to the Sonozaki Family. For obvious reasons I’m not
going to show the whole tattoo, but-” She turned to face him striking a stance with open palms and
legs wide for support. “Understand that I’m going to wipe that condescending expression off your
ugly mug.”
Majima stared at her coldly. The sound of his top in the wind, it flew to the ground. On his back
stood another demon. His pride as the Mad Dog of Shimano. And something his pride wouldn’t
allow to be insulted. He was low to the ground, one fist out front and the other near his side lower.
A wild grin stretched across his face. You were a good match for Kiryu, kiddo. Let’s see what you
got.
Mion felt herself sweating on the inside. He was surrounded by a venomous, intensely purple aura.
Seeing him fight Kiryu, he’s got striking, takedowns, and grappling knowledge. Not to mention the

height and weight difference. Meanwhile, I primarily just have my aikido. I’ll need to focus on
ending this quickly.
Majima slunk forward low to the ground, and then rapidly increased his speed. A rising axe kick
that converted into a front kick. Mion guessed the mix-up correctly, and blocked. The strength
behind the blow leaving her arms shaking. He slung his elbow downwards aiming for her neck. She
sidestepped it, and pushed his elbow in while grabbing his wrist and putting him into a nasty elbow
lock. Majima fell forward bringing Mion with him.
The Heir let go and caught herself, but quickly had to roll to avoid a kick from Majima. Both
fighters got up immediately, but Majima rushed in for a takedown. A palm strike to his face halted
his zealous tackle. Majima brought his knees together to avoid a groin kick. Instead, Mion stomped
down and stepped forward with an eye gouge.
Majima’s biggest fear. He made to intercept her hand, but his fingers were caught in her grasp. She
pulled them back harshly, but not enough to break as she received a kick to her side. Majima had
nailed that side three times now, and it burned badly. Her hip was close to cracking undoubtedly. As
for Majima, his fingers stung, but he could still form a fist. It burrowed into Mion’s gut. She
coughed up blood and nearly fell to her knees.
The Mad Dog wondered if he was going too far, but if he didn’t keep fighting he’d be forced to kill
her. Mion looked up at him with a hot-blooded grin, almost spooking him. She grasped his wrist,
turned and used her other hand to grab his shoulder. Lowering her hips, she threw him over her
shoulder and on to the ground. He crashed hard to the unforgiving dirt below, but most of his pain
was coming from Mion twisting his wrist above him.
She made to slam down her foot on to his face. He quickly shifted his head, and went for a
desperate move. He bit into her ankle harshly. A storm of pain shot up her leg, and made her cry
out in pain. She let go and fell on one knee. It was intense enough to make her close her eyes
temporarily, but when she opened them Majima was nowhere in sight.
She felt two arms wrap around her neck and squeeze. Majima had snuck behind and got her into a
standing rear naked choke. He could break her neck here and now, but instead he whispered
something into her ear. “Use that thing Kiryu taught in P.E.”
Her mind flashed back.
Mion was standing in front of her friends. Kiryu had picked her as the helper today, as he showed
off various moves safely with her assistance. He was now behind her, his arms gently wrapped
around her neck in a faux rear naked choke. “This is called the rear naked choke. It’s one of the
hardest chokes to get out of, and is a common choke used to win a fight. Standing like this, you
could stomp on their feet. However, they may just fall back and take it to the ground, and you’re in
a pickle.”
“Does anyone have any guesses as to how you could prevent that?” The students were silent,
whispering among each other broadly puzzled at how to answer. “I don’t blame you for not
knowing. This is a specific counter to the move that really only works if you’re a lot shorter than
the person attacking you. So what you do is-”
Mion fell forward, Majima still latched on. The top of her head would hit the ground, but Majima’s
would hit first. They crashed to the ground. Majima coughed letting go of Mion and fell on his

back. Shimano was completely stunned. The Heir had knocked out his top man. And then she
began to run. He gritted his teeth and began to chase after her.
Until he realized, she had quickly picked up something from her dropped kimono. He tried to slow
down and turn around. But it was too late. Mion fired off three bullets. Two missed, but one hit him
in the shoulder. A fourth passed over his head as he narrowly dodged it by bending over from pain.
He scuttled into the nearby bushes and trees, as Mion shot after him.
After what seemed like forever, Mion sank to her knees. She was wiped out, her whole body
wracked with pain and exhaustion. “Is he gone?” Majima asked in a whisper.
“Yeah, are you ok?”
“I just damn near had a concussion. You tell me.” Majima grumbled while he held his head. “And
you?”
She was still recovering her breath, holding her wounded side. “I just hope my hip is still in one
piece.”
“Yeah, I did nail you there quite a few times. I have to say, Mion. And I mean this, sincerely. You
are one hell of a yakuza.”
“Phew, thanks. I could say the same to you. Honestly, I only won there because you let me. I’m no
match for you.”
Majima scoffed. “Damn you girl, my joints ache beyond belief. Don’t say you were no match. Not
that I necessarily underestimated you, but seriously. For a teenage girl, you can kick ass.”
“And for a washed up old man, you’re pretty good as well.”
“Oh fuck off, I’m not even 30 yet. You’re the one that always calls herself ‘old man’.”
“True, true.”
“Oh, and for the record.” Mion tilted her head as Majima’s voice trailed off. “Give me a damn
warning before you strip out of nowhere.”
Mion laughed boisterously, quickly coughing as she held her gut from pain. Ugh, I hope Kiryu is
doing ok.
~~~~
Shimano bustled through a side path in the forest. He had been shot, humiliated, and was in a fit of
rage. If he wasn’t bleeding out, he’d go bury that girl six feet under for what she did. “Damn that
girl! If that fuckup Majima hadn’t intervened, things would be just-”
“And where do you think you’re going, pal?” Shimano whirled around to see what looked like a
police officer. He opened his palm and made to strike him in the face. The man ducked, and
Shimano received a gut-wrenching punch to his stomach. It felt like his organs were being
reorganized as he nearly blacked out.
He fell to one knee, coughing horrifically. “Who the hell are you?!”

The man looked down at him with disdain. “Mamoru Akasaka, the last thing you’ll see before your
pathetic ass is behind bars.” Shimano roared and went to sloppily punch him. He received a
devastating uppercut to his chin instead. He soared into the air, and crashed back to the ground. As
he slowly sunk down against a tree, Akasaka sighed.
“You idiots never learn.” He quickly pulled out a walkie-talkie. “Officer Shinsuke, I just captured a
high-priority target. Send a couple officers to come grab him. He’s been shot, but I’ll treat his
wound.” He hung up, grabbing some garb from his back pocket, and began to wrap Shimano’s
shoulder. Hopefully, Kiryu is having a better time. I gotta baby this guy now until someone comes
and gets him.
Kiryu was, in fact, not having a good time.

Chapter End Notes

The tricky balance of writing "Mion tattoo reveal would go so hard" and "She can't just be
fucking naked."
Also, I can now reveal the origin of this arc's name. There's a line in Matsuribayashi. Hanyuu
says "If Keiichi is a furious red flame, then Rena is a quiet blue one." And I don't know why,
but that stuck with me as I read through it. Also, it's a Gundam Seed Astray reference kinda
lol.

Chapter 51: Red Soul Blue Flame Arc FINALE: Silver Dragon
Chapter Notes

I would rec this music for listening to Kiryu fight Rena and Keiichi:
https://youtu.be/OjsSGjbnQ70
You have no idea how long I've had this scene in my mind with this music envisioned.
Another milestone down.
Also the art is from the Tsumihoroboshi manga adaption by Karin Suzuragi. Wonderful little
adaption. That said, enjoy the final chapter of this arc :).

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Sparks flew as metal clashed. Kiryu blocked Rena’s nata to his stomach, and held his other arm
high to guard Keiichi’s bat. The boy was clever. He controlled the flow of his power well, and
purposefully reduced his power near the end of the swings. Even against bare skin, Keiichi’s
attacks would only hurt a little. Rena, however, was throwing her full weight behind her attacks,
and was the real threat.
Her nata rose, and he punched down. His brass knuckles walloped the nata to the ground causing
Rena to trip forward. Kiryu hastily blocked an unusual strike from Keiichi, there was a wry grin on
his face. He’s using what Majima taught him. Even in this situation, he can smile. As Rena was
trying to lift her nata back up, Kiryu kicked the flat part sending it a few steps away.
As Rena was distracted and scampered to grab it, Keiichi winked at Kiryu. He nodded, and
‘deflected’ Keiichi’s attack as his weapon went soaring out of his hand. The Magician added his

own power, and made it disappear a ways away. It conveniently landed near the house behind them.
“Oh, crap! Rena, cover me!”
“Right!” Rena answered oblivious to Keiichi’s plan.
As Kiryu continued to fight Rena, Keiichi ran behind the house. A small tunnel had been dug
beneath the abandoned house. He scurried down into it, and removed the rug. “Crawl out through
here!” The whole room turned and saw him. Nishiki breathed a sigh of relief. “Thanks, kid. We’re
even now. Everyone! Line up and let’s get out of here in an orderly fashion! We only have a few
minutes left, hurry!”
Rena turned her head, hearing the shouts from the house. “Your opponent is right here!” She faced
back to Kiryu to receive his shoe in her gut. It was a light push kick, but was enough to make her
fall on her back. Realization filled Rena’s eyes, as an overpowering rage filled her entire body as
she stood back up. “You tricked me! Both of you!”
The girl stood up, her presence going from blue to a deep azure. She made to run to the house, but
Kiryu stood in front of her. “You’re not going anywhere, Rena. Neither of us are until we finish
this.” Her eyes were bloodshot, she turned her nata, the blade now facing Kiryu. She flew into a
murderous rage throwing multiple slashes at Kiryu. They were wider swings and easier to predict,
but she was also going faster and with her full strength. Every blow could be a lethal one, as Kiryu
concentrated to block or dodge each of her blows.
Like a family of rabbits escaping their home, Tojo poured out of the hole rapidly. Panic was
expected, but Nishiki barked out orders and kept them focused and in line. With thirty seconds left
on Rena’s timer and everyone out, they all bolted away from the house running past Kiryu and
Rena fighting. Rena made to swing at one that got close, but Kiryu stepped in her way. He
roundhouse kicked the side of the blade nearly making it fly out of her grasp again.
Seeing that was his sign, Kiryu circled her. He grabbed her arm forcing her to drop the nata,
scooped her up, and ran away from the house. She kicked and made a fuss, but Kiryu wouldn’t let
her go no matter what. Kiryu gritted his teeth, and braced for an impact any second. … But it never
came. He had run some hundred meters from the house, turned around, and saw it still standing in
the distance.
There was never a timed bomb to begin with. Just a desperate girl’s gamble that almost paid off.
Truthfully, it could have become a bomb, but that would have required a risky play on Rena’s part.
But here she was now in Kiryu’s grasp, kicking in the air like a toddler throwing a tantrum. Kiryu
put her down. Not exactly gently, but Rena wasn’t giving him much choice.
She turned around and punched Kiryu in the gut. Kiryu flinched, but it had no strength behind it.
The girl had exhausted everything she had against him, but she didn’t care. She continued to pound
him as tears welled up in her eyes. “It’s not fair, dammit! Why does my father have to die?! Why
are the people I care about put in danger?! Why is my home burning to ashes?! Why?! Why?!
Why?!! WHY?! WHY?!! WHY?!!!”
She fell to her knees, utterly defeated. “Why is my life just one tragedy after another?! Why can’t I
just… *sob* be happy?!” And with that the girl broke down, and wept. She unleashed everything
she had caged up. She had armored herself in self-loathing, hatred, suicidal recklessness, and a
determination to recover her happiness no matter what. It now cost her everything, and there was
nothing more to protect the girl now.

So she felt confused, when a new embrace found her. Kiryu had kneeled, and held her tightly. He
looked close to tears himself. “I’m sorry, Rena. I wish things had gone better. I wish I had chosen
differently. That I was a strong enough man to have prevented this all. Even saying this, I feel is
self-serving.”
“But I want you to know I don’t care about what you’ve done tonight or have done before. That I
can live with you hating me, but that I’ll be there for you regardless. There’s one thing I must ask
of you. A hypocritical thing to ask after everything. A struggle I will deal with myself for a long
time to come, but one I must ask you nonetheless. Please, forgive yourself. Even if it takes years to
do so, one day, I want you to be able to do that.”
Rena couldn’t utter a word. Kiryu’s had stolen her breath away and filled her mind. The silence was
broken by Keiichi stepping forward. “Rena, I… did just pull a fast one on you there. I had to save
them, but still. I’m sorry for that. Not just for that, but everything. I should have stopped you
sooner, and realized that I was encouraging you in the wrong direction.”
He got on his knees, and embraced Rena as whole. “Usually, I have the words for a situation like
this. But like Kiryu said, it feels self-serving to say. And I think he put it better than even I could
have. So, all I’ll say is that we have a lot to answer for. I don’t know what happens next, but I’ll be
there for you. By your side every step of the way. He and I both forgive you, and want to go
forward. Together.”
Fresh tears entered Rena’s eyes. “Why… why are you two the ones apologizing? I’m the one who
nearly killed Kiryu’s brother. Keiichi, you nearly died so many times because of me. I’ve killed…
so many people tonight all in the name of protecting Hinamizawa, and for what? Is there even any
of Hinamizawa left?”
Kiryu let go and faced both Rena and Keiichi. “We’re all killers tonight.” The words left both kids
mute, as Kiryu’s face was filled with regret. “Caught up in the madness of war. This night is just
another blip on history, another grand showing of how cruel humans can be. It probably sounds
pretentious as hell, but that’s just the state of things. I don’t have any of the answers. But what I do
know-”
Kiryu stood up, stepped in front of the kids, and stared at their audience. “I’m not letting either of
you get hurt.” Nishiki had been left stunned at the scene before him. It was extremely rare he ever
saw Kiryu this emotional and vulnerable, but Kiryu’s words brought him back to reality. One of the
men next to him was drawing a gun, and aiming it at the kids. He immediately drew his own, and
aimed it at the man’s temple. “Don’t you fucking dare.”
“The hell are you doing, Boss?! They killed OUR men! I’m not going to just stand by and let them
go!”
“Did I stutter, asshole?” Nishiki shoved the gun’s end into his head physically to make his threat
clear.
“You’re not even our Boss.” One of the other grunts pointed out. “I don’t care if you outrank me!
I’m going to kill the bastard myself!” Nishiki panicked, he obviously didn’t have a second gun to
stop this guy. Rena’s eyes widened, and a new sense of clarity entered them. She stood up and ran
in front of Kiryu, her arms outstretched.
Kiryu was too late to react. “Rena, what are-!” A bullet fired. And after that, there was dreadful
silence.

The Dragon wasn’t able to protect her at that moment. Someone else did. The grunt dropped his
gun, grasping his hand in pain. Ooishi, gun in hand, had just clicked his trigger. He breathed a sigh
of relief. “Phew, that was close. Glad I could make it in time.” Four other officers arrived and
pulled out their guns. Sirens could be heard in the distance. Ooishi clicked his tongue. “Oh, NOW
they send back-up when everything is wrapping up. Damned cowards.”
He cleared his throat and stepped forward. “You’re all under arrest! This war is over!” He glanced
at Kiryu with a smile. “Though, some of you might not be there for long.” A helicopter flew over
making an announcement. “Attention, everyone! This is the Watch Dogs! Put down your weapons
and surrender immediately or we will fire.”
After a few seconds, the Tojo complied and officers got to work cuffing various people. Kiryu
whirled Rena around to face him. “Rena, what the hell were you thinking?!”
“I… I just didn’t want anyone else to die. Weren’t you about to do the same?”
“Yeah, but…!” Kiryu swallowed his words and eventually laughed to himself. He was too tired to
argue anymore. “Ah, never mind. Just never do that again. It’s been a very, VERY long night.” And
now, it seems to have finally come to an end.
~~~~
1 week later
To say the fallout of the war was catastrophic would be an understatement. 93 Sonozaki men and
145 Tojo were killed. Plenty others were wounded, and the hospitals nearby were well occupied.
The only reason more police and the Watch Dogs had shown up was for Tokyo to cover
themselves. But it had already deeply gotten out of hand. A solid third of Hinamizawa had burned
down, and another third had taken some form of property damage. A rebuilding effort was already
being planned to bring relief to the residents, as everyone decided how to continue going forward.
Shion was worried sick and gave Mion multiple choice words after seeing her injuries in person,
but was more than overjoyed to see her alive. Nishiki had been arrested, but thanks to Ooishi and
Kiryu’s good word he was in there only for a few days. Though, he was still being heavily
investigated for his relations to the Tojo Clan. Satoko and Rika’s house was one of the handful of
buildings that took no damage, not that the poor girls had anywhere else to go. They returned
safely, and were able to continue living normally.
The situation with Rena, Mion, and Keiichi was a lot more complex. All three confessed to
multiple crimes, and due to their young age and the complexity of the whole situation, there was a
massive legal nightmare going forward in regard to the trio. Though, Mion would hopefully be out
sooner than later after everything was handled. Majima would be under arrest for the foreseeable
future, confessing to being involved, but not directly responsible for the disappearance of Teppei
Hojo and murder of Mamiya Rina.
As for Kiryu, the Dragon rested. For the day or so he was in prison, he did almost nothing but
sleep. Almost two months now, his life had been turned upside down. And for once, he got the
break he much deserved. Of course, there was never rest for the weary. He had many news
reporters and police questionings to attend to, much like the last fragment.
On some level, it was dreadfully boring to him, but it certainly beat being in war. There were also
rumors going around he may have been involved in Teppei’s disappearance, but Majima denied it.

And Rena never said anything about it, either. Kiryu wondered himself if he should confess it, but
there was still the matter of what him and Rika were doing next.
The Dragon’s home had been victim to burning down, but Kiryu didn’t mind. He stayed at a nearby
hotel, while he was dealing with everything life was throwing at him. Today, The Dragon was
visiting his friends in prison, and it would be the first time he had seen them in a while. A mildly
absurd thing, but absurdity was the norm for Kiryu at this point. And his first would be the Heir
herself. “Look at you! You look as good as new, Kiryu.”
“I suppose… I still feel sore in some areas. How about you?”
“Eh, this old man will live. I’ve mostly just been focusing on babying my hip.”
“You don’t know how grateful I am for what you did.”
“Ah, it was nothing. It was like a club game, and I won versus Majima. No biggie.”
“... Mion, you could have died doing that, or ended up in a situation where Majima was forced to
kill you.”
Mion wore a grim smile. “Kiryu, we all could have died that night. Majima was the one who set up
a situation where I could use that technique in P.E. He even told me to do so.”
Kiryu’s brow knitted. “What technique?”
“You know! When you get in a rear naked choke, and you topple forward and have the taller person
behind you hit their head first?”
“Oh! … Huh, good job for paying attention in class.”
“Honestly, if he hadn’t reminded me, things could have been baaaad. Also, I don’t know what
happened to him. But I shot Majima’s boss in the shoulder. I assume it’s his boss, at least.”
“Big bald guy, nasty eyebrows?”
“Yeah, him!”
Kiryu’s eyes widened and he sharply exhaled, almost a whistle. “He got arrested, but you have no
clue how high up he is in the Tojo.”
“Then let’s both be glad he didn’t get away.”
“You think you’ll be in here much longer?”
Mion’s smile dropped, and she shrugged. “No clue. If you thought the Watanagashi murders were
big, this is its own massive, tangled mess to figure out. I’ve been cooperative and truthful, but…
there’s only so much I can do.”
Kiryu nodded. “I understand. Is there anything you want to say or need before I go?”
“Nope! Just stay safe out there. And… thank you Kiryu for helping me protect my home. That’s
all.”

Kiryu smiled and nodded again. “Certainly, it was the least I could do.”
~~~~
“Teach! How have you been?” Next up would be Keiichi.
“Uh, doing ok? I’ve been insanely busy, but my injuries are healing more or less. You?”
“... Could be better. The good news is that Dad should be out of the hospital soon!”
“I heard. Speaking from experience, a bullet to the shoulder hurts like hell, but is definitely
recoverable.”
“The bad news is that Mom is an absolute wreck. Between Dad and me, it’s pretty selfexplanatory.”
“I’m sure she’s just happy her son is alive. I know I am.”
“Pfft, I was never worried. There was no way me and the K-Meister were going to bite it.”
“The… who?”
“You! That’s my new nickname for you, Teach.”
“I see…” I suppose I’ll take it? “Anyway, the main reason I came here today besides checking up
on you was to thank you. If it wasn’t for your quick thinking, I don’t know what would have
happened.”
Keiichi slightly blushed. “Yeah, about that. I don’t know if I can take full credit.”
“What do you mean?”
“... It’s hard to explain. I’m not sure if I was just seeing things or not. It doesn’t make a lick of
sense speaking logically, but it had to have happened. I saw her with my own two eyes.”
Kiryu’s brow furrowed. “Who?”
“That’s the thing. I don’t know her name, but if I had to take a guess I want to say it was Oyashiro.”
Kiryu’s eyes lit up. Oh, so that’s what Hanyuu was talking about. “Really? What makes you say
that?”
“She was like a ghostly goddess? I don’t even know how to describe her, it was supernatural in
every sense of the word. But if not Oyashiro, who else? I know Oyashiro is usually thought of as a
guy, but it could be a girl? Or maybe gods don’t have genders?”
Kiryu chuckled to himself, puzzling Keiichi. “What’s so funny?”
“Ah, nothing. I’ll believe you. Let’s assume it was an honest miracle. And the goddess chose you
for a reason. You’re a strong kid, Keiichi. I know your current future might look shaky, but I do
think you’ll achieve something great one day.”

Keiichi was taken aback, but smiled looking down. “That’s really high praise of you, Teach. I don’t
know what to say. I’ll just work towards keeping my word. Starting with Rena, and continuing with
anyone else that needs help. Oh, speaking of her… you did hear, right?”
“About her father?” Keiichi nodded. “Mmm, yeah.” Kiryu crossed his arms. “I don’t know how
she’ll take it, but it IS good news.”
“Kiryu, I think it’s the thing she needs to hear more than anything else right now. Are you visiting
her today as well?”
“Yeah, but I got one more person here first.”
“Majima?”
“Yes, actually.”
“Tell him I hope he’s doing well, and that thanks for teaching me that technique. It saved me a few
times that night.”
“Sure, just be careful practicing that. If you think a nun-chuck to the face feels bad, a metal bat
might knock you clean out.”
Keiichi sighed. “Ok, now you’re just starting to sound like my mom.” Kiryu had a good laugh at
that.
~~~~
“The kid said all that?”
“Yep, it sounds like it saved his hide.”
Majima grinned, and leaned back in his chair. “And you were giving me shit about teaching him
that.”
Kiryu slightly frowned. “Lay off, it made sense to say at the time.”
“Tell me, how are the kids?”
Kiryu leaned back himself, his eyes staring at the ceiling. “Uh, let’s see. Rika and Satoko are doing
ok, haven’t talked to Rika much. We’ve both been busy with stuff. Shion was worried sick over
Mion, but is fine. I already told you about Keiichi. Rena, I’m not sure, I’ll visit her later today. And
for Mion… damn you two really went at each other.”
Majima slightly smirked. “The girl knows how to fight. She’s a yakuza through and through. She
nailed Shimano, the baldy bastard. Good riddance, fuck that guy.”
“Half wished it was a bullet in Dojima, but at least you get a break now.”
“Literally a break. Could be a few years before I’m out of the slammer, but it’s fine.”
“You sure? I could try to put in a good word.”

“Kiryu, I’m a goddamned yakuza. It’s fine. As long as I can see my brother one day, that’s all that
matters. Anyway, Mion is healing hopefully?”
“Yeah. You don’t seem to banged up yourself.”
“I’m fine. And obviously, you’re built like a brick shithouse so you’re peachy.”
Kiryu forced an annoyed grin. “Aren’t you just a compassionate saint. Asshole.”
“Bastard,” Majima dryly replied.
“Prick.”
“Dickhead.”
“Dumbass.”
“Fucker.”
“Ugly, one-eyed bitch.”
At that, Majima burst out laughing. “Damn, you just went for the jugular on that one.”
Kiryu shrugged. “I got more, if you’d like to hear.”
“Nah, I think we have more pressing matters going forward.” He leaned in, his smile vanishing.
“What are you going to do next?”
“Don’t you mean, us?”
“You’re the time traveler, Kazzy. I might not remember what happened this loop. Hell, I might not
even BE there next loop.”
Kiryu’s face fell. He brought his hand to his chin, and thought about it. “I’m going to talk with Rika
about that tonight. Like I said before. As much shit as I give you, I could really use your help next
loop.”
“I mean, you could just call up the next me and explain the situation. Just have Hanyuu appear and
I’ll be forced to believe it.”
“Would you even be able to see her again next loop?”
“I don’t know! Tell the story of what happened in this loop. Have Rika use her creepy voice,
maybe.”
Kiryu snorted. “You mean her deep, adult voice? It sounds like you’re setting the next you up for a
solid scare.”
“Well, you can tell him not to be a little bitch about it. I’ve been spooked enough for the two of us.”
“Before I go, I have two things I need to run by you, Majima.”
“Shoot!”

“The first is that… I ended up telling Rena about your past, because I was trying to win over her
trust. This happened when we had our fight. I didn’t mention it to you that day, but I want to tell
you now.”
“Oh, is that it?”
“... Yeah? I figured you’d react stronger.”
Majima sighed, and leaned back again. “Well, duh! Don’t go around just spouting it off to people,
but for that situation, I get it. You’re fine, no skin off my back. The second thing?”
“They found Takano’s corpse in a river yesterday.”
Majima sat straight up, his eye wide. Neither said anything for a few seconds. “So it is something
consistent in each loop?”
“Yes, probably. I can’t say definitively, but it’s the one thing that has been consistently true. And
three times in a row is pretty damning.”
“I have nothing to say, but good luck, Kazzy.”
“Thanks and just thanks in general for all you’ve done for me this loop. I’m sorry the thing with
you know who went so badly.”
“Hey, I suggested the idea. If anyone is to blame, it’s me.”
“I… would disagree, but we’d be here all day and I have things to do. Again, thank you.”
“Yeah, yeah. What would do without a great friend like me?” Majima said with a teasing grin.
Kiryu rolled his eyes, waved to Majima, and set off for his next destination.
~~~~
Ever since that night, Rena had been residing in a psychiatric hospital. At some point after
everything was over, the girl fainted. Since then, she had been recovering slowly both mentally and
physically. Day and night blurred by, and she felt like she was in a purgatory of sorts. Perhaps, a
fitting consequence for her actions. The only thing keeping her from utterly abhorring herself was
Kiryu’s words. It was hard to feel anything positive about herself, but for his sake, she would try.
When she heard she had a guest, she assumed it was another police officer. She nearly gasped when
Kiryu entered the room. “Kiryu! What are you doing here?!”
He slightly smirked. “Is a teacher not allowed to see how his student doing?”
It was meant to lighten the mood, but Rena still looked downcast. She couldn’t bare to look into
Kiryu’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Kiryu. I feel like I have a billion things I need to say, but I don’t know
where to start.”
“Hey, it’s fine.” He sat in a chair next to her bed. “I’m just here to visit. Let’s keep it simple, I’ll
start. How… have you been?” Kiryu cringed at himself on the inside. Yeesh, assuredly I could have
come up with something better than that. We’re both anxious, I guess. But I don’t want her to feel
bad, so fuck it! Fake it till you make it!

Rena didn’t answer, she stared down at her clasped together hands. Kiryu lent a reassuring hand on
her shoulder. “You don’t have to talk about that, either. How about this? Are you feeling better, or
about the same?”
“Um… better.” She trailed off and sighed. “Maybe I don’t have much to say after all. Nothing that
sounds right.”
“For what it’s worth, I said most everything to you, I wanted to after our… um, duel. And you
don’t have to say anything to me, I’m not expecting anything. I just want to make sure you’re ok
and doing well.”
Rena let out a self-derisive laugh. “I’m most definitely not ok.” Kiryu opened and then closed his
mouth. He didn’t want to just spill out some empty platitude. However, Rena spoke in his place.
“I’m not ok at all. But every time I feel like I’m about to go over the edge, I remember what you
and Keiichi said to me. I don’t feel anything resembling joy and I don’t think I will for a long
time.”
“But at the same time, I do think you’ve given me hope for the future. Even if my father never
wakes up, I have friends that are willing to be by my side.”
“... About that, Rena. I actually have some news in regard to your father.” She froze, a swell of fear
entering her mind at whatever Kiryu might say next. But it all vanished as Kiryu smiled at her. Not
one of pity, but of happiness. “Your father woke up last night. He’s recovering, but is finally out of
the coma.”
She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. The girl had felt dead and emotionally numb for the
past week, a flesh doll pretending to be human. The surge of emotions that filled her was let out
like a dam breaking.
“HE’S ALIVE?!!!!”
It had to have been the loudest Rena had ever been. Kiryu winced in pain, covering his ears. Rena
began coughing badly from her strained voice. As his ears began to ring a little quieter, Kiryu
nodded his head. “Yes, he is! I’m as happy to hear it as you! … Am I yelling?!”
Her coughs turned into giggles. “Yes, you are! But it’s fine! Kiryu! Thank you for telling me! My
father is alive! Dad’s alive!!” Tears filled her eyes. Not of sadness, but joy.
He flinched. “Ok, tone it down a little! Sorry, but my ears are still ringing.”
Rena quickly covered her mouth, and blushed. “Oh, um, … sorry.”
“No, it’s fine. It’s fine. It’s just… yeah, give me a few seconds.” As Kiryu recovered his hearing, he
put back on his smile. “I don’t mean to rush off or anything, but that was the main reason I came
here besides making sure you were ok.”
As her emotional high was cooling off, Rena regained her composure. “I… I don’t know how I feel
now. I feel so ecstatic, but also worried and sad but also happy and… I’m just glad Dad is alive.”
She wiped away her tears. “Before you go, Kiryu, could I ask for a selfish favor?”
“If it’s within my capabilities, absolutely.”

Her face turned beet red. “It’s embarrassing to ask, but would you mind… hugging me again? I
wish I could hug my Dad right now, but it might be a while.”
Kiryu’s heart completely melted. He stood up, got on one knee, and hugged her. He held her
closely, comforting her as much as he could. “For as long as you want, Rena. I’ll hug you like this.”
She was still embarrassed, but embraced him tightly. “Hauuu, this feels nice.”
Kiryu snorted. “Why do you make that ‘hauuu’ noise?”
“I don’t know. It just expresses how I feel when I see kyute things.”
“Noted.”
Eventually, Rena let go. “Kiryu, I don’t know what my future looks like. But, I will try my best to
believe I have one, and that I’m worthy of having a good one.”
“That’s all I can ask of you, Rena. The rest is up to you.” The two engaged in small talk for a little
longer, and eventually Kiryu left.
~~~~
“Bro! I didn’t even recognize the number. How are you, man?”
Kiryu was in a phone booth in Okinomiya. It was around 5 p.m., and he still had to visit Rika later.
But before that, he was going to check up on his brother. “Well, my house burned down, so I didn’t
exactly have a regular way to call you.”
“Real estate CEO gets his house burned down. The jokes write themselves.”
“Ah, shove it! How’s the situation at the Tojo Clan?”
“I don’t have anything new to tell you the news hasn’t. Nation-wide coverage, both the Sonozaki
and Tojo being questioned. It’s a crisis for everyone, but it’s nothing the Tojo can’t weather.
Though, it seems like the Sonozaki are pretty done for.”
“To a degree, yes. But I think they’ll survive. I don’t think they’ll ever reach that peak again, but
that’s not a bad thing. I’m sure Mion has a plan in mind. She’ll certainly have plenty of time to
think about it. You doing alright?”
“Ehh, I’m honestly not sure where I stand in the Tojo right now. I think it depends heavily on how
Dad sees it. Actually, he wanted to speak to you now that I think about it. He’s in the next room
over, do you mind letting me grab him real quick?”
Kiryu grimaced. “I… don’t know how I feel about talking to him, but I suppose I’d better.”
“... Sorry, I know things between you two are, uh, awkward. I’ll grab him. Hang on.”
The phone went silent. A few minutes passed by, Kiryu tapping his foot to keep himself
entertained. “Kiryu.”
“Oh, Dad! It’s been a while.” A few months in truth.

“Yes, it has. I do believe the last time we spoke was me yelling at you that this was a dumb idea.”
Kiryu cringed. “... Yeah, it was.”
“And as usual, I was right.”
“Dad, I did help figure out who the guy that stole three million yen was.”
“And did you figure out who killed those two yakuza? Or why? Honestly, I never thought it was the
Sonozakis. That Takano woman has been suspicious since the day she came here seeking to
negotiate. She and that ‘Tokyo’. I want to say it was her, but I suppose we’ll never know.”
Kiryu scowled. “I was going to say, Dad. I actually ended up confronting her with Majima, but we
were outnumbered, and we were forced to let her go.”
“What about it? She’s dead now. Even if you couldn’t finish her off, someone else did.”
“I heard. It’s just… I did ask her if she killed those two men. She said no, and implied it was
someone from the Tojo. A traitor possibly.”
There was a condescending silence over the phone. “And you honestly believe she’s telling the
truth?”
Kiryu grumbled. “I don’t know, Dad! She seemed almost as much in the dark as we are. But with
everything that happened with the Empty Lot, you can’t blame me for being suspicious. Work in a
den of snakes, you start to find out real quick which are poisonous.”
“I’m well aware, Kiryu. That was the whole reason I wanted you to get out and just stay as a
civilian. You were persistent about becoming a yakuza even after I beat the snot of you, and yet I
relented. The only reason you survived 1978 was because I had the right allies to help you. And
here I am this year, repeating the same damn mistake. I should have never let you go to that
wretched village.”
“Hey, don’t say that!” Kiryu snapped. “... Sorry, I didn’t mean to yell. But I resent you calling it a
‘wretched village’. It’s a town like any other. Wonderful people, beautiful atmosphere, even the
Sonozakis are a group of decent people once you get to know them.”
“Oh, and that’s why you fought along side them? Nearly got yourself killed who knows how many
times? Nearly endangered your own brother, because he was trying to help you? Fine, I’ll take back
my comment about the place. Clearly, you’ve grown fond of it. The exact opposite thing you were
supposed to do as an ‘undercover spy’.”
Kiryu was stone-faced. A soft rage was starting to build in him. “I did what I thought was right,
Dad!”
“And that’s your problem, Kiryu. You always follow your heart, but that doesn’t work with the
yakuza. It’s a cold, heartless world here. One I hope you’ve had a good reminder of why you
should have never come back."
“Oh, excuse me for wanting to protect you and Nishiki! You’re right, Dad! I should’ve just left it
up to you! You got me beat in the strategy department, and you’re certainly a better killer than I’ll

ever be! You should have just come here, and nailed every Sonozaki you saw till they started
confessing! That’s the kind of cold, heartless bastard you are! Perfect for the Tojo!”
A long silence passed between the two. A sense of shame filled Kiryu. “S-sorry, Dad. That was
uncalled for.”
“No, it’s fine, Kiryu. I won’t pretend I’ve been a good father. I took you in as a pity case and as for
your real parents… ”
“It’s fine, Dad! Let’s… let’s not go there.”
“I apologize, son. I don’t know what to tell you, and I’m stressed as can be handling my part in the
Tojo. It’s not been a good week for either of us. I’ll… keep in mind you’re idea of a traitor in the
Tojo. Not that I believe that woman, but Tokyo are a slippery group. So who knows, maybe she was
telling the truth. Have a good one, son.”
“You too, Dad.” Kiryu hung up, and let out a long sigh. As much as I want to deny it, I do find
myself wondering where I would be now, if I didn’t hear about that story from Nishiki. Or if I had
just minded my own business. I can’t go back to my original timeline. Whatever timeline I end up
stuck in once this is all over might have ramifications not found in other timelines.
I want to save Rika and her friends, I’ve committed to that. But what do I even do at this point? He
stretched his back, exited the phone booth, and began walking down the street. Hoping to catch a
taxi soon. Well, think of it this way. Rika is just wanting to find a timeline where her friends are all
alive. That actually could be this one, but also most of Hinamizawa is burned down and Takano is
dead. And there are things that will haunt the kids for the rest of their lives in this fragment. … And
yet, I feel nothing over Takano dying again.
As a taxi pulled up, he shook his head. Ah, forget it. I just need to talk to Rika, and figure out what
to do. That’s all we really can do now.
~~~~
Evening had arrived in HInamizawa. The town was in a poor state of affairs, but still people lived
on with their lives. And the one thing that hadn’t changed was the cry of the higurashi. A
comforting noise for Kiryu. He was walking along a side path in the forest. He saw a bullet hole in
a nearby tree. Memories of that night flooded to him, and he shook his head. Trying to free his
mind of the graphic images. It’s over now. It’s over.
Occasionally, he’d look around just to make sure no one was around or following him. This was a
secret meeting after all. Eventually, he reached his destination. The torture chamber behind the
shrine. One of the last places Kiryu wanted to be, but this was where Hanyuu was recovering her
power. And she felt like she had recovered enough power within a week, possibly having some
reserves left over from the last fragment.
He knocked on the door, which Rika slowly opened. “Ready?” She asked.
“As I’ll ever be.”
Rika smiled, and let him in. Kiryu entered, and then gently shut the door behind him. He instantly
got chills. The room was dark only lit by a few lamps. The torture instruments lining the walls

could only faintly be seen. “Of all places, why did it have to be this one?” Kiryu grumbled under
his breath.
“You’re still scared of this place?” Rika teased.
“Au, it’s a nice place!” Hanyuu protested.
If by ‘nice’, you mean on the cusp of Hell, sure. But Kiryu kept that thought to himself, lest the
goddess in front of him whine more. Both him and Rika sat down. “So, Kiryu. You look like
you’ve had a busy day. Tell me about it.” Rika was smiling, her chin in her palms.
“Ugh, can’t we just discuss what to do next.”
“Oh, c’mon! Let’s just ease into that. It’s not often we can just have a nice talk like this.”
Kiryu looked annoyed, but surrendered. “Alright, where do I even begin?” He summed up his
conversations with Mion, Keiichi, Majima, Rena, and finally Nishiki and his father. Rika listened
patiently, just enjoying Kiryu’s company. Hanyuu had already elaborated to her on the details of the
war earlier in the week, so this was fresh to her. “Ok, I just talked at length. What about you? You
seem in a pretty good mood.”
“Let’s just say I got to see a special someone today.”
“She got to visit with Akasaka, and acted like a total dope.” Hanyuu clarified.
“H-Hanyuu! How dare-!” She cut herself off seeing Kiryu’s puzzled look. Her whole face was
bright red.
The Dragon was a bit of a meathead, but even he could do the math. He tried not to smile, mostly
unsuccessfully. “Ohhh, I see. As red as you are, I’d assume you were drinking again. But I don’t
smell any alcohol on you, so it must be something else.”
“Can it! You act like I’m some raging alcoholic!”
“I mean-”
“You too, Hanyuu! Stay quiet!” The goddess giggled to herself, much to Rika’s chagrin. “There’s
nothing wrong with a young girl having love in her heart!” She crossed her arms and pouted.
“You’re right. I just didn’t know you felt that way about Akasaka. I can see why, it’s actually quite
cute. But I figured you only saw Keiichi that way.”
“I-I never said anything about Keiichi!”
“Well, am I wrong?”
She lowered her head, letting her bangs cover her eyes. “No, but… a girl’s heart is a delicate thing.
You shouldn’t tease it.”
“I couldn’t help myself. I’ve never seen this side of you before.”
“Yeah, and I intend to keep it that way!” With a hmpf, Rika turned her head away.

“... We should probably get to talking about what to do next.”
“Yes, we should.” Rika answered, head still turned.
“I’ll just be upfront and ask, Rika. Do you want to stay in this fragment?”
Rika’s eyes widened as she faced Kiryu again. They slowly went back to normal, as she looked at
Hanyuu, then him, and finally at the floor. “I don’t know. I feel split between wanting to and not.
Everyone is alive, if admittedly scarred in some ways. It’s objectively speaking the best fragment
I’ve had so far, but Hinamizawa is in tatters. And yeah that can be rebuilt, but the primary thing
bothering me is just…”
She looked up at Kiryu. “Takano is dead, again. But am I being too greedy, too selfish for wanting
to try again? Hanyuu can’t have that many more tries in her, what if the next fragment is worse than
any we’ve had so far? It’s unlikely, but that’s where my brain is at.” Kiryu looked troubled, his
silence unnerving Rika. “Kiryu, is there something wrong?”
“This… might sound cruel, but is it necessary to save Takano?”
Both Hanyuu and Rika lost some color in their faces. Hanyuu decided to let Rika answer, and
returned to focusing her energy. “Y-yes! I want to save her! Don’t you?!”
“... Don’t misunderstand me. You saw her past, and felt compassion for her. And I do feel sympathy
for her. She got a shitty hand dealt to her in life. But she’s also willing to go as far as genocide the
whole town. A couple thousand people off the map, just like that. No amount of horrific things
done to her can justify that.”
“Ok, but she hasn’t yet, has she?! Haven’t you forgiven me and my friends for doing thing worse
than she has?!”
Kiryu frowned, his eyes remaining on the floor. “Nothing you or your friends have done are worse
than the horrific actions she's taken in other fragments. They pale in comparison to her sins. I just
don’t understand why you want to save the person that killed your parents. Wouldn’t you want
them dead instead?”
Rika was startled by his question. Her face became solemn. “... Logically speaking, you’re right,
Kiryu. But I’ve lived so long with my parents being dead, I don’t even remember them well at this
point. And I know it’s awful to say, but I don’t think I even care anymore. I’ve grown numb to it.
It’s just a part of my life now. Maybe if I got a chance to see them again, I’d feel something, but
there’s just nothing there now.”
Kiryu stared at her now seriously. “It’s just… it’s not right! A child shouldn’t have to grow up
without their parents! It’s tragic enough if it’s from an accident or illness or whatever, but killed?!
Murdered in cold blood! I… just know this is one of the very few things I find completely
unforgivable. It’s not even my place to forgive her, but I just don’t know how to feel about
Takano.”
Now Kiryu was the one showing a side of himself Rika hadn’t seen before. A question formed in
her mind. Perhaps too personal to ask, but it was entirely relevant. “Kiryu, did something happen to
your parents?”

Kiryu sat still. He looked extremely uncomfortable. Rika quickly interjected. “I mean, you don’t
have to answer. I understand if-”
“My parents were killed by someone very close to me. … Someone that was very close to me.”
Rika froze. She said nothing, as Kiryu continued. “For personal reasons, I’d rather not say who. But
three years ago, they confessed it to me. I knocked them out, and Nishiki had to rip me off of them
with how furious I was. I didn’t talk to them for months after that. Eventually, Nishiki insisted I at
least try to talk to them for… various reasons. And since then, we’ve had a technically stable,
sometimes even good relationship.”
“I’ve been able to forgive them mostly over the years, and I don’t want them to die or be killed or
anything. But I still find my old anger cropping up sometimes. And just everything these last two
months and dealing with Takano, I can’t help but feel almost… glad she’s dead. But also that’s
really fucked up to think, and I don’t want to think that. I don’t want to feel like that. It’s not at all
pleasant.”
“... I see. Um, I do think some of her actions have been influenced by the syndrome.”
“... Does that include killing your parents or killing you hundreds of times? Or the thousands of
deaths in the fragments her plans are successful?”
At that, Rika had no answer. She could only hang her head. “I don’t know, Kiryu. It’s not that I
hold no animosity to Takano. She has done awful, terrible things beyond redemption. But still, I
want her to live. I want her to live in a fragment where her actions never result in that. It can be
behind bars forever, or as a reformed member of society some day. Whatever happens to her is up
to her. I just want to give her that choice and show she doesn’t have to follow this horrific path, and
she won’t receive that choice if she dies. And that falls in line with your way of thinking, right?”
After a long pause, he sighed. “Yeah, it does. I’m just tired, irritated, and bitching up a storm. And
you’re the only person I can really talk to about this sort of thing.”
Rika wore a comforting smile. “I’m happy to.”
“Back to the topic at hand, do you want to stay here or not, Rika?”
Rika took a few deep breaths in and out. “I think, I want to go to the next fragment. It’s risky, I
know. But I’m committed to saving everyone. I’ve had multiple anxious thoughts about the idea of
our luck getting even worse, but also it’s hard to get much worse than this fragment.”
Kiryu snorted. “You got a point there.”
“My friends are all alive, but at what cost? I just… are you ok still wanting to do this, even though I
want to save Takano?”
“Again, I was just venting. I’m a businessman, and us businessmen separate our personal feelings
from work. And according to our contract, there’s still work to be done.”
Rika nodded with a smile. “I see. Anything else we should discuss plans wise?”
“I got nothing. We discovered the identity of our three million yen man, and it didn’t help us a
damn bit. Let’s just get to the next fragment, and go from there. And I hope we can figure out
something.”

Rika’s smile fell, and she shrugged. “What else can we do?”
“May I say something?” Hanyuu inquired.
“Oh, sure! You’ve been awful quiet, Hanyuu. I almost forgot you were here.” Kiryu answered.
“Apologies, I’ve been meditating, trying to find the right path like I did before. I’m ready to go, but
before we do, I earnestly believe something special will happen next fragment. I don’t have a basis
other than while I’ve lost some of my power, I’ve also gained some. Keiichi physically saw me,
and that’s never happened before. I was able to actually intervene, and help save them for once.”
“Most of my life has just been doing nothing. And when I finally could do something, I acted like a
selfish fool. But dammit, no more! I’m going to take us to a fragment where something special will
happen! I swear it!”
The two were shocked. And shortly after, Rika burst into laughter. Hanyuu was perplexed. “I-I’m
being serious here!”
Rika was on her back laughing almost hysterically. “I know, but I’ve never heard you curse like
that before!” She couldn’t continue speaking, laughing harder.
Hanyuu’s face went as red as a tomato. “Oh, no! I did! Au, au, au, au, you heard nothing! It was a
slip of the tongue! Please pretend you never heard that!! Au, au, au!!”
Kiryu was chuckling himself. “Dang, is this what they mean by the curse of Oyashiro?”
She covered her face with her hands. “Let’s just… go to the next fragment please, au, au.”
~~~~
Any moment, I’m going to hear those bugs. Sure enough, the familiar serenade of the higurashi
filled his ears. Yep, there they are. I’m probably getting too used to this by now. He stared at his
clock, still feeling half-asleep. 6:20? Huh, alright. Let’s get going. He was laying on his side, and
turned to his other.
“Morning, sunshine.”
“WOAH!!” Kiryu jolted out of the bed and fell backward out of it. He scrambled up just to make
sure he was awake and not dreaming. Majima had been lying right next to him, and had the widest
grin on his face. “Got your ass!”
“... I am going to fucking kill you, I swear.”
Majima cackled as he threw the sheets off him, and got out of bed. “Ready for another day, Kazzy
boy!”
I hate it here. As he recovered his composure and sat on a nearby chair, a thought occurred to him.
One that would be quickly answered. “Man, I had the CRAZIEST dreams last night. Like it was
insanely vivid and detailed. You were like some time traveler with a ghost goddess, and some
insane shit happened with this Teppei guy. An all out war broke out, I fought the freaking Heir to
the Sonozaki Family and lost?! Like, how the hell can I remember pretty much every detail, too?!
What a wild night.”

Kiryu stared at him blankly. Majima was still grinning, but it fell a bit as his brow furrowed.
“What? Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Majima, I am fully serious when I say every single little detail in that dream happened. I just
travelled from that world to this one.”
His eye went wide, his mouth agape. And then he cackled again. “Good one, Kazzy! You had me
going there, haha!” Kiryu stayed staring at him, fully serious as he said. Majima found himself now
confused. “You’re… you’re not joking?”
“I’m not, Majima. It seems you retained the memories after all, though less clearly than I do.”
Now Majima was starting to freak out. “Woah, wait! You’re telling me that shit was real?!”
“Don’t you remember other things? Like me talking about the first two loops? Rika and Hanyuu?
C’mon, I know it’s in there.”
Majima stared at Kiryu speechless for twenty seconds. He sat back down on the bed, and stayed
silent a while longer. “... Well, shit. When you put it like that, I guess I have to accept it.”
“Give your mind some time. Trust me, it threw me for a loop the first time too. No pun intended.”
“No kidding, my mind feels like it’s on a damn roller coaster.”
“If you can tell me, where do your memories cut off?”
Majima squinted his lone eye. “Things start to get fuzzy after that fight with the Heir, … or I guess
Mion. That would be her name. The fact you’re here now means something must have gone
wrong.” He now stared at Kiryu. “What happened?”
Kiryu quickly explained what had occurred the week after. Majima continued to nod. He asked
some questions filling the few blanks in his memories, just to make sure he was up to speed. Once
Kiryu was done, Majima stood back up and crossed his arms. “Goddamn, sounds like I really
fucked up last timeline.”
“Could be worse. Could have been like my first go.”
“You know what this all means, right?”
“Uh, I think?”
“It means I need to do twice as good this time, Kazzy! No fuckups on my part this time, I swear it!
You’re going to see the absolute PEAK of what Goro Majima can do!”
Kiryu looked at Majima with disgust. “Ugh, I get enough of you as is.”
“Well, too bad! You’re stuck with me again, and I’m going to do RIGHT this time!”
“I… appreciate your enthusiasm, Majima. But speaking plainly, I could just go for some breakfast
right now.”
“Can do, Kazzy. One Majima Special coming right up!”

~~~~
After a shower and getting dressed, Kiryu joined Majima at the table and ate his breakfast. He
looked around, observing his house. “Feels strange seeing this all back in one piece again.”
“Oh, yeah. I have a vague recollection it burned down. A shame too, it’s a nice house.”
As Kiryu finished his food, he stood up, washed his plate off, and went to leave. “Where are you
heading off to?” Majima asked.
“I just need to take a walk. It’s Thursday, and we’re getting closer to Watanagashi each loop. I need
to just settle my thoughts, and figure out what to do going forward. Figure out what’s new about
this one. Hopefully, nothing major.” Though, if it is major, ideally it’s something ‘special’ like what
Hanyuu wanted.
“Fair, have a good walk. We got school today, so don’t be too long. My memories are jumbled up,
but I think you’ve already introduced me to them in this timeline?”
Kiryu searched his own memories to confirm. “Seems so.”
“Then enjoy your walk, Kazzy. I’ll clean this crap up and meet you there.”
Kiryu nodded and exited the house. Donning his usual attire, he began to walk and found himself
alone with his thoughts. Early in the morning, Hinamizawa was peaceful. Very few people were out
at this time, and Kiryu did love the atmosphere of the town at this time of day. As overwhelming as
everything could be, this was one of those small things that gave him peace of mind.
His mind wandered, and before he knew it he had walked almost a kilometer. He was awoken from
his thoughts, an unusual sight in the distance. Not too far away, a boy was wobbling. He looked
exhausted. Before Kiryu could say anything, the boy tripped and fell. Kiryu ran over, and helped
him up. “Are you ok, kid?!”
The boy coughed a few times, Kiryu helping him back to his feet. “I’m… fine, I think. I just lost
my balance there.”
Taking a closer look at him, the boy wouldn’t be out of place in a hospital. “Jeez kid, you look
completely out of it. Did you come from a clinic or something? Let’s get you back, you look
unwell.”
“No!” The boy swiftly denied him.
Kiryu frowned. “Why? You look as sick as a dog.”
The boy avoided eye contact. “I… I can’t, ok! We’re in Hinamizawa, right?! I need to… to hide
somewhere, please!”
Questions were stacking in Kiryu’s mind by the second. “Kid, what’s going on? Who are you?”
The boy kept his mouth shut, considering if he should answer. “If I tell you, will you promise to not
take me back.”
He looked at Kiryu with innocent, pleading eyes. “I’ll… do what I can. But I can’t do anything
until I know your name, much more what is going on.”

“Can I just tell my name for now?”
“Sure, it’s something.”
“Ok, just, if you’ve heard of me, don’t freak out or anything. I probably couldn’t answer your
questions anyway, I’m trying to figure out things myself. I’m not even sure what year it is.”
“I won’t freak out, so tell me. What is your name?”
The lad hesitated to answer, but eventually did so. “Satoshi, Satoshi Hojo. I need to find my sister,
and make sure she’s ok.”
Time seemed to stop for Kiryu. And who could blame him? One of Hinamizawa’s greatest
mysteries was being answered right in front of him. One not even Rika held an answer to. What the
fuck?

RED SOUL, BLUE FLAME ARC END
BLOODSTAINED ANGELS ARC BEGIN

Chapter End Notes

That's another arc done. Honestly, I don't have much anything grand to say beyond just thank
you so much for everyone that reads this, and that I look forward to writing our second to last
arc. I got the whole thing drafted out, it's just a matter of writing it. I hope you enjoyed it. If
you're reading and don't mind, please comment your thoughts on the arc as a whole. This has
been and will probably stay the longest at 19 chapters and around 80k words. It also was very
ambitious at the time I was coming up with it, but I've been writing for so long now I feel like
it was almost easy in some ways now. Just happy to have completed it, and having 3/5 arcs
down :).
(Also, taking a wee break because goodness I really did just do 16k words for this fic within
last 3 days.)

Chapter 52: Bloodstained Angels Arc Chapter 1: Something Special
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Satoshi Hojo. The boy who murdered his aunt in 1982. The love interest of Shion. And most
importantly, Satoko’s lost older brother. Not since his first loop did Kiryu have so many questions
on what could be going on. But Satoshi’s look of fear brought him back to reality. Kiryu closed his
eyes, and put on as comforting a smile as he could give. “Sorry, that name gave me a start. But only
because I teach a girl named Satoko Hojo. Would you happen to be related to her, young man?”
The horror in Satoshi’s eyes eased away as his sister’s name was mentioned. “You teach her? So
she’s ok? She’s alright?”
Kiryu hesitated for a half-second. The girl hadn’t exactly been ‘ok’, but a lot better than under her
abusive aunt and uncle. “Certainly, she is now better than she used to be.”
A wave of relief flooded over Satoshi. “Oh, thank you. I’m… really grateful… to hear she’s doing
ok.” Satoshi’s breathing became slower and more relaxed as he closed his eyes. “Please… tell her
I’m coming… home now.”
The lad crumpled in Kiryu’s arms making him instantly alarmed. “Oy, Satoshi! Stay with me!”
Kiryu quickly checked his pulse, and it was stable, if a bit slow. Kiryu looked around ready to call
for help, but there was not a soul around. As he held the boy in both arms, his gaze slowly drifted
to the direction of the Irie Clinic.
Things were starting to add up in Kiryu’s head. … Is that where he’s been all this time? Not
counting the Irie Clinic, the closest medical facility is over in Okinomiya… He looked down at
Satoshi. He looked exhausted, but simultaneously at peace. There’s a lot of missing links here, but I
can ask about those later. I need to get this kid some help, and I get the feeling the Irie Clinic is the
last place I should head to.
~~~~
Kiryu rushed home with the boy in his arms. He took a few side roads to avoid any potential early
worms. Good luck explaining to people why he looked like a kidnapper. Eventually, he reached his
house, leaned Satoshi against him with one arm, and opened it up. As he carried Satoshi inside,
Majima was reading a magazine facing away from the two.
“Welcome back, Kazzy!” He began to turn around. “Find anything that stuck-” His mouth was left
open as Kiryu quickly closed the door with his foot, Satoshi in both arms. “... out?”
Kiryu gently lay Satoshi down on a nearby couch, leaving Majima mouthing words. He sighed, and
held up a hand. “Don’t ask. I’m in the dark as much as you. All I know is that he’s Satoshi Hojo.”
Majima blinked a few times. “As in… Satoko’s missing brother?”
“Yes.”
“Huh, … well, that’s a pretty big change.”

Kiryu had his hands on his hips looking down at the resting Satoshi. “You’re telling me… “
Seconds of silence passed between the men. The only sounds in the room were a ticking clock and
Satoshi’s breathing. Majima cleared his throat. “So, uh, the fuck do we do in this situation?”
“I have not the slightest idea. Contact Rika and Hanyuu?”
“Yeah, sure. The kid’s skin is pretty pale. Looks like he hasn’t seen the sun in a year. Speaking
from experience here.”
“I have no clue what to make of all this. I’m going to get in touch with Hanyuu.” And confirm if
this is what she meant by making this fragment ‘special’.
~~~~
Rika ran like a cheetah. She had awoken half-asleep to a frantic Hanyuu. At first, she thought it was
a strange dream. Then Hanyuu started to go into more detail and her mind woke up. In a matter of
minutes, she had rushed out of the house in a basic schoolgirl uniform. Not recklessly enough to
wake up Satoko, but her bed head was on full display.
Countless feelings overwhelmed her, but what was leading her charge was pure curiosity. She had
to confirm this truth with her own two eyes. The boy that had alluded her for every loop she had
entered. The one she had tried so many times to find, only to eventually give up. Only recently had
she discovered the boy had been taken into to the Irie Clinic, but what happened to him after?
Unknown. And then everything with Kiryu and the Tojo happened.
So why on Earth was he here now? And what had happened to him? And how would everyone else
react? How would Takano potentially react? Like a torrent of rain, the queries continued to add on,
and she would drown in them, if she didn’t focus. By the time she got to Kiryu’s house, she was
wheezing. God, I hate how this body never gets stronger!
She rapped on the door, Kiryu taking a moment to confirm it was her and he opened it. She nearly
knocked Kiryu over, as she rushed inside. As the boy entered her vision, she came to a stop. He was
just like she remembered. Well, almost. A little taller, a little older now, and much thinner and weak
looking. But it was undeniably Satoshi.
She began to cry, but not from sadness. Tears of joy and disbelief that her long-lost friend could
return to her. She slowly reached out her hand and laid it on Satoshi’s shoulder. It slowly rose and
fell. “... Hanyuu, is this your doing?”
Hanyuu was sniffling herself. “I… I don’t know. I badly wanted something special for us all. But
this? I never thought we’d see him again. Au, au, what do we do?”
Kiryu and Majima gave the two some distance. The depth of the two girls’ feelings were blatant.
Questions could wait. A few minutes passed as the two girls talked. From her pocket, Rika pulled
out a syringe of C-103, and she stared at Kiryu and Majima. “This is the medicine Satoko takes to
keep herself stable. Do you think… this would help him wake up?”
The Dragon shook his head yes. “There’s some faded scar tissue around his neck. Even if he
doesn’t wake up from it, we should give him some just to be safe.”

Majima shrugged. “It’s a miracle the kid could even walk a distance. You just found him out in
Hinamizawa walking, right?”
Kiryu nodded. “My guess is that he came from the Irie Clinic. But why he’s been there for nearly a
year, much less what’s happened to him since…”
Rika looked down at the floor and sighed. “All I and Hanyuu know is that he was submitted to the
clinic in 1982 not too long after Watanagashi. But we were never able to figure out what happened
past that.”
“Y’see that’s where I'm lost.” Majima spoke up. “I thought those fragments were a way to see into
other timelines. Can’t you like… see the whole history of each fragment?”
“Not quite,” Hanyuu corrected. “It’s more like a window into the world, the ability to see different
times and places in detail. But trying to pick and choose a specific time and place, I’ve never had
any luck with it. Even the amount of time I and Rika have travelled back in heavily varies. It’s only
the last thirty to forty loops our time has been severely decreased from years to max a month before
Watanagashi.”
“I see… what are we waiting for? Give the kid the magic potion.”
Kiryu frowned at Majima, but decided to let it pass seeing Rika smile slightly. The girl took a deep
breath, and slowly injected the medicine into Satoshi’s body. A minute passed, and then the boy
grumbled to everyone’s shock. Another minute more, and his eyes opened. His vision felt blurry
and strained, but it cleared over time to see Rika looking down at him. “Rika?”
“Satoshi… Yes, it’s me, Rika! Your friend!”
Satoshi flinched and closed his eyes. Hanyuu floated down near to her descendant. “Rika, give him
some space. I know you must be excited, but remember. He must be confused and in pain right
now.”
“... Right.” Rika took a step back, reigning in everything she was feeling. Satoshi opened his eyes
again, his gaze shifting to Rika and then Majima and Kiryu in the distance. “You… you saved me?”
He mumbled.
“So you remember. Yes, my name is Kiryu. I’m Rika’s teacher. This man here is Majima. My
friend and assistant in class.”
“Teacher?” The word almost sounded foreign to the boy. Everything felt off. Even just talking felt
weird. He intended to sit up, but his body didn’t move a muscle. Movement now felt alien to him,
and he wondered how he had managed to get out of the clinic. All he could remember was the wish
of some girl. Her voice sounded almost divine.
She had prayed for something special this time, and he had answered that call. Using all of his
strength he had built up. Now vanished, gone with the wind. Much like everyone else, Satoshi had
many things he wanted to ask about. He already knew Satoko was ok, and that was his primary
concern. Logically, the next question was to ask, “Where am I?”
“You’re in my house. … Um, you’re not kidnapped or anything, for the record. This was just the
safest place I could think of for now.”

Satoshi blinked a few times. “Not Satoko’s place?”
“Uh, well… “
Kiryu fumbled for an answer, but Rika interjected. “Satoko is living with me, Satoshi. But here’s
the thing. A lot has happened. It’s been almost a year since you disappeared.”
Satoshi knitted his eyebrows. He was starting to feel his face, thankfully. “What?”
“It’s June 1983. As much as I’d like to reunite you with Satoko right now, things are…
complicated.” Jeez, what do I even say to him?
“Understatement of the century,” Majima grumbled.
Ignoring the Mad Dog’s comment, Kiryu stepped forward. “Maybe I should wait a little longer to
ask, but it would help us all to know, Satoshi. Do you remember anything that’s happened within
the last year?”
Satoshi frowned. “All I vividly remember was being rushed inside some clinic. I think a man
named… Erel was trying to help me?”
“Probably, Irie.” Kiryu clarified.
“I have… very vague memories. Snippets of voices. Movements of my body that aren’t my own.
Brief glimpses of figures over me. And nightmares. … Horrific nightmares.” A sobering
atmosphere entered the room as his voice trailed off.
Majima held up his hand to his chin. “Sounds like a coma. Maybe not exactly that, because most
coma patients don’t just wake up and start walking. But he doesn’t look too atrophied, either.
Whoever was taking care of him did a good job. Made sure to do some passive range of motion.
Flexion/extension, abduction/adduction, all that jazz.”
Kiryu looked at him with a puzzled glance. “I just mean someone was moving his limbs around to
make sure they got some, hell, ANY exercise.”
“Where in the world did you learn those terms at?”
Majima snorted with a smirk. “Dated a nurse for a bit. It didn’t work out, but you get those girls
yapping about their lives, you learn a thing or two.”
Kiryu nodded, and now faced Satoshi. “I think we’ve mostly figured out now what your deal is. If
you have any other questions, ask away.”
Satoshi looked at Kiryu, and then Rika. She nodded. Satoshi closed his eyes. If he could put his
hand on his head, he would. He felt like a migraine was coming on. “I don’t even know where to
begin. I'll just summarize what’s happened since I ‘disappeared’. And I’ll ask as I go.” Has it
seriously been a year? … Oh, Satoko. Dammit. I’m so sorry…
~~~~
Deep in the Irie Clinic, a man was putting in a number into a phone like his life depended on it.
And in a sense, it maybe did. This was now the fourth time Irie had tried to call Takano. He was

sweating bullets. It was supposed to be a normal day like any other. Perhaps, a bit more anxious of
one as Watanagashi was now a few days away, but nothing like this.
He had started the day like any other. Wake up, get dressed, arrive at the clinic, do his daily checkup on Satoshi, and what do you know? The kid had literally escaped somehow. He had run down
the road in front of the clinic, wondering if maybe he had wandered off a distance. This was his
patient, how could he have lost him? And more importantly, where had Satoshi found the strength
to stand up, much less walk?
His mind was wracked with worries, and he had done the only thing he could think of. Constantly
call Takano in hopes she’d pick up, but nothing yet. And as a dull ring sounded over the phone, he
slammed the phone down. “Dammit! Why won’t she answer?! Is she busy with those Tojo?!”
He felt like he was about to tear his own hair out. On some level, he was happy that Satoshi had
recovered enough to be able to walk. He had done everything in his power to help the boy recover,
and he had equally helped Irie in his research. But for all intents and purposes, the boy was
considered disappeared or dead now.
Someone finding him could wreak havoc on everything they had built up to. Forget possible legal
repercussions, maybe the Mountain Dogs would come after him and silence him for good. It was
times like this, Irie wished he was stronger willed. That he had never gotten involved with Takano
and her insanity. All he wanted was to fix situations like his parents’, become a top researcher in
neurosurgery. How had it come to this?
As far as he had fallen, he was willing to put his life on the line to protect Satoshi. Satoko meant
the world to him, and it hurt his heart heavily to hide the truth from her. But all he could do now
was freak out, and feel powerless. The best he could hope for right now was that a Mountain Dog
wasn’t heading his way with a gun in hand.
~~~~
After a long, detailed answering session, Satoshi finally felt somewhat up to speed. But he now felt
all the more lost to what to do. How would his sister react? How would the rest of his friends react?
And what about Mion, had she been doing ok? Or wait, wasn’t it Shion? He hadn’t asked about her,
but he wondered how she was.
He did have one final question. The other four shared it, but he would be the first to ask. “What
now?”
He stared at Kiryu causing him to shrug. “I’m going to defer to Rika.”
“Me?” Rika asked, pointing at herself.
“Yeah? I mean, what do you judge as the best course going forward?”
Rika crossed her arms, and sat down in a chair nearby. “I… think we can bring him to school?”
Majima mildly scowled. “You sure about that, Rika? Can the boy even walk?”
“I feel a bit stronger now.” Satoshi answered. He sat up with some difficulty, holding his head.
“Walking might be difficult, but I was doing it earlier. I think I’ve rested long enough I should try.”

“Fair enough, but… Rika, you’re aware of what could happen if we just casually show up.”
“... I think it’s because of that we have to, Majima. It’ll put a wrench in her plans, for sure.”
Satoshi felt lost. “What are we talking about?”
“Nothing, sorry. Um, Satoshi?”
“Yes?”
“I know this might be a lot to ask, but… would you be willing to come to school with us? Satoko
should be there by now. Everyone should be. I… don’t know how everyone will react. It will
probably be chaotic and maybe too much for you to handle right now, so we can hold on a little
longer, but-”
“Please,” Satoshi interrupted. “Take me to my sister. I need to see her. I… I want to see her. And I
need to give her something, though, I think I left it back in the clinic…”
Rika wore a warm, reassuring smile. She felt like she was going to cry again, but she’d best hold it
in till they got to the school. “Ok, Satoshi. Let’s go see your sister.”

Chapter End Notes

Felt like the damn Riddler talking about questions so much, but it's just one of those chapters
where everyone is confused and wanting to know something.
Also, a brief note about a certain thing with Majima in this chapter. I'm not ignoring canon. It's
just that it would be a spoiler for later games, so I won't mention it. But like if you've played
Yakuza 5, you know what I mean, lol. Personally speaking, never been a big fan of it. I think
it's rough writing for both characters.

Chapter 53: Bloodstained Angels Arc Chapter 2: Reunion of the
Century
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Before the four could get going, Kiryu suggested it would be best to give Kaieda a heads-up. Thus,
Kiryu was about to call the man. Before he could, Majima put a hand on his shoulder. “You sure we
can trust this guy?”
“I thought you already did?”
Majima glowered. “Don’t mistake this loop’s me for the last one. I’m still sorting out my
memories. I vaguely recall something on him, but that’s it. And better safe than sorry.”
“The man was crazy enough to want to fight alongside us against the Tojo. He had to be ordered by
the police several times to evacuate before he did. I understand your skepticism, but the man has
been consistently an ally no matter the loop.”
Majima looked on a little longer with suspicion, and eventually shrugged letting go of Kiryu’s
shoulder. That settled, Kiryu rang up the school. “Kiryu, is that you?”
“Yes, it’s me, Kaieda.”
“Goodness, it’s a little early. Are you not able to come in today? Or did something happen with that
Majima friend of yours?”
“No, nothing like that. Actually, something far more serious. Something best discussed in private.”
There was a pause before Kaieda replied. “Go on.”
Kiryu summarized his encounter with Satoshi, and how he had brought him back to his house for
treatment. Kaieda was utterly befuddled. “Shouldn’t he be in the Clinic?”
“That was my first thought too, but consider this. The boy pleaded to not take him back there, and
he suddenly returns after roughly a year out of nowhere? It reeks of something fishy over there.”
Kaieda pondered his reasoning. “Aye, there is something foul about all this. Do you really think it’s
the best idea to bring him to the school, though?”
“To be frank, I’m out of my element here. But the way I see it, if there is something nefarious,
possibly criminal going on at the Irie Clinic, I think having Satoshi out in the open would help put a
stop to that.
“... Hmm, I suppose you would have an idea of how criminals might think.”
Kiryu winced. There was a hint of a smile in Kaieda’s voice. “Nothing but bad memories, now.”
Kaieda chuckled. “Oh, I didn’t mean to imply anything. Just a gut feeling. I’ll let Chie know.”

“Thank you, Kaieda. And besides,” Kiryu looked behind his shoulder at Satoshi. The boy still
appeared woozy, but he was regaining his bearings as Rika helped him practice walking. “I think
everyone in that classroom deserves to see him as soon as possible.”
“Agreed, let’s give our class the best surprise they could ask for.”
~~~~
Through side roads, back ways, etc., the four mortals and one immortal in company walked through
Hinamizawa. Residents were starting to wake up, and the sun was growing ever brighter over the
horizon. Satoshi had been changed out of his gown into one of Kiryu’s extra pair of clothes.
Certainly oversized for the lad, but better than nothing.
The higurashi were abundant and enthusiastic in their familiar score. Unfamiliar to Satoshi for a
time, but hearing it again made him feel at home. His mind was nomadic, drifting from one thought
to another. The gravity, no, the very reality of his situation would most likely take the rest of the
day and then some to really set in. A year of his youth was gone, departed from his memories just
like that. What replaced it was a scattered, cloudy mess with nothing tangible remaining.
It wasn’t the absolute worst case scenario. His body had withered, but not decayed. His sanity was
intact. He held on to all of his memories growing up, but with it came a troubled mind. Obligations
yet fulfilled, promises unkept. It haunted him, how powerless he had been. How his whole life had
been a repetition of things outside his control, the only true accomplishment in his life having been
protecting Satoko and even that was muddled with regrets. And this year lost was just another thing
to add to the list.
Both Kiryu and Rika could sense the boy was in dire straits. Rika was all too familiar with the
feeling, so she wore an encouraging smile. “Cheer up, Satoshi. We’re almost there, nipah!”
A smile bereft of any energy Satoshi would usually have answered her. “Yes, we are.”
“Are you… excited?” It was an awkward question. Something spat out to fill the deafening silence.
Satoshi nodded, and then once more quiet consumed the group. Rika looked out into the forest
beyond as they walked. It was pretty unrealistic to assume he’d be just like his old self. He’s so
ragged, Hanyuu. I’m worried about him.
He’ll be ok, Rika. Like all of our club members, he’s far stronger than you think. We’re almost to
the school.
Yes, and then the floodgates open with tears.
Yours or theirs?
A muffled laugh came from Rika’s throat. Both, probably
~~~~
Satoko sat at her desk awaiting her class to start. No trap for this morning. Waking up to Rika’s
absence frightened her and made her think she was late, but that would turn out to be wrong. In
hindsight, it hadn’t been the first time Rika had vanished like this. She was the apparent
reincarnation of Oyashiro after all, and sometimes she would be called to offer her blessing to some
poor soul early in the morning. She just hoped her good friend wouldn’t be late for class.

Satoko sat there arms crossed, staring down at her desk. Other than not receiving as much sleep as
she would have liked, her thoughts turned to the time of the year. It would soon be the anniversary
of her brother disappearing with nothing worth celebrating. Just a depressing state of mind to
accompany her.
Sure, she had her friends and would have a wonderful time with them this Watanagashi. But there
was a hole in her heart, an absence from her life that threatened to drag her down to the very depths
of despair. The young man that would keep her floating above the waters of such misery was
Keiichi. In many ways, he reminded her of Satoshi. He could never replace him, and she wouldn’t
want him to. But it was nice having an older brother figure to rely on, even if he was brash, vulgar,
and often a dense idiot.
She mentally sighed, as she looked at the chalkboard in front of her. I shouldn’t be like this. I have
the best friends I could ask for, and here I am moping. Nii-Nii will come back some day, I know it.
Her thoughts were interrupted by the principal walking to the front of the class. He cleared his
throat, his expression strangely pensive compared to his typical gentle stoicism.
Chie was in the corner, an undecipherable emotion on her face. “Class, our principal has an…
announcement for you all today.”
Everyone’s full attention was on Kaieda. His gaze travelled along the eyes of each student
individually, an eager, if uncertain smile on his face. “My students, my wonderful students. I have
the surprise to end all surprises for you today. If your principal seems out of sorts today, that would
be correct. I have no clue how you all will react, and I’m still not entirely sure how to react myself.
All I ask is that you don’t completely freak out, and give Kiryu and who is accompanying him
some space as they enter. That is all.”
The word ‘who’ made some students look at one another, questioning what person their principal
could be alluding too. Satoko squinted, her mind trying to recall if Kiryu had ever mentioned some
celebrity he knew. He’s a CEO, right? So he must have some connections. But who would he bring
in that would be relevant to us? A teacher friend like Majima?
“Maybe Teach is bringing in some famous martial artist, but they look like a monster. Ooh! Or!
They’re a deadly assassin that’s retired, and we’ll get to see them fight!” Keiichi theorized.
Satoko scowled. “Keep your violent fantasies to yourself, Keiichi. I’m sure whoever Kiryu is
bringing is a person of sound character, and not some murderer for hire.” Their conversation halted,
as they heard the front door to the school close. Shortly after, Kiryu entered inside with Majima
accompanying him.
Briefly, Kiryu looked at the students, his eyes eventually landing on Satoko and staying there,
before moving on. Satoko arched a brow, unsure why Kiryu had given her focus in particular.
Majima stayed silent as he leaned back against the wall, arms crossed as cool as a cucumber.
“You’re up, kid. Don’t keep them waiting.”
Whoever Majima had called to, hesitated to enter. A solid ten seconds passed before a familiar face
entered the room. Time stopped for Satoko. The classroom went completely silent. The surprise
was her brother. This had to be a dream or a delusion brought on by her sickness. A sick joke to
plague her and ruin the already anxious days leading up to Watanagashi.
Her stupor brought on by disbelief was broken by Rena standing up. “Satoshi?!” His eyes drifted
from Rena and then to Satoko, as he also froze. His eyes widened. She was not conscious of it, but

Satoko had already begun running towards him. “Nii-Nii!” The girl kept repeating the words like it
was a spell to make this a reality.
Satoshi almost fell as Satoko tackled him and embraced him. “Nii-Nii! Nii-Nii! Niiiii-niiiii!!”
There was his sister crying in his chest. A little taller than he remembered, but his sister
nonetheless. His mind had been foggy and his body exhausted, but all of that seemed to leave him.
For the first time in a long while, he was anchored back to reality.
His eyes began to water, as he embraced Satoko. “I’m sorry, Satoko. I never meant to leave you.
I’ve been a bad older brother. I know I have a lot of explaining to do. I’m just *sob* so happy to
see you again.”
The girl could not reply. She wailed, and continued to repeat the nickname she had given her
brother. The next friend Satoshi’s eyes would meet were Mion’s. Her mouth was covered, tears
already flowing down her cheeks. “Satoshi, is… is that really you?” She reached out her hand,
desperate to confirm the scene before her eyes was truth.
Satoshi gave her a gentle smile and grasped it. “I’m home, Mion.” At that, the girl nearly broke
down crying and embraced Satoshi. Rena was equally in tears. She was hesitant to join in, but
Satoshi reached out his hand, pleading her to join them. Rena walked in and wrapped her hands
around the three. “You’re back, Satoshi! You’re back!”
The three girls sobbed around Satoshi, the boy struggling to hold their weight. However, Rika was
behind him also hugging him and supporting him. He looked behind and down at her, fresh tears in
her eyes. See, I was right, Hanyuu.
Many of the other students wanted to join in, but they would have their time. The only student that
wasn’t joining them was Keiichi, himself. Not that he didn’t want to, but he was absolutely lost as
to what was going on. Kiryu spotted Keiichi’s confusion, and walked over. “Have they told you
about Satoshi, Keiichi?”
Keiichi gazed at Kiryu, blinking a few times before replying. “Y-yes, but is that really him?”
“It is. I’m as bewildered as you are.”
“... Huh, so that’s the owner of the bat I’ve been using.”
“Indeed, I bet you never thought you’d see the owner again.”
Keiichi frowned, his gaze shifting to the ground. “Teach, I’m… not sure what I should be feeling
right now. I know this was an old friend of theirs, but I don’t really feel anything. I mean, I’m
happy he’s ok, but should I be feeling more? Should I be over there with them, also hugging him?”
Kiryu considered how to best answer Keiichi’s question. “Eh, not really? You’ve never met the guy.
It would be stranger if you did have strong feelings. However, it’s not a bad idea to go meet him.
Why don’t you go say hello?”
“... Maybe in a bit. I think everyone deserves time with him before I join in.”
“True, that works as well.” Keiichi’s gaze shifted once more to Kiryu as he heard him snort. “Sorry,
I couldn’t help but overhear. What was that about me bringing in an assassin?”

Keiichi’s face reddened, as he looked away. “Well, … a boy can dream, right? I didn’t think you
were putting us in danger or anything.”
“Dream on, kid.” Keiichi shrugged, and stared at the scene. It wasn’t one of grief, but a mix of
sadness and joy. Even he felt like he’d start crying if he looked at it too long, so he looked away. To
his surprise, Kiryu was wiping away tears of his own. An impish smirk crossed Keiichi’s face. “Is
that you crying, Teach?! I never thought I’d see the day.” He teased.
Kiryu looked at him briefly shocked, and then smiled. “I’m not made of stone, Keiichi. It’s
perfectly fine for a guy to cry. Doesn’t make you any less of a man.”
The wisdom of Kiryu’s words were not lost on Keiichi. He felt himself gazing again at Satoshi and
everyone embracing him. A smile crossed his face as he sniffled. “You’re right, Teach. There’s
nothing wrong with it at all.”
~~~~
Surrounded by his friends and fellow students, Satoshi was bombarded with question after
question. Satoko had said nothing, just holding on to her brother sitting right next to him as he pat
her head. It was honestly a bit much for Satoshi, but he willed himself to handle it. The return of his
sister and friends gave him a strength he thought long gone. The adults were in the back discussing
how best to move forward.
Rika had walked out and entered Kaieda’s office to make a call of her own. “H-hello, who’s there?"
An agitated, nervous voice stuttered over the line.
“Irie, this is Rika. Could you please bring some of Satoko’s medicine to the school? It’s urgent.”
“Oh, Rika! Uh, you said you needed some of Satoko’s medicine.”
Rika’s brow furrowed. “Yes, that’s what I said.”
“Is she ok? I’m sort of busy with… something at the moment.”
A rare desire for sadism entered Rika. “What’s wrong? Did you lose a patient or something?” She
could almost taste the fear from Irie’s silence. “Sorry, I know that’s a strange thing to say. But
wouldn’t you know it? After a year of missing, Satoshi showed up at our school! Isn’t that
incredible?! He’s alive! But it looks like he has similar symptoms to Satoko, I think it’s best if you
bring some C-103.” Her voice dropped an octave lower than any girl her age should have. “And do
it quickly.”
She promptly hung up, assuredly leaving Irie near dead with dread. She didn’t necessarily hold a
grudge against Irie for keeping Satoshi’s existence a secret. He took care of him, and he had his
reasons. But it still soured her, that not even in one loop had the man revealed this to her or Satoko.
As she walked back in the class, she cleared her throat. “Meep! Can I have everyone’s attention!”
The class faced her, even Satoko perking up. “I’m happy we’ve all reunited with Satoshi, but what
do we do now? He’s been missing for a year, the whole town has to be curious once this gets out.”
Kiryu stepped forward. “That’s what we’ve been discussing. We have some options, but-”

“I’ll handle it.” Mion answered as she stood up. “There are still some questions I have, mostly for
Irie and any other staff at the Clinic. And undoubtedly, Ooishi and the police will have their
inquiries. But as the Heir to the Sonozaki Family, I’ll make it my personal responsibility to make
sure Satoshi and Satoko are safe and well.”
“Mion…” Satoshi said. “You’d… be willing to do all of that for me? For us?”
Mion’s face slightly fell, a somber look in her eyes. “I’m… well aware my family has not treated
yours the best. Just consider this my way of making it up for you.”
“Mion, I… I never held anything against you, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
The sadness in Mion’s eyes only increased. “I had a feeling you’d say that, Satoshi. But that’s all
the more reason, I will strive to handle this as best as I can. For your sake, Satoko’s sake, and
Shion’s sake.”
Satoshi’s jaw almost went slack. “Shion, that’s right! Where is she?! Is she ok?!”
Mion wore a smile, her eyes obscured by her bangs. “She is. I called her, and she’ll be her soon. I…
I hope you two have a wonderful reunion.” She took a deep breath and faced the rest of the class
with a demanding grin. “And I expect everyone in this room to give them some alone time when
she shows up, or you’ll have to hear from me!”
Majima leaned in to whisper to Kiryu. “Mion had a crush on Satoshi in the past, didn’t she?”
Kiryu’s eyebrows raised. “Is it that obvious?”
“You shitting me? The girl has ‘denied her crush’s love’ all over her face.”
“Hmm, … and like Satoshi, you can tell from experience?” Kiryu cringed at himself, realizing too
late he had misspoke.
Majima’s face was a mix of bemusement and anger. “The fuck did you just say?” He hissed in a
low voice.
“S-sorry, I don’t know why I said that. … God, why did I say that?”
Majima took a long look at him, sighed, and shook his head. “It’s not even the same thing, you
dumbass.”

Chapter End Notes

As someone on the spectrum, I don't really buy into the "Kiryu is autistic" headcanon. But it's
pretty much canon iirc he's said some stupid shit at the wrong times lol. Mostly in substories.

Chapter 54: Bloodstained Angels Arc Chapter 3: The Truth
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After much discussion, answers given, and heartfelt reunions, Satoshi felt wiped out. It was a
miracle he had gotten this far, but the thing about miracles is that they tend to be a quick thing. And
no miracle could halt the wave of exhaustion that was echoing through him. So when a student
approached, he felt himself sour. But that went away quickly realizing he didn’t recognize this new
student.
He approached with an awkward gait, as if unsure how to interact with him. And perhaps that was
right on the money. Who is this? If I don’t know him, does he know me? The brown-haired boy
eventually stopped a few paces in front of Satoshi. He wore an unsure smile. “Sooooo, you’re
Satoshi? I’ve heard a good amount about you.”
Satoshi furrowed his brow, uncertain if he had met him before. He looked about his age with a
similar physique. “Have we met before? I apologize if we have, but my memories are muddy right
now.”
“Oh, no! I just moved in here to Hinamizawa not too long ago. My name is Keiichi Maebara. I’m
one of Satoko’s friends.”
Satoko perked up at hearing her name, her comforting stupor broken. She stared up at Keiichi and
then back at her brother. “Oh… Keiichi.” Red flooded her cheeks. Her brother substitute and real
brother were now interacting with one another. A very strange crossover she didn’t know what to
make of. “This is, um, my friend Keiichi, Nii-Nii.”
“... I see. You’re new around here, Keiichi?”
“It’s been two or so months, but yeah. Compared to pretty much everyone else here besides Teach.”
“Teach?”
“Er, Kiryu, I mean. That’s just a nickname I give him.” Keiichi pointed behind at Kiryu with an
extended thumb. The Dragon snorted and nonchalantly waved.
“Ah, well… it’s nice to meet you, Keiichi.”
“And you as well, Satoshi! I also have something to return to you.” Bemused, Satoshi didn’t reply.
“Uh, your bat. I’ve been borrowing it for when we play baseball. I wanted to apologize for using it,
but you weren’t exactly around, so… yeah.”
Satoshi tensed at the mention of his bat. He gulped and attempted to regain his composure rapidly.
Satoko had noticed, but wasn’t sure if it was a reaction to what Keiichi said or just his body still
recovering. “Nii-Nii are you ok?”
“Y-yes, I’m fine, Satoko. I just feel extremely tired.”
“No kidding. I can return it to you some other time. It should be in your locker.”

“... You can keep it. I don’t see myself ever using it again.”
Keiichi paused. He wanted to insist that Satoshi should have it, but the blonde-haired lad had been
through a lot. Most of which he couldn’t even recall. I probably shouldn’t push the matter. “Ok! I’ll
keep it in my locker for now then. Just know that offer is still open in the future.”
The classroom door opened loudly, with Mion stomping in. “Alright! Everyone but Satoko and
Satoshi out! You know who is about to be here!” At that, everyone in the classroom started moving.
Keiichi quickly waved. “It was nice meeting you! Let’s talk again sometime!” And with that he
hurriedly rushed out the room. Mion held up a finger to the Hojos, and then entered the hallway.
In a side room connected to the hallway sat a skeptical, but vulnerable Shion. She was sitting in a
chair tapping her foot impatiently. Kasai was standing next to her, a little frazzled himself. He had
driven to Hinamizawa incredibly fast at the order of his master. Far too fast, especially while
driving a limo. But he couldn’t say no when he heard the news.
“Sis, they’re ready for you. It’s just Satoko and Satoshi in there.”
Shion’s foot stopped tapping, as she slowly looked up at her sister. “I… I don’t know if I’m ready.”
“None of us were ready this morning, but it turned out ok.”
Shion shivered, horrific images floating around in her mind. Mion’s eyes tendered. “Is this about
those nightmares?” Her body stiffened answering Mion’s question. A few seconds passed, and
Mion sighed. “Sis, they’re just nightmares. Things that never happened. You’ve never done
anything to harm Satoko. You’ve been a wonderful older sister figure to her, in fact.”
“... I know, Mion. But they’ve felt so, so real. So unbelievably graphic, and I’m the demon
performing those sins. I know I’ve done nothing but help her. But I still feel scared. I misled him
pretending to be you so many times, and I wasn’t able to help him when he desperately needed it.
And I don’t know how I’ll react upon seeing him now.”
“May I say something?” Kasai inquired. Shion looked up at her bodyguard pensively, and then
slowly nodded her head. “Pardon your bodyguard for being informal and using your first name. But
Shion, I think it’s best if you just go inside. I know how much you’ve missed the boy. You’ve
talked about this more than once with me, so I know how you feel. You were in such a rush to get
over here, don’t let that peter out now. I fully believe the boy wants to see you just as badly, so
don’t keep him waiting.”
Shion didn’t have a response. She looked down at the floor, ruminating over Kasai’s words. Her
face lifted, and she met her sister’s gaze. Mion gave an encouraging nod. Shion gradually rose to
standing and walked towards the classroom. As she was about to reach for the doorknob and enter,
she froze. A dozen heartbeats later she took a deep breath and grasped the doorknob.
Ever so slowly the door opened and beyond it was a glimpse of heaven. There was her beloved
Satoshi with his sweet sister sitting right next to him. Before she knew it she was running. Satoshi
could barely brace himself as Shion tackled him nearly making Satoko fall out of the chair. The two
were now on the floor with Shion embracing Satoshi tightly, tears flowing from her eyes.
“Please, tell me this is real.” She desperately sobbed. “Please! Tell me you’re Satoshi!”

Satoshi was still a little shocked by the whole encounter. His body was weak and pained from
Shion’s tackle, but as he heard her weep, he could understand. Satoko wasn’t the only girl that had
been waiting for him all this time. He both knew and didn’t know this girl. In the past, when she
had revealed she was Mion’s sister, the earnest and apologetic look in her eyes. They told a
thousand words, and he had never gotten a chance to know her better. But now that could change.
“I’m back, Shion.”
His voice, her name being called. It was real. Satoko had walked over and crouched down with a
bittersweet smile. “He’s back, Shion.” Shion was speechless. She simply held on to both of them
and sobbed.
~~~~
Meanwhile, Kiryu and Majima were off in a corner in front of the school building as the kids and
other adults discussed what was going on. Majima let out a long sigh. “That was a lot.”
“Rough morning?” Kiryu asked jokingly.
Majima grunted, and went to reach for a cigar before stopping. “... I could really go for a smoke
right now, but I don’t think it will make me feel any better.”
“That and we don’t want to be a bad influence on the kids.” Kiryu quipped. No sound was heard
from his partner. He snuck a glance, the Mad Dog’s expression looking particularly acrid. “Are you
still mad about the really dumb thing I said earlier or…?”
Majima raised his brow slightly, awareness returning to him. “Oh, no. That was just you being a
typical meathead.”
“You just seemed bothered by something, so I-”
“No, no!” Majima interrupted. “I just had a thought. Ignore it.”
“Fair enough.”
An uneasy quiet still seemed to come between the two. “Hypothetically, speaking… “ Kiryu
glanced at Majima once more. The Mad Dog was troubled, until he rose a hand in the air. “Bah!
Forget it! It’s not worth talking about.”
“... It sounds like you want to talk about it. Whatever ‘it’ is.”
Majima grimaced at Kiryu, faced away, and let out a low, guttural growl. And afterward, a sigh.
“Oh, screw it. I might as well. I don’t like to think about ‘what-ifs’, so it feels pointless.”
“Lay it on me, or else you’ll start to sound like a real dog.”
A single, muffled laugh was all Kiryu got. “How do I put it? Seeing Satoshi and Satoko like that. I
can’t help but wonder what could have been between Makoto and her brother.”
Kiryu’s eyes hardened. “Ah, that. … I was actually thinking about that a little earlier.”
“You were there when the two… reunited.”

Regrets on top of regrets filled Kiryu’s mind. He clenched one of his fists tightly. “I couldn’t save
him.” The Dragon said it to no one in particular. It was just a fact that weighed on him heavily.
“But we were both able to save her.” Kiryu looked back at Majima, the Mad Dog’s face
melancholic. A soft laugh passed through his lips. “Man, who the hell do we think we are? Acting
like a couple of bitter, old men. You’re barely a decade older than a few of those kids.”
Kiryu mirrored Majima’s laugh and shrugged. “Life comes at you fast. And to be fair, Rika is
somewhere between four to five times our age.”
Majima scoffed. “Ok and? She’s a freak of nature. She’s no damn kid.”
“I mean… yes and no. It’s complicated.”
“Either way, I certainly don’t envy her position. It has to make any future dating prospects feel
weird.”
“Does it?”
“Well, think about it. There’s a weird gap in age or experience no matter how you see it.”
“Eh, there’s nothing the girl wants more but to just live a normal life as the 11-year-old girl she is.
And besides, her and Keiichi I think would make a cute pairing.”
“Hmm, ok, you have a point. Keiichi or maybe… Satoshi?”
“Yeesh, don’t say that in front of Shion. Especially not right now.”
“I’m aware. I’d like to keep my head.”
A thought occurred to Kiryu. “Unless she likes… his sister?”
Majima arched a brow. “Satoko? You think she swings that way?”
“I don’t know. You’d know probably better than I would.”
Majima’s eyes sharpened. “And what’s that supposed to mean?”
“You are a little, uh, ‘fruity’. So I figured you’d know better.”
Majima was taken aback. “... I won’t deny it, but Kiryu, I wouldn’t know that shit regardless.”
Kiryu looked genuinely shocked. “You wouldn’t?”
“Kazzy, for fuck’s sake! Just because I swing both ways doesn’t mean I have a goddamned
‘gaydar’ on me! By your logic, I might as well call your ass gay with the way you haven’t seen
pussy in years!”
Kiryu scowled. “Alright, I get it! … Also, fuck you.”
“Oh, yeah? When and where?”
“Not like that, you-!”

“Can you two knock it off?!” Kiryu and Majima nearly jumped out of their skins when Hanyuu
appeared. “If you two can quit being a couple of creeps talking about my daughter’s love life for
five seconds, then you could maybe realize the rest of the adults are discussing important matters!
Maybe act your dam-” Hanyuu quickly covered her mouth, lest something vulgar escape it.
Regaining her composure, she scowled at them both. “Just act your age, please!”
Both men nodded quickly. As Hanyuu floated away, she grumbled. “I need to stop listening in on
those two morons. I’m starting to talk like them now too.”
Fading away, the two relaxed and let out a pent-up breath. Kiryu wiped sweat from his forehead.
“Boy, I forgot how scary she can be.”
“Agreed. Has she become more… aggressive as of late?”
“Based on that last comment, I think we’ve been a bad influence.”
“Yeah. … Let’s go join the other adults, even if we don’t have anything new to say.”
“Good idea.”
As the two stiffly walked towards the group, Rika gazed at the two. She had been talking with the
other kids, and had only just spotted Hanyuu yelling something at the two. She slightly frowned.
“Something wrong, Rika?” One of the younger students asked her.
She faced him with her usual grin. “Nothing at all, Nipah!”
She side-eyed the two men. Both not looking any less rigid. What on Earth could they have been
talking about to get Hanyuu so upset?
~~~~
Some time passed. Rika was talking with Mion, when she spotted Irie coming towards them. He
was still a distance off, but she could tell he was beyond anxious. However, he was carrying the
typical suitcase he kept their medicine in, so he was keeping to his word. “Now we learn the truth.”
Rika stated under her breath.
“Hmm? Did you say something Rika?”
“Meep, I need to go meet with Irie. He has some medicine for Satoshi.”
“Oh, yes! Should I go grab Shion or-”
“No.” Rika bluntly answered. “Please keep everyone else out here. I, him, and our three friends in
there all have some important things to discuss.”
Mion was a little puzzled, but nodded her head. “Very well. Just don’t be too long in there.
Hopefully, Shion hasn’t suffocated them with her hugs.”
“Meep, let’s hope not!” Rika approached Irie moving away from the crowd. The doctor slowed his
pace. As expected but not desired, Rika was cross with him. “I have many things I want to say to
you, Irie. But I’ll allow you to defend yourself. Just follow me, and be careful how you talk to
Satoshi.”

Dropping the sheepish smile he came prepared with, Irie put on a more professional appearance.
“I’m the last person he wants to see. I will tell you what I can when we get in there.”
Rika silently nodded as the two waded through the crowd and entered the school building. They
stopped in the hall as Rika came to a halt. “I have one question before we go in there.”
Irie gulped. For being such a young girl, Rika gave off an unnaturally strong and somewhat creepy
presence. “Y-yes?”
She looked over her shoulder, her gaze stern. “The only reason I’m giving you any favor in this
situation is because I know how much you care for Satoko, and you’ve done a great job of taking
care of both her and me. So I have to ask. Why did you never tell me or Satoko what was going on
with Satoshi?”
A heavy, dull silence filled the hallway. Irie couldn’t keep eye contact. “If I told anyone, I’d lose
my career and possibly my life. So I did the best I could taking care of Satoshi in secret. I don’t say
this in my defense, but it was because of our treating and studying Satoshi, we were able to perfect
the medicine we give you and Satoko.”
Rika’s face softened slightly. “You’re being more honest than I thought you would be. … Be
careful with what you say to Shion. I don’t think she’ll become violent, and I’ll explain your part in
it. But still.”
Irie wasn’t quite sure what Rika was implying, but took her advice to heart. The duo entered the
room, and inside Shion was eagerly talking to Satoshi asking him much of the same questions the
other students and friends had before. Satoshi noticed Irie enter and immediately froze. Shion
paused, and looked behind her. “Satoshi? What’s wrong?”
Satoshi limply held up his hand, pointing at Irie. “H-he’s… he’s going to-”
“You’re not going anywhere, Satoshi! Meep, Dr. Irie is just here to give you some medicine, and
he’ll be on his way.”
“It’s true,” Irie added. “I’m just here to check and make sure you’re doing fine, and then, poof! I’ll
be gone like a magical fairy!”
Shion looked back at Satoshi, fear rampant in his face. She faced Irie again with a protective scowl,
and backed up to be closer to Satoshi. “If you’ve done something to Satoshi, I swear I’ll-”
“He’s been the one taking care of Satoshi all this time, Shion.” Rika interjected. “He just told me in
detail.”
Satoko had been too confused so far to say anything, but that immediately grabbed her attention.
“What?!” Shion was still scowling, but was waiting to hear what Irie had to say.
Satoshi’s heartbeat had calmed down. Not much, but with Rika attesting for Irie he felt some
comfort. “It’s true. I only vaguely remember, but this man did rescue me. And with as scattered as
my memories are, he is the one person that feels very familiar.”
Shion was about to say something, when Satoko walked in front of her. Her face wrought with
scorn. “And where has Nii-Nii, … no, my brother been all this time?”

Irie felt like his heart was about to break. The girl he cherished dearly looked like she was ready to
hurt him. Rika explained once more. “He’s been under the care of the Irie Clinic in secret. … In the
basement, if I had to guess.” She looked behind to confirm with Irie nodding. “Irie has been taking
care of Satoshi for the past year, as he said. His care for and research on Satoshi is also the reason
the medicine we take is far more effective than before, Satoko.”
Satoko briefly tensed at the revelation. But her glower just as quickly returned. She could cry
starting any moment. “That… that doesn’t excuse keeping Nii-Nii away from me!!” Both Rika and
especially Irie flinched from her yell. “Do you know how long I’ve waited for him to come back?! I
prayed, hoped, cried out for him to return! Irie, I…” She couldn’t finish as conflicting feelings
dragged her voice away.
“Satoko,” a soft voice called out to her. The girl didn’t turn around, but she kept silent. “I’m still
confused about what is going on. But if Dr. Irie has kept me hidden from you and everyone else,
I’m sure he had his reasons.”
Satoko was staring down at the ground. Both of her fists were clenched so hard the knuckles were
turning white. “What reasons… could justify this?”
“Because, Satoko.” Rika answered. “Irie would probably be killed, if he revealed any information
about Satoshi.”
It was said so matter-of-factly, it took everyone else a second to realize what she had said. The light
was lost in Irie’s eyes, so all he could do was close them and put on a humorless smile.
“Unfortunately, the research I’m doing is quite secretive. To the point, I could tell no one lest my
life be put at risk. With Satoshi being out in the open now, I have no clue what will happen. But I
did truly want some day to reunite you both, Satoko. The fact Satoshi has woken up and is moving
around is an unprecedented event I never saw coming. Even if I did show him to you, he’s been
unresponsive, akin to a coma.”
“My hope was that my research would lead to him eventually awaking, and then I could just maybe
reveal what was going on. And hey, he’s awake now! The whole situation is out of my hands now,
but I can be grateful he’s recovered.” The silence was deafening enough to cause tinnitus. He
opened his eyes and slowly looked at the ground. “I do not expect nor wish for you to forgive me,
Satoko. I know I’m a coward, and if anything this is karma.”
After a long pause, Satoko shuffled towards Irie. His heart was caught in his throat as she continued
towards him. As she stopped, he flinched half expecting her to hit him. “I… I don’t know how to
feel towards you right now.” She raised her leg and kicked Irie in the shin bringing the Doctor to
one knee. “But consider that my response for now.”
Struggling to get back up, he cowered in fear seeing Shion approach. She was equally angry, but
didn’t come off quite as vicious as Satoko just was. “I have a lot of things I want to say to you, but
Satoko put my feelings into words well enough. And if Satoshi vouches for you, … I suppose I can
overlook this. However…” she bent down, grabbed Irie by his chin forcefully lifting his face to
look into her eyes. They stared through to his very soul.
“Ever do something like this again, and I’ll make you wish you were never born.”
Irie nearly wet himself with how terrifying Shion was. He rapidly nodded his head with Shion
letting go with a satisfied smile. “That’s a good Doctor.” She turned around and walked right back
to Satoshi like nothing had happened. “Anyway, Satoshi! What were you saying about-”

Irie stopped listening, his pounding heart the only noise he could hear in his ears. He could barely
hold himself up, his remaining strength sapped by the now casual girl before him. Why are all the
women in this town so damn scary?!

Chapter End Notes

As of five days ago, this fic is officially 4 years old! And now with 200k+ words! I swear I'll
have it done before we reach five years lol.

Chapter 55: Bloodstained Angels Arc Chapter 4: Uncertain Future
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After much discussion, the adults came to a consensus. Mion would speak to Oryou to help break
the news and hopefully Oryou could address the town itself. Mion would also try to figure out how
to go forward involving the police. As drained as Satoshi was, it would be best to give him some
time. School had long since ended, and nighttime would soon approach. With the help of Shion,
Rika, and his sister, Satoshi walked toward the two young girls’ home. He stared at in the distance
mildly frowning. “Didn’t this use to be a storehouse?”
“It still is, meep. I and Satoko live on the second floor.”
It wasn’t much for looks, but it would do. Anything was better than the old Hojo home hoarding
bitter memories. “Do you… live here with them, Shion?”
“No, I live in Okinomiya.”
“You don’t live here in Hinamizawa?”
“Uh, well… “
“Shion and her family have a rocky relationship.” Rika explained. And that’s an understatement.
Shion feeling relieved shifted the topic to something more encouraging. “But I wouldn’t mind
moving to here now that you’re back! I would have to work out some stuff out, but I’m sure it
would turn out ok. I can see you every day and… sorry, am I getting ahead of myself?”
Satoshi weakly chuckled. “Maybe, but it’s fine. I don’t mind. Though, could we avoid you tackling
me in the future?”
Shion’s face flushed beet red. “I did apologize! But how else was I supposed to react?! I… “ Her
voice softened. “I didn’t think I’d ever see you again, Satoshi.”
“... Yeah, I’m not sure if I’d ever wake up again, either. I’m here now, though.”
Satoko had kept quiet. The truth behind her brother’s disappearance had rattled her immensely. She
couldn’t voluntarily stick to feeling one emotion, so she kept quiet just trying to appreciate the fact
her Nii-Nii was back. It felt so hard to accept. Like one wrong step and she’d wake up from this
dream. And yet, reality kept moving onwards. And this reality was far preferable to an alternate one
where Satoshi was still missing or possibly dead.
Rika herself felt similarly. She could accept it far easier due to having knowledge of Hanyuu’s
determination. In every sense of the word, it was a ‘miracle’. The word had repeated itself so many
times in her head, she was beginning to become weary of it. And yet it still felt hard to accept for a
different reason. When was the inevitable point where things horrifically went wrong?
The existence of that perfect fragment, the possibility of a happy ending. That’s vanished ever since
Kiryu and the world of the Tojo arrived at our front door. I don’t blame him, but… even if Satoshi is

awake in this fragment, will he survive? Could something happen to me, or Kiryu? When will our
luck run out considering this is now our third real attempt at figuring out a good ending to all of
this.
She thought she was beyond such cynical thinking now, but old habits are hard to break. One step
forward would end in two steps back. And any more steps backwards would have her and Kiryu
falling off a cliff to their demise. And then there was the rare, but ever loathed possibility of Teppei
appearing.
She could forgive her friends for it was almost always the Syndrome. She could even forgive
Takano for her horrific past and being manipulated into what she was doing now. But if there was
one person she could not forgive it was Teppei. A man with zero redeeming qualities whose very
existence practically guaranteed doom in every fragment he appeared in. There is no stopping him,
you can’t even be rid of him without something horrific happening. It took the combined effort of
everyone working together to save Satoko from him, and that fragment still ended in disaster.
Praying to Hanyuu of all people would feel silly, so I’ll just say this. If there is some higher being
out there, perhaps the reason this is all happening in the first place. Please just don’t let Teppei
appear in this fragment. Is that too much to ask?
“We’re here!” Shion called out releasing Rika from her tumultuous thoughts. “Do you think you’re
fine going upstairs, Satoshi?”
“... I’ll manage.” The four went up and arrived at the second floor letting Satoshi sit in a nearby
chair. The boy was gasping for breath. “Ok, I managed but not very well.”
“That’s fine, Satoshi. Just recover your breath for now.”
His gaze travelled from Shion to his sister. “Satoko, are you ok? You’ve been awful quiet.”
Satoko perked up and quickly nodded her head. “Yes! I’m just… it’s been a long day.”
With scant energy remaining, Satoshi barely formed a smile. “I think tomorrow will be longer.” His
face slightly drooped, the humor now gone.
“Satoshi, are… you worried about Oryou or the police?” His sister asked.
“If EITHER has anything to say to him, they can go through me!” Shion declared.
“Shion, we can trust Oryou… I think. Mion said she’d talk to her and the Sonozaki Family in
general.”
Her temper cooled marginally not wanting to scare Satoko. “Let us hope so. I do trust Sis, but… I
don’t think I can ever trust them. I’m just not compatible with that hag.”
“Will you be staying the night, Shion?” Satoshi inquired.
The girl blushed at the notion. “C-could I?!” She immediately shook her head. “No, I can’t! This is
Satoko’s first time she’s seen her brother in forever! I can’t impede on that!”
“I don’t mind, Shion” Satoko clarified. “You can stay if you want. The only problem might be our
spare futons are old and kind of ratty…”

Shion deliberated on how best to answer for a few seconds, but simply smiled. “No, Satoko.
Another night, absolutely. But for now, I’ll just go back to my place in Okinomiya. If I stayed here,
I’d probably keep you three up talking Satoshi’s ear off the whole night.”
“Very well. By the way, Satoko. I had a question, but… it feels a little private.”
Receiving the cue, Shion’s eyes widened. “Oh! I’ll get going! You three have a nice night, and… “
Her eyes tendered, countless feelings shining bright in them. “See you tomorrow, Satoshi.”
The boy was still not sure how to respond to Shion. Her feelings for him were very compassionate
and deep. Perhaps even romantic, but it felt narcissistic to assume such a thing. He waved and
smiled, which appeared to be enough for the girl as she smiled back and exited down the stairs. The
sound of a door opening and closing following shortly after.
Shion having left, Satoshi turned his attention to Rika. “As for you this is your house, so… “
“I can go downstairs if you’d like.” Though, I can’t say I’m not curious.
“Rika can stay.” Satoko insisted. “If for whatever reason I can’t answer very well, I’m sure Rika
can help.”
Satoshi’s brow furrowed, but he sensed arguing would lead him nowhere. “Um, this is a little
embarrassing to ask, but I can’t help but wonder after meeting him.”
“Who?” Satoko asked puzzled.
“Keiichi, I believe was his name. Are you two… close? Perhaps more than just friends?”
Now it was Satoko’s turn to have a face as red as a tomato. “W-w-w-w-what do you mean by that,
Nii-Nii?!”
Rika snorted holding back laughter. Oh, I see. Big brother returns home, and his protective instincts
kick in. How adorable. “A bold question, but I am curious myself.”
“R-Rika, don’t give Nii-Nii the wrong idea!”
“So he’s… not like that to you?” Satoshi questioned.
“No! He’s just… *sigh* he’s been someone I could rely on. A good friend. He’s FAR too boorish
of a punk for me to feel that way about him.”
“Notice how she left the possibility of her falling for him in the future.”
“Rika, I’m going to sock you, if you don’t quit it!”
Satoshi feebly laughed at the scene. “You two have grown a lot closer than I would have expected
in my absence. I’m… happy you’ve made such good friends, Satoko.”
Satoko stared back at him awkwardly. “W-well, I’ve come a long way. I’ve done everything I could
to become stronger. Making friends, enjoying life, … waiting for the day you’d come back. “I can
see that Satoko. … You’ve come a long way.”
He lightly patted Satoko’s head making her blush and smile. “T-thank you, Nii-Nii! I… I love you.”

Satoshi hugged her tightly. “I love you too, Satoko. Tomorrow, I’ll bring you a gift I meant to give
you a long time ago. I hope you love it.”
Satoko was beaming. Her heart was bursting with a plethora of emotions, but nothing could
dominate the joy she felt at that moment. “I’m sure I will, Nii-Nii. I’m sure.”
Rika wanted to smile as well, but she felt emotionally drained. “Not to interrupt you two, but I’m
going to go to sleep. Sorry, I’m just utterly exhausted.”
“... I was going to say, Rika. You look almost as tired as Nii-Nii. Is there something with the
Watanagashi festival stressing you out?”
A little too accurate, Satoko. “You could say that. I’ve just been… thinking about a lot. How to
continue going forward. What I can do to change things.”
Satoko wore a half-smile. “Rika, you’re doing that thing again where you act really mature for your
age. Maybe that comes with the territory of being Oyashiro or whatever, and I don’t dislike that
part of you. But good things are happening. Like Nii-Nii said, tomorrow will be equally long, if not
longer. But I truly don’t think anything bad will happen this Watanagashi. Let’s just… enjoy the
moment. I don’t want to even consider anything bad happening.”
Satoshi’s eyebrows mildly raised. “I’m not going anywhere, Satoko. Rika has her problems, and we
have our own. … It might be more correct to say my return has become a big problem for the
whole village.”
Satoko’s face tensed. “No, it’s not an issue, Nii-Nii! People are overjoyed to see you back!”
“... Are they, Satoko? Our family has never been popular in Hinamizawa.” Satoko didn’t have an
answer, and her head slowly drooped downwards. “As I said, Rika has her concerns, and we have
ours. I’m lucid enough to know a kid returning after a year is not normal. The best thing we can do
is just be cooperative and take one day at a time.”
“Meep, I agree. Let’s sleep for now, and see what tomorrow holds.”
Satoko’s mind was flooded with fresh anxiety. But her brother and best friend were right. “Ok, let’s
get the spare futon out.”
“I’ll sleep in it, Satoko. I don’t mind. Satoshi deserves a good sleep.”
“... Ok, Rika. If you say so.”
After setting up the futons, the lights were turned off and soon nothing but the glow of the moon
could be felt in the room. Rika stared up at the ceiling. Part of her wanted to sit against the window
talking to herself, if not Hanyuu. But she really did need to sleep. The next few days would be
critical. I can only hope things go well. I’ve started off this fragment getting one of the best dice
rolls I could ask for. I fear the next roll will be awful. But I suppose there’s no point in worrying
about it, until it happens. And… perhaps I should believe in the possibility nothing will happen.
Undesired thoughts continued to plague her, but after some time she would find the rest she so
desperately desired.
~~~~

A delicious smell entered Kiryu’s nostrils. He slowly opened his eyes. There was no higurashi to
wake him this time, but rather the wonderful smell of Majima’s cooking. He stretched and looked
at the clock. Yep, it’s early. Going through his morning routine rapidly, he walked down the stairs
and joined Majima at the table. “About time! I was about to come up there and kick your ass out of
bed!”
“Oh, yeah. I’m sure that would have gone great for you.”
“Hmph. At least, you do shower pretty quickly.”
“Not really. I think you just like your longer showers.”
A mischievous smirk sprouted onto Majima’s face. “Ah, well you know how it is. Sleeping next to
a sweaty, muscular hunk like you. I can’t help it. I need to relieve some tension in-”
“OK, THAT’S ENOUGH!!”
Majima snickered. “Relax, obviously I’m not doing that.”
“Majima, for fuck’s sake. We’re eating. I don’t need that mental image in my mind.”
“Who needs a mental image? I can always show you the real thing.” Kiryu’s death stare made
Majima sweat and then shrug as he started to eat the fine breakfast he had cooked. “So, Kazzy.
What’s the plan today?”
“I don’t know. I’m half considering slipping you some laxatives. As full of shit as you are, it would
help.”
“Yeah, yeah. But seriously, it’s Friday now. I get the whole ‘missing kid returns after a year’ thing
was a shock to everyone. But like… what exactly do we do going forward?”
“Investigate the Tojo.”
The Mad Dog nearly choked on his food. He took a quick sip to wash it down. “The Tojo?!”
“... Is it that surprising?”
Majima’s expression calmed. “No, I just wasn’t expecting you to be gunning for them
immediately.”
“We don’t have any other leads. The Sonozakis clearly didn’t kill the two yakuza, and I seriously
doubt it was Takano and her Mountain Dogs. The only people I can think of are either Tokyo or the
Tojo. Hell, it could be both.”
Majima looked at Kiryu, as he took another bite and swallowed. “So you think Takano wasn’t lying
about there being a traitor in the Tojo? Not that betrayal is uncommon, but still.”
“I’d be astonished if there wasn’t, Majima. This entire situation has been damn fishy from day one.
Sure, the Sonozaki Family and eventually Takano would become the more likely possibilities, and I
thought that in the beginning as well. But those are now ruled out. And considering our collective
experience with the Empty Lot, I just know there’s someone pulling strings behind the scenes.”

“The puppeteer, the mastermind, the 11th hour villain. Yeah, I get it. I’ve read a decent amount of
mystery books. Who’s our culprit, Detective Kazzy?”
Kiryu drank some coffee, and put down his cup gently. “And that, Majima, is where I feel lost.
Because who the hell has a connection to Tokyo, and is smart enough to manipulate people and get
what they want in all of this? Whatever that exactly is.”
Majima finished the last bite of his food. “Hmm, I think you’re looking at it the wrong way.”
“I am? They must have some plan whoever is behind this.”
“Of course, they have a plan Kiryu. But the better term might be ‘had’. Let’s look at the results this
little stunt has caused. Loop 1, ya died. Loop 2, you beat the shit out of the Sonozakis. Loop 3, and
perhaps the closest to a possible goal, the Sonozakis and Tojo went to war. But nothing tangible,
much less consistent comes out of these results so far. So what’s the damn point? Just to sow chaos
in Hinamizawa? I think not.”
“You’re saying they haven’t gotten what they want yet?”
“Probably not. I mean, this place might as well be cursed. I know it’s not literally, but Rika
wouldn’t have to loop so much, if something didn’t always go wrong. The most genius of tacticians
isn’t going to be able to account for the batshit insanity that happens here. In fact, I’d argue the
unpredictable nature of events in this town is the main reason they haven’t gotten what they want
yet.”
“However, the one thing that is consistent is Takano dying. Our culprit obviously wants her dead
every loop, and successfully does so. As if her plans and being alive somehow conflicts with our
mastermind’s plan. It could just be Tokyo not wanting her to be around with their secrets, but I’m
leaning towards someone in the Tojo having a connection to Tokyo like you suggested. What’s their
motive in all of this?”
Kiryu didn’t reply. “That wasn’t rhetorical, I’m asking your thoughts.”
“I know, I’m thinking. The simplest answer is that someone wants the research to continue on the
syndrome possibly for military use. A yakuza being involved in that is rare, but not unheard of. If
there’s someone that truly believes in the research going on, and wanted to continue it… “
“It’s not just that, Kiryu. Hinamizawa and Okinomiya would be a solid place to set up a base of
operations. It’s not on Omi turf, but it gives strategic options otherwise not present in the possibility
of a war.”
“Ugh, I had enough of war in the last fragment.” The Dragon held his hands together as he
pondered what it could all mean. “Takano out of the picture would give complete control over the
research. I just don’t know how they’d pull it off because Tokyo themselves aren’t interested in the
research anymore. It’s just some members of the old faction based on what Rika has told me.”
Majima crossed his arms. “If we go with that logic, our guy is probably a veteran in the Tojo.
Perhaps with the power to shift the collective interests of Tokyo back to what the old faction aunts.
… Not that really narrows down our search. Plenty of old, conniving bastards that could be a part
of this. Katsura, Eiko, Fumio, the list goes on. I could list a solid twenty, and another twenty if you
gave me time to think.”

“... So we’ve narrowed down our list of candidates, but we’re still far away from figuring out who
it is.”
“Yep, and there’s no convenient way to just get them out in the open.”
“And we still have everything with Satoshi and who knows what else.”
Both men stared at each other and sighed. Majima stood up and began cleaning up. “I don’t mind
helping you out still, Kiryu. But damn, I’m starting to feel a bit lost myself.”
“Hey, having you here has been helpful enough. You’re around the Tojo 24/7. I’ve been out of that
life for a while now, but you know how they think.”
“Heh, don’t be so humble. Civvy or not, you’re still a yakuza at heart. You got that tattoo colored
after you left.”
“Well… it would be a waste not to, what can I say? Utabori is maybe the best tattoo artist in all of
Japan.”
Majima chuckled. “Look, how about this. Last time, I was able to find out info on Teppei through
my sources. I’ll see if I can find any connection between certain Tojo members and Tokyo. There
IS dialogue between the two going on, so now might be the best time to strike.”
“I’d appreciate that, Majima. And again, thank you for the grub.”
“Grub, my ass! Call it “fine dining”, or you’ll be eating dog food tomorrow.”
“Really? I figured you’d be used to eating dog food.”
“Haha, very funny. Now come clean your crap up. I ain’t doing it for ya.”
“Right.”
~~~~
Yet another morning revealed itself to Hinamizawa. Satoshi closed his eyes tighter as light poured
in through the window. His body resisted, but he had long left the land of sleep by now. He blinked
a few times, his eyes adjusting to the light. He still felt tired, but far more rejuvenated than before.
After stretching with his body making a popping noise or two, he got out of bed and looked at the
time. 9:30? Oh dear, I slept in. He could hear sounds in the kitchen. Groggily, he stood up, folded
his futon, and put it away. Kaieda had provided some spare clothes out of his own money for
Satoshi, and they fit him nicely. Though, a quick sniff proved he needed a shower before anything
else.
With that out of the way, he exited the room to see Satoko and Rika waiting for him. As well as a
guest. “Oh, Shion I-” He cut himself off as he squinted. “... Sorry, are you Shion or Mion? You two
look so similar.”
The Sonozaki girl smirked. “Hehehehe, I wonder.”
Satoshi paused for a second, and sighed. “Mion, it’s clearly you. Shion doesn’t have such a boyish
sounding laugh.”

“Wuh?! That’s not-” Both Rika and Satoko giggled. “Good morning, Nii-Nii. We cooked breakfast
for you!”
“Oh, wow! This looks… delicious!” Jeez, when was the last time I had something like this…
Mion cleared her throat. “We figured it had been a while since your last proper meal. So I arrived
early and helped out!
“I see. Thank you for letting me sleep in.” I definitely needed it.
“Also, Satoshi. I have some good news.”
“... Yeah?”
“I’ll go over what happened last night and this morning. It’s not exactly a secret now you’re back.
News travels fast here. So, my goal last night was to explain the situation to Grandma and have her
address the town.”
Satoshi flinched at Oryou being mentioned. “Ok… how did she react?”
“Relax! I said it was good news, right?”
“You did. It’s just… you know.”
Mion’s excited face fell slightly. “I’m aware, Satoshi. The history between our two families is…
well, we don’t need to go into that. Point being, I’m on your side. You want to know how Grandma
reacted? She smiled at hearing you had been found.”
Satoshi had to do a double take. “She smiled? Her?!”
Mion’s smile shifted to a more sheepish one. “She… does have a reputation. But she’s not exactly
the cold-hearted demon you think she is. She’s going to call a general assembly today, and explain
the situation. Things are going to be ok.”
“I was surprised too, Nii-Nii. But this is a good sign!”
Satoshi glanced at his sister and then back to Mion. “And the police?”
Mion went to say something, paused, and transitioned to a serious expression. “That was the other
thing I wanted to talk to you about. I don’t think it’s anything to worry about, and I’ll personally be
accompanying you. However, Ooishi has asked if we could meet him at the Irie Clinic.”
Satoshi’s heartbeat rapidly increased. Rika put a comforting hand on his shoulder. “Meep, it’ll be
ok, Satoshi. They don’t think you did anything wrong. They just want to ask some questions about
the Irie Clinic.”
Satoshi swallowed as he tried to calm his heart. “R-right. It should be fine. Excuse me for a second.
I have to go to the bathroom.” He sloppily stood up out of his chair, and stumbled over to the
bathroom.
As he entered and closed the door, the three girls looked at each other concerned. “Is Nii-Nii ok?”

“I’m… I’m not sure, Satoko. We all know something happened to his aunt before he disappeared. I
know they pinned it on that guy, but… “ Mion contemplated on how best to say it.
“That guy was the culprit behind his aunt’s murder. Let’s just leave it at that.” Rika firmly stated.
“And even if he was responsible… he’s our friend. I’m not going to let him be taken away again
after he’s just now returned.” It was a morally dubious thing to say, but both silently agreed with a
nod.
Both faucets were on as Satoshi rubbed his face with water. He turned both faucets off and stared
into the mirror, his reflection staring back into his soul. I’m powerless. I’m a murderer that has
gotten off scot-free. I could call it a miracle, but that doesn’t feel like the right word in this
situation. None of this is a good thing, I got lucky. I don’t know what the hell I’m doing, or what I
need to do going forward. All I can do is rely on my friends.
He used two fingers to open his right eye. It was blood shot, and even with the sound sleep he had
bags under it. He stared at it for a long time occasionally blinking. There was nothing demonic in
his eyes, and yet he wasn’t sure if he still counted as human. Irie, I hope that medicine is as
effective as you say. I might be human after all. But that won’t keep this guilt from consuming me.
And Oyashiro himself help me if I go beyond that.

Chapter End Notes

One of the hardest parts of writing unironically is making sure you have everything consistent.
Had a facepalm moment where I realized I was using "Nee-Nee" instead of "Nii-Nii" for last 3
chapters especially when I was using Nii-Nii before. It's already bad enough when I go back
and see some typo or grammar error for a chapter I already probably went over twice
minimum lol. People probably don't care thaaaat much, but still. Professional standards and
all.

Chapter 56: Bloodstained Angels Arc Chapter 5: Suffocating Guilt
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After a short ride in one of the Sonozaki Family’s cars, they were dropped off in front of the Irie
Clinic. Satoshi appreciated it. It gave his body and mind time to relax, though any peace he had
acquired dissolved upon their arrival. He took a deep breath. Don’t freak out. This isn’t the first time
I’ve been through questioning. It’ll be fine, I just need to rely on my friends.
Mion and Satoko helped Satoshi walk from the car with Rika trailing behind. The one comfort to
Satoshi is that he was no longer stuck in this facility. He could actually see the sun, walk outside, be
reunited with his friends. But it could all come crashing down. And part of him wondered if he
actually wanted it to. “Mion, did they say anything in specific about me?”
“Uh, … you are a key figure in all this, so they definitely have some questions for you. But it
sounded like they were just interested in your time at the Irie Clinic.”
“Ok, I’ll try to answer as best I can, heh.” His nervous laughter didn’t improve his spirits at all. He
just prayed they didn’t ask him anything about what happened last year. An officer got out of a
nearby police car and motioned for them to follow him inside. In the waiting area sat a frazzled Irie
and a contemplative Ooishi. He faced the group as he spotted them. “Ah, welcome! Come take a
seat.”
The officer nodded, and left the four in front of Ooishi. Satoshi slowly took a seat with some help,
and his friends sat on either side of him. His heart jumped when Ooishi stared right at him as his
eyes sharpened. “I wasn’t sure what to believe when I heard the report, and yet here you are in front
of me. Nfufufu, this town never stops surprising me.”
Satoshi shifted in his seat under Ooishi’s gaze, his heartbeat accelerating. “H-hello, Ooishi. It’s
been… a long time.”
“It has. You’ve seen better days. Or, perhaps, the better days are to come. You just need to recover
fully.” Satoshi kept timidly silent. The old detective’s expression slightly softened. “Mmm, my face
probably doesn’t bring back any good memories.”
He cleared his throat. “We’re not here to interrogate you about last year with your aunt. I want to
say someone has told you by now, but if not we found the guy that did it. You’re in the clear in
that.”
Satoshi faintly relaxed, but he was still heavily on guard. It didn’t help Ooishi still clearly was
skeptical, even if he kept his thoughts to himself. The kid did something. I always felt our ‘culprit’
was fishy, but there’s no point in going after it now. I’ve been waiting years for a breakthrough in
this case, and I have the biggest one I could ask for now. “Would you three mind waiting outside?
I’d like to have a talk alone with Satoshi.”
Mion was about to protest, but Irie spoke up. “I’d suggest letting Rika and Satoko stay. They’ve
been heavily involved in our… ‘research’ that it’s relevant they be present.”

“Hmm, I suppose it couldn’t hurt. However, Ms. Sonozaki. I think it would be better if you were
not present.”
Mion scoffed. “Why? I’m a good friend of Satoshi’s. I’m sure I can be of assistance.”
Ooishi lightly laughed. “Come now. Do you expect me to believe that?”
“My grandmother is speaking to the residents about Hinamizawa about Satoshi as we speak. I
ensure you the Sonozaki Family seeks to welcome him back, and help the Hojos however we can.
As far as your investigation into the Irie Clinic, we do not plan to obstruct that.”
Ooishi took a long hard gaze at Mion, but the Heir kept her resolve. He eventually sighed. “Just
don’t go answering any questions for the boy. And that goes for you two other girls as well.”
“His memories are foggy. He can still answer your questions, but-” Mion smirked and leaned back
in her chair, hands behind her neck. “I wonder if we might have some key info for you.”
Ooishi slightly grumbled under his breath. “Just let him answer first, and then you can input
anything you have to say.”
“Can do!” Mion answered with faux cheeriness.
“With that sorted, shall we begin Satoshi? I’ll make this quick enough. You’ll be out of here in the
next… give or take ten to fifteen minutes.”
Satoshi nodded. Ooishi whipped out a pocket notebook and clicked a pen. “Do you remember when
you first arrived at this clinic?”
A simple enough question, but his mind fumbled to answer. “I… let me think for a moment.”
Ooishi nodded. “... I want to say not too long after Watanagashi last year. A few days, a week? I
don’t remember, I’m sorry.”
Ooishi side-eyed Irie. “That tracks so far.” He scribbled a note down. “Do you recall anything of
your time in this facility?”
“... Not really, no. Just vague recollections of the room I was in.”
“I see. This is question stems more from personal curiosity than what I need to ask, but I’ll ask it
anyway. How exactly did you leave the clinic?”
Rika had wondered the same herself. I know it’s tied to Hanyuu, but it does feel… strange that none
of the Mountain Dogs saw him escape. Was he just insanely lucky?
“Oh, that?” Satoshi covered his mouth and chin in deep thought. “It doesn’t really make any sense.
But I literally felt a surge of energy in my body. A willpower that has been absent since. But I
suddenly felt determined to wake up and escape from this place. Maybe, subconsciously my body
felt trapped here and wanted to get out. Some instinctual thing?”
“What I’m trying to say is that I just got up and left. There was no one here. It was very early in the
morning, but I was able to just walk out, and eventually I found Kiryu.”
After a long pause, Ooishi jotted down Satoshi’s answer. “Yes, that is all strange. According to Irie,
there should be a few people on staff at night. How curious they weren’t around that morning.”

He looked back at Irie leaving the doctor feel pressured. “I told you, Ooishi. I’m as lost as you are.
Neither Takano nor her… associates have been around. They’ve all just disappeared, and I’m the
only left here other than a few of the regular staff.”
“Leaving you to take the fall for all this.”
“... Perhaps, so. But if it has anything to do with-”
“Stop!” Ooishi raised his hand suddenly. “We can discuss that later, but not in front of the
children.”
Rika was pretending to look out a nearby window to hide her realization. So both the Mountain
Dogs and Takano are gone?! Something is off, they should still be around. But why would they need
to hide? … Or perhaps is Takano the one in hiding, and they’re searching for her?
Irie nodded as Ooishi turned back to face Satoshi. “Now as you’ve just heard, Takano is missing.
We believe she may play a key part in all of this. I suppose this question applies to all of you. Have
any of you seen Takano around? She was a nurse at this facility.”
Slowly, Satoshi shook his head no with his friends signalling they didn’t know either. “Is she ok?”
Satoko asked. “I don’t know her that well, but she’s always been friendly and kind to me and
Rika.”
Ooishi put his notepad down on a small table to his side. He crossed his arms, and stared sternly at
Satoko. “Both you and Rika Furude were involved in research here, correct?”
Both girls nodded. “Are you aware exactly what the symptoms are for the sickness you have? What
it even is?”
“Ooishi…” Irie warned.
“There shouldn’t be any harm in telling them. They deserve to know. Unless, you’d like to do the
honor yourself, Doc.”
Rika tensed. She already knew herself, but her worry was how would Satoko react exactly. She
didn’t remember what happened to her parents, but if she found out now… Oh no, Satoko. Please
don’t remember! Please!
Unexpectedly, Satoko wore a mean look. “Is there something else you’re keeping hidden from us,
Irie?”
Irie was staring down at the ground, his hands clasped like he was praying. “Not intentionally, no.
As long as it had to remain a secret, and it didn’t grow out of control for you or Rika, I figured it
was fine to keep details sparse. I could have told you yesterday, but then everything with your
brother happened. So allow me to correct that error now.”
“It might be a good thing you’re here as well, Mion. It’s only a matter of time before this gets out to
the public, so consider how to best handle this.”
Mion glanced at him, flummoxed, but nodded her head. “Understood.”
Irie took a sip from a nearby bottle of water mentally preparing himself to reveal what could be
considered his life’s work. One that he wasn’t sure whether to be proud of or dismayed at now. “I’ll

put this into as simple terms as I can. Most likely, everyone in this town has the possibility to
contract a disease known as the HInamizawa Syndrome. We’re still not entirely sure what triggers
it, but the common thread is stress whether physiological or psychological.”
“Once infected, the victim begins to develop anxiety and paranoia. As the disease worsens, victims
can begin to hallucinate and become distrustful of people around them. Even close friends or
family are not safe from this distrust. In the worst case scenario, someone can be driven to even
murder their fellow man. If they do not lash out and instead isolate themselves, they eventually will
commit suicide by… means graphic enough I’d rather not elaborate.”
A chilling silence spread throughout the room. Between the children, they had a collective
realization. One that Ooishi had come to as well when Irie explained the Syndrome to him, but not
one that was easy to prove. The truth behind the murder of Satoshi’s aunt. Rika kept an eye on
Satoko. She looked horrified, but not at herself. She looked at her brother, an undecipherable
expression on his face.
Irie continued. “There are other reasons research has been conducted on this disease secretly. But
the primary one is the obvious public panic caused if this information got out. And so, that’s the
true explanation for why we’ve kept your brother hidden. I could say there was no malice behind it.
That it was the wrong thing done for the right reasons, but there are results from this research that
will haunt me for the rest of my life.”
“Well, there you have it.” Ooishi remarked. “I’m not sure how much of it I believe myself, but Dr.
Irie appears to be telling the truth. And in some ways, it’s too insane to be a made up story. I will
ask, Ms. Sonozaki. What will you do with this information going forward?”
Mion was still trying to wrap her head around the concept. Was there really something that loony
that existed in Hinamizawa? A disease that no one in her family’s history had ever heard of before?
“I’ll… have to get back to you on that one, Ooishi. I’ll talk to Grandma about it.”
“Fair, it’s a hard concept to wrap my head around. It’s not comforting to know I could develop the
disease myself, nfufufu.” The detective stood and stretched his back. “That’s all I will need for
now, Satoshi. You’re free to go now along with your friends.”
Silently, Satoshi stood up and bowed. He began to feebly walk towards the door with Mion and
Satoko rushing to help him to the car. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Rika had remained
seated. She was deeply troubled. “Are you ok there little Ms. Oyashiro?”
Rika perked up. “O-oh! I’m fine! I’m just… not sure what to make of all of it.”
“Take all the time you need. But perhaps go do it in the car? I don’t want you left here all alone,
Ms. Furude. Unless, you’d like to drive home in my own car. I do have wonderful air conditioning
in it, nfufufu.”
“Ah, I’d better get going. Have a nice day, Mr. Ooishi!”
“And you as well. … Ah, wait! I just remembered! Before you go!” Ooishi rushed to an adjacent
room. “I believe this belongs to Satoko.”
Rika gasped. It was the massive teddy bear Satoshi had bought for Satoko forever ago. “Irie said he
found this left in Satoshi’s room. Said it was a gift that never got to her.”

“Oh my. Satoko will… she’ll love this! I’ll take it to her right away! Thank you, you two!” Ooishi
gave the teddy bear to Rika. In truth, it was a little heavy for her small frame, but she held on to it
well. “I’d best be going now.”
“Have a good one.”
As Rika waddled outside with the teddy bear that nearly matched her height, Ooishi took a seat
once more with a sigh. “Not in my wildest dreams would I have imagined some local disease
would be the reason behind the Watanagashi murders.”
“Do you still believe Satoshi is responsible for what happened to his aunt?”
After a long pause, Ooishi grunted. “Yes, but the idea of prosecuting someone that committed
murder because of this syndrome is… unprecedented territory. Besides, someone already took the
fall for the crime.”
“So it wouldn’t be worth doing, anyway.” Fear manifested in the back of Irie’s mind as a question
sprung forth. “How exactly would they prosecute someone that murdered under the effects of the
disease?”
“Doc, I truly don’t know. I’m no expert, but how much do we truly understand the brain as is? The
mental side of things? How do people rationalize doing crime or even killing someone? Much more
so with a disease like this? You’ll hear all sorts of things, but that’s more your field than mine.”
“... Would they at least be excused potentially under the insanity defense?”
“Nfufufu, maybe. But it’s near nonexistent. I could look through 100,000 cases and count the
number of uses it had on one hand.”
“I see. I understand true insanity is extremely rare, but still.”
“While we’re on the topic, I’ll say this, Doc. Our justice system is not a kind one. One could argue
it’s not even particularly just. It might sound strange for a detective to say that, but it’s the truth.”
“Then how do you handle serving such a system?”
“I just do what I can to do things right in this thing we call life. Protect innocents, and prosecute the
guilty. That’s the ideal, at least.”
“... Would you believe me if I said I’ve been trying to do the same?”
“I would. Not that that absolves you of what you’ve done, but I would believe it.”
A soft smile spread across Irie’s face. “Thank you, Ooishi. I assume there are many more questions
you have to ask me?”
“Nfufufu, that would be correct. Now where were we before they came in?”
~~~~
Satoshi leaned back resting in the comfortable car seat. The absolute joy on Satoko’s face and the
sound of excitement she made when she received the teddy bear was music to his ears. But also all

that energy expelled had sapped him of his own. It took him some time to realize they had driven
away from Hinamizawa. “Are we going somewhere?”
A mischievous look appeared on Mion’s face. “Oh, you’ve only now noticed? We have something
special planned for you today.”
“Meep, we think you’ll really love it!”
“... As long as it’s not physically intensive, it sounds fun.”
“What are we doing exactly?” Satoko asked, just as much in the dark as her brother, apparently.
“It’s a little early, but how does a nice lunch sound?” Mion asked.
“Oh, that sounds nice. Where are we going to?”
“You’re about to see,” she said with a wink.
A few minutes later, they parked in front of what appeared to be a café. Satoshi squinted as a hazy
memory returned. “Angel Mort?”
“Shhh, you’ll see.” Mion and Rika helped Satoshi walk through the door with Satoko following in
tow. Strangely, their car was one of very few parked in front of the building. It’s not gone out of
business, so what gives?
As he was escorted inside, he realized they were the only ones in the building. Both Mion and Rika
gestured for Satoko and Satoshi to take a seat in a nearby booth. “You can come out now, Sis!”
“A-are you sure? This feels like a bit much.”
“It’s less revealing than what you usually wear here. What’s the problem, Sis?”
“Ugh that’s not… fine!”
Satoshi’s eyes widened as he saw Shion round the corner. She was wearing a beautiful white
summer dress and heels. Her hair was done up in her normal style, but it shined more than usual.
Her face was radiant, bashful but gorgeous. Some makeup had been applied, but most of it was just
natural beauty.
Satoshi was speechless. Shion’s cheeks reddened even more. “D-don’t just stare. Say something!”
“S-sorry! I just didn’t expect you to be here or look like this. But you look … pretty.”
“Shion, why are you dressed like that?” Satoko asked.
“Meep, we wanted to celebrate Satoshi’s return with a wonderful meal!”
“And to give you and Shion some time to catch up.” Mion chimed in. “I’m sure you have plenty
you’d like to talk about without us around.”
“O-oh. … Thanks, I don’t know what to say.” Satoshi stated.

“Hee hee, don’t say anything! Just leave it up to us.” She grabbed Shion’s hand and pulled her
forward. “C’mon Sis. Don’t you want to catch up with Satoshi?”
“Ow! Careful, I’m not used to walking in heels!”
“But you look good in them. And I’m sure Satoshi appreciates it as well.”
Shion scowled at her. “Sis, you’re enjoying this way too much. But… thank you.”
“Eh, even if you’re a no good sister, I still have to treat you right sometimes.” Mion said with a
sappy grin.
“Ugh, don’t make me feel any more embarrassed, please.”
Shion took a seat across from Satoshi. Mion signalled to the driver out front. “Besides, we found
something important while we were at the clinic.”
“Meep, I think you’ll find it really cute. Satoko loves it.”
Satoko was mildly embarrassed, but smiled nonetheless nodding her head. As the driver brought in
the ginormous teddy bear, Shion stared back at in disbelief. “This is… the gift Satoshi was trying to
get you.” She nearly choked up, but held back her tears. “I’m… I’m overjoyed you found it. Sir,
could you just sit it right next to me?”
The driver raised an eyebrow, but did as he was told. Shion, purely for the sake of research, hugged
it tightly. “Ahhhh, it’s so soft. I might have to borrow this a few times, Satoko. I could fall asleep in
an instant.”
“H-hey! It’s mine!”
“I’m joking, Satoko. I would never dream of taking it from you. … Especially, not after all Satoshi
has been through to get it.”
“Yeah, it sure took a while, hahaha.” Satoshi’s laugh was awkward, not wanting to recall everything
that had followed purchasing the stuffed bear. “I’m really happy Satoko likes it.”
“Oh, I love it Nii-Nii! Thank you!”
Satoshi lightly patted his sister’s head. “You’re welcome, Satoko.”
“We’ll be leaving now.” Rika promptly said.
“Have fun you two. Kasai will drive you back home once you’re done. And tell me the details later,
Sis.” Mion stated with a wink.
The duo exited the café leaving the trio by themselves. Satoshi had a quick look around. “Are we
the only ones here?”
“My uncle owns the place, so Sis was able to convince him to let us have the place to ourselves.
Though, I feel like she went a bit too far.”
“Do they have any staff here? Who’s going to serve us?” Satoko wondered aloud.

“That would be my job, Ms. Hojo.” The two Hojos looked behind their booth to see Kasai
approaching. He bowed. “I’ll be your server.”
Shion lightly giggled. Kasai raised his head. “Is there something wrong, Shion?”
“I’m just wondering what you’d look like in the Angel Mort dress.”
Even with the sunglasses hiding his eyes, his face showed clear discomfort. “An amusing idea,
Shion. However, I must stay dressed like this for professionalism’s sake. Lest I bring shame to the
Family I serve.”
“Overly serious as always. I know what I want.” Shion stated, pointing at an item on the menu.
Kasai nodded, and wrote it down. “And for you Satoshi? If you need some more time, I can come
back.”
“Um, I’ll just… have this.”
“Good answer, Sir.”
“Wait, I didn’t know you could cook, Kasai.” Satoko interjected.
The slightest of smiles appeared on Kasai’s face. “Who do you think has been helping Shion
learn?”
“Urgk, … you didn’t need to let them know that, Kasai.”
“Perhaps, but it would be wrong to deceive our esteemed guests. I’ll go start cooking the food.”
“Hang on, what about my order?” Satoko questioned.
“Ah, that. Shion has already prepared a meal choice for you rich in a variety of nutrition.”
Satoko’s face soured. “Not with vegetables, right?”
“Satoko, it’s about time you tried asparagus. I’ll put some mayo on it. It’s delicious, I promise.”
“... I don’t want to.” The girl was ready to fabricate crocodile tears.
“You want to look brave in front of Satoshi, right? I’m sure he wants his little sister to be eating
well.”
“That’s… not fair.” Satoko pouted. “I’ll try a bite, if I must.”
Shion with a victorious smile motioned to Kasai the matter was settled. “Very well, I’ll be out with
your food shortly.”
Satoshi was baffled at the exchange. “What’s going on?”
“I think I mentioned it before, but I’ll say it again. If Keiichi has been like an older brother to me
while you were gone, Shion has been like an older sister to me. … Perhaps, too much so.”
“Oh, don’t say that, Satoko. You need a proper diet.”

“You’ve been taking care of her?” Satoshi inquired.
Shion blushed slightly. “Well … yeah. You asked me to.”
Satoshi finally recognized what Shion was talking about. “I did, that’s right! I didn’t forget that, I
just… it didn’t come to mind. … You two do seem very close.”
“She’s family to me, and I don’t say that lightly. I could never be a substitute for you, but I… I
wanted to see her happy.”
“Shion…” Satoko’s voice waned.
“Sorry, Satoko. I don’t mean to talk like you’re not here, but I want to be genuine with how I feel.”
“... I know. And I’m grateful for all you’ve done, even if I hate you forcing me to try veggies.”
“It’s what a good older sister would do.”
As Satoshi watched the exchange, he lowered his head with a bitter smile. “Man, I really went and
left both of you with a burden to carry.”
“W-what?! No!” Shion frantically denied. “I don’t mind at all. I love Satoko and I lo-... I care
deeply for you as well, Satoshi. I’ve kept at it, because I had hope you’d return one day. And now
you have! There’s no burden! Both I and Satoko have become stronger waiting for you to return!”
“It’s true, Nii-Nii! Please don’t blame yourself. It wasn’t your fault, it was the syndrome!”
“Yes! The… pardon, what now, Satoko?” Shion did a double take.
Satoko quickly covered her mouth realizing she probably shouldn’t have spilled the beans. “Go
ahead, Satoko. Shion deserves to know.” Satoshi insisted. After a few seconds passed, Satoko
explained what they had learned from Irie about the Hinamizawa Syndrome and how it affects
people. Shion listened intently, though she felt deeply unsettled by the implications. Perhaps some
even involving herself, but that was best saved for later.
“... As Satoko said, you had to be taken to the clinic because of your disease. You didn’t wake up
for nearly a year’s time! That’s how badly it was affecting you!”
“Perhaps, but I can’t blame everything on sickness.”
“Yes, you can! You’ve not been a burden to us, Satoshi! I promise.”
Her words were sincere, but something about them bothered him. Dark, suffocating thoughts crept
into his mind, and he began to grit his teeth. “You don’t understand. I’m not who you think I am. I
should still be in that bed trapped beneath that clinic.”
Shion couldn’t understand what Satoshi was saying, and was growing irritated. “That’s nonsense,
Satoshi! Why would you even say such a thing?!”
“Because, Shion, I’m not a good person.”
“You’re the sweetest boy I’ve ever met, Satoshi! Please, be kind to yourself!”

“Why should I be? I’ve done something horrific.”
“What could you POSSIBLY have done to justify how you’re acting right now?!”
“Nii-Nii please, this isn’t like you.”
Satoshi lowered his head, a small, humorless laugh escaped his lips. “Why are both of you acting
like you don’t know? If you know me so well, it should be easy to guess. Ooishi knows. All my
friends know. Everyone pretends they don’t, it’s ridiculous.”
“Would you spell out whatever the hell you’re referring to?! Seriously, Satoshi! You have no reason
to badmouth yourself!”
Satoshi slowly looked up. His bangs covering one eye, and the other glaring hard at Shion causing
her to tense slightly. “Maybe you really don’t know, Shion. So I’ll put it as plainly as I can. I
murdered my own aunt, Shion. I’m a killer. That’s the kind of person you’re looking at right now.
I’m neither the brother nor person you think I am.”
A chilling, horrifying silence filled the room. Shion was struck mute by Satoshi’s confession.
Satoko had realized the truth at some point in the past, but it still rocked her world to hear Satoshi
say it. “Nii-Nii…”
Gradually, Shion’s head lowered to the ground, her bangs covering both her eyes. Satoshi could
only pathetically smile. “The truth finally comes out. But at least it’s out there now. It’s relieving,
but I can’t stop at just confessing. I should turn myself in later today. If I’m not being too selfish
here, I’d at least like to enjoy one last meal with my sister and you, Shion. Truly, thank you for
everything. If I must have one final memory before I spend time atoning for my sins this is the best
I could ask for.”
“Who cares?” A soft inquiry whispered from Shion’s mouth.
Satoshi furrowed his brow. “What, Shion?”
“WHO CARES, GODDAMMIT!!” Shion stood up and slammed both her hands down on the table
startling both of the Hojos. “You really think no one else wanted to get rid of those pieces of shit?!
That no one else wanted to kill them?! Your aunt and uncle weren’t humans! They were abusive
demons that hurt you and Satoko every damned day! What else were you supposed to do?! Just sit
there and take it while you both withered away! Something had to give!”
“S-Shion?! B-but I-”
“Obviously killing isn’t the right answer, but how else are you going to get out of that situation?! I
don’t care if you did it or not! Maybe the syndrome pushed you toward it, but then even more so
you’re not at fault! No one was crying over her death! No one mourned for that flesh bag
pretending to be human! That useless uncle of yours skipped town! And if he ever shows up here
again, I’ll personally make sure he’s-”
Shion froze. Her gaze shifted to Satoko. She was staring back at her with horror, as if she no longer
recognized her. A tsunami of regret washed over Shion as she slowly sat down. She covered her
mouth in shock. “Satoko, I… I’m so sorry I lost control of myself and…”

Only silence met her outburst. She put both of her hands over her face and leaned back. “Oh, I
should have just kept my mouth shut. … No. I could have phrased it better, but I don’t regret what I
said. And I need to say this to you, Satoshi.”
She uncovered her face, fresh tears running down her cheeks. “I just got you back. I can’t lose you
again. What you did wasn’t the right thing, but no one would blame you. And it is possible your
disease brought you to that point.”
“Please, don’t turn yourself in. Not after all I just got you back. Not after Satoko just got her
brother back.”
Satoshi was lost for words. He stared at Shion, and then looked at his sister. She was crying now
too. “I… I want to believe it was Hinamizawa Syndrome, Satoshi. I don’t think you’d be capable of
murder normally otherwise. Please don’t turn yourself in. Don’t leave me alone. I don’t want to
lose you again, Nii-Nii.”
Her response completely broke his resolve. Defeated, he buried his face in his hands as he slumped
in his seat. “Even if I don’t turn myself in, how can I live with myself? How can I atone for what
I’ve done? If I don’t absolve myself of this guilt, I’m afraid I’ll do something horrible again. Either
to myself, or someone I care for.”
“You do what you can, kid.” All three lifted their heads and turned their attention to the source of
the voice. It was Kasai. He awkwardly cleared his throat. “I didn’t mean to listen in, but I heard
Shion’s outburst and was looking for a good time to interject. Assuming, you don’t mind me saying
some things to the boy, Shion.”
After a few seconds, Shion nodded her head. “I’m not great with words, so this will come off as
blunt and maybe offensive. I’m a yakuza. Often, we get our hands dirty. Sometimes, we get them
dirty with blood. I’ve killed more than one person in my youth, and had more than one man under
me die from my orders now as I’ve grown older. I’ve killed both intentionally and unintentionally.
I’ve spent years in prison for my crimes. And it is still equally possible I’ll find myself dying with
lead in my stomach in the future.”
“I’ve chosen this path and its many regrets. If I could, I’d go back in the past and avoid killing
those I’ve murdered. But the fact of the matter is that their blood is on my hands. And all I can do
is try to do good now where I can. I know it might sound odd for a yakuza to say this. Especially,
when I’m a man who still stores a double barreled shotgun in the trunk of his car secretly, just in
case of emergency.”
“But with the Sonozaki Family wanting to transition from crime to going clean and becoming a
general guiding force for the town… I think there’s a better future waiting for us all. Perhaps one
where I can truly turn over a new leaf. Satoshi, boy. You are just a child with your whole life ahead
of you. Someone has already taken the fall for you. You no longer need to serve time.”
“Did that result from luck? Absolutely, but so did your return to the world of the living. You also
have something a lot of us don’t. Friends and family willing to support you as you go on with daily
life. A support network that can be there for you when needed. It might seem selfless to turn
yourself in, but from my perspective you’re being a selfish brat trying to make yourself feel better.”
“You really want to throw it all away? Your life is not your own. You have friends that want to
welcome you back. You have the Head of the Family I serve preparing the town itself to have you

here. You have a cute sister whom you mean the world to. And you have a girl, so head over heels
in love with you, you’d have to be as dense as a rock to not see it, but that’s tracking so far.”
Shion’s face went beet red. “K-K-Kasai!!!”
That familiar slight smile returned. “I know his type, Shion. You’d have to literally spell it out for
him sooner or later.”
“Then let me do it on my own terms, dammit!”
“My apologies, Ms. Sonozaki. You can yell at me later.” He returned his gaze to Satoshi. “Point
being, kid. And pardon the language. Don’t be a dumbass and make the right choice. Or I might
just personally storm in there and break your sorry rear out of prison myself. Knowing Shion, she’d
half consider ordering me to do it, anyway.”
“You only get one chance at life, kid. Don’t waste it. Now if you excuse me, I think I smell the food
burning.” And with those final words, he rapidly left to finish the food.
Satoshi’s lips were mouthing words like a fish out of water. Satoko kept silent waiting to see what
would happen next. Shion covered her face in embarrassment. “Stupid Kasai…”
Eventually, Satoshi flopped his arms in the air and leaned back. “I give up.”
It was so flippant it caught both his sister and Shion off guard. “So… you’re not going to turn
yourself in, Nii-Nii?”
“What would be the point? I still have the guilt, but he made such a sound and concrete argument, I
have nothing. Literally freaking nothing. I feel so seen through, I might as well be naked.”
A soft sound bellowed from Satoko’s throat as it transformed into a full-blown laugh. “Nii-Nii, I’ve
never heard you sound like that before.”
Shion was desperately trying not to crack a smile, but shortly she found herself giggling as well.
Even Satoshi had to laugh a little. “Man, I really am a mess.”
“You are a mess, Satoshi. But-” She reached over and firmly grasped his hand. “You’re my mess.
And I’m never letting go of you again.”
Satoko pouted. “Hey, don’t forget he’s my brother.”
Shion laughed again. “Sorry, he’s OUR mess. And you’re stuck with us.”
“... Like I said, I still feel a lot of guilt. And I don’t even know where to begin about ‘atoning’. But
if not for my self, I’ll… I’ll try to live a normal life for you two. If I trip along the way, please be
there to help me get back up.”
“Of course, Nii-Nii.”
“We will.” Shion answered.
Afterward, their food arrived. A few bits burned, but edible. “My sincerest apologies. I wasn’t able
to completely save the food… “ Kasai stated.

“Truly, it’s fine. Now go rest, Kasai. You’ll need it for later.” Shion remarked with eyes closed and
a devilish smile.
Kasai gulped. “Y-yes, Master Shion. As you say.”
Satoshi grabbed his chopsticks, and took a bite of his lunch. It tasted wonderful. He looked at both
Shion and his sister happily eating their meals. His gaze then turned to outside. It was a splendid
view outside, the sun shining brightly and people walking to and fro. Life moving on as was
intended.
Satoshi took another bite. It warmed his insides, and for the first time that day he felt at ease. I don’t
know what’s ahead in my life. I have no clue where to begin in how to live ‘normally’ now. But for
them, I’ll give it a shot. I must.
~~~~
Night had come, and the higurashi’s activity had ceased. Kiryu was reluctantly sharing bed space
with Majima once more, but it was what they both had to deal with. Kiryu was almost asleep.
When he felt Majima tapping his shoulder. “What is it, Majima?” He grumbled more than asked.
“I need your help with something.”
“It’s past 11. Let me go back to sleep.”
“No, I’m serious. I’m trying to remember something.”
Grumbling more, Kiryu flipped on to his back looking at Majima. “What?”
“Do you remember those disco places you and I used to dance at?”
Kiryu slightly frowned. “They’re still around? What does this have to do with anything?”
“I was just thinking about it. Today’s Friday, yeah? There was some really catchy song I danced to
a few times there. It would go like ‘Can’t stop dancing all night long. Jumping and shaking
something? Move your body. Don’t stop the music all night long. Keep it on. It’s a… Friday
evening or Friday night?’”
“I think I remember a song like that. But why do you ask?”
“I’m trying to remember the name of the song.”
“... You’re screwing with me.”
“No, I’m serious! I’m trying to remember what the name of the damn song was!”
“Really? Majima, it’s called ‘Friday Night’. You literally said the name in the lyrics.”
The realization hit Majima hard as he facepalmed. “Ohhhhh, I’m a dumbass! How could I forget?!
It’s literally a Friday night right now! Geez, no wonder it felt so familiar.”
“... Was that it?”
“Huh?”

“I thought you said it was something important.”
“Yeah, it was. It was going to keep me up all night trying to remember the name of that song.”
The silence was deafening. “... Go the fuck to sleep, Majima.” Kiryu rolled back over, grumbling a
few curses under his breath.
Majima crossed his arms. “Hmph, fine! See if I help you the next time you can’t sleep! Bitch!”
Majima dramatically got back into bed and turned away from Kiryu on his side.
Unbeknownst to the two, Hanyuu had been watching their shenanigans the whole time. She was
utterly nonplussed. How again did these two become the key to saving my daughter?

Chapter End Notes

Yesterday, I spent legit hours drafting out the choreography for a long fight in another fic I'm
doing. I got it done, but it was killing me and I needed a break, so I guess the answer was to
write a 6k word chapter for this fic today??? Don't ask me to explain the creative process. My
ass does not know.

Chapter 57: Bloodstained Angels Arc Chapter 6: Return To Form
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

That time of year had arrived once more. The day before Watanagashi. A time for everyone to do
their part. And certainly, the kids were busy. Mion was helping lead multiple projects. Rena was
obsessed with the prizes at one of the booths, a massive teddy bear having enraptured her from her
work. Most of the men including Keiichi and Satoshi within reason were doing physical labor and
helping set up exhibits and the stage for Rika to perform on.
And as for Rika herself, she was confined to her practice as usual. A role so mind-numbing to her
now, she could practice freely while she let her mind drift. So it was a pleasant surprise when her
friend called out to her. “Satoko? Meep, why are you here?”
She held her hand up, recovering her breath. “I forgot to tell you about yesterday.”
“Ah, how did it go? Hopefully really well.”
“Yeah! … For the most part.”
Rika’s eyes narrowed. “Did something happen?”
“... Yes, something did. The result wasn’t a bad one. But it was something that needed to be
discussed.”
Satoko summarized Satoshi’s confession and Kasai’s speech. Rika wasn’t terribly surprised to hear
based on how he was acting, but Satoshi was the one friend of hers she had no future knowledge of.
No patterns to recognize, no actions in previous fragments to consider. So it did leave her feeling
uneasy. “Will he be ok?”
“I think so. You saw him this morning. He has a lot more energy than yesterday. Not that his guilt is
gone, but I think he’s in a much better place mentally.”
“Nipah! That’s great to hear!”
“It is! And if there are any setbacks, I’ll help him through it. It’s… it’s my turn to protect him this
time.”
Rika exhaled sharply. “I’m… sure he appreciates it, but don’t push yourself so hard, Satoko. Things
aren’t how they were. We’re all in a much better place now.”
Satoko nodded. “I understand your concern, Rika. But he’ll be living with us for right now. If you
think I’m going too far just… let me know.”
“Meep, I will! See you later, Satoko!”
Satoko smiled and waved as she dashed away. Rika’s smile faded away as apprehension coated her
body. Here I am once again. On the precipice of yet another possible tragedy. All I can do is just
pray nothing bad happens.

~~~~
Further away, Satoshi and Keiichi were helping move various supplies. Satoshi stuck to carrying
lighter things, and took a short break now and then to conserve stamina. The monotonous nature of
the labor comforted him, kept his mind away from bothersome thoughts. This was the most time he
had spent with this new boy around his age. It was hard to say he had gotten to know him better
since they had exchanged only bits of small talk, but he was able to observe how he carried
himself.
He was full of vigor, and more than eager to help out. Despite being a newcomer and outsider at
that, he seemed to have fit right in with everyone else. It was also a reminder of how much things
had changed. The people around him were strangely nicer than they had been before. Judgmental
and harsh looks had been replaced with friendly faces, even if he could tell some were forcing it.
Everything had moved so fast in just a few days. An unusual sense of pride filled him for being
able to adapt so quickly, but the fact it was mostly due to help from his friends kept him humble.
His mind returned to Keiichi in front of him. About how this young man had helped Satoko in his
place. The idea that perhaps Satoko preferred Keiichi over him as her brother leaked in
sporadically, but he would quickly expunge such nonsensical thoughts.
After a point, he grew tired of just observing him. “Say, Keiichi.”
“Hmm? You need something, Satoshi?”
“How long have you been here?”
Keiichi paused briefly. “That’s a good question. Over a month now for sure. Five to six weeks I
want to say? Why do you ask?”
“I was just… curious.”
Keiichi forced a laugh. “Hehe, it must be odd, right? You have all these close friends happy to see
you return, and I’m just the new guy.”
“No, It’s not that. It’s, uh… “ His voice faded away as a lopsided smile formed. “It’s embarrassing
to say, but I wanted to… learn more about you.”
“Oh! … Sure, yeah. I don’t mind. Ask away.”
“Ok. Why did you want… well, no that doesn’t make any sense. It was probably your parents that
wanted to… I’m rambling. Why did your parents want to move here?
Keiichi flinched. His start wasn’t lost on Satoshi. “You don’t have to answer if-”
“No, it’s fine! Honestly! It’s a normal question to ask. It really shouldn’t have caught me off guard,
heh.”
“You’re sure?”
“... Yeah, I am. I don’t want or need to go into details, but I think this was an ideal place to get a
fresh start. I did some REALLY stupid stuff in the past. Not outright horrible, but… it could have
been awful if things had gone differently.”

Satoshi’s eyebrows rose a fraction. “Ah. I won’t poke the bear on that one then.”
Keiichi grinned. “You’d have a hard time finding a bear around here to poke, anyway.”
The corner of Satoshi’s mouth curved upwards. Keiichi was proud the stupid joke had gotten a
reaction. “Your parents picked well, Keiichi. This is a wonderful place. I’d wager most people have
done something dumb or bad in their past here.” Some a lot worse than others. … No, quit that. I
promised I’d try to not get down on myself.
As he gazed back at Keiichi, the boy’s expression was hard to read. “Did I say something weird?”
“Not really, no. I didn’t expect you to be so fond of Hinamizawa considering… everything I’ve
heard.”
Keiichi wasn’t sure if he should have mentioned it. He didn’t know everything about Satoko and
her brother’s past, but it was clearly not a happy tale. He anticipated Satoshi scowling at him, but
the boy simply shrugged. “It’s true. Growing up here hasn’t been a generally pleasant experience.
But I have made good friends here, so it wasn’t all bad.”
“Things change. And they can change fast. I’ve recognized that a lot in the last few days. I was
asleep for about a year. I’ve missed a lot, but the changes so far have been almost… universally
good. I just wish I was a little stronger, but that will come in time.”
“You say that, but… I’ll just ask. Do you need help with anything? I know Rika and Satoko are
living with you, and Shion will visit regularly. But we are both guys. And it’s nice to finally have
another dude my age in class.”
Satoshi’s eyes glimmered as he gave a grateful nod. “I think I’m good right now, but I’ll let you
know if I need anything. And besides, you’ve already helped plenty. I… I should have said this
sooner, but thank you for what you’ve done for Satoko. You’ve been a good older brother figure to
her.”
Keiichi’s eyes widened. “Oh! You’re… welcome? I just wanted to be a good friend to her. Does she
see me that way?”
“Partially, yeah. She’s said as much.”
Keiichi’s grin became sheepish. “Wow, I don’t know what to say. I’m happy to be appreciated? But
I feel like I’d be better suited as just her friend. At least now that you’re back.”
“And who says we both can’t be older brothers to her?”
The Magician of Words uncharacteristically found he had none, making Satoshi chuckle. “I’m half
joking, don’t worry. You’re free to think of yourself as just a friend to her. But if my condition were
to worsen for whatever reason, it makes me happy to know I can rely on someone like you. I’ve
gotten to learn more about you the last few days and today. I’m not the best judge of character, but I
want to say you’re a solid person, Keiichi Maebara.”
A slight blush filled the boy’s face. “I, uh, don’t know what to say. Thanks, that means a lot. I
didn’t expect you to be the sincere type. But then again, I’m not sure what I expected. I’ve barely
gotten to know you.”

“Then ask away, Keiichi. I don’t mind.”
A mischievous smirk manifested. “Alright! How far along are you and Shion?”
Satoshi did a double take. “What?! You can’t just-”
He was cut off by Keiichi’s laughter. “Hahaha, you should’ve seen your face, man! Hahaha!”
Satoshi slightly pouted. “I know I said ‘ask away’, but…”
“I’m just messing with you, dude. I do have an actual question, though.”
“Being?”
Keiichi took a quick look around. His volume shifted to a whisper. “You played in the club, right?”
“Mion’s club? Yeah, what of it?”
“Do you have any ‘intel’ on tricks or certain plays the rest of the club members like to do? Any
advice? They’re killing me, man! I thought maybe Kiryu could be the newbie they dogpile on, but
he’s a natural! I’m dead meat if this keeps up!”
Satoshi snorted. “Ahhh, I do remember the penalties being a handful.”
“Yeah, you don’t have to tell me about Satoko. But give me something for Mion, Rena, and Rika,
please! They’re little imps!. I need any advantage I can get. It’s like how Sun Tzu said, ‘Know the
enemy better than you know yourself’.”
“Did he actually say that?”
“I have no idea, but the point stands.”
Another muffled laugh. “Well, considering they’ll want me to rejoin at some point, I suppose an
alliance could be quite helpful.”
“I’m down, but you need to get Satoko on my side. She’s debatably the most brutal of them all. It’s
half the reason I’m asking.”
“I can arrange that.”
A scheming grin was planted on both the boys’ face. “Excellent, a pleasure doing business with
you, Satoshi.”
“And you as well, Keiichi. May it be a wonderful partnership.”
~~~~
An hour or so had passed, and it was growing apparent more supplies were needed for one of the
booths. Keiichi was about to offer to bike to Okinomiya to pick some things up, but Satoshi beat
him to the punch. “I’ll go.”
Keiichi knitted his brow. “What? No, you should stay Satoshi. That’s too much for your body.”

“No it isn’t. I’ve had to take some breaks, but I feel like just moving around and being active today
has helped my body get back into gear.”
“Ok, but can you even ride your bike? What if you fall and get hurt badly?”
A fair point, and one that made Satoshi feel dejected. “I… think I’d be fine. I just want to do
something more.”
Keiichi thought it over, and reached a conclusion. “Fine, I’ll go with you.”
The boy’s eyes lit back up. “You will?”
“Someone has to keep an eye out for you. If you want me to be a brother figure to Satoko, that
makes me your brother as well.”
“I’m not sure if that’s… how it works.”
“Too bad! I’m going with ya! It sure beats carrying around a bunch of stuff here.”
“As opposed to carrying stuff back on our bikes?”
“... It’s something different. C’mon, let’s do it!”
Satoshi smiled as he rolled his eyes. “Why not? Do you have an extra bike I can borrow?”
“Indeed, I do! Let’s head over to my house, and we can grab it.” Satoshi nodded as he followed
Keiichi. A few near trips happened along the way, but the boy was far more stable than he had
been.
~~~~
After a slow, but steady journey to Okinomiya, the boys had arrived at a local store and in a matter
of minutes had everything they needed. Keiichi was carrying about four bags with Satoshi carrying
two. The boys were having a relaxed chat as they walked towards their bikes parked a ways away.
They were about to turn the corner when Satoshi stopped. “Keiichi, watch out!”
“Huh? Oof!” He wasn’t looking where he was going, and walked right into a man rounding the
corner.
“Agh! Where the hell do you think you’re walking, brat?!”
Keiichi realized he had messed up badly “S-sorry, Sir!”
“And as for your friend…” The man’s expression shifted from rage to befuddlement. Keiichi
followed his eyes to Satoshi. The boy’s face was pallid, ill, and rancid with fear and shock. Both
bags clattered to the ground, as Satoshi began to shake. “... Uncle?” Dread shot through Keiichi’s
body as he realized who the man was before him. He could only keep silent, unsure of what would
happen next.
Teppei’s confused face changed to a slimy grin. “Well, I’ll be damned. Is that you Satoshi?”
Satoshi didn’t answer. He was still reeling. “W-w-what are you doing here?”

“I have my reasons. Where have you been hiding? … Actually, it doesn’t matter. I was about to
catch a taxi before your… friend bumped into me. It’s fine, though. Accidents happen.” There was
a not so thinly veiled malice behind his words.
Keiichi was about to say something, but Satoshi stepped forward. “What do you want?”
Teppei grunted. “Want?! Does an uncle need a reason to see his nephew? I was heading to our old
home. Assuming, the piece of junk is still in one piece. … Why don’t you come with me, Satoshi?
Visit our old stomping grounds.”
Before Satoshi could answer, Keiichi interjected. “Oh! So you’re his uncle! I’ve heard about you!”
Teppei arched a brow. “Huh?”
Keiichi wore a regular smile, but his eyes were giving a challenge. “Yes, MANY things.”
“And what exactly is that supposed to mean?”
Keiichi was wading in murky waters with a predator right in front of him. But he didn’t care. He
wasn’t about to let something happen to his newfound brother. And yet, Satoshi put a hand on his
shoulder with an intense gaze that pleaded not to do anything. Satoshi, what are you doing?
“Just all the shenanigans we got into when I was younger! Y’know, old silly stories.”
Teppei was obviously skeptical of the claim, but he could let it pass by. Because who could have
guessed his nephew of all people would be here in town. He faked a friendly smile. “Ah, yeah. We
did have a lot of fun. Didn’t we, Satoshi?” He glared down at his nephew. A confirmation that the
pecking order remained. A reaffirmation of his superiority over his inferiors.
Reluctantly, Satoshi nodded. “Keiichi, I’m sorry to ask, but could you take these two bags.” He
bent over stuffing the spilled items back into the bag, and handed them to Keiichi. “I know it’s a
lot, but I… really need to help my uncle out.”
It was a hard glare. One that did demand a lot, but in their current situation, Keiichi could only nod.
What was he going to do? Make a scene? Run away with Satoshi? Presumably, Teppei was still
Satoshi’s guardian. And Satoko’s as well. Oh no, Satoko! “But Satoshi, what about your sis-”
“It’s fine. … I’ll handle it and keep her safe.” His voice was low, but demanding.
His sheer resolve made Keiichi flinch. “But Satoshi, you can’t. Your condition-”
“Will be fine. Everything will be fine.”
Keiichi felt like he was about to cry. Could he really do nothing to help his friend? “Then what
should I do?”
“Would you two brats quit yapping! I don’t have all day, Satoshi!”
Briefly, Satoshi gritted his teeth, but found some level of calm. “Just be patient. And make sure
Shion doesn’t do anything dumb.”
“I… ok.” With a final nod and a mutual understanding, the two parted. Keiichi took a deep breath,
and forced a smile. “I’ll be seeing you, Satoshi. And um, his uncle. Have… a good one, you two.”

“About damn time you two quit it. Yeesh, what is he? Your boyfriend?”
There was a brief change in Satoshi’s breathing as it sharpened. But he kept his temper. “No, Uncle
Teppei. Just a new friend.”
“Ya don’t say.” He eyes went back and forth between his nephew and his friend. He spotted a taxi
coming, and waved it down. “Let’s get going, Satoshi. I’m sure we have a lot to catch up on.”
At that, Satoshi’s facade fell. And whatever blessings he had gained seemed now like nothing more
than a false paradise.
~~~~
The ride to their old home was torturous. Teppei asked a few questions, but after Satoshi kept
giving the most bare minimum of an answer, he got annoyed and gave up and closed his eyes. After
roughly a half hour, they arrived a few houses away. His whole body felt wobbly, but Satoshi
steeled himself and silently followed Teppei. A brief walk, and Satoshi had returned to what he
might think of as his own personal hell.
Teppei grumbled a few times as he kneeled and searched for something. He picked up a heavy
rock, and underneath in a hole was a small box. Inside was a spare key to the property. He cursed
once as he stretched his back, and unlocked the door. Only to find out it was unlocked to begin
with. He looked over his shoulder. “Oh, yeah. You mentioned you live with Satoko and that Furude
girl now, huh?”
With a measured expression, Satoshi nodded. Teppei looked away pondering something. “I’ll go
grab her later.”
Alarm bells rang off in Satoshi’s head. “I’ll get her!” The outburst made Teppei pause and look at
him suspiciously. His throat felt as dry as the Sahara. “A-As in, I’ll get her for you. You probably
just want to relax, right? She’s my sister, let me take care of it.”
Teppei grunted, and opened the door. “Whatever. Just don’t pull any funny business.” Both entered
the house, and Teppei held his nose. “Damn, this place smells dusty!” He kicked aside some trash
on the floor. He looked around and eventually plopped into a nearby chair. “It’ll do. Beats some of
the places I’ve been to.”
His sharp eyes turned to Satoshi sending a chill down his spine. “Sit down.”
Satoshi didn’t argue. He took a seat in another chair facing Teppei. His face scrunched briefly, the
dust being worse than imagined. An unpleasantly familiar sight played out. His uncle grabbed a
cigarette, lit it with his personal lighter, and leaned back in the chair. He crossed his legs, his eyes
now resting on Satoshi anymore. “So, tell me.”
“Tell you… what?”
“Isn’t it damn obvious? Where and what the fuck have you been up to the last year? You killed that
bitch of a wife I had, and fled the scene. And none of my guys have heard shit about you since.”
His blood turned frigid. An undeniable terror across his face, which Teppei only smirked at.
“What? You think them pinning it on some random bastard meant I couldn’t figure it out?”

He began to shake like a leaf. “I… I…”
“Oh, don’t get me wrong. You did me a favor, Satoshi!”
Satoshi froze. He had no idea what to say next. Not that Teppei gave him a chance to say anything.
“You know how many times I contemplated wringing her neck? I’m sure the broad considered it
for me a few times. Having to flee my own home was inconvenient, but I have connections. It
wasn’t that bad, and I found me one hell of a babe. No clue where she’s been the last few days, but
this house has more than enough room for her. Consider her your new aunt.”
Satoshi still didn’t reply making Teppei raise a brow. “The fuck is your problem, kid? Did you have
nightmares I’d come avenge her and make you black and blue? Break every bone in your body.” A
nasty smile formed, amused by his own violent capabilities. “Eh, I can’t blame you. You know your
place. That said, I’m still curious what all happened. So enlighten me, and keep it simple. I’m not
one for drawn out stories.”
Satoshi swallowed and somewhat regained his composure. “I… don’t know how simply I can
explain I was in a coma.”
Teppei frowned as he blew out smoke. “The hell? You’d better not be pulling my leg.”
“I’m not! Genuinely!”
Teppei stared him down, every second for Satoshi feeling like an eternity. Eventually, his uncle
shrugged. “Get on with it.”
As efficiently as he could, Satoshi elaborated on his and Satoko’s history with Hinamizawa
Syndrome. That he had been in a coma underneath the Irie Clinic for a long time, and was a test
subject for medicine. He got more than one baffled look as a reply, but even to Teppei it was clear
Satoshi was telling the truth.
His uncle put his now finished cigarette in an ash try, as he mulled over the story. “Isn’t that some
shit? Both you and your sister need this specialized medicine?”
“Yes, … and it’s free! So you don’t have to worry about costs.”
Teppei was only half listening now, lighting another cigarette. “Hell of a story, you got, Satoshi.
The way you describe this syndrome shit. I can’t help but wonder. Perhaps, that’s what led you to
murder?”
Satoshi went pale. A satisfying enough answer for his uncle. “Damn, and here I thought maybe you
had grown some balls. Doing nothing but defending that pathetic sister you have.”
Satoshi tensed for a fraction of a second, but he kept his cool. “So… what now?”
Teppei snorted, something about the question entertained him. “What now, he asks?” He got up
from his chair, rising to his full height and walked over to Satoshi. “Did that coma give you brain
damage, too?”
“N-no, sorry for asking.” His eyes never fully met Teppei’s, his uncle now towering over him.
“We’re gonna be a family again, ya moron. What else would happen next? … Though, it doesn’t
hurt to lay some ground rules.” He slightly squatted reaching eye level with Satoshi, forcing him to

stare back into his soulless eyes. “You and Satoko do everything I say. No questions asked, no
attitude, and we’ll get along just fine.”
Without warning, he grasped Satoshi’s throat with one hand. The boy spasmed, and reached for the
hand with his own, but he knew he could do nothing in this situation. “But if you pull some shit.
Try to ice me like you did your aunt. I’ll fucking kill you and that shit runt sister of yours.
Understand?”
Satoshi vigorously nodded. Teppei kept a tight grasp a few seconds longer, and then let go. His
nephew gasped and began to cough violently. “Good boy. Now get off your ass and start cleaning
up around here. I’m going out to grab some drinks. And call wherever Satoko lives now, and tell
her to get her ass over here.”
Without a modicum of care to his still coughing nephew, Teppei put out the cigarette and walked
out the door. It slammed loudly behind him. As Satoshi recovered, crippling fear consumed him.
Reality was setting in. Nothing had gotten better. Nothing had changed. And now his sister would
suffer again with him being in no condition to protect her. If Oyashiro existed, all he could do is
whimper and pray that things would be ok. If only he knew she was doing the same not far above
him.

Chapter End Notes

I'm late to talking about it, but I'm ngl I don't think I care about the new Higu anime lol. Nor
do I see it affecting anything within this fic. It's already canon divergent as is admittedly, but I
try to stick to the original VN and nothing else as far as the characters are portrayed goes.

Chapter 58: Bloodstained Angels Arc Chapter 7: Out of Control
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After what felt like eons, Rika was finally free to go home. All of her friends had already left for
home including Satoko, which made her feel lonelier than usual. In truth, she felt on edge. The vast
amount of fragments she had passed through, the numerous tragedies she had seen. It almost gave
her a sixth sense for these kinds of things. But wouldn’t Hanyuu have let her know if something
went wrong?
It was strange to think of Hanyuu in that way now. ‘Someone you could consistently rely on’ was
not a concept Rika was used to. So even though these new fragments had been fraught with fresh
dangers, there was always a comfort in Hanyuu’s renewed self and Kiryu being a steadfast ally.
Things must be changing for the better, they managed to find a fragment where Satoshi had
recovered.
And yet unease gnawed at the back of her skull. She tried to put it out of her mind as she began to
walk home. The higurashi serenaded her, an experience so common, so repeated the girl no longer
registered it as anything but background noise. In a way, it perfectly represented her life. A
cacophony of white noise unchanging that ceased to exist as night came, and a new day brought the
same repetition.
Feeling philosophical today, aren’t we brain? Her stomach growled, a consequence of no lunch that
day. She got so involved in the routine of practice, it was no wonder she would forget to eat half the
time. Satoko has probably started cooking something. If not for me, certainly for Satoshi. I hope
he’s doing alright. It’s been a long work day for everyone.
… Well, except for Rena. It’s like expecting a herding dog to do its job while you’ve surrounded it
with toys. She laughed at the image. She had arrived home, and was about to enter when she found
herself pausing. It was quiet. She couldn’t sense either of the Hojo siblings inside. Her body reacted
like she had heard nails across a chalkboard.
No, this wasn’t the first time she had felt this sensation. So much had happened in the last three
fragments. Had it completely escaped her mind, or was she so in denial that it could happen again
now in three of the last five fragments they had visited? A fiery rage consumed her. She ripped
open the door and ran inside. The only person there to greet her was a slumped over Hanyuu sitting
on a couch.
“Hanyuu! What happened! Speak to me!”
The goddess slowly shifted her gaze over to Rika. Puffy eyes and tear stained cheeks greeted her.
“Welcome home, Rika.” Her voice was uncharacteristically monotone. It made Rika start. Hanyuu
at her worst had always been a bit more optimistic than her. Less numb, less jaded. Now it was like
looking in a mirror of herself at her worst. Her ancestor was utterly despondent. “H-Hanyuu?”
A smidgen of light returned to her eyes, perhaps aware of how she must have looked. But it just as
quickly vanished, not even having the energy to maintain appearances. “I’m… I’m so sorry, Rika. I
couldn’t do anything.”

“What happe-”
“Teppei, Rika. He and the Hojos are at their old house. Satoko came home, got a call from Satoshi,
and rushed over there. And I couldn’t do a thing about it.”
Rika said nothing. It was her worst fears confirmed, but it was morbidly predictable. She didn’t
know how to handle Hanyuu like this. She thought she was fully unnerved, but Hanyuu wasn’t
finished. “Do you think a goddess can still have sinful desires?”
“... I don’t know, Hanyuu. You’re the only one I’ve ever met.”
A wry smile crossed her face. She stared down at the ground, and then held out her hands looking
at them. “I wonder, Rika. I thought my purpose was to save you, and to work towards a world
without sin. And I still feel like that is my purpose. That I should be able to forgive sins even man
can’t forgive.”
“And yet, I’ve noticed dangerous thoughts intruding my head. What if I could just use my power to
kill Teppei? I used so much power to find us a fragment where both Satoko and Satoshi could be
happy. Maybe not consciously, but I wanted something new and good to happen. And it did. And
this slimy insult to humanity itself wants to get in the way of that?”
“And then I remember what’s happened every other fragment where someone killed Teppei. He’s
the definition of a curse. A constant anomaly that always drags everyone down into misery. I
thought I wasn’t capable of true hate. Animosity, a general dislike of someone, sure. But not this.”
She stared back at Rika, her eyes glazed over but with a quiet rage present at their core. “I’ve
changed, Rika. I’ve been changing ever since Kiryu arrived here. I don’t know if I’m becoming
more human, or if I’m becoming corrupted. Either way, I don’t think I like it. I feel like I see
glimpses of something in the past. Or rather someone. They were me, and yet not me. But that ‘me’
in the past is terrifying.”
“And here I am being selfish, when I should be encouraging you to check up on Satoko. Or I could
have told you earlier. I just… urgently feel I should be able to do more. That I somehow could have
prevented Teppei from showing up. I can do so much, and yet so little. I… I’ll stop talking. I’ll go
check on Satoko and Satoshi, you can stay here.”
Hanyuu was about to float away when Rika yelled for her to stop. “I’ll go, Hanyuu. I…” Her face
fell slightly, but she maintained resolve in her eyes. “Don’t get down on me now. We’ve done this
before. I’m not giving up just because it’s happened again. Even if we have to repeat something
similar to what we did before, I’ll make it work out. Both you and Kiryu have stayed determined. I
understand you’re feeling down, but someone needs to keep their head above water here. And if it
has to be me for now, so be it.”
“And… I don’t think you’re wrong for feeling that way. Deity or not, you’re allowed to feel anger
and hatred. It’s best to not let such feelings grow and fester, but… you don’t need me to say that.
I’ll give you some time alone. Let me see for myself how they’re doing.”
After a few seconds, Hanyuu nodded. “Just be careful. Don’t get caught by Teppei.”
“I know.” She turned away, her bangs now covering her eyes. “I know.”
~~~~

Rika had long ago lost count of how many fragments she had travelled through. It was easily above
a hundred, somewhere between 170-200 if she had to take a rough guess. What she did know for
sure was that she had taken matters into her own hands twice and personally killed Teppei herself
to give Satoko solace. Both times it was arguably influenced by the syndrome, but it didn’t really
matter. She had learned her lesson. It’s hard not to after seeing one’s best friend stare them down
with tears in her eyes, her uncle’s corpse at their feet.
In the multitude of loops, Rika had come up with Rules X, Y, and Z. Now those had been mostly
thrown out with Kiryu’s arrival, but she was wondering if there was secretly a fourth rule all this
time. ‘Killing Teppei Hojo will always result in something awful happening.’ At least, she can’t
think of any timeline where he died, and things got better. It was like his death brought the opening
of Pandora’s Box. Just his very presence indicated things would go wrong.
It was almost like it was mocking her. The three universal rules could be bent, but this one thing
had to stay a constant? Don’t piss me off. I’m not accepting any of this. Admittedly, she found
herself a little lost for as what to do. But she had Kiryu and Majima. Her stride came to a stop. …
Then again, they tried their methods and it ended in war.
Either way, she had people she could rely on. They’d have to do this much differently than before.
Whatever they had to do… exactly was. She had put on some bravado to get Hanyuu out of her
funk, but her mind was all over the place. The girl figured it was just best to scout out how Satoshi
was handling it.
The sun had already begun to set on her way home, but now it was past the horizon. Shimmers of
orange and pink peaked through the clouds with the cover of night rapidly approaching. She didn’t
pay notice to the higurashi, they’d be done within the hour. At least, they had the chance to rest in
this insanity. That was one way their lives differed positively from hers.
Some time passed, and she came upon the old Hojo household. There was nothing but a deepseated loathing for this place. If there was any place in Hinamizawa that was actually cursed, this
might be it. She hesitated approaching hearing muffled yelling. As she crept to a window on the
side, the voices became clearer. Peeking through, she observed an abnormal scene.
Satoshi was on the ground, coughing. Possibly Teppei had hit him. Satoko was standing in front of
him with a fierce expression. She was yelling at Teppei to not hurt Satoshi. Rika had to blink a few
times, she wasn’t sure if she was seeing things. No, Satoko was the one protecting Satoshi. It would
almost be an endearing scene as Rika had to choke back a scream as Teppei stepped into view and
lifted her up by her shirt.
“Who the fuck do you think you’re talking to, huh?!”
He was obviously drunk, Satoko flinched from the smell of his breath. “I’ll do whatever you want,
but Satoshi can’t stay here! Not with the way you’re pushing him!”
“Bullshit! He’s fine! I’m aware of his little illness. And apparently how it affects you as well. I’m
wondering if it’s flaring up right now. Unfortunately, I don’t give a shit what you’re dealing with!
He let go of Satoko and harshly slapped her across the face making her almost fall over. “You either
do what I say, or you’re going to regret it! You hear that, you little bitch?!”
Rika had to close her eyes. She couldn’t bare to see her best friend hurt like that. But opening them,
she saw a defiant Satoko. A rebellious spite that signalled she wouldn’t break so easily. It even

gave Teppei pause. “Wipe that look off your face, brat! You think you’re so brave and strong for
standing up for your crappy brother? Do his share of the works as well, but don’t defy me!”
His finger was extended pointing right at Satoko. Rika thought for a second she might bite it off as
intense as she came off. But she closed her eyes and bowed. “I’ll do whatever you need me to do,
Uncle Teppei. Please be kind to my brother.”
Teppei grunted, not fully buying it. But figured that order was restored for now. “That’s more like
it. If you don’t want another ass beating, go clean the dishes.” He searched for a cigarette as he
exited the house. “Creepy little cunt,” he whispered below his breath. The door slammed loudly
behind him, Rika hiding immediately. A couple of minutes passed, and she returned to the window
once she was sure it was safe.
“Satoko, are you ok?!” He was standing now, and carefully held his sister. Rika was able to take a
closer look. A few lumps were already starting to form separate from the blow Teppei had just
dealt. “I’m ok, Nii-Nii. I’m not the same little girl I was before.”
“Satoko, you’re out of your mind! He’ll kill you, if you keep this up!”
“No, he won’t! He can hit me and threaten me as much as he wants, but he can’t just outright kill
me! I can’t let him hurt you!”
“Satoko, let me protect you! I can-”
“No!!” Satoko flatly denied it, an overwhelmingly strong conviction that made Satoshi take a halfstep back. “You’re in no condition to do something like that! What if the syndrome gets worse
because of stress?! You HAVE to focus on recovering now!”
“And what about you?! You have the same symptoms! You think you’ll be able to handle this only
on your own?! I can’t just sit by while you take this!”
“I… !” Her face fell, as she avoided eye contact. “I can’t lose you again.”
“Satoko… I’m not going anywhere. I’m just trying to figure out why you’re putting on such a
brave face? Doesn’t he terrify you?”
“Of course he does, Nii-Nii. But… I swore I’d be stronger for when you returned. And I am
stronger now.”
“And you want to try to stand up to him alone?!”
Twenty heartbeats passed before Satoko shook her head. “No. There’s a difference between bravery
and just being harmfully stubborn. But at least for now, Nii-Nii. Let me handle this. I won’t tackle
it alone, but I need time to figure something out.”
“... Satoko.”
Rika couldn’t watch any longer. She was intruding on a personal moment, and Teppei could return
any moment. And so, she slipped away. Things weren’t quite as horrible as she had expected, but it
was still an atrocious situation for everyone. How would Shion react when the news reached her?
And what could happen to either Hojo sibling in the meanwhile? … Was there even a happy ending
in sight?

She furiously shook her head. No, there has to be. We haven’t come this far just to give up right at
the end. New things keep happening. Often bad, but there are good things to be found. I’ve seen
what my friends can do. I need to keep a good mentality. I should call Kiryu and…
Her steady walk came to a halt. A wave of empathy passed over here as she hugged herself.
“Kiryu…” How will he react? I’ve experienced this feeling so many times, I’m numb to it. And
Satoko is handling this the best I’ve ever seen her. But he cares so much for her. … What can I even
do to comfort him?
~~~~
Kiryu and Majima were eating a fancy dinner of store bought goods the Dragon had hastily bought
realizing they had forgotten to plan a meal. Which Majima had made fun of more than once to his
chagrin. Majima stretched and leaned back in his chair having finished his meal. “You’ve helped
with the festival three to four times now, right?”
“Yeah. What about it?”
“Doesn’t that get boring? Doing it so many times? I mean, you might look like a bit of an asshole
not helping, but you do have bigger worries you could use as an excuse.”
“Not really. There’s always something to do. I’ve just changed what I’ve worked with each time.”
“Makes sense. You’ve been doing boring ass real estate for the last five years. Repeats or not, it has
to be more stimulating compared to that.”
“It’s not exciting, but it pays damn well.”
“No shit. Be glad you got people like Shintaro and Sera on your side. Normally, the Tojo would be
all over you.”
“They… actually have been a few times.”
The Mad Dog’s brow raised. “Since when? Some dumbass grunts that don’t know any better?”
“Yeah, nothing worth making a scene over. I was a fresh Yakuza once, so I get it. Doesn’t mean I
won’t teach them a harsh lesson, though.”
Majima snorted. “They have to learn sometime.”
Suddenly, the phone rang drawing their attention. “I’ll grab it.” Majima stated.
Kiryu shrugged and got back to his meal. His frenemy strolled over to the phone and picked it up
with an unnecessary amount of swagger. “Yello! House Kiryu! Top Chef Majima, speaking.”
The Dragon immediately regretted his decision, but kept eating. “Who is it, Majima?”
“It’s Rika. She doesn’t seem too enthused about me answering.”
“Just be normal and talk to her, man.”
Majima smirked and returned his attention to the phone. “What’s up my feline friend? … Huh?
You’re cat-like. … Hey, I resent that mark! I’d like to keep this eye. Don’t go clawing it out, ya

prick. … Alright, fine! Fine! What’s got you so twisted up?”
Kiryu’s back was facing Majima, but the shift in tone made him look over his shoulder. “What’s
wrong?”
Majima held up a hand, as he listened to Rika. He was silent for uncomfortably long. His eye went
wide as she continued. Eventually, it sharpened. Troubled, but focused. “I see. I’ll pass on the
news.” He was about to hang up when something intelligible but loud came over the phone. “Yes?
… I will. I’ll discuss it with Kiryu and… I don’t know. But like you said this isn’t the first time this
has happened. Just make sure to get a good night’s rest, kid. If you can.”
He hung up the phone, sighed, and held up both hands to his forehead massaging his temples. “You
have to be fucking kidding me.”
He slightly jolted when Kiryu put a hand on his shoulder. “Ok, enough keeping me in the dark. This
sounds serious.”
“You’re not gonna enjoy hearing this. And you’re really going to not like me saying you need to
keep your ass planted here.”
There was already a bad feeling in the back of Kiryu’s mind, but it was rapidly encroaching his
entire brain. “Tell me.”
“... Satoko and Satoshi are currently in the old Hojo household… living with Teppei.”
It was a possibility in Kiryu’s mind. One he didn’t want to entertain. And even though it would be a
sick joke, he really wished this was Majima going too far. “... What?”
He had to force himself to look away. The sadness in Kiryu’s eyes were so utterly transparent, he
couldn’t bear to see it. “I’m sorry, Kiryu. Yes, it’s… it’s one of those fragments.”
Any grief the Dragon felt was quickly replaced with furor. “I’m going over there.”
He was about to exit when Majima violently pushed him back. “And do what?!”
“I don’t have time for this, Majima! Get out of-”
“Oh, you have plenty of time to make things worse, dipshit! Unless you’ve completely forgotten
what happened last time?!”
A solid blow to his righteous anger. A consideration he wanted to ignore, but couldn’t when
pressed. “Listen here, Kazzy! I know you don’t have anything rattling around in that skull of yours,
but you should know what will happen if you go out there! You want to completely fuck up again?!
Yeah, I was at fault too last time! But you’re about to be the singular one repeating that mistake!”
“Rika said you’d act like this! And I don’t blame you, I’m pissed off, too! But you can’t just punch
and kick your way through all your problems!”
“Ok, then what do you want me to do?!” Kiryu roared. “I can’t just do nothing!”
“Yes, you can! The alternative is his blood on your or my hands!! And I don’t trust either of us
enough to avoid that!!”

There was a long, agonizing silence between the two. Both stared on steadfastly not giving any
corner. “Majima. If something happens to her, are you going to take responsibility?”
“It was never our responsibility in the first place, Kiryu. The worst mistake we made was bringing
the underworld into all this.”
“If Teppei has so much has hurt a hair on Satoko’s head, I’ll wrench his-”
“He already has, Kiryu. Rika saw it all. She was being brave and protecting Satoshi from him.”
For a second, Kiryu was like a deer in headlights. But then reality set in and every emotion poured
forth as he grabbed Majima by the collar, slammed him against the wall, and got ready to punch his
face through it. His fist stopped centimeters from his face. He was breathing heavily, unrestrained
rage on his face.
Majima looked at him blankly. “Damn. Your fears about losing control weren’t unfounded.” He
wrenched Kiryu’s hand from his collar. “I said I’d be your ‘Nishiki’, Kiryu. And I meant that. But
unlike him, I don’t mind getting violent. If you’re not gonna listen to reason, you’re going to have
to go through me before I let you do something stupid.”
The Dragon offered no resistance. He sagged to his knees. No tears came, but his face was wrought
with bitterness. “Can I really do nothing, Majima? Am I so powerless to protect her?”
“You’re only one man, Kiryu. An impressive man, but still a man nonetheless. I wouldn’t say
there’s exactly nothing we can do. But if we just storm out to his house now, it is guaranteed to end
poorly. We need to consider our options carefully. And if nothing else…”
He grumbled a little before continuing. “This sounds corny to say, but Rika is right. You should
hold on to hope that something good can happen. Think about the fragment that happened before
you arrived. It did end in Takano murking everyone, but before all that. They managed to
collectively save Satoko. Now, I don’t know how that might work with Satoshi mixed in. But there
is a path here we can take.”
Gradually, Kiryu stood. He took long, deep breaths. There was still some denial there, but he was
able to accept the current situation, if just barely. “Sorry. I completely lost my cool there. You
didn’t deserve any of that.”
“I mean, I wasn’t really complaining. I’ll always take a chance to kick your ass.”
“Is that your way of trying to cheer me up?”
“Yeah, it’s my specialty.”
“A specialty in bullshit, maybe.”
“Absolutely, I acquired that years ago.”
The corner of Kiryu’s lips formed the smallest hint of a smile. “Fuck this. I’m going to bed,
Majima. I feel awful about hearing that news, and will probably have nightmares tonight about it.”
Kiryu stated dryly. “But it would be wrong to not attempt to get a good night’s sleep.”
“What about your dinner?”

Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Do you really expect me to have an appetite? I feel like throwing up.”
“No, I guess not. That was dumb of me to ask. I’m feeling pretty ass myself right now, so I think
I’ll join you. Let’s both get some rest.”
“Just make sure you don’t forget the names of any songs before going to bed.”
“Oh, fuck off. Are you still mad about that?”
“Not so much mad as just still annoyed. But I suppose that’s a regular feeling with you around.”
Majima grunted. “Happy to provide.”

Chapter End Notes

I've noticed this chapter and the last one were hard to write in some ways. Teppei is a
character that is pretty easy to write, but I just kinda hate writing him lol. He's necessary for
the narrative and I think it can be interesting to explore how other characters react to him
being around. Especially now with Satoshi in the mix. But I will say I think every chapter of
this arc going forward will be a lot more interesting to write. I'm also writing this on not much
sleep, so perhaps that's a contributing factor.

Chapter 59: Bloodstained Angels Arc Chapter 8: Killing Intent
“What a shit morning this has been.” The Mad Dog said it to no one in particular. Just a basic
observation, a meaningless grumble he voiced aloud. It was a succinct way to illustrate the last few
hours. He had never seen Kiryu this down before. The Dragon fulfilled what he thought was best.
Establishing a meeting with the rest of the club members at the school, and explaining what was
going on.
It was a predictable set of reactions. Shock, anger, frustration, sorrow, and a brutal acceptance that
they would have to wait and figure out what to do next. Rika had been deeply empathetic to Kiryu.
The century old girl continued to surprise, Majima. He figured she would be the one suffering the
most, but humans are resilient and adaptive creatures. Numbing detachment and desensitization
could come for anyone. It wouldn’t be wrong to call it compassion, but it was a jaded compassion
all too eager to be able to resonate with someone else.
Or maybe I’m just being too cynical. Whatever it was, Kiryu was in slightly better spirits after a
talk with Rika he had left to give them privacy. But now here came the fun part. Shion had arrived
not too long ago. He could hear her muffled yelling through the walls. A determined Kiryu trying
to talk her down, but met with little success. A sigh from the abyss itself rose up out of Majima’s
throat. Time to do my part. He had volunteered to handle her if she got out of hand, but he wasn’t
exactly ideal for the job. Still, he’d keep his word.
Shion was mostly a good kid, but she could be impulsive and especially violent at times. If the two
sisters hadn’t switched, he pondered if she would have been perfect for the role of Heir. Of course,
there were matters of nature VS nurture, and how Mion would turn out. And who knows, there was
probably a world like that in this damned sea of fragments. But contemplating about alternate
timelines wasn’t going to fix the headache rapidly approaching him.
“Fine! I’ll go kill Teppei myself and save them!!” Her declaration echoed through the school.
There it is. One eye or not, he saw this coming from a mile away. More muted pleas and cries from
other friends this wasn’t the way. Any moment now, Shion would come storming out the building
with a murderous vendetta.
An old speech flowed through his bones. At the time, it was beyond frustrating to hear. In the long
run, it was the best thing he could have heard then. And now it was his turn to tell it to a foolish
youth in need of it. Sera, you son of a bitch. He cracked his neck, and mentally prepped himself to
stop Shion.
Thirty heartbeats later, the girl charged out the school door, slamming it open. If she saw Majima,
she paid him no mind. Eye on the prize, a deep green aura surrounding her. Majima blinked and it
went away. “If you kill him, Satoko and Satoshi will never see you the same way.”
Her motion ceased, her body stilled. “Stay out of this!” She threw the order over her shoulder.
Majima ignored it, and placed a hand there instead. “Would you stop and listen to me?”
“No!” Shion whirled around, throwing his hand off. “Nothing you say will-” She stiffened, as she
noticed a knife not far from her chin. Majima glared down at her, not a bit of patience in his lone
eye. “Have you ever killed someone before, kid? Because if you haven’t, you’re just being a
dumbass and saying shit.”

He sheathed his knife, the girl’s full attention on him now. “N-no, but- !”
“Genuinely, what the fuck do you think you’re going to accomplish? Make everything worse?
Because that sure is the route you’re on right now.” Shion wasn’t shy to profanity, but it still threw
her off. “Look, I don’t have the mindset Kazzy has with kids. And I definitely don’t have patience
for a stupid brat like you. So I’ll make this as clear and unsubtle as I can for you.”
“When both siblings learn what you’ve done, it will hurt them in a way you can never fix. Oh, they
might be thankful. They might apologize that they weren’t stronger. But you know damn well
they’ll suffer for it. My brother killed eighteen people. And don’t misunderstand me. I would have
joined him if I had the chance. Tried my hardest, and lost an eye for it.”
“But the point is that he killed, so I didn’t have to. My hands were technically clean, but only
because his were drenched in blood.” Shion took a step back, fear plain on her face. “Just… who
are you?” The Mad Dog grimaced, but it eventually changed to a wry smile. “I’m a yakuza. Just
like your sister.”
“And I know you might be thinking ‘then do something to stop Teppei’. I wish I could. I really
fucking wish I could get rid of that waste of space. But nothing good ever comes from involving
yakuza in things like this. Tensions are high between the Sonozaki Family and the people I work
for. Them getting involved on Sonozaki turf could be catastrophically bad.”
It was a lot to take in. The righteous fury Shion had felt was replaced with befuddlement and
doubts now. So strongly Majima had come on. But dark thoughts and feelings were returning as
quickly as they had left. “So I’m just supposed to leave things as is?! I just got Satoshi back! And
now him and Satoko are at the mercy of that bastard?!”
“Yes. And you killing him will be worse than any of that.”
“Then what can I do?!”
“Nothing.”
Shion mentally flat lined for a second. Majima’s brow rose, recognizing he might want to make an
addendum. “Let me rephrase. Nothing without help from us and your friends. There’s nothing on
this Earth you can do to repay someone for taking a life for your sake. All you will do is burden
them.” His eye sharpened. “And you would be the biggest fool in history to make that boy’s burden
heavier than it already is.”
Shion was a fish out of water mouthing for words to say. But the last line about Satoshi put any
desire for bloodshed to rest. There was already one death on Satoshi’s hands. Would she become a
murderer herself to join him in a twisted love? No… I can’t. I could… never do that to him.
She gazed at Majima with lost, sad eyes. His cheeks slightly flushed, and he avoided eye contact.
“Sorry, kid. Tact ain’t my specialty. And honestly I shouldn’t have just so casually said I’m a
yakuza but uh… do me a favor. Don’t tell anyone. I don’t want your sister to freak out. I’m on her
side, promise.”
“Ok, fine. But… what should I do?”
“Talk to Rika or Kiryu. It sounded like they had some ideas before you got here.”

“Ok, I… I need to get my thoughts straight. Um, but I did want to say I’m sorry about your
brother.”
A sharp exhale. A softened, bitter laugh. “Me too, kid. Me too…”
“Do you think Satoko and Satoshi will be ok?”
“For now? No, it’s a heavy situation. But those two kids are stronger than you think. Satoshi
protected his sister from both his uncle and aunt for what? Years? And based on everything I’ve
heard, Satoko has come a long way. Have some faith in them.”
“Ok, I’ll try. … You can be really scary, Majima. You know that?”
Majima cringed at himself. “I said I was sorry. I’m not as good with kids as Kazzy. … And besides,
you’re terrifying in your own right.”
“... Am I?”
Majima arched a brow staring at her blankly. “How do you think they’re feeling there right now?”
Shion felt herself shrink. Her grand show not even being five minutes ago. “I… need to apologize
to some people. If you’ll excuse me.” Mustering any dignity she had left, she returned to the scene
of the crime.
Majima scratched the back of his head. Good. That’s done and over with it. What next of the
checklist from Hell?
~~~~
In the distance, Satoshi could hear sounds of the Watanagashi festival. It was lively. People’s voices
and music carrying even to the Hojo house a ways from it. It sounded like people were having a
great time. Sure would be nice to be able to go out there himself. “Satoko! Get your ass in here
with some more sake!”
He flinched from his uncle’s voice. Its echo clashing in his mind, a strong reminder of his current
reality. Not that he needed one with a bruised wrist. Satoko was worse for wear. He couldn’t bear to
look at her. She had agreed to work alongside him, but she still made sure to take the main brunt of
it all. Any attempt on his part to defend Satoko just made her more desperate and receive yet
another blow.
He could feel himself and Satoko regressing. Returning to a past they wanted to leave behind.
Where was the future to be found in this situation? Satoko set down a glass full of sake. Satoshi
half wondered if maybe they could give him enough to kill him. But his uncle had become sharp.
Still a moron in many ways, but a killer for a nephew kept him on edge.
Satoshi presented himself in as docile and domesticated a way he could. Nothing more than a dog,
if that could lessen Satoko’s pain. A thought brought him pause. … No, I’ve not regressed. I’ve just
remained stagnant… stuck in a coma. Reality being nothing but a distant thought. He glanced at his
sister. She was battered, but with a steely look of minimal respect for her uncle needed.
There was poison in those eyes. A viper patiently waiting to strike. How, he didn’t know. But
Satoko believed her friends would help her somehow. She’s… the one that is stronger now. So

much time had passed him up. So little and yet so much had changed. Teppei was watching some
game show, cheap evening entertainment to pass the time. A verbal hiccup made his red face
vibrate.
“This is the good life! What more does a family need?”
A break in Satoko’s mask, but only momentarily. “Yes, a family.”
“You’re not used to having that are you?”
The corners of her lip spasmed as she maintained a neutral expression. “What do you mean,
Uncle?”
Teppei took another sip of his drink. He leaned his head back gesturing at Satoshi himself. “Well,
take him. He hasn’t gotten a chance to live much of a life cuz of you.” Satoshi tensed, and Satoko
was one step away from her facade breaking. “I mean, take your life in general. You were always
fucking things up for your family. Your mom could never find anyone to stay with her, and by the
time she actually did, they died. Poor bastards.”
A fire lit in her eyes. Satoshi tried to grab her attention shaking his head. It’s not worth it, Satoko!
Pick your battles! She caught her temper, Teppei too drunk to notice any of the cracks in Satoko’s
act. He drawled on with his impromptu speech. “You really screwed up big time calling protective
services on that one father of yours. And for what? You were such a shitty little brat. … But I like
the current you. You well aware of your place, but you’ve grown a pair. Who figured you’d turn out
to be more of a man than your brother?”
He laughed heartily at his own joke. “Shut up.” Teppei’s guffawing ceased. Satoshi was frantically
shaking his head. There was still time to play it off as the TV or that he was just hearing things.
“Don’t talk about Satoshi like that.” If looks could kill. If looks could completely disintegrate one’s
soul. Satoko wore that look intensely. A lethality Satoshi could never have envisioned his little
sister having.
Teppei set his glass down, and turned off the TV. He rose from his chair, stood to his full height,
and drunkenly walked over to Satoko. He looked down at her, a sadistic grin present. Satoshi felt
like he couldn’t move. He wanted to interfere, but wouldn’t that just make things worse? But they
were supposed to be a team, siblings, right?! But every time he did, she would receive another
blow. Another welt that was his fault.
Was… was this how Satoko felt when I protected her? Satoko’s whole body was shaking. She was
bleeding dread like a cornered mouse. With everything she had, she kept back her tears and stared
back up at her uncle. She was nothing like the sister he knew. But she didn’t have to do this. Why?
Why won’t she just do the minimum required? What if he seriously hurts her?
The boy was about to stand up and swap places. Do ANYTHING to stop her from being hit. And
then Teppei spoke. “You killed your own parents, didn’t you?”
… What? Any obstinate rebelliousness Satoko held. Gone. The roar of her engine completely shortcircuited. Replaced with a pallid, nigh anemic face. Eyes shining with a chaotic mix of
bewilderment and horror. She took a few steps back to the wall behind her. “W-what are you… “
“I always did find it odd that BOTH of them fell off. And you were the only one there? It didn’t
make any damn sense, but I had no choice but to accept it as an ‘accident’. No choice but to take

your sorry ass in. But your uncle is pretty smart. Ever since Satoshi told me about this syndrome of
yours. It finally clicked.”
“If it could make him kill my bitch ex-wife, then what’s to say it didn’t make you kill your own
parents? Not that I gave much of a shit about them, but they were still family. Our flesh and blood.”
He kneeled down and sneered at his niece with a wicked grin. “You’re a fucked up little girl.”
Satoko’s shaking intensified. No longer like a leaf in the wind, but in a hurricane. Frenzied tears
began to form in her eyes. Satoshi was about to throw everything in the wind. Consequences be
damned. To torture Satoko with an accusation like that was unforgivable. He was the murderer.
How dare he suggest Satoko was one as well.
“N-n-no that… that can’t be. No, I couldn’t have… it was… it was an accident. I… I didn’t mean
to!” He froze. His sister… didn’t deny it. What was going on?
“Ohhhhhhhh, but you did. You did it, your poor wittle girl. You’ve done nothing but fuck up your
entire life. I thought maybe your brother had finally gotten brave enough to actually do something,
but he was just following in his sister’s footsteps the whole time. You were the stronger one, and
yet hid behind him. What a goddamned joke.”
Satoko was as still as a stature. He cackled at her, but she said nothing. Even the tears on her cheeks
looked frozen in time. Teppei found himself annoyed at the lack of a reaction. “Hey. The hell is
your deal? Wake up!” He lightly slapped Satoko’s cheek not so gently. No response. He scowled
and inserted his foot into her abdomen. Not a kick as more a poke. “You just gonna stand there and
say nothing? Where’s all that moxie you had a second ago?! Huh?!”
Pushing with his foot, she crumpled to the ground. Crooked, leaning against the wall. Like a puppet
with its strings cut. At that, Teppei grunted. “Freak.” He stated bluntly, and then left the room to
head up the stairs. “Take care of your sister, Satoshi. I don’t know what to do with her.”
The words passed right by the boy’s ears. He slowly, carefully approached Satoko. “Satoko?”
Her brother’s voice brought some light back to her eyes. “Nii-Nii, I… I remember.” Sorrow and
self loathing beyond measure consumed her. “I pushed them off the edge! I killed them! I killed
them!! I killed them!! IT’S ALL MY FAULT!!” Before Satoshi could react, his sister grabbed a
discarded sake bottle.
And slammed it against her forehead with enough force for it to break. Blood spurted, a gash
formed as the bottle shattered from the impact.
“Satoko! Stop!!” Her brother cried out, but there was blood streaming down her forehead now. A
few minor cuts appeared on her face from the scattered glass. “It’s my fault!! I pushed them off the
ledge!! I- !”
“Satoko, control yourself!!” Satoshi firmly held Satoko’s shoulders. “What are you talking about?!”
“At the park! I… they were on the observation platform! I thought they were going to kill me, so
I… !” She slowly looked up and met Satoshi’s eyes. Blood and tears mixed together. “I pushed
them off the edge. I killed them.” There was still a piece of broken glass in her hand. And she
began to raise it to her neck.

Satoshi grasped her hand. He winced, the shard cut into his palm but he didn’t let go. “Satoko, I
don’t care what happened! Don’t hurt yourself, please!” His sister was horrified to see blood on his
hand. “... He was right.”
Bloodshot, puffy eyes devoured by despair gazed back at him. “Everything is my fault. You still get
hurt because of me.” She completely broke down sobbing. Satoshi tried to hide his now bloodied
hand, and held on to her with his other. “Satoko, I don’t care what you’ve done! It was the
syndrome! It’s not your fault! It’s not … “
His voice cracked. The emotions catching up with him. Fresh tears formed. All the boy could do
was hold his sister trying and failing to comfort her. As they both descended into a sea of misery
with no hope in sight. And no light to help them find the way out.
~~~~
Midnight fast approached as Kiryu still found himself wide awake, staring up at the ceiling. Rika
had decided it was best to start with the child consultation center. He vaguely recalled how Rika
had explained how they had gone about it, but specifics were a blur. The whole day had felt like a
blur.
The most vexing thing about the situation was that it would take time. It took Rika and almost the
entire town getting together to save Satoko. What time? Watanagashi has already passed. What
was the fate of Takano? Was someone dying right now? Were somehow Satoshi and Satoko in
danger of dying?
He gritted his teeth in frustration, but calmed himself. At the least, Majima was able to find sleep. It
would be rude to wake him up with his own struggles. Realistically, Teppei won’t kill them. Satoko
and Satoshi should have their shots, so no worry of the syndrome going out of control. Tonight
should be fine.
But what about tomorrow? Or the next day, or the day after that? Were they now on a doomsday
timer? More thoughts that made him want to tear his hair out, so he distracted himself. If he wasn’t
getting any sleep, he might as well brainstorm what he should say at the center tomorrow. Would
they act sooner with her teacher there backing it up? I don’t know squat how child protective
services work.
Damn it, I need to watch myself and make sure I don’t lose my temper. If they’re reluctant to
interfere… The thought trailed off. It was a bitter pill to swallow. They have to take incidents like
this in a measured manner, it’s their job. I have to remember that. They want the best for every
child, but there are… steps to how this works.
He nearly fell out of the bed when the phone rang. Majima groggily rose his head. “Why the hell is
someone calling this late?” So much for his beauty sleep. “Good question.” Kiryu held a
nauseatingly bad feeling about the call. But be answered, it must. Better to just rip off the band-aid
and get it over with.
“Hello?” Kiryu reluctantly answered.
“Kiryu, it’s Rena. This is serious, really serious!”
Fuck. “What’s wrong, Rena?”

“Um, I… I heard a police car go by my house. I couldn’t sleep, so I went to check it out. There’s
five or six of them around the Hojo Household!” The Dragon’s heart dropped, if not far. “But
Satoko and Satoshi seem to be ok!” The heart remained suspended, but it was still beating
ridiculously fast. “Lead with that first! … Sorry, I shouldn’t yell at you.”
“I-I apologize! But, um…”
The weight of the world seemed to linger on her words. “What, Rena?”
“I… I don’t know understand it. How… it came to this. But they arrested Satoko.”
Kiryu jolted right up at hearing that. “What?!” Majima was still groggy, but Kiryu’s shout made
him wide awake. “What do you mean they arrested Satoko?!”
“I asked an officer what had happened. She… she called the police herself. They… found her
covered in blood with a knife in hand. Teppei’s corpse was in the living room full of stab wounds.
She said she killed him and… and her parents. W-what should I do, Kiryu?!”
She continued calling his name as the phone nearly slipped out of his hands. … What?

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

