Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Hollow Hope(DXD Self-Insert)
 Thread starterHeWhoMakesTheSunRise  Start dateDec 30, 2024  Tagscrossover elements high school dxd minor au plot before porn self-insert
Created
Dec 30, 2024
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
9,441
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
58
Rising through the ranks of the Underworld isn't easy. Ancient devils don't like giving up their power. I may not have been born among the Pillars, but I have my own advantages, and a willingness to abuse them to their fullest potential. I will make the most of this second lease on life.
Threadmarks Index Extras
Statistics (52 threadmarks, 397k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
1
Words 5.8k
Dec 30, 2024
2
Words 8k
Dec 31, 2024
50
Words 7.5k
Jun 14, 2026
51
Words 9.1k
Jun 21, 2026
52
Words 4.2k
Jun 26, 2026
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks 1
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Dec 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#1
I went through the painstaking motions of chewing my eggs. Soul-deep exhaustion wasn't something you could ever really get used to. Despite all the times I'd trained myself to near collapse in recent memory, I still hated being this tired, but it was necessary if I ever wanted to amount to anything. Things weren't handed to you in this world. Well, not if you weren't a Pillar Devil.

I sat back in my chair and let my head roll back overtop of it, closing my eyes and breathing deep.

Things could have been a lot worse for me. I wasn't a Bael with their absurdly overpowered Power of Destruction like ninety percent of DXD fanfictions I had read before my rebirth, but Hole was far from a weak power. As I'd come to discover, it was horribly underestimated. Not to mention I could have been born into this world without guaranteed housing. This Abbadon estate I lived on with my half-sister was neither grand nor spacious, but it was ours.

Being from the Extra Clans, we did not hold much of any power politically, but as our distant relative Bedeze Abbadon had shown, we could rise to great prominence if we proved our strength. Unfortunately for me, I was not granted a chess piece able to grant phenomenal cosmic power like Bedeze. Because I lacked the connections to items the greater Underworld believed to be myths, I had to go about accumulating strength the old fashioned way.

So I trained. I used Hole's unknown properties to cheat and grow stronger as fast as I could. I would need to be able to stand on my own feet when the uncaring machine that was Devil politics finally deemed me worthy of its notice. The only way to survive such machinations was to be so strong that the Pillars would do whatever they had to to get you on their side, but not so strong that they deemed it would be safer just to kill you. Of course, there was a third option.

"Brother," an exasperated voice greeted.

I opened my eyes, slowly sitting up in my chair to greet the person standing across from me. "Sister."

Kuisha Abbadon, my half-sister, was a beautiful young woman with long blonde hair and eyes the color of a clear blue sky frowned as she looked at me, her eyebrows furrowed, judging. "Balthazar, it is past eight o'clock. Collect yourself." Her tone was tired, disappointed.

The two of us never had the best relationship. That wasn't to say we were openly hostile to each other or anything like that. If that were the case, I wouldn't be here. We got along fine, we just didn't mesh. We were different people with different goals, but we were still on good terms.

Due to our parents…unfortunate passing, Kuisha had been responsible for caring for me until I was old enough to take care of myself. In reality, she only cared for me for a few years until the memories from my previous life came to me. From there, I was able to care for myself and she busied herself with her own goals.

It was easy to determine why our relationship wasn't a terribly close one. I was a bastard. I didn't know the full story, but apparently some devil commoner caught my father's eye one night. He didn't think much of it until said commoner arrived on his doorstep a year or so later with me bundled up in a blanket. My father's wife, Kuisha's mother, did not take my appearance well. From there, the story gets foggy. Some Devil news outlets report that my father and Kuisha's mother fought to their mutual death over me, my biological mother losing her life in the battle. Others say Kuisha's mother committed suicide and my father followed her to the devil's afterlife. Some more outlandish outlets even said an Old Satan Faction hit squad came after my father the day I was brought to the manor and killed everyone but me. I honestly didn't know the true story, and Kuisha didn't know either. She was older than me by a good bit. She was 16 when I was born, so she was studying abroad when the altercation happened and returned to find a partially destroyed manor with a crying baby in the kitchen sink. The three of them, both Kuisha and I's parents, were gone. That was the important bit.

Whatever the story was, it didn't change the fact that I was here now and that I needed to get stronger. If anything, the circumstances surrounding my birth made me more grateful to Kuisha than anything. She had many reasons to be rid of me one way or another, either sending me off to an orphanage or just outright killing me. Instead, she conferred the name Abbadon onto me.

We weren't the most powerful house. As a matter of fact, we lacked standing of any kind. Even before our parent's deaths, the Abbadon family's political might rested solely in Bedeze's hands, and that was only due to his standing in the Rating Games. Even that wasn't anything substantial. Rating Games were good for showing off a Devil's power both to the Underworld and the greater world, but they didn't earn you political favors you could use to maneuver in the world at large. If you wanted that kind of power, you needed connections. Rating Games could open the door for you to make those connections, but only if you dominated in them the way Bedeze did. Kuisha and I's parents were not nearly as strong as Bedeze, so they didn't have any powerful friends before their untimely demise.

House Abbadon didn't have many friends due to the fact the house was barely a house. We weren't a Pillar family and there were now only three of us, one of whom was a bastard. Devils didn't typically care about that sort of thing considering our low birth rates and sinful proclivities, but the enigmatic situation surrounding my appearance and my parent's deaths had made it a hot topic of discussion at the time. I even had a fancy name the papers had used to describe me. 'The Bastard of Abbadon'. Catchy, right?

Regardless, there were only three members of the Abbadon family, and only one of us mattered. Bedeze was strong, so he had connections, but we didn't share those connections. I'd only met the man once when Kuisha brought me to formally grant me the Abbadon name. He hadn't been overly pleasant to either myself or Kuisha, waxing on about some perceived slight our father had made against him. Then he left us to go play in the Rating Games. We hadn't so much as received a letter since. Truthfully, I didn't even know how we were related. Estranged uncle? Second Cousin twice removed?

Kuisha sat at the small table across from me, a plate of eggs already there waiting for her. She gave me a nod as she picked up her fork. "Thank you for cooking for me, Bal."

I shifted in my seat to get more comfortable and closed my eyes again. "Don't mention it, sis." Fuck I was tired. Between my near-masochistic training regime and taking care of the house, I was beat. We weren't wealthy enough to have servants, so I handled the cooking and cleaning while Kuisha handled all the more boring stuff, official inquiries and such. I hated paperwork.

"Bal,"

I opened one eye, seeing Kuisha glaring at me disapprovingly from across the table.

"You need to rest more."

I sighed. "I get eight hours of sleep every night. I could rest once a week and still be fine." Devil biology was kind of awesome like that.

"Then you need to cut back on your training." Kuisha continued, setting down her fork to intensify her glare. "This is the fifth time this week you can't even keep your eyes open at the breakfast table. What are you even putting yourself through for you to end up like this?"

"I need to work hard, sis." I said, intentionally glossing over her question. "I can't get peerage pieces until I'm a High-Class devil." Oh, did I not mention that? Unlike how I had expected things to work in my first life, peerage pieces weren't just handed out to every devil with a recognizable name. Pillar devils all received their sets when they reached a certain birthday regardless of their strength – 14 I think – sooner if you had the right friends, but I wasn't a Pillar Devil, and my list of friends was vacant at the moment. As an Abbadon, it would be a lot easier for me to get a peerage set than if I was a commoner, but I'd still have to be recognized as a High-Class Devil first. That was one of the main reasons I was using such extreme methods to get stronger as fast as possible. The sooner I was High-Class, the sooner I could start trying out my theories about recruiting for my peerage.

I was fairly confident I could pass the test as I was right now, but I might draw attention to myself. I would rather wait a little longer to grow stronger than move too fast and put myself in a position where people are coming after me for various reasons and I have no time to grow stronger.

Kuisha sighed, rubbing her forehead. "There are other ways to become a member of a peerage than to be its King, Bal. I still don't understand why you're so hung up on this."

Now it was my turn to sigh, sitting up in my chair. I really didn't want to have this conversation again. "Ku, I don't want to be a follower. I want to be the guy in charge. If, and that's a big if, I was going to join a peerage, I'd settle for nothing less than the Queen piece. Call me arrogant if you want, but I know I'm worth more than a pawn."

Memories from my first life had really soured my view of peerages. While a good chunk of the characters shown in the show had treated their peerages well, there were a not insignificant number of assholes that treated their peerages worse than dirt. Considering the characters shown in the show were the Underworld's most 'morale' devils, I was willing to bet the exploitation and poor treatment was more common than not. Maybe not to the same degree as that Astaroth degenerate, but I wasn't keen to be exploited at all.

The only scenario I could see myself willingly joining a peerage was extremely select. I would first need to receive the Queen piece for the immense power boost, something that wasn't likely to happen as Queen pieces were saved for entities you'd only happen across once in a lifetime unless you were a lower ranked King. Second, the King would need to not be a low rank. I wouldn't submit my future to someone whose position I was capable of surpassing on my own. Third, I would need to know the King well and trust them implicitly with my eternal future because that is what I would be giving them. Letting them put a peerage piece in me would mean that they would have sway over me for the rest of our respective lifespans, in essence, eternity. And finally, I would only join a peerage if I determined that I would be unable to accomplish the goals I set before myself on my own. My first life's memories made me squeaky about the whole, 'Give someone else dominion over your soul' thing. I valued my freedom of choice too much for that. In other words, I was very likely never going to join a peerage.

Kuisha's lips were pursed. She clearly wanted to press the issue, but we'd gone through this song and dance enough times for her to know I wasn't going to budge on this. She picked up her fork and looked down at her plate, idly poking at her eggs. "I told you I've been meeting with Sairaorg Bae…with Sairaorg, right?"

I caught the slip on the now disgraced Bael's name, but didn't comment. My lethargy was gone. I was now razor-focused on every word that came out of my sister's mouth. "You did."

"He was given his Peerage Pieces before he lost the Bael heirship." She looked up to meet my eyes. "He offered me his Queen piece."

I smiled warmly. "That's great, Kuisha. Did you accept?" I guess I didn't butterfly that away after all.

I wasn't one of Highschool DXD's biggest fans, but I knew the main story beats. I knew Kuisha Abbadon was supposed to join Sairaorg Bael's peerage sometime before the series started. While I couldn't exactly stalk certain people without devil bodyguards smashing me, I had kept tabs on prominent figures from the anime like Rias, Sona and Riser through news reports and the Devil nets to keep myself apprised of where in the timeline I was and how long I had before things kicked off. I'd thought my existence in this world might have messed things up for Kuisha, but apparently not.

"I told him I needed some time to think, but I've made up my mind. I'll be taking his offer."

I smiled, wide and bright. I stood up and walked around the table. Kuisha stood as I walked up to her, momentarily surprised as I hugged her before slowly returning the hug.

The two of us didn't do hugs too often. We were on good terms, but we weren't as close as most siblings. I kind of blamed myself for that. Ever since my first life's memories came back, I'd been absorbed in training, and Kuisha was sorting out feelings about the whole situation with me and our parents.

"Congratulations, Ku. I'm happy for you."

"Thank you, Bal." Kuisha said. I could hear the relief in her voice. Did she think I'd get pissed at her for joining a peerage because of my own feelings on joining one? She was her own person. I wasn't going to tell her how to live her life. She seemed happy enough in the anime, so this was probably a good thing for her.

"So when is this happening?" I asked, pulling back.

"I'm going to meet with him this afternoon. I just need to pack a few more things."

I raised an eyebrow. "You're moving out?"

Kuisha fidgeted. "Sairaorg is living at his mother's estate. It is large enough for his entire peerage. He doesn't have all his pieces yet, but he shared his plan with me to have them all live under one roof."

I nodded along. "Makes sense. What pieces does he have?" I was trying to keep my excitement at being the sole resident of the Abbadon manor to myself. Call me an asshole for seeing the opportunity presented by my sister moving out, but a private Devil manor complete with grounds around it… I might actually be able to start making moves now.

"His peerage is still small. He's looking for knights, rooks and bishops."

"No pawns?"

Kuisha shook her head. "He found someone that took seven of his pawns to reincarnate."

That would mean he already had the Nemean Lion. From what I remembered, Sairaorg had his full peerage by the time the show started, so I likely still had a good chunk of time left to set myself up.

"You know…" Kuisha started hesitantly. "I was hoping you'd come with me to meet him today. It would be good for you to meet my future King and his peerage."

I looked at her with a flat expression. "I know what you're trying to do, Ku." Sairaorg was still looking for pieces, Kuisha wanted me to meet her new peerage… It didn't take a genius to figure out her angle here. She wasn't even trying to be subtle about it. I supposed I appreciated that she wasn't trying to trick me into anything, but it still wasn't going to work. From what I knew of Sairaorg in this life and what I remembered from before, he was a good guy, but my sister was going to get his Queen piece. I wasn't going to join his peerage unless I got that piece, and even then, I didn't really want to join his peerage. It was a moot point though because I wasn't enough of a bastard to steal my sister's spot, so it wasn't going to work out anyway.

She smiled connivingly. "What I'm trying to do is look out for you, little brother. You lose nothing by introducing yourself. Do it. Please? For me?"

I sighed, stretching my arms out over my head. "Fine. I'll get ready. Do you need help packing anything else?"

Kuisha shook her head, a pleased smile on her face. "No. I will manage on my own. Meet me in front of the Manor at noon."

I waved an acknowledgement over my shoulder as I left the dining room, leaving her to her breakfast.

It seemed I'd have to get dressed in something respectable today. Pity. I was looking forward to lounging around in sweatpants all day.


X


I stood on our home's front porch, leaning against one of the support columns that held the balcony up. I'd abandoned my sweatpants and loose-fitting t-shirt in exchange for a rich blue suit and tie. I'd even run a comb through my blonde hair to make it nice and neat. There were dark bags under my eyes from the exhaustion I was forcing myself into, but I used some minor glamors to cover those up, making my blue eyes really shine.

If I was going to be meeting Sairaorg, I wanted to make a good first impression. While it was possible my presence and future actions in the world could butterfly away his reinstatement as the Bael heir, I wasn't going to take that chance. Even if I did, he would still be a strong player all on his own. Being on his good side would only benefit me. Besides, he seemed like a nice guy and would be my sister's King, so it would be pointless to be antagonistic towards him. I may be a devil, but I wasn't a dick.

"Balthazar?"

"Out here, Ku." I called back over my shoulder, gaze still fixed out over our meager lands. The manor wasn't on the most valuable piece of Underworld property, but it could be a lot worse. We had a grassy plain that ended at a forest which spread to the end of the property. A stream flowed from a lake that sat at the back of the house all the way through the woods. We didn't have a country's worth of territory like the powerful families in Hell, but we were in a good position. Especially if this property would soon belong to only one of us.

I turned to greet my sister as I heard the door open behind me. Like me, she'd dressed up. She was wearing a dark blue, sleeveless dress. The dress lacked very much material to cover her chest, but this was a perverted anime world, so that was common, and it wasn't like I was going to be getting any ideas. She was my sister for Satan's sake. And unlike Satan, I wasn't a siscon.

"Here," I said, stepping forward to help her. She carried a large suitcase in each of her hands, hanging down by her sides. She let me take one of them, but shouldered me away with a grin when I went to take the other one.

"I'm not helpless, little brother."

I chuckled back. "Forgive me for wanting to assist you, elder sister."

"You are forgiven." she said with a sharp nod, stepping past me and off the porch to try to hide her amused smile from me. I saw it anyway.

"You're ready, then?" I asked, walking up next to her.

"I am. If there is anything I forgot, I will simply return to retrieve it."

"Then let's be underway."

"Yes, let's." A point of lightless nothing appeared as my sister raised a hand, rapidly expanding to envelop us both. The moment it passed over us it was gone, the light returning, our surroundings completely different. The grassy flatland of our estate was replaced by rolling hills, a massive mansion atop the hill in front of us.

Hole. Our Bloodline's gift. While it was not as famed as the Bael Power of Destruction or feared in the same way as the Belial's Worthless, Hole was a remarkably powerful ability. Those with rudimentary understanding of the power knew that it allowed us to create portals such as the one Kuisha had used to teleport us. Useful because it allowed you to teleport instantaneously, something not common in the supernatural world. It also allowed you to strike from multiple directions at once without moving by opening multiple portals around your foe. Hole could do all of this, but it could also do far more.

You see, Hole didn't just make portals. From an outside perspective, that is what it appeared to do, but when you were the one using the ability, you were able to see the truth. Hole opened a 'hole' in reality, a pocket dimension if you will. By travelling into that hole, you could open another hole at a separate location and appear to have walked through a portal. Alternatively, you could merely open one connection to the hole in reality, placing an object inside and leaving it there, ready for you whenever you opened a hole to the same space. That was how I carried around all my weapons and snacks, I left them in my pocket dimensions, ready to grab should I ever need them.

Hole's use did not end there, however. As I said previously, I wasn't the biggest fan of Highschool DXD in my first life, but I did watch all of the fights because I enjoyed watching big magic battles. In Kuisha's fight against Akeno, she was able to trap Akeno's lightning in her power then send it back to her. I remembered this, and used it to experiment with my own power. Hole could store energy just as easily as it could matter. It could store light, lightning, fire…even pure Demonic Power.

There have been many studies over the centuries on the subject of how Devils grow in power. The majority of studies with the most accurate results all revolve around the Devil's Demonic Power. By training and exerting yourself, your Demonic Power depletes, causing the overall capacity to grow. It was also discovered that younger Devils grew in power more rapidly than older Devils, the younger a Devil, the faster the growth. This was weaponized both during the Great War and the Underworld's Civil War. Some parents would strap their children into magic circles that would artificially drain their power, causing their bodies to overcompensate and rapidly increase their Demonic Power. Many children subjected to such methods died, but those that didn't were incredibly powerful before getting killed due to their lack of experience. Power is all well and good, but now knowing how to use it will get you killed.

But what does this have to do with Hole? How are the two related? Well, it has to do with my training. I knew that I would need to grow in power rapidly to survive this world, so I got to work the moment I realized what I could do with my unique power, being sure to do proper research and moderate myself so I didn't accidentally kill myself.

For at least six hours a day, to a maximum of twelve to prevent overexertion, I created small Holes along my body – one on each of my arms and legs and one on my solar plexus. While these Holes were on my body, I forced my Demonic Power into them, keeping myself drained of power and fostering rapid growth. I was still young by Devil standards. By carefully keeping myself bereft of Demonic Power, I was multiplying my growth rate almost tenfold. This also gave me an extradimensional space full of demonic power that I could draw from should I ever need it. My own personal Devil battery. Or Devil nuke should I ever find myself in a situation where I needed to use all the power I'd stored up at once. It was unlikely, but the option was there.

The downside to all of this was I was always exhausted. That tended to happen when you shoved away all of your energy into an extradimensional space. When I first started out, I was irritable and snapped at Kuisha a couple times, but had since grown able to cope. I wasn't used to the exhaustion, but I was able to function with it.

Speaking of my sister, she would probably slap me upside the head if she knew why I was always tired. She thought it was just the physical exercise and magic practice I did, which was certainly part of it, but she was not aware of the biggest reason.

As Kuisha and I got closer to the mansion, I was able to make out four figures on the front porch waiting for us. A burly man with black hair wearing a black tank waved as we approached, a wide smile on his face.

"It's good to see you, Kuisha! Judging by the bags…"

"I have decided to accept your offer, Sairaorg." Kuisha said, setting her bag down on the bottom step leading up the porch.

Sairaorg's smile shined as he leapt down the stairs, holding his hand our to Kuisha. "You won't regret this, Kuisha. Thank you for putting your faith in me."

While the two of them shook hands, I looked around at the others, noticing they were also watching me. There were two men and a woman.

A shirtless, muscled man with brown hair and a goatee was leaned up against the wall. A blonde woman with red eyes stood at the top of the stairs, her hands clasped in front of her pink kimono. The third figure was sitting on the railing, his legs swinging back and forth, fiery orange hair spiked up away from his scalp. He tilted his head to the side as he inspected me.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Where are my manners?"

Suddenly, my view of the others was blocked as Sairaorg stepped in front of me, his broad shoulders encompassing me entire field of view. This man was large.

He stuck his hand out and said, "Sairaorg Bael. I'm assuming you're Balthazar? Kuisha speaks highly of you."

I sent an amused glance my sister's way as I took Sairaorg's hand, her face was the picture of innocence. Why ever would I have assumed she'd tried to sweet talk Sairaorg into letting me into his peerage?

"All lies, I assure you." I said, turning back to face Sairaorg.

He chuckled good-naturedly. "I suppose I'll have to see for myself then. Let me introduce you to everyone." He led me up the stairs, stopping to grab Kuisha's other bag as we went. "That's Ladora, Coriana and Regulus." He pointed to the man with the goatee, the woman, and the smaller man in turn. Each nodding as they were named.

"It's good to meet you all." I said, nodding politely. "I am Balthazar Abbadon. With my sister joining your ranks, I expect we will be seeing more of each other soon." Subtly, I looked around for others. I knew Sairaorg would have a full peerage by the time canon started, but I only saw himself, my sister and three others. It would seem he hadn't found the rest yet.

"Your sister tells us you are skilled with magic." the woman, Coriana, said.

I sent a half-lidded glare Kuisha's way before responding. "I'm half-decent. I still have a long way to go though."

"He is being modest." Kuisha cut in, having walked up to my side. "I have seen him training."

Seeing Sairaorg and the rest of his peerage's attention on me, I did my best to deflect. "Yes, but you could still annihilate me, sister dear. That is why you are set to become a Queen."

Kuisha frowned at me, noticing my subject change, but I just sent her a smug grin as my goal was accomplished and Sairaorg's attention turned to her.

"I can think of no one better to stand by my side, Kuisha." Sairaorg said with a dopey, genuine smile on his face. I had to hold back a snort as I saw my sister blushing. I had just acquired teasing material.

"I…I am honored you chose me, Sairaorg." Kuisha said, attempting to compose herself. She saw the amused smile on my face and sent me a death glare. Thankfully for my continued existence, her attention was drawn soon after as Sairaorg held up a hand.

In a flash of fire, a glowing red Queen piece appeared in Sairaorg's hand. Kuisha's eyes locked onto it instantly.

Sairaorg scratched the back of his head, an anxious smile on his face. "SorryI can't give you a big party with lots of fanfare. I'm…kinda broke right now. We can celebrate a little, but I don't have the funds or the friends to hold a big reveal."

The man looked legitimately ashamed of himself for that fact. Then again, he was among the Baels for years before being all but kicked out of the family. It was probably commonplace for Pillar Devils to have grand ceremonies for their Peerage members, both to welcome them and, more importantly, to show them off to the rest of the Underworld. Of course, Sairaorg seemed to only be thinking that Kuisha would be disappointed and think he didn't value her. It looked like he really was a decent guy.

Kuisha looked away shyly. "I don't mind, Sairaorg. I am just happy you chose me." She stepped forward, parting the fabric of her dress where the giant boob window was.

I tactfully looked away, quietly chuckling to myself. So she wore the dress with a low cut front for practical reasons. Certainly not to show herself off to her new King. Oh yeah, all the teasing ammunition.

I was pulled from my thoughts as the fiery haired guy hopped off the railing and walked up to me. He looked to be in his mid-teens, but, thanks to my prior knowledge of this world, I knew that his appearance did not betray his true age.

"Regulus, right?" I asked, trying to drown out the sound of my sister gasping behind me. Sairaorg had just put the Queen piece in her chest.

"That's me."

I held out my hand. "Good to meet you."

He made a humming sound as he shook my hand. "Are you going to join us as well?"

And like that, I had the attention of the other man and the woman. Sairaorg and my sister were still focused on the light show going on to turn her into his Queen. At least Regulus was direct.

"No." I said honestly.

"Why not?"

"I want to make my own peerage. I'm working hard to earn my own Evil Pieces. Joining a peerage would set back my goals."

Regulus pursed his lips, before nodding. "That's a good reason. You'll still hang out with us though, right?"

"My sister is your queen now. It's inevitable we'll cross paths frequently."

Regulus nodded sharply. "Good. I want to fight you, but not now. Come back when you're not tired. It wouldn't be fun like this." He walked around me to join Sairaorg where he was shaking Kuisha's hand.

He could tell I was tired? I guess I wasn't hiding it as well as I thought.

The gathering turned to Kuisha and Sairaorg, congratulating them both. Sairaorg took us all inside to where a table was set with a roast and some snacks. Everyone gathered around to dig in and celebrate their new Queen.

I hung back, conversing when prompted, but just letting them enjoy their moment. When the meal was over, Kuisha met me on the front porch.

She hesitated for a moment before pulling me into a hug. "Take care of yourself, little brother."

"You too, big sis. And congrats again."

She smiled, warm and genuine. "Thank you."

I stepped back, hopping down the steps. I gave her a quick salute and said, "I'll see you around." Sairaorg had keyed me to the wards around this place. It wasn't necessary, but it would allow me to maintain the illusion that it was. Since Hole didn't transport you through the wards, but rather to a space that was offset from reality as a whole, it could bypass most wards like the simple array around Sairaorg's new home or the ones on the Abbadon manor. I'd need to get around to improving those soon.

Taking a single step, I found myself back home. The house felt a little empty without Kuisha, but she was where she wanted to be, and I now had the ability to use it for what I wanted. I knew I could probably pass the High-Class test by now, but I wanted to train a little longer before taking it. Once I tested, I would be on the Underworld's radar. I wanted to be as strong as I could be when that happened, letting me make my own decisions.

My sister was off on her own great adventure. Mine was just about to begin.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, sables, Norego and 2,352 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Dec 30, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 2
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Dec 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#27
It had been a couple months now since Kuisha joined Sairaorg's peerage. In the first couple of weeks, she stopped by the manor a lot to grab things she'd forgotten or just to eat a quick meal with me, but as time went on, her visits became less frequent. I busied myself with my training and finalizing my plans.

With the house now more or less uninhabited by anyone but myself, I could be a lot less careful about hiding my activities. There was a hidden room connected to the basement through a secret passage that I'd been working out of when Kuisha still lived here. I found the place when I was younger. I'd been searching for a spot to start my research projects and noticed the wall stuck out further than it should. From there, it was just a matter of finding a way into the hidden area. I'd been using that area for a while now, but I didn't need to hide down there anymore. I still did some work down there just because I already had a good workspace set up, but with Kuisha gone, I was spending more time upstairs.

Without having to hide my activities from my sister, I made a lot more progress than I would have expected. I still lacked actual combat experience outside of sparring with my sister, but I felt confident I could pass the High Class test with ease now. If possible, I wanted to reveal only my skill with Hole. I was an Abaddon. It was expected that I would be good with it. A large majority of devils born with bloodline abilities often over relied on it, never branching out or learning to use something different. I hadn't, branching into various disciplines of magic and a small amount of weapon practice, but I would rather everyone think I had. I wasn't in a strong enough position yet where I felt comfortable showing off my strength on the Underworld's stage. Isolated and friendless as I was, it would be too easy for someone to sweep me up into their faction or peerage.

Unfortunately, the only way to gain the allies I would need to defend myself were to join a peerage, an option I wasn't very inclined to choose, or passing the High Class test and getting my Evil Pieces so I could start recruiting for my peerage. I had no desire to join a peerage, whereas my plans for the future all revolved around the peerage I planned to recruit. I'd prepared as much as I could to recruit the individuals I wanted. All that was left now was to do it.

In preparation for this moment, I'd already done my research on how to apply to take the High Class test. I already had all the paperwork I needed to submit, it was just a matter of filling it out and sending it in.

Suppressing a sigh, I sat down at the dining room table and started pouring over the documents.

I hated paperwork.


X


I was sitting in a waiting room with a slew of other devil hopefuls, each aiming to receive their own set of Evil Pieces. The room was filled with a wide assortment of individuals. Young devils in expensive clothing, devils at least three times my age in clothes you'd see on a commoner. There were about a dozen of us. These were people who'd worked their whole lives to reach this point just like me, but many of them had been training far longer than I had. Where Pillar devils are handed their Evil Pieces, lower ranked devils or reincarnated devils have to earn them. Since most people in this world weren't born with a Sacred Gear or a really awesome bloodline power, Hole was my eternal savior and I would always be grateful that it graced my humble self with its presence, they had to make do with nothing but a cna-do attitude and time.

We'd each passed the simple written test that covered basic Underworld history and were now waiting for the practical test. From what we'd been told, it would be a tournament-style contest of 1v1 matches. You didn't have to be the last man standing to pass the test, you just had to impress the officials judging you. That would likely be easier if I could see said judges, but they were watching us through scrying.

Everyone looked to the door to the room as an official with a clipboard entered.

"Cleria Fall. Balthazar…Abaddon." the official looked up at me as he read my name, clearly recognizing it. I got a few looks as I stood up, but paid them no mind. I was too busy sizing up the woman who would be my opponent.

She was older than me and a few inches taller with broad shoulders and short cut brown hair. It was hard to tell the exact age of a devil due to how we stopped aging after a point, but she appeared to be in her late twenties, so she had reached the point where she would stop aging. She could be 29, or she could be 290. There wasn't any way to tell without tagging her with spells, which would probably not go over well before our match. Regardless of how old she was, I was confident I could beat her. With any luck, she would be the only opponent I had to fight.

The official led us down the hall, explaining the rules of our match as he guided us to where we would fight. No maiming, cease fighting when ordered, no outside assistance allowed – fairly simple and expected rules, but devils being devils, they had to be stated regardless.

The official left us as we entered a large arena. There were no spectators, but I saw several spell circles floating through the space. People may not have been present, but they were watching all the same.

"Hey!"

I turned from my inspection of the room to look at my opponent. "Yes?"

"That guy said you're an Abbadon. That true?"

"It is."

The woman grinned, smacking her fist into her open palm. "Good. I guess I'll get to make a name for myself sooner than I thought. Hey, after I beat you, you wanna join my peerage? You're cute enough."

Well she certainly didn't lack confidence, did she?

"As tempting as your offer is, I must respectfully decline."

Her grin thinned into a line. "Think you're too good for me, huh? This is why I hate you noble bastards, always looking down on the rest of us."

"I assure you, that was not my intent. If I have somehow offended you, I apologize." I didn't really care what this woman thought of me, but I didn't know who was watching. The New Satans were in charge of High Class promotions and were also big proponents of reincarnated devils and lower-bron devils being afforded the same opportunities as purebloods. I figured it was best to play nice lest I risk someone high up on the totem pole watching this fight and thinking I held prejudice against those without recognizable names. If I could get out of here without making any enemies or making too big of a splash, I'd be content.

My opponent opened her mouth to speak, but was interrupted by an announcement that echoed through the space.

"The match will begin in thirty seconds. Combatants, prepare yourselves."

"I'm going to enjoy roughing up that suit you're wearing, pretty boy."

I frowned, narrowing my eyes at the woman across from me. I didn't want observers to think I was prejudiced, but I also didn't want to seem like a pushover. I couldn't let Cleria's taunts go unanswered.

"You will not land a single strike against me." I said, clasping my hands behind my back and taking a relaxed stance.

Cleria snarled. "I'm gonna make you eat those words, bastard."

The same voice that announced our thirty second began to count down from ten. Cleria settled into a boxer's stance, glaring murderously at me. She was likely a melee combatant then. I would have preferred facing a ranged opponent, but I could make this work.

The sound of a gong rang through the space, signaling the start of our match.

Cleria's wings exploded out of her back, beating against the air even as she ran across the ground, propelling herself towards me. A point of blue light spread across her right arm, coalescing into a hardened blue gauntlet. "Twice Critical!" Cleria roared, her power swelling to new heights as she lunged towards me with her gauntleted hand, aiming to smash her fist through my skull.

I hadn't expected to fight a Sacred Gear holder during this little test. Cleria must have been a reincarnated devil.

Cleria's fist closed in on me. There was a lot of power behind that strike. If it connected, I would probably have a bad time. Good thing it wasn't going to connect.

Moments before Cleria's fist would have smashed into my nose, a dark orb appeared in the path of her strike. Her fist sailed into the Hole I opened, passing through it and out of the paired Hole I'd opened directly beneath her chin.

Cleria's head snapped backwards as her own Sacred Gear armored fist uppercutted her, causing her teeth to snap together with a sickening clacking sound. The force of the blow sent Cleria flying to the side. She rolled across the ground a couple times before coming to a stop. She lay in an unmoving heap, blood seeping out of her mouth.

I made a show of dusting myself off. I had not moved a single step since the 'fight' had begun.

"That concludes the match." the voice of the announcer returned. "Balthazar Abaddon, please proceed through the door to your right."

A section of the wall slid open in the direction, and I walked through into the hallway. There was someone there waiting for me.

"Balthazar Abaddon?" a dark-haired woman in a sleek suit asked as I approached.

"Yes?"

"My name is Sola Holt. I work for Satan Beelzebub. The judges have determined that you do not need to participate in further bouts. You have officially earned the rank of High Class. I will be conducting the ritual to provide you with your evil pieces. Please follow me."

I was a little taken aback by how easy this had been, but I wasn't going to complain. I had beat a devil who had trained and earned her way to this test the same way I had who also had a Sacred Gear, minor though it was,, and I beat her without taking a single step or even moving my arms.

Sola led me into a side room with a ritual circle scribed into the ground.

"Please stand in the middle of the circle." Sola said, taking up a position in front of it.

After some quick analysis spells to make sure I wasn't stepping into a trapped circle, I complied. If Sola was offended by my precaution, she didn't voice her complaints.

The circle flared to life beneath me and Sola held out her hands. Popping sounds like a crackling campfire sounded around me as small flames burst into being, orbiting around me through the air. One by one, the flames stopped in front of me, condensing down into glowing red chess pieces – pawns, rooks, bishops, knights, and finally a queen. With a final pop, all of the pieces vanished, but I knew they weren't gone. I could feel them, tethered to me.

I held up a hand, experimentally flexing my power. In a flash of fire, one of my pawns appeared. I couldn't keep the grin off my face as I turned the small chess piece over in my hand. I had my own Evil Pieces. I could build my own peerage now.

"Congratulations, Mr. Abaddon." Sola said, pulling my attention away from the pawn in my hand. "Your promotion will be announced at the conclusion of today's test with the names of the others who passed. You are now free to leave at your leisure. If you are so inclined, you may also stay to watch the other matches."

"Thank you for your help, Ms. Holt. I believe I will retire for the day."

She nodded easily. "As you wish. I will escort you out of the building." She guided me through the halls and out the front door, stopping at the threshold. "Once more, allow me to congratulate you."

"Thank you again for your help."

"Of course." With that, she turned around and reentered the testing facility.

I stood on the steps for a moment, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly. Today was a good day.

A Hole opened up around me, whisking me home.


X


The High-Class test was almost too easy. I'd been in and out of the building in a couple hours. Sure, I embarrassed my opponent, but I would have thought there would be a more involved process. Sola had seemed rushed to give me my Evil Pieces and send me on my way.

Still, I couldn't complain about the result. I had my Evil Pieces now, and I hadn't revealed anything that was not already common knowledge. I did exactly one thing in my fight against Cleria, opened a Hole. The Abaddon could use Hole. What a wildly unprecedented eventuality! No one would gleen any new information about my capabilities from my High Class test, and I could not be happier about that. Today had gone almost perfectly.

Almost. A mutation piece or two in my set would have made this a perfect day. I ran a hand over the demonic chess set sat before me on the dining room table, gently brushing the pieces with my fingers. Sadly, all of my pieces were normal. I didn't get a single mutation piece. I couldn't be too upset about that fact though. Mutation pieces were rare, and I was already set up in a really good position. I had a private manor with private land. My full capabilities were still secret. I had my Evil Pieces. Today was a good day.

I received a ping through the manor's wards.

I frowned. A letter had just been sent and was seeking permission to pass through the wards. I hadn't received a single letter in my entire life. Why was I getting one now?

I allowed the letter to pass the wards, my curiosity too great to be denied. In a burst of bright orange fire, an envelope inlaid with gold trim appeared in front of me, floating patiently in the air. Who wasted money on gold trim?

After inspecting the letter for magical traps, curses and other unsavory surprises, I plucked it out of the air and looked it over. The envelope only had two words on it, my full name written in swirly script. Was that gold ink? Who would use gold ink?

Now beyond curious and tired of waiting, I tore the letter open and quickly read through it. I felt my good mood slowly erode as I progressed through the letter. Frowning, I set it down on the table.

Today was not a good day. Today was a fucking terrible day.

This… Well, I officially had no idea what to do about this. Why was Magdaran Bael inviting me to the Bael Estate for lunch?

Sairaorg didn't have the same platform he once did as the Bael heir, but he had still announced that he'd taken Kuisha as his Queen. I'd followed the reaction on the Devil Net. As was always the case with the internet, the Devil Net doubly so, there was a fair helping of trolls shouting about how terrible Sairaorg and my sister were, but there was also a large amount of praise. The Abbadon name wasn't a strong one, but it was a recognizable one. Combine that with Hole and my sister's proficiency with both Hole and magic and people were saying that Sairaorg had chosen a good queen.

Of course, they wouldn't say such things in public. He was still the disgraced Bael heir. Being seen openly supporting him could put you at odds with the Baels, the undisputedly strongest Pillar at present. Especially considering some of the other things that were said on the Net and by the more brazen news publications.

Magdaran Bael, the current Bael heir and Sairaorg's half-brother had yet to acquire a single peerage piece. He was young, so that could be excused, but there were still questions raised both on the Devil Net and by certain news outlets about whether or not he was too indecisive and whether or not the Bael without the Power of Destruction would have made a better heir. Those were not the kind of accusations a devil would accept lying down, especially one who was, for all intents and purposes, Zekram Bael's puppet.

Sairaorg was praised for taking an Abbadon as his Queen. Magdaran still had no peerage pieces and was under pressure from the wider Underworld and likely his own family to fill his peerage. A quick search on the Devil Net turned up a brief article about how 'The Bastard of Abaddon' had become a High Class devil. It seems the news travelled fast. Kuisha never took the High Class test before joining Sairaorg's peerage, meaning I could now boast accomplishments she couldn't. And, most annoyingly, for the first time in my entire life, I'd received an invitation to lunch, lunch at the home of the most influential Pillar in the Underworld.

"Fuck." I bit out, supremely pissed off.

This was bad no matter how I looked at it. I was hoping I was wrong about Magdaran's intentions behind this invitation, but I didn't think I was that lucky. He needed peerage pieces. Zekram, his ancestor, headed a faction that toted pureblood devil superiority. I, a pureblood devil who shared a last name with his brother's Queen, had just shown I was strong enough to be recognized by Devil society. He wanted me in his peerage.

From a political perspective, I couldn't help but admire the move. This was not only an opportunity for Magdaran to silence his doubters, but also to snub his brother at the same time. If he were to reincarnate me, the Abaddon sibling who had passed the High Class tes, as his bishop, the story would then become that Sairaorg was over-valuing the Abbadon's power by taking one as his Queen, something the Bael's media machine could easily push out. At the same time, he would gain a powerful pure-blooded devil to serve under him, satisfying his obligations to the Great King faction.

It was a good move. The only problem was that it royally fucked me over.

I wasn't going to accept his gracious offer, that was a foregone conclusion. Yes, the Baels held more power than I would likely ever be able to attain. By serving under them, my status would skyrocket overnight, but I didn't want to be pulled into Zekram's games. It would never really be my status, it would be the Bael's, and I would be their good little lap dog that they showed off to all of their Pillar friends. Not to mention the fact that serving the Baels would mean joining the side openly opposed to the New Satans. I wanted to be as far removed from that particular drama as possible, not stuck right in the middle of it.

Then there was the fact that serving Magdaran didn't satisfy the conditions I would need to agree to joining a peerage. Even if I could get him to agree to make me his Queen, I didn't know Magdaran enough to trust him. I did know of Zekram both from my first life and the news in this life. I knew enough about him to know that I never wanted to find myself subservient to him, even by proxy, which I would be if I took Magdaran's offer.

Finally, joining Magdaran, the devil that took Sairaorg's heirship, after refusing Sairaorg's offer would be akin to spitting in Sairaorg's face, and by extension spitting in my sister's face. I wasn't going to do that.

I suppose I could take Sairaorg's offer first, joining his peerage as a bishop, but I wasn't too keen on that route either. He would definitely be a better King than Magdaran, but if he regained his heirship the way he did in canon, then I would still be subservient to Zekram. Not an attractive outcome.

That left me with sorting out the problem of how I was going to navigate the political minefield I found myself in without setting off any explosions. Refusing Magdaran could be taken as an insult to the Bael family which would royally fuck up all of my future plans. I had aimed to use Hole to open a secure shipping trade, something I wouldn't be able to do if the most influential Pillar in the Underworld threw their weight against me to repay a perceived slight.

"Fantastic fucking timing this. I should have waited to take that stupid test until I had everything prepared." I whined aloud. I had my peerage pieces, but I wasn't ready to use them yet. I was planning to do some esoteric ritual to abuse Hole's power to get myself some real heavy-hitters, but it seems as though fate had other plans. I had to deal with this Bael situation first, preferably in a way that didn't have them hating my guts. I could just refuse the meeting, but that would definitely be taken as a slight. Noble devils didn't like it when their 'lessers' didn't come running at their call.

The silver lining here was that Magdaran had given me a week's notice. I had seven days to try to figure something out.

My original plan for my Evil Pieces saw me acquiring my knight first. I had someone in mind who would make acquiring the rest of the people I wanted much easier. Their abilities combined with Hole would make it almost trivial to gather the others at my will, but that knight wouldn't be much help to me at the moment.

Truthfully, no one I had intended to recruit would be able to get me out of this jam. When I was outlining my plan, I chose power, willingness to join and loyalty over ability to maneuver political shitstorms. I was seeing the folly of that decision right now. I needed someone who could help me navigate messes like this one. I wasn't stupid, but I was far from experienced in politics, let alone devil politics where some of my opponents predated the medieval era.

I needed to reevaluate. I needed to find someone for my peerage who could stand on somewhat even footing with the likes of Zekram Bael and the New Satans, someone who could help me navigate the mess I found myself in and any future messes I would inevitably stumble upon.

The clincher was this person would also have to be willing to accept being reincarnated. It took a lot of careful consideration and planning to find candidates for my peerage that would both be boons to my peerage and be willing to actually join it. It was one thing to walk up to the greatest swordsman alive and offer them a place in my peerage. It was an entirely separate matter to appear when that swordsman lay broken and dying and give them the same offer.

Manipulative? Yes, but I was a Devil. It was practically synonymous with my race.

So was there even someone who fit all this criteria that I would be able to summon in less than a week? Or should I go back to square one and try to figure out a way to solve this on my own?

My mind wandered, settling on an individual I had briefly considered when initially making my plans, but discarded due to the uncertainty of whether or not they'd be loyal. If they would work with me, they were exactly who I'd need. The problem was I didn't know if I'd be able to get to them in under a week. In order to recruit them, I would need to arrive at a very specific time. I wasn't sure if I could pull that off on my own.

"Fuck." I said aloud, scribbling a quick acceptance of Magdaran's lunch meeting on the blank letter provided in the same envelope. A moment later, the letter burst into flames, sent back to the Bael heir. I was committed now.

Whether I could make this work or not, I was damn sure going to try. What did I spend my life training for if not establishing myself in devil society?

I headed to the basement where I'd set up my workshop. Kuisha never came down here even before she moved out. She said it was cold and dreary. That suited me just fine. It let me work on my future projects without her looking over my shoulder. I liked my sister, but I wasn't sure I trusted her with this. This was how I planned to elevate myself. I didn't want to give it up to anyone.

After opening the secret passage I found when I was twelve and dispelling several illusions, my workspace was revealed to me. There were a slew of potions and thick tomes on shelves along each wall, but I ignored them all, heading directly towards an intricately drawn spell circle in the center of the floor.

I sat down in the center of the circle and began feeding it mana. Instantly, it flared to life, filling the space with an orange glow.

I'd been experimenting with Hole ever since I awoke in this world. At first, I'd thought it would only function like the portals from the game that first taught me how to think with portals. I quickly learned that was not the case. As I experimented more, I learned more. Up until I accidentally opened a Hole that connected to the Dimensional Gap.

I was trying to push myself to the limit, see exactly how far away I could place a Hole. There had to be a limit, and I wanted to know what that limit was. As I came to find out, the limit was only limited by one's imagination. I should have expected that. Devil magic in general was powered by imagination. Whatever you dreamt of, you could accomplish given enough power and time. I'd imagined a Hole opening beyond the boundaries of the world, and I'd achieved that dream.

I shut the Hole the moment I realized what it was connected to. I even had a minor panic attack and refused to train for a few days. I could have very easily killed myself if the space of the Dimensional Gap had made it through my portal. I did a lot more research before attempting that again.

As I experimented further, I found I could reach even further beyond. I opened a Hole to a place beyond the Dimensional Gap. It was exhausting, I'd had to rest for a full week, but I'd done it. I didn't know if I would be able to return if I stepped through, so I remained on this side of the portal. From what I was able to determine, the world I'd connected to was bereft of life. An expanse of endless desert scorched eternally by an uncaring sun. Not an ideal vacation destination, but it got me thinking. If I could reach past the infinite to the worlds beyond, who was to say I couldn't reach past the infinite to find a specific world?

I spent the last several years poring over scrying and divining texts in between bouts of training. After a lot of hard work, I was able to construct this ritual circle and the accompanying ritual, allowing me to use Hole as a medium to scry beyond the Dimensional Gap. It took me another three months of searching to finally find a world I was interested in. It took me three months of careful searching to find the world where I could find the person I wished to reincarnate as my knight. Three months. I hadn't even pinpointed their location, just found the right world. Although, the world they were currently in didn't function by logical rules. Hopefully it would be easier to find the individual I was looking for now. After all, I only had a week to pull this off before I needed to meet with Magdaran.

I knew it was a desperate gambit, but I needed this to work. I activated the ritual, opening a Hole behind me connected to the pocket dimension where I stored all of the demonic power I had stored up over the years to supplement my training. This was not how I'd envisioned myself using this well of overflowing power, but needs must. If this worked out, it would be a worthwhile trade, more than worthwhile.

Holes appeared around me as I activated the ritual, throwing my perception beyond the bounds of reality, propelled forth on a current of demonic power stored up over my entire life. I was betting my life on this. I needed it to work.


X


It was raining.

The dark sky rumbled overhead. Choking all joy from the air. Maybe that was why she was so cold. It could also be her rapidly weakening hold on life, but it was at least partially the rain's fault. The uncaring downpour had soaked through her cloak and dress. She'd lost one of her shoes, leaving her bare foot to slowly sink into the mud beneath her.

She hated rain.

Perhaps she should have spent her final moments lamenting her end, but she'd been through this song and dance before. She knew it would do no good. Things never went her way, not since she was a young, blind girl, too infatuated to realize she was throwing everything she'd ever cared for away for the sake of a bastard that would toss her aside on a whim with no regrets.

Her second chance was over before it had even begun. She'd been summoned to fight her master's enemies, to earn a wish, to build a life. When she was young, she'd had everything she could have ever wanted. Time and again, she threw it away for that bastard. She'd thought she'd found a new home at his side, a new family. Then she realized it was all an illusion. Then she was tossed aside.

Witch of Betrayal? The title fit her well, but only because she had grown so used to betrayal. Everything she touched, everything she loved was brought to ruin. Anyone she put her faith in would abuse, harm and disappoint her. Even at this time, in this place, this was true. The man who'd summoned her here to act as his partner was too concerned with his own ineptitude to understand the future she offered him. She'd presented him with the power to achieve his dreams, her power, and he'd leashed her, too prideful to allow himself to be less than her.

She was enraged. Time and again, she'd given everything she was to another only to be abandoned when she needed help the most. Here she lay, dying in a muddy puddle, forgotten. It shouldn't have been this way, but that was then that was true for her entire life. She should never have suffered as she had, but she chose to to aid those close to her. She should never have had to betray those nearest to her, but a spiteful goddess thought it would be amusing to watch her dance to its tune.

She had power, but that power had never been sufficient to grant her desires. She had her beauty, but that had only led to being used and discarded. Was it really so greedy, so unjust to ask for that which so many others were able to enjoy without suffering through the trials she had? The simplest of life's pleasures had always eluded her. She would give up her power, her beauty, her legend if she could just be happy.

Moisture trailed down her cheeks. She told herself it was from the rain. She felt herself fading away, the last of her mana spent. In the end, she died with the same regrets as the first time, the same thoughts. She just wanted to be happy. Was that truly so evil?

The dark sky vanished. Her vision must have faded. It was time. She closed her eyes.

She gasped, her eyes flying open as energy, vitality flowed into her. She felt her form, moments from dispelling into nothing, stabilize.

Mana.

Disgusted at the state she found herself in, she waved her hand, drying her clothes and cleaning the mud that had dirtied her all at once. She sat up, looking around with a suspicious eye. She was no longer surrounded by trees. There was no sky. She was surrounded on all sides by darkness. The only break in the abyss was a figure sitting across from her. He was sitting with his legs crossed. Golden hair tumbled wildly down from his head. His eyes were blue like a gentle sea. Sweat beaded his brow. He was breathing heavily.

"Who are you? Where am I? How…how am I alive?" The moment the words left her mouth, she frowned. Perhaps she wasn't alive. This is not what she experienced the last time she died, but it was possible she was sent somewhere else after failing to achieve her wish.

"My name is Balthazar Abbadon. I am a devil. You are currently within a pocket dimension of my making. You are alive because I am sustaining your form with my magic. I won't be able to keep you here for much longer. Finding you was…far more taxing than I expected."

She frowned. A devil? He was very upfront about that, but he did not look like any devil she'd ever heard of. He looked like a young man – handsome, unburdened by time. Perhaps that was one of his powers, a way to lure foolish maidens to their doom.

Regardless of whatever plot was certainly at play, she was certainly thankful this devil had deigned to impose on her when he did. She felt herself fading. Only his power was sustaining her form now, but it was hard to believe a devil was searching for her for reasons that would benefit her.

"What do you want?" she asked, cutting to the point.

"I need allies. I need…good counsel. I am not from your world. The devils of my world developed a method to reincarnate individuals of other races into devils, binding them to the service of the King that turned them in the process. I want to reincarnate you as a devil."

She let herself think about that for a moment. "People, especially devils, in need of allies typically are embroiled in conflict. You want me to fight your battles for you."

The devil took a deep breath, causing her to frown. She could feel the stream of mana flowing from him into her. It was slowly growing weaker.

"I'm young. By devil standard, I am very young. Older, more experienced devils, want to use me to further their own ends. I'm not currently fighting battles against anyone, but I do need help navigating hostile politics. And yes, it is inevitable you would have to fight for me."

She didn't answer, considering the devil across from her.

He let out a long sigh. "Look, I get that I have just appeared out of nowhere and you have no reason to trust anyone right now, least of all an admitted devil. Finding you was the single most difficult thing I have ever done in my life. I can't maintain this connection for much longer, especially with how I'm having to split my focus to maintain you at the same time. I'd love to be able to give you time to think about this, to ask all of your questions and receive your answers, but I can't."

He took a deep breath, features determined. "I need a strong ally, someone who will fight at my side and will help me make informed decisions. I need someone I can trust not to turn their back on me the moment a better offer comes along, because a better offer will come along, especially for you. I am fairly low-ranking on the Underworld totem pole. The moment those above me realize who you are, they will be tripping over themselves to give you more than I can offer. I'm asking for a lot of trust from you here, but I'm offering just as much if not more. If you agree to let me reincarnate you then leave me for another, stronger King later, I will have lost everything. I am quite literally betting my life on you. I can't offer you anything other than my word that I will treat you well and ensure you want for nothing I can provide. I'm aware that may not be enough coming from a devil, but it's all I can give."

He cringed. She felt the stream of mana maintaining her lessen once more.

With grit teeth, he looked up at her. "I wish we had more time to talk and get to know each other, but I need your answer now. I can't hold this connection much longer."

She let his words play in her head, studying the face of the devil who'd appeared in her most dire moment.

He was a devil. It was clear that he was attempting to manipulate her, but she couldn't sense any outright deception in his words. Most damning was his face. He would need to be an actor the likes of which she'd never heard of in order to fool her with what he now displayed. Dismay, regret, hopelessness – she had seen that look before in the mirror. She likely wore it herself not minutes prior as she lay dying. This devil had bet everything on her. If she were to take him at his word, and she strangely believed the devil whose entire species was known for untruths, he had moved across worlds to reach her. She lay dying in the mud, and who had come to her aid? It was not a man nor a god, but a devil. It was amusing in a self-depreciating way. She'd failed to achieve her wish through other means. Perhaps a change of tactics and of scenery was in order.

"Very well." she said.

The devil blinked, tilting his head to the side. She couldn't stop herself from giggling at the expression of pure, dumbfounded confusion on his face. It was cute.

"I'm sorry… What?"

"I agree. I will become your servant. You will need to continue sustaining me with mana, but–"

"That won't be an issue." he responded almost absentmindedly, still appearing as if he did not understand the happenings of the world. "Evil Pieces are capable of granting spirits and entities similar to them like yourself fully incarnated bodies."

She froze, not daring to hope. "You…you can grant me a body?"

The devil grunted, pained. She felt the mana from the devil decrease again.

"I…can."

Reincarnation. Something heroes from ages past fought to the death in the hopes of achieving, was just offered to her with very minimal strings attached. What was a devil lord but a Master of a different race?

"If you reincarnate me, I will serve you. Your goals will be my goals, your enemies my enemies." She looked the devil in the eyes. If this devil sought her out across worlds, then he knew who she was, what she was known for. He had wagered everything on her. She had done the same before, and every time she had been disappointed, she had been destroyed. That would not be the case this time. Willing the devil to feel the sincerity of her words, she said, "And I will never betray you."

The devil looked taken aback. For a creature known to be synonymous with subtlety and manipulation, he certainly wore his heart on his sleeve.

"I…thank you." he said dumbly. He held up his hand. In a flash of fire, a glowing red chess piece appeared in his hand.

She looked at him with an amused grin. "Am I to be the Queen to your King, then?"

He sighed. "Devil society in my world has a bizarre fascination with chess. Each of the objects we use to reincarnate others is a chess piece with corresponding values and abilities."

"Then next to the King, the Queen would be the strongest piece?"

He hesitated a moment before answering. "Yes."

She was smiling. Why was she smiling? Why did she feel so warm in her chest? "How does this work?"

"I push it into your chest and it reincarnates you as a devil. You're sure? This is your last chance to–"

"I am sure. You said you were weakening, and I feel the evidence of that. If we wait any longer, I will fade. That is an outcome that serves neither of us." she said as she stood, walking up to the devil before sitting back down in front of him. "No more stalling."

He huffed out a short laugh. "No more stalling." He lifted the chest piece up, reaching towards her. She felt as it briefly halted as it came into contact with her chest before the devil applied more pressure and the artifact was absorbed into her.

She gasped, feeling foreign magic explode through her; power. It was like someone had injected lava into her veins. The flesh of her back tore and rapidly mended as two new limbs burst forth. Wings. She had wings. It was a conscious effort to control her breathing. It was…

Breath. She was breathing.

Hesitantly, she reached up, fingers lightly feeling her face, throat, chest. She had a pulse. She couldn't turn immaterial. This devil had really reincarnated her.

She felt a rush of magic as the still sitting devil suddenly went slack, as if a mountain of tension suddenly left him. The void of eternal darkness around them was gone. They were in a space with walls and floors made of stone brick. Magical implements lined the walls. They sat together in a magical circle. Even were she not a mage, she would be able to easily recognize this as a laboratory.

The devil inhaled a deep breath as he sat slumped across from her, spent after whatever working he'd done to unite them. "Welcome to my home. Once more, I am Balthazar Abbadon, your new King. It's a pleasure to have you here. Forgive me…but…" his head lolled to the side, eyes closing.

She was at his side in an instant, catching his collapsing form before he could fall to the ground. Slowly, carefully, she knelt, lowering the devil's head onto her thighs. She gently brushed his hair away from his eyes, smiling down at the face of the devil who would be her new master. And wasn't it a handsome face.

As she stared down at him, her mind wandered. He was young. He was desperate. He was unconscious. He would be so easy to take advantage of. She needn't even work that hard.

A wicked dagger whose blade twisted at jagged angles appeared in her hand, the meager weight of the blade comforting her in this dreary space.

The moment the devil put that chess piece in her chest, she felt a connection form between them. There were likely fail safes built into the design of the artifact that changed her to prevent a servant from abandoning their master, but she could simply break the rules if she so desired. She had a body now. She had a whole new world to explore. She didn't need this devil.

She ran her hand over his forehead, the sweat and dirt that marred his features was swept away by a minor cleansing charm. It would be easy to be free of him, even to bend him to her will, but that wasn't what she wanted. She didn't want to wander the Earth alone again. She didn't want a mindless slave. She wanted a partner.

This devil had risked much to bring her here, saving her life in the process. Betraying him now would make her no better than the bastard that ruined her life.

The dagger in her other hand scattered into motes of light, but she felt its presence. If she ever required it, it would return to her side in a moment.

She laid a single hand on the devil's forehead, rubbing gentle circles with her fingers, soothing magic bleeding out of her fingertips. In locating her, the devil had overexerted himself, stretching his power beyond what he was capable of. She couldn't take all of the pain away, but she could at least ensure he rested well. And in the meantime…

A trio of shadowy ravens coalesced in the air around her, flying through the room's only exit and down a corridor. When they ascended a staircase, the ravens split up, two of them flying within the building she had appeared in while the third nudged a window open with its beak and took flight outside.

Seeing through the eyes of her familiars, the woman frowned disapprovingly. The defensive wards in this manor were sorely lacking. She would see to that at once. A mage was strongest when they had prepared the battlefield in their favor.

With practiced ease, the woman wove magic with her free hand, still observing the manor and its surroundings through the senses of her ravens. The one she'd sent to the upper floors made an interesting discovery. Once she knew the layout of the whole manor and the immediate grounds beyond, she ordered her ravens to return, bearing the prize they'd found in their talons.

Her ravens returned just as she finished setting up the first layer of defenses for the home. The ravens gently set a small laptop down in front of her before flying out of the room, moving to keep watch for any intruders.

The woman pulled the laptop closer. Such interesting things; these computers. She hadn't had much opportunity to use her new knowledge of them before her and her master's…falling out. A link on the desktop caught her eye. It read, 'Devil Net'.

The woman grinned. "Well hello there." She opened a browser and began to learn, all the while layering defensive wards over the manor and massaging soothing magic into her new master's forehead. She was a skilled woman. She could multitask.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, sables and 2,487 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Dec 31, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 3
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#117
I groaned, feeling stiff and sore everywhere. Everywhere but my head strangely. It felt as if there was a soothing energy rippling out from my forehead like a gentle stream. Considering the pain the rest of me was in, it felt like heaven.

"Good morning, master." a warm, amused voice spoke from above me.

My eyes shot open, revealing a smiling purple-haired woman in a black cloak. Her hood was pulled down, revealing her pointed ears.

"I hope your rest was pleasant." she said.

I felt panic take hold of me. "How long was I unconscious?"

The woman's smile turned to a small frown. "It had been close to twelve hours."

I let out a sigh as all of the tension left my body. I didn't miss my meeting with Magdaran. Locating my new queen had taken five days of nonstop effort. Add twelve hours on to that, and I still had a little time before our scheduled meeting.

A small hole opened next to my finger, allowing me to take stock of the store of demonic power I'd been hoarding for years. Over half of it was gone, used up in my frantic search for my queen. Years worth of power all gone in one desperate search. Eight years specifically. I was currently nineteen years old physically. I'd learned how to siphon my demonic power with Hole when I was seven. That left me just under four year's worth of reserves left over. It cost me eight years worth of hoarded energy to locate Medea and transport her here. When I'd told her I gambled my life on her, I hadn't been exaggerating. I was betting my future on her, and I had used up a significant portion of the demonic energy I intended to use as a trump card to find her. Locating Medea had cost me, but she'd agreed to become my Queen so I'd do it again in a heartbeat. Although, it was causing me to reassess some things. If every time I used this ritual would be that costly, I would need to think of something else to gather a peerage. I didn't have years to save up additional power. I was already on the Bael's radar. Still, things could be worse.

My eyes tracked up, meeting the purple irises of the woman above me. Things could be a lot worse. Wait a second… Was my head resting in her lap?

"That is a unique power. What does it do?" she asked, turning to look at the Hole I'd summoned.

"It's my family's magic. It's called Hole. The most rudimentary use is to create portals, but it's more versatile than that. It's how I was able to find you. Speaking of…" I slowly stood up, shaking off a jolt of shock as I realized that, yes, I had been sleeping with my head on her lap.

The woman across from me was frowning, almost pouting as she stared down at her legs where my head had just rested.

"Sorry," I said, drawing her attention. "I didn't mean to pass out before we formally met. Allow me to reintroduce myself. I am Balthazar Abbadon, bastard son of the House of Abbadon and your new King."

The woman met my gaze and levitated from her sitting position to her feet. She stood several inches shorter than me, but I knew what she was capable of. I wasn't going to let her stature fool me into thinking she was weak. She was a demigod for Satan's sake. She was worth all of the demonic power I'd stored up over the years and more. Losing only as much as I had to gain her was a trade I would make a thousand times over.

"And I, as I am sure you already know, am Medea of Colchis, the Witch of Betrayal, and your new Queen, master."

I held up my hand awkwardly as she addressed me. "Um… You don't have to call me master. Just Balthazar or Bal is fine. I want my peerage to be a family. It's hard to foster that kind of atmosphere if I'm forcing everyone to call me by titles."

She chuckled, her lips pulling up into a conspiring grin. "How kind of you, master. In that case, I will address you as I like, master." She seemed awfully content with herself.

Well, if she wanted to call me 'master', I wasn't going to make a big deal of it. It felt a little weird for Medea of Colchis to call me that, but I chalked it up as a hold-over from her time in the Throne of Heroes, and as a Heroic Spirit.

"Thank you for looking after me while I was unconscious. I'd have liked to present a more capable front, but–"

"You needn't worry about that, master. I took the liberty of familiarizing myself with my new surroundings while you were sleeping. This ritual you've created," She motioned down to the magic circle beneath us. "Is quite extraordinary. I've already found several amateur mistakes you made that decrease its efficiency and impede its work, but that is expected for a young mage." She clapped her hands together as she bounced in place excitedly. "Now that I'm here, I can help you fix those mistakes."

"I would gladly welcome your assistance." Lessons in how to improve my magic from one of the best witches to ever live? What possible reason could I have to refuse?

"Come on," I said, motioning for her to follow me as I walked towards the door, suppressing a wince of pain as my sore body protested the movement. "I'll show you around and give you the basic rundown of this new world you find yourself in, then I'll bring you up to speed on the situation I find myself in and how it will affect you."

"There's no need, master."

I turned around, confused.

An object levitated up into Medea's arms which she then held up to show me. Was that my laptop?

"I explored the grounds and researched the world while you slept. I also found the letter you left in the dining room, but I believe I lack context about why a lunch with the Bael Heir would drive you to exhaustion trying to summon help." Seeing my puzzled expression, she frowned. "Is there an issue with my actions, master?"

I snorted. "Not at all. You just surprised me with how much you got done while I was out. Since all of that's out of the way, how would you feel about getting some food? You've just been reincarnated, why not enjoy it a little?"

Medea's eyes widened slightly. "I think… I think I would enjoy that, master."

I held out my hand invitingly. "Then let's go."


X


Medea shifted awkwardly in her seat, staring intently at the wall opposite her as I entered the dining room.

"Sorry that it took so long." I said, setting a plate down in front of her. It wasn't anything fancy. I just quickly made up some chicken curry, skills left over from having to cook for my family regularly in my first life.

"Thank you, master," Medea said, hesitantly picking up her fork and poking at the food. She took a small bite and her eyes widened. Here pointed ears twitch up and down, so quick I might've missed it if I'd blinked. That was adorable.

"Good?" I asked.

Medea nodded, another bite already in her mouth.

"Well, I'm glad. Can I get you anything else? I don't have much in the way of spirits, but I'm sure I could scare up some wine." Neither Kuisha nor I were very big drinkers, but we kept a meager stock in the house in case we ever had to host guests unexpectedly.

"I… Red wine?" she seemed hesitant to ask.

"Coming right up." I set my plate down across from her then left to retrieve the wine. I returned with a pair of wine glasses and a bottle, reading the label as I walked in. "1455 Pinot Noir. I have no idea what that means, but I'm hoping it means it's good." I said, setting a glass down in front of Medea and uncorking the bottle.

I wasn't a sommelier. I didn't drink much, not at all really, so I didn't know much about fine wines. There were a slew of people in the Underworld who obsessed over the stuff though. Collectors would fight tooth and nail over stock left over from prominent ancient cities and long-forgotten eras. A bottle from Rome was recently sold for a small fortune. I'd only paid attention because I was planning on setting up a business. I didn't plan to trade in wine, but it didn't hurt to keep my options open.

I poured us both a glass, then sat down across from Medea, digging into my own curry.

She took an experimental sip of the wine and a pleasant smile grew on her lips. I'd take that to mean 1455 Pinot Noir was good.

"When I agreed to become a devil's servant, I would not have expected him to cook me meals nor serve me drinks." Medea said, a small smile on her face as she took another sip of wine.

"I'm your King, but that doesn't mean you should grovel before me. And if I want to do something nice for you to show my appreciation for taking my offer, then I'll do it."

Medea set her glass down, looking down at the plate of food in front of her. "I saw many things on the Devil Net. There are many Devil Kings who treat their peerage as a menagerie to show off to their political allies. Others mistreat their servants." She looked up, meeting my eyes. "I suppose I should be grateful it was you who pulled me from the mud I was dying in."

"I'm just glad everything worked out. I…" I trailed off, flexing my magic and looking around with narrowed eyes. The wards… Something had been done to them.

"Medea, did you improve the wards while I was unconscious?"

"Yes. The defenses around your home were not sufficient to defend us. I still need to improve them, but I believe they are now at least passable. Did I overstep?"

I shook my head, relaxing. "No, I appreciate it actually. Next time though, do me a favor and let me know. You're welcome to work on whatever projects you want, just keep me apprised of them so they don't catch me off guard."

"I am your servant. Will I not be undertaking your projects?"

"You will, but I don't want to be a King like those you read about. I'll make sure you get free time, and when you have it, feel free to do whatever you want." I winced. "I say that, but I'm going to need to monopolize your time in the immediate future."

Medea was smiling. "You would not have summoned me if you didn't need my help, and you were very clear about your intentions prior to reincarnating me." A letter written in gold ink levitated up into the air to be caught between her index and middle finger. "I would assume your current troubles have something to do with this letter?"

I filled Medea in on the context she was missing regarding my current situation as well as a few gaps in her knowledge that appeared. She hadn't had time to look up everything on the Devil Net, but she had a solid foundation to build from.

We were done eating now, our plates set off to the side. Medea was on her fourth glass of wine, though it didn't appear to be affecting her all that much. I'd poured myself a glass, but only taken a few sips from it, I wanted to stay focused on the matter at hand.

"Unless my estimation is inaccurate, I do not see how the Bael heir could force you into his peerage." Medea said, examining the letter in her hands as she gripped her chin in thought. "He clearly wants you, but he couldn't take you by force without upsetting the New Satans."

"But he could pressure me to join, right? His family has a lot of influence. If they take my refusal as an insult, they could make things difficult for us."

"They do, but that just means you have to offer them something else to appease them." Medea let the letter go. It drifted across the table to rest in front of me. "You told me you plan to open a trading business. What do you plan to trade?"

"Anything I can get my hands on really. I was planning on acting as a middleman for other merchants. With Hole," I held up a hand and conjured a Hole to help emphasize my point. "I can bring shipping costs down to near zero."

Medea made a considering sound. "I am not a businesswoman, but I imagine it would be easier to first establish yourself as an independent merchant before selling your services. With your ability to quickly and securely deliver a product, you should have an advantage in the market. Tell me, master, how common are magical items in this world?"

I closed my fist, dispelling the Hole above my hand. "That depends on what you're talking about. Everyday items are fairly common among wealthier families, though the quality varies. As far as weapons, armor and the like though, there is far too much demand and far too little supply."

Medea grinned like a fox. "I believe I have the solution to your problem, master."


X


Medea outlined her plan to me then disappeared down into the basement. Since there was a shortage of magic items in the supernatural market, Medea thought that the two of us together could make an absolute killing. With her Item Creation skill, she'd make magical items, weak magical items by her standards, that we could sell. With Hole, I could reliably transport her products throughout the Underworld and beyond. We could open up channels to do business with other factions, but that was for the future.

For the present, Medea was setting up a workshop in the basement where she would make a few items as a proof of concept. I would then approach the meeting with Magdaran intending to use it as a meeting with a prospective business partner.

The plan worked because my business plans not only gave me a shield to politely refuse Magdaran's offer to join his peerage, but it also would be the expected move. If a Pillar Devil invited you to lunch when you yourself were a low-born devil with big dreams, using the meeting to your advantage would be expected.

With any luck, I could make Magdaran so annoyed with my insistence that he help me with my business that he just threw me out. There would be little in the way of recompense from Clan Bael because I would have offered to let them aid me in my business pursuits. Of course, there was the possibility that Magdaran agreed to assist me, but an investment from him in exchange for a small percentage of earnings was worth not being reincarnated into his peerage. I'd still be free, and I could worry about getting the Bael's fingers out of my business later.

I was feeling much better about this whole situation now. With a calmer head, I was realizing I might have blown things out of proportion after receiving Magdaran's letter. I wasn't true nobility, but I was an Abaddon, and our name meant something. If I was clearly displeased with Magdaran's offer, there would have been pushback from other pureblood devils lacking status against letting him reincarnate me because that would set a poor precedent for other lower, near-noble houses, potentially turning them hostile to the new government of the Underworld.

This was why I needed a capable Queen. I needed someone to help me think things through without getting singularly focused on one aspect of a problem. Despite the power I'd burned to retrieve her, despite the panic that fuelled my desperate gambit, despite my initial doubts about whether or not she would stay with me, despite everything, I could not have been happier that I'd chosen Medea as my Queen. She'd held the position for less than a day and already, the wards around my house were improved, I had a plan to deal with the Magradan situation, and I had an avenue to market my business as something other than a glorified courier service. She was setting groundwork for the future, those weren't the actions of someone looking to jump ship, but someone who was invested in our mutual success. I'd burned through power equivalent to eight years of my life to find her. I would do it over and over again to achieve this same outcome.

My Queen had also pointed out a rather important detail regarding my meeting with Magdaran that I had completely overlooked. I knew that accepting a position in Magdaran's peerage would have been akin to spitting in Sairaorg's face. It was one of the many reasons I had resolved not to join Magdaran. I knew that I wouldn't be joining his peerage, but what would I think if I were in Sairaorg's shoes and someone I'd thought I was loose allies with was seen having lunch with the man who stole my inheritance? Yeah, a bit of an oversight, that. I was just glad it was pointed out to me before I went to lunch with Magdaran. It would be far easier to explain things before our meeting than to make excuses after the fact.

While Medea worked downstairs, I went upstairs to shower and change into some nice clothes. After sending Medea a ping through the wards to let her know I was departing, I exited the manor.

I summoned a small Hole over my hand, flicking the point of darkness three times before letting it fade. I waited a beat, then opened a larger Hole that I walked through. Sairaorg's estate was before me

A Hole opened in front of me before I even made it to the steps. My sister walked through it. She was wearing tight-fitting exercise apparel; sweat and dirt smeared her face.

"Balthazar," she greeted, a cold look on her face. "I was surprised to receive your message." Years ago, the two of us had worked out a bastardized morse code system so we could communicate with Hole. We could just speak to each other through our portals, but I didn't know what she was up to and didn't want to interrupt anything important. The three taps I'd sent her told her I was on my way to see her. "Tell me, brother, why did I hear of my dear little brother's ascent to High Class from the Devil Net rather than from his own lips?"

I froze midstep, slowly panning to look up at her. Yep, she looked pissed. "Umm… It slipped my mind? I kind of found myself in a bit of a situation immediately after I got home. On that note, is your King available?"


X


Sairaorg frowned as his eyes scanned the letter I'd given him. Like my sister, he too was wearing athletic apparel and showed signs of recent exertion. It would seem that I interrupted a training session. After I showed my sister Magdaran's letter, she immediately called her King. Sairaorg had invited me inside and bade me sit at his kitchen table. This was the first look he'd gotten at the letter.

"Thank you," Sairaorg said absentmindedly as Coriana put a glass of cold water on the table in front of him. She was only wearing a sports bra and high-cut compression shorts. If the situation weren't so serious, I would have been unable to stop myself from ogling her.

Coriana set another two glasses down in front of Kuisha and I, then left the room, leaving only Sairaorg, my sister and I.

Sairaorg sighed, weary, as he set the letter down. The boisterous grin he'd sported at our last meeting was not present. He looked tired, sad. "Dammit, Mag." he cursed quietly.

"He wants to publicly embarrass you." Kuisha said, eyebrows furrowed in fury.

"Not necessarily. He could just want someone at his side as capable as you're proving to be at mine." Sairaorg said quietly, like he was trying to convince himself rather than us.

"We need to prevent this."

Sairaorg shook his head. "There's not much I can do. I don't have any friends any more. They all cozied up to Mag the moment he became the Bael heir. Short of taking Balthazar into my peerage…" he turned to look at me, "I don't suppose you've changed your mind?"

"Sorry to say that I haven't."

"Then there isn't anything I can do." Sairaorg said, sounding regretful, but resolute. "Magdaran has as much of a right as I do to petition you to join his peerage. The fact that he has more backing than I do just means his offer will be more…heavy-handed."

Kuisha put her arm on mine from her seat next to me. "Bal, I know you've never enjoyed the idea of being in a peerage, but–"

"My Queen and I have already arrived at an acceptable solution."

Kuisha withdrew her hand, shocked. "Your Queen?"

Sairaorg looked at me intently. "I was under the impression you'd only just passed the High-Class test."

"You remember how I told you I had plans for my peerage, Ku? Well, I finally had an opportunity to actually act on those plans. I already reincarnated my queen, and depending on how things go during the meeting, we should be able to recruit my first knight a short time after my meeting with Heir Bael." I wasn't sure how Sairaorg felt about his brother, so I was using his title to be respectful. I doubted Sairaorg was the kind to care overly much about decorum, but I would be meeting with Magdaran personally soon. If a lowly, Pillarless devil like myself attended that meeting and talked to him like we were old buddies, I'd piss people off. Better to start practicing my kow-towing now.

As to the possibility of reincarnating my knight, I was pretty sure we could pull it off. Yes, summoning and reincarnating Medea had cost me over half of the demonic power I'd saved up over my life, but I'd been desperate, rushing. So long as the meeting with Magdaran went well, I would be able to take my time. With Medea's help improving the ritual and the experience I'd gained from finding my Queen, we should be able to find my potential knight without sacrificing nearly as much of my saved power.

"You did tell me you had plans, but I didn't know they were already in motion. You work fast, little brother." Was that a hint of hurt I detected in Kuisha's tone? Did she take me keeping the details of my plans from her as a slight?

"If you can't recruit your knight until after the meeting, then how does that help you deal with my brother?" Sairaorg asked.

"Sorry, I could have phrased that better. My prospective knight has no bearing one way or the other on how we plan to handle the meeting. I will not be joining Magdaran's peerage. Instead, I'll be petitioning him for help with a business venture my Queen and I are working on. We decided that was the best way to go about this so everyone leaves happy. I'd rather avoid making any perceived slights against heir Bael."

"Then why come here?" Sairaorg asked.

"I figured it was better that you hear all of this from me than for you to overhear Underworld gossip about how I was meeting your brother behind your back. I'd like to think we're on fairly good terms, and I didn't want to jeopardize that when all I had to do to stay on good terms was keep you informed of the situation."

Sairaorg gave me a small smile. "I appreciate that, Balthazar, but I wouldn't have held it against you. You have a right to act on your peerage's behalf without justifying yourself to anyone."

"Sure, but that doesn't mean I'm going to forget who my friends are in the process. I may not have accepted your offer to join your peerage, but that doesn't mean I don't understand and appreciate everything you were offering me, Sairaorg." If I didn't have memories from my first life, I probably would have taken Sairaorg's offer. He wasn't the Bael heir anymore, but he was a strong devil all on his own. Being his bishop would have protected me from Underworld politics. Unfortunately for him, my goals required that I expose myself to that world while standing on my own two feet. Still, Sairaorg was a good guy. I wanted to stay on good terms with him if possible.

Sairaorg chuckled. "I wouldn't have taken it personally, but thanks for stopping by anyway, and feel free to call me Sai. Your sister is my Queen. We're gonna be around each other a lot."

"Then you can call me Bal." I stood up. "Sorry for interrupting your training, but I wanted to let you know what I was up to before there were any misunderstandings. I'll get out of your hair."

"Bal, wait." I stopped as Ku called after me. She turned to Sairaorg. "I would like to meet my brother's Queen. Would you mind if I accompanied him home?"

Sairaorg shrugged. "Go for it. I'll let everyone else know where you are."

"Thank you." She stood, walking over to my side. "Shall we?"

"Do you want to shower first?"

"I can shower at the manor if I am so inclined."

"Alright then." I threw a wave Sairaorg's way. "I'll see you around, Sai."

"Take care when you meet with Magdaran, Bal. He's my brother, but he… Just be careful."

I wanted to ask exactly what Sai was warning me about, but a glare from my sister kept my mouth shut. If there was something I needed to know, she'd tell me later.

Kuisha led me outside Sairaord's mansion and I opened a Hole back home. As we emerged in front of the manor, I sent two pings through the wards. Medea and I hadn't had time to discuss how to let each other know about unexpected guests, but hopefully she would understand that I had someone with me.

I led Kuisha into the house and into the dining room.

Rather than sitting down, Kuisha walked over to where Medea had been sitting this morning and picked up the wine bottle that was still on the table, swishing it gently in her hand. The bottle was almost empty.

"Bal, please tell me my absence hasn't driven you to become a drunkard." Kuisha said, a tired look in her eyes.

"My Queen and I were celebrating her reincarnation. This is not a regular thing."

Kuisha shook her head and set the bottle back down. A third figure swept into the room immediately after, preventing me from having to continue discussing the topic of alcohol with my sister, a fact I was grateful for.

Medea was still wearing her dark cloak and purple dress, but she'd pulled her hood back up, hiding her hair and her ears. My sister looked her up and down with an appraising eye as she entered the room.

"Kuisha, allow me to introduce my Queen…" I trailed off.

Medea flowed into the room, extending a hand in greeting to my sister as she picked up her introduction where I left off. "I'm Caster. It's good to meet you, Kuisha. I've been looking forward to meeting my King's sister. He's told me about you, but it's nice to put a name to the face."

I held back a sigh of relief as the two women shook hands. It's not that I didn't trust my sister, but I really didn't want anyone to know I'd reincarnated Medea of Colchis as my Queen. That would cause a significant number of issues. Judging by the way Medea introduced herself, it seemed she shared my position. That, or she was following my lead. Either way, I was grateful.

Kuisha's eyes were narrowed as she held Medea's gaze. "I wish I could say the same. Imagine my surprise when my brother told me he found his Queen today, not a week after passing the High Class test."

Medea's smile sharpened. "Oh? Well my King has been very busy recently. I'm sure he meant no offense to you."

Kuisha's posture was cold, confrontational as she said, "I took care of him as he grew. I know better than anyone how little he got out of the house, how few interactions he had with anyone who wasn't me. Who are you, and what are your intentions towards my brother?"

"Kuisha…" I tried to cut in gently, heading off this brewing storm before it could coalesce.

Medea raised a halting hand towards me, not breaking eye contact with my sister. "Thank you, my King, I can speak for myself. Balthazar saved my life. He has nothing to fear from me."

Kuisha pursed her lips. "See to it that doesn't change. I intend to continue this conversation at a later date, but there are other matters to discuss." She turned her back on Medea and walked back towards the table.

I felt tension bleed out of me. It would have been really ugly if my sister and my Queen decided to have it out in the dining room. I wasn't sure what I would have even done in such a situation, hidden behind a chair most likely.

Kuisha sat down at the table. I sat across from her. Medea, though, remained standing. She stepped up behind me and laid a hand on my shoulder.

Kuisha's shot Medea an irritated glare before focusing back on me. "You told Sai you're planning a business venture? Tell me the details."

"Well–" I started only to be cut off by Medea.

"Respectfully, this venture has the potential to be very lucrative for my King. If we shared every detail of our plan with you, it is very likely you would be able to take his ideas and beat us to the market."

"You think I'd steal from my brother?"

"I think I need to protect my King from the possibility."

"Can we call a truce here?" I asked, cutting into their staredown. "I understand we didn't get off on the best foot, but we're all on the same side here. Let's get through the meeting with Heir Bael, then we can sort out whatever this is. Sound good?"

"I am perfectly content to put these minor insults behind us." Medea said, smiling sweetly down at Kuisha.

Kuisha took a deep breath. "I wasn't asking what you were trying to do to steal your idea, Bal, I want to know if being attached to it could give Magdaran political pull. Sai is a great King, but he has no interest in playing politics. He thinks he will be able to carve a future for us with pure strength. He trains even more than you do, pushing us to grow stronger with him. He's right that devils value strength, but that alone won't be enough."

"What does this have to do with my business?" I said, watching my sister carefully. Growing up, I would occasionally catch glimpses of what I'd mentally dubbed her 'plotting face'. She was definitely plotting something right now.

"I don't need to know the details of what you're planning, Bal, but I need to know if it will put Magdaran in a strong position politically."

I shared a look with Medea. Her lips were pursed, considering.

Turning back to my sister, I said, "Depending on whether or not he agrees to help us, how much support he gives and how quickly we establish ourselves, it certainly could."

"Then don't let him help you." Kuisha said, pressing on before either Medea or I could speak. "With Sai's mother falling victim to the sleeping sickness, he was granted her estate and wealth. It isn't as vast as a Pillar's resources, but it eclipses what our house left behind for us. Sai put me in charge of his assets because he knows I will be able to use them more effectively than he can. Meet with Magdaran, make him an offer to partner with you. Give him time to think about it, then partner with us before he gets back to you. I know you, Bal. You only keep quiet about things that you believe can benefit from. I'd initially thought you were overestimating yourself…" She slowly looked up at Medea. "But I don't think that's the case anymore."

"The whole point of offering him a stake in the business was to avoid pissing him off. This? This will be worse than if I'd refused to meet with him. Rather than mildly annoying him, it'll be akin to if I'd slapped him in the face." I said, carefully controlling my expression. I think I had an idea where Kuisha was going with this, but I wasn't sure.

"No less than he'd attempted to do to Sai by recruiting you."

Medea's voice cut in before I could respond. "I understand my King is your brother, but you are asking him to make a powerful enemy for no benefit. Magdaran Bael's intent was to shame your King, not mine. Why should we do as you ask?"

Kuisha looked between the two of us as she spoke. "In the short term, you would have the Bael heir as an enemy, but in the long term? You'd have the Bael heir indebted to you."

"You want to get Sairaorg reinstated as the heir." It seemed I was right with my guess. My sister wanted her King to reclaim his lost title. It made sense. If Sairaorg became heir Bael once more, her own status and influence would skyrocket. She would be the Queen of the Bael Heir's peerage. Further, she was a pureblood devil with a respected name and a bloodline power. If Sairaorg shared the crush she had for him, she was in a position to one day become Lady Bael.

Holding Kuisha's gaze, I said, "While that would definitely be advantageous for a lot of reasons," Debts and my burgeoning friendship with Sai aside, having my sister as head of the strongest Pillar in the Underworld and being part of the reason she got there would be an amazing position to be in. "I'd be taking on a lot of risk here. I've seen some grumbling on the Devil Net, but nothing that would suggest Sairaorg was in a position to reclaim his heirship from Magdaran anytime soon. My disrespecting him won't do much to change that one way or the other. I could be at odds with the Baels for quite a while if I did what you asked, and there's no guarantee you'll even succeed."

"Then help me, Bal. You stand to gain just as much from this as I do. With the Bael's resources, we could restore our family's position. We could elevate the house of Abaddon, becoming nobility equal to the Pillars."

"I'm perfectly capable of seeing all the benefits to having my sister as Lady of the Great King Pillar. That doesn't change the fact that this would likely take centuries to come to fruition when I have yet to even establish myself. I need myself and my peerage in a position where we'll be safe before agreeing to make Magdaran an enemy."

Kuisha grinned victoriously. "But you would be willing to support me against him?"

"I have to do what's best for myself and my peerage. If, in the future, that includes weakening Magdaran to allow Sai to once more be heir, then I would do that in the future. I'm currently too weak and inconsequential to do much against him."

Medea lightly squeezed my shoulder as she spoke up. "We will need a full peerage and independent wealth before we can reach a decision. We will keep your goals in mind, Kuisha, but for now, I believe it would be best if you left. My King and I have a lot to talk about."

Kuisha frowned at the rather abrupt dismissal, but gave a jerky nod. "You can reach out to me at any time to discuss this. I'd also ask that you forward any prospective peerage members you yourself are not interested in. Sai is still searching for powerful people to reincarnate. It will be much easier for me to show him as the better option if he has a full peerage." She stood, nodding to Medea and I. "Good luck with your meeting with Magdaran, little brother. I look forward to continuing our discussion, Caster." Her parting words said, she left the room. Medea and I waited in silence until we felt Kuisha depart through the wards.

"What do you think of her proposal?" I asked. I'd gone looking for Medea for her input on matters such as these. It would be dumb not to ask her opinion.

"There are benefits and drawbacks to each path. With the ritual you used to find me, we do not need to concern ourselves with the Baels using their political might to prevent you from recruiting for your peerage, but it could benefit us to appear to be close to them. By doing business with them, we would have access to more information and trust than we would have otherwise. We could use that to aid your sister's goal if we wanted."

"And we'd be in a strong position regardless of whether her plans fell apart or not." I supplied.

"There is that as well, master."

I rolled my head back to look up at her with a raised eyebrow. "No more, 'my King'?"

She smiled playfully. "You're my King in public, and my master in private."

I snorted. "If that's how you want it, sure. So long as you're happy."

"What do you want to do, master?"

I drummed my fingers on the table as I considered my options. I didn't want to make an enemy of Magdaran right now, so I wasn't going to follow along with my sister's plan. That was too shortsighted. I'd initially wanted to avoid working with Magdaran, but Medea was right. If I wanted to help my sister, being closer to her enemy would be the best way to go about it.

I jumped, startled as Medea's hands came to rest on my head.

"You're frowning too much, master."

I sighed euphorically, closing my eyes and leaning into her touch as her fingers began caressing small circles into my head. Whatever she was doing right now had to be magic. It felt like she was literally massaging away the stress.

"Thanks, Medea."

"Of course, master. Have you made up your mind?"

"We'll try to get Magdaran to partner with us. It'll help us build up the business faster and let us keep an eye on him. It might give him a minor political boost, but in the long term we'll probably be able to get more out of being close to him then he'll be able to get out of us. If Kuisha's plans fall through, we'll still be in a good position. While we're building the business, we'll need to build up our peerage. I have enough power stored up for at least one more trek out beyond the Dimensional Gap, but it would probably be a good idea to start looking for candidates locally as well in case this next jaunt eats through the last of my reserves. I have some ideas on that front, but they'll take some looking into."

"I have some ideas in that vein as well, but don't worry about it right now. We can wait until your meeting with the Bael heir is concluded before making any final decisions. You still haven't fully recovered from summoning me. Rest, master. I'll wake you up with plenty of time for you to prepare for your lunch with Magdaran."

I sighed again, feeling a sudden drowsiness come over me. "Thank you, Medea. I picked…the best Queen."

Sleep claimed me. My worries could all wait for tomorrow.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, sables and 2,280 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 1, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 4
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 2, 2025
Add bookmark
#200
Intellectually, I'd known the Bael Estate would be large. The Bael family was the most influential in the Underworld, it would make sense that their wealth and lands would be equal to those of some weather factions. I was not ready for what that meant in practice.

The invitation Magdaran sent me had instructions for how I would arrive. The letter itself would serve as my transportation, pulling me to the House Bael at the scheduled time. What greeted me as I teleported was a massive castle the likes of which I'd never seen. The castle alone was the size of a large town, to say nothing of the lands beyond it. There were two women in formal maids apparel waiting for me. They greeted me and led me into the castle, through towering doors and into an entrance hall with marble floors and ceilings that were as high as skyscrapers were tall. We passed a number of guards and other staff who acknowledged me respectfully as they went about their work.

The maids led me through a maze of halls and corridors until we came to a small room on the third level with an attached balcony. The doorway to the balcony was lined with white flowers woven together. The room itself held a number of potted plants of various kinds – more flowers, saplings, even a cactus – there didn't seem to be much of a theme to the collection.

I was relieved when I saw where we would be eating. There were only two chairs set at the table. We wouldn't be in a grand dining hall with a large audience. I didn't expect to be left alone with Magdaran due to security concerns, but I was glad this would be a somewhat private affair. It also showed me that Magdaran was the one calling the shots here. He might have been pressured to call this meeting by his parents, but he was the one I would be dealing with. That made things a lot easier for me.

"Please sit, sir." One of the maids said, motioning to a chair as the second poured steaming tea from a pot into a cup. "I will inform Lord Magdaran that you have arrived. Please wait here." She left while the second maid offered me hors d'oeuvres while I waited. I politely refused. After telling me to ask if I needed anything, the maid stepped away into the corner of the room. It would seem she, and likely the other maid, would be here for the meeting. Neither of them looked all that intimidating, but I imagined they were both incredibly powerful. Earning a place on the Bael family's staff would secure a low-class devil's future. It was probably highly competitive, meaning the maids were all highly capable and likely able to defend their charges, at least long enough for the guards to swarm any potential threats. I wasn't planning on making trouble, so I hopefully wouldn't have an opportunity to test that theory.

"Balthazar?"

I stood up and bowed as the maid returned with a young man walking in front of her. Magdaran appeared to be in his mid-teens. It was like looking at a younger, unmuscled Sairaorg, complete with the same black hair and purple eyes.

"Heir Bael, thank you for the invitation."

"Please, none of that. You can just call me Magdaran. Feel free to sit. Our salad course should be here soon." Magdaran said. He was soft spoken, polite.

I waited for Magdaran to sit across from me, then took my own seat. I took note of one of the maids standing just behind Magdaran while the other was behind me where I couldn't see her. Perfect positioning to protect their heir and strike me from behind if the situation called for it. Or maybe I was making something out of nothing. I was a little stressed. I wanted this meeting to go well.

"Congratulations for your promotion to High Class, Balthazar. I watched the recording of your fight. It was impressive. It was the most entertaining from the test despite how brief it was."

"Thank you. I was glad to receive my Evil Pieces." Was he scouting for peerage members watching the High Class tournament? If so, I could have avoided all of this by testing at a different time. But it was what it was, no use whining now.

A man in a tuxedo entered the room with a tray. He set a small bowl of salad in front of Magdaran and I then left as swiftly as he entered.

"Lets dig in. Our chefs are some of the best around. I'm sure you'll be impressed." Magdaran said, picking up his fork.

I followed his lead, slowly eating my salad. It was good, but I wasn't really here for the food.

"I imagine you're wondering why I invited you here." Magdaran said in between bites.

"I have a few ideas."

"Then I'll just cut to the chase. What would it take for you to agree to be my Queen?"

I was a little taken aback by the offer. I'd been expecting him to offer me a bishop. Still, that wouldn't change my decision.

Choosing to be direct, I said, "I'm sorry, Magdaran, but I do not wish to join your peerage."

He pursed his lips, setting his fork aside, salad unfinished. "I have a lot I can offer you. Will you let me try to change your mind?"

"You are welcome to try, but I am firm in my position." I didn't want to be rude, but leading him on and being insincere would just piss him off. It was better I was clear about my intentions here. If he wanted to try to convince me, he was more than welcome to, but nothing would come of it.

"Can I ask why?"

"There are a few reasons. The most important of which is that I plan to open a business venture. I will need to dedicate my time fully to that. I won't be able to fulfill my duties in a peerage or regularly attend Rating Games."

"A business venture?" He seemed intrigued.

"Yes, without saying too much, I plan to use Hole to facilitate rapid shipping and selling of select items."

He frowned, pondering. "Hole is well suited to such, but if you're planning to compete with other shipping companies, I don't see how you could oust them. Simple teleportation is easy enough to use and everyone has access to it."

"The main advantage is that I'll be operating alone for at least the start. Without Hole, I would have to teleport every item individually. It wouldn't be hard or cost me anything, but I wouldn't be able to send nearly as many items in one day because it would be so time consuming. I'd inevitably have to start paying other people to help me. Since I can use Hole to open multiple, instant portals around the world simultaneously, I won't have to worry about paying others to distribute my products when I can do it myself. From what I have been able to see, that is one of the largest obstacles to getting established. I can negate those initial costs completely, but I'll need to work almost 24/7. I won't have time for anything else."

Further, after experimenting with Hole, I'd found I could open stable portals so long as I continued to sustain them with Demonic Power. Factories weren't as common today as they were in the past, but there were still some that were operational. How much time and productivity would they save by being able to just push half-complete builds through a portal to the next part of an assembly line rather than teleporting each part individually. I intended to sell my services once I was established.

"What if I helped with your business?" Magdaran said. "I have independent wealth from some herbs and cures I've made. You wouldn't need to handle all transport yourself. Provided I was interested in your product, of course. What did you say you planned to sell?"

I smiled. "I didn't. I've been keeping that to myself for the time being."

Magdaran seemed amused. "Well now I'm really curious. I don't suppose you could give me a hint?"

"My Queen is a very capable woman. She will be my main supplier. That is all I am at liberty to say to anyone who is not a partner."

Magdaran frowned, taken aback. "Your Queen? But you just passed the High Class test."

"I've been working on recruiting my Queen for a long time. The final piece needed was, funny enough, the actual Evil Piece to reincarnate her."

Our conversation halted as the man in the tuxedo returned, taking our salads away and leaving a piece of baked fish behind. It looked like cod, but there was something off about it. It could just be really high end cod. I bought the cheap stuff.

"If your Queen is your only source of supply right now, you'll run out of things to sell quickly. That's the downside to your higher distribution speed." Magdaran commented, taking a bite of his fish.

"That's true. It is also why I plan to try to sell my services." I said. I was already aware of this. It was one of the main reasons I wanted to work as a middle man. It would be a lot easier for me to buy other people's products then sell them rapidly to someone else than to make things myself. The simple fact of the matter was, I could transport far more than I could actually make use of. Another reason I wanted to sell my services, but I needed to show using my way was viable before people would even consider switching away from simple teleportation.

"While that would fix the problem, I doubt anyone would be willing to take you up on your offer. I'm not the most experienced, but what little business I've done has shown me that your colleagues will be very controlling of their stock and their profits. Your methods might be superior to thie own, but not so much so as to convince them to give you control over their distribution. It would give you far too much power over them."

That…admittedly could prove to be an issue. Not as large an issue as it could have been before since Medea could produce magical items for me, but my original plan was to sell myself as a supernatural courier service. If I had no takers, it would be hard to work that way.

"With that said," Magdaran continued. "I'd be interested in hiring you."

That caused me to focus on him, a bite of fish forgotten. "In what capacity?"

Magdaran looked to the side, holding out a hand. One of the white flowers woven into the arch of the door to the balcony unwound itself, drifting through the air into his waiting hand. There was a small, happy smile on his face as he slowly twirled the flower between his fingers. "I'm a botanist. Not to sound arrogant, but I'm a very good botanist. I've already made several breakthroughs in medicine, minor though they may be, and I'm close to making advances in other areas. The problem with medicine is that it's more valuable in the sunlit world than the supernatural. We have magical healers. Humans don't. Of course, finding people willing to transport small quantities of products to the mortal world is difficult because it isn't profitable enough."

Magdaran locked eyes with me. "I'm confident the projects I am working on currently will be profitable in the supernatural world, but I still need some time to work through some things. In the meantime, I suggest we help one-another. You would transport my goods. I would help you establish your business and supply you with a larger quantity of products to sell."

That sounded pretty good actually. When I came here, I was planning on bartering percentage ownership of my business. This, a simple collaboration between two distinctly separate entities, was far preferable. "We'd need to go over the details, but I'm definitely interested in such an arrangement."

Magdaran smiled, warm and pleased. "I'm glad. While I admit that I would be disappointed to leave this lunch without a new Queen, I would be happy to say I had a new friend at its conclusion. Returning to that topic, I recall you said there were multiple reasons you intended to refuse my offer. Your business and your own burgeoning peerage are clearly two of those reasons. Were there others?"

I took a bite of fish, slowly chewing to buy myself a moment to think. The fish was good, but the taste was far from my thoughts at present.

From this brief discussion with Magdaran, I was beginning to think I'd judged him wrong. In fairness to myself, all I had to go on were some cryptic words from Sairaorg and the letter he sent me, but he didn't appear to be a manipulative, spiteful man willing to steal away his brother's birthright for power. He seemed like a regular guy.

"Another fairly large reason is my relationship with your brother." I said, carefully watching Magdaran's face to gauge his reaction.

Magdaran froze, pinching the flower in his hands unconsciously. He quickly recovered, setting the white bloom down on the table next to his plate. "You and Sai are friends, then?"

I noted the use of his brother's nickname, filing it away for later. "I don't think we've spent enough time together to be called friends, but we're on good terms. My sister is his Queen. If for no other reason than that, it serves us both to treat each other well."

Magdaran was staring down at the flower on the table. "There are many reasons I wanted to make you my Queen, Balthazar. I saw your fight and wondered what else you were capable of if you could defeat a devil with a Sacred Gear so easily. You also have an older sibling around the same age as Sai, so I thought we might be able to get along better. You seemed interesting. But if I'm honest, your sister being Sai's Queen was a pretty big reason." He looked up at me, an almost apologetic look on his face. "I thought if our Queens were siblings, Sai and I would be forced to interact more frequently."

"I'm…not sure I understand." I said, not entirely following what he was saying. Was he trying to say he wanted an excuse to be closer to his brother? Hadn't he taken the heirship from Sairaorg though? I would've thought he'd be at odds with Sai.

Magdaran sighed. "My relationship with my brother is…complicated. That is almost entirely my fault. I made several mistakes in the past pursuing… Well, it's unimportant now. Suffice to say I have many regrets about our current situation and wanted to try to…if not fix things, at least make them better."

Well this was certainly unexpected. I'd come to this meeting expecting to meet a little brat who hated his older brother and wanted everything to go his way. I hadn't expected to meet a young man who looked more tired and regretful than happy. There was potential here.

"I won't pretend to know the full details of your relationship with Sairaorg, but if you wish to…improve things between you, I'd be willing to help. If you and I will be working together going forward, then we'll have a chance to get to know each other better. I was planning on giving my sister's peerage preferential rates, so there's opportunity there as well." While a single conversation wasn't enough to get to know someone, Magdaran looked like he didn't exactly enjoy the current state of his life. Kuisha wanted Sai to get his heirship back and was willing to work underhanded to accomplish that goal, but there might be another way.

Magdaran had a soft smile on his face. "I think… I think I'd like that."

Conversation stalled once more as the tuxedo guy returned, he had to be a butler, taking away our fish plates and leaving a small cake of some sort behind. This was probably the fanciest lunch I'd been to, complete with three courses and servants doting on your every need. Lunch to me was typically a sandwich or leftovers, but this seemed very informal by Bael standards. If this was casual, what did Magdaran consider formal? Differences in status came with vast differences in lifestyle.

"So tell me about your Queen, Balthazar. If you were ready to reincarnate her before receiving your Evil Pieces, you must know her from before, right?"

"Something like that." I said with an amused grin. "She likes her privacy, so I hesitate to say too much, but we get along well and she enjoys using magic. She is one of the better mages that I've met."

Magdaran made a considering sound. "High praise, but then she'd have to be impressive to earn your Queen piece much in the same way your sister caught my brother's eye and you mine." He fixed me with a sly grin. "I don't suppose the cake has made you change your mind about accepting my offer? If you agree to let me reincarnate you, you have my word that it will be served at every meal."

I chuckled, genuinely amused. "As delicious as it is, it regretfully has not changed my mind."

"Shame. Well, even if I leave here without a Queen, I think this meeting was rather successful. I'm interested in working with you, but I need to consult some people first. Would you be amenable to meeting with me at a later date to go over details?"

Feeling our lunch drawing to a close, I said, "Of course. I will be very busy in the near future as I work to set everything up, but I will make time for you."

Magdaran shook his head. "Don't worry too much about it. My schedule is open. I can modify it to accommodate yours." He stood, an action I copied, and walked around the table to extend his hand. "It was a pleasure to meet you, Balthazar Abaddon. Thank you for coming. I will send you another letter when I am prepared to move forward on my end."

"Thank you for having me. I look forward to your correspondence." I said as I shook his hand.

"Until then." He gave me a parting nod and left, one of the maids going with him.

The second maid stepped forward and requested I follow her. She escorted me back through the halls of the Bael estate until we exited out the front door. A teleportation circle spread out from under us, whisking us away to the center of a busy street. Were we in Lucifaad?

"Thank you for your attendance today, sir. I wish you a pleasant day." With that, the maid teleported away, leaving me alone in the city.

I pursed my lips, considering how that had gone. From my perspective, it looked as if things couldn't have gone much better, but I needed a second opinion. I held up my hand to open a Hole home, pausing as I saw a shop a short distance down the street.

I smiled, letting my hand fall as I walked towards the shop. I was in town anyway, so I might as well, right?


X


Balthazar had been gone for a while now. Medea didn't like staying behind while he went to talk to the heir of the most manipulative pillar in the Underworld, but she knew that showing up unannounced would not reflect well on her master. Besides, he would be fine. She'd extensively researched the Bael pillar while he was sleeping and she felt she had a pretty clear picture of things. They wouldn't want to push Balthazar too hard, at least during opening talks, and he was dealing with the heir instead of the lord, so that was an added layer of protection.

Rather than pace the halls waiting for him to return, Medea had decided to be productive. The most pressing issue, and the first she dealt with, was the wards around the manor. Now they were more than just passable. Using the Demonic Power her reincarnation had granted her, and wasn't a new way to use magic just amazing, she'd created a territory that she would be confident repelling all but the strongest threats in. No one would be able to challenge them here.

With that done, she got to work setting up a workspace in Balthazar's lab where she could craft magical items. She didn't need a very impressive workspace to create the items she would be selling, but she would need such a space for when Balthazar found his new peerage members. She expected she would be tasked with providing them with equipment, a task she was happy to shoulder. As she'd come to learn, the Queen's role in the peerage was the King's right hand. She would be looked to to lead the peerage when Balthazar was indisposed and similarly have to shoulder certain political responsibilities. She would be ready.

Once her workspace was done, Medea didn't really know what to do. She could get started making some minor magical items, but she didn't have many materials. She could break some things down, but it was probably better to wait to go purchase raw materials. That left Medea with nothing to do until Balthazar got back. At least until she got an idea.

Balthazar had explained to her the method through which he summoned her. Using the properties of his bloodline magic combined with a ritual of his own design and a store of demonic power he'd cultivated over the years, he'd reached across worlds to find her. He'd spent his whole life saving up power and had used most of it to find her as she lay dying in the mud. If he hadn't reached out, she would be dead.

Medea forced the dark thoughts away, focusing back on the ritual itself. It was impressive. Medea had already corrected several imperfections and flaws Balthazar had made when designing it, but for one so inexperienced, it was a masterpiece. Still, it was a costly ritual. Balthazar was older and more powerful than when he initially stored up the power he used to save her, so it would take less time for him to store up more, even less time if Medea contributed some of her own power as she was willing to do, but the ritual still carried risk. There was a possibility they would not be able to find Balthazar's target as they searched through the infinite, using up their store of power and forcing them to wait until they'd stored up enough to try again.

They needed more allies, Balthazar needed to recruit more peerage members, but it was possible the ritual might fail, forcing them to wait. Balthazar had said he had ideas about recruiting new members 'locally', but he had, rightly, been focused on his meeting with Magdaran and failed to share them with Medea. She was confident he would, but for now, she was left exploring the only potential path available to her.

Medea left the manor, flying a fair distance away from the structure in case anything went horribly wrong. She was confident in her abilities, but she didn't want the house to break by accident. That would be awkward to explain to Balthazar. Once she was far enough away to be confident the house wouldn't be at risk while still being within the safety net provided by the wards she had painstakingly constructed, Medea called forth an item.

A thick hide of golden wool like a fluffy, shiny cloud appeared, draped over her hands.

Medea pursed her lips. She wasn't certain this was going to work. She wasn't able to make use of this item before due to her lack of knowledge surrounding the summoning of Phantasmal Beasts. She could manage her familiars just fine, even now the forests surrounding the Abaddon manor were thick with her spies, but greater monstrosities such as this were beyond her. Still, there was a chance she could actually make use of the hide now, albeit not a way she'd have ever thought.

Medea gently laid the hide down on the grass, spread wide in front of her as she knelt in front of it. She couldn't summon the dead guardian when she was a Heroic Spirit, but she was a devil in a new world now. Things had changed.

Medea channeled magic into the hide, trying to find some purchase for her new magic, exploiting her devil magic's reliance on her imagination to the fullest. She willed something to happen.

The hide remained in front of her, unchanged. Medea remained alone in the field, no great dragon appearing before her. But something had happened.

The hide disappeared into motes of energy as Medea flew back towards the manor, practically sprinting into the basement. She pulled some potions and ingredients off the shelves, making a mental note to tell Balthazar she'd used his supplies later. She found an open space on the ground and began etching a scrying circle into the ground. Once it was prepared, she activated it, projecting her awareness beyond the bounds of the Underworld into the mortal realm.

There were many peculiarities that had fascinated Medea about this new world she found herself in. Those first few hours she'd spent pouring through the Devil Net, she'd learned a lot, seen a lot. People from ages past were known to reincarnate in this world. The Age of Gods never ended. Gods walked among mortals with the mortals none the wiser. There was a startling lack of skilled mystical craftsman for a world where gods still roamed. When Medea had tried to find details about magical items, the most common results she found detailed one particular kind.

Sacred Gears. Powerful items created by the God – Ow! She was still getting used to that. Why could she say gods to refer to other pantheons but she couldn't say God – Ow! Whatever.

Sacred Gears were powerful items created by that guy that bound to the souls of their human users. When their host died, the Sacred Gear would drift for a time before binding itself to another wielder. Sacred Gears varied in power. Some allowed mortals to challenge gods. Some Sacred Gears couldn't protect a human from other humans. There was a large disparity in power.

The stronger Sacred Gears all had something unique about them. Some were important historical artifacts imbued with that guy's power. Some were able to spawn entire armies. Some housed the captured souls of powerful creatures, lending the user the trapped creature's power.

How interesting. Medea had seen from her research that the history of this world and that of her own were not identical. For one, the gods abandoned her world long ago. She had just discovered another, more minor difference that was far more personal to her.

It would appear that a certain dragon she'd met in life had found itself trapped in a Sacred Gear. How amusing.

Any further investigation would have to wait for later. Medea felt Balthazar return through the wards and rushed upstairs to greet him.

"Master!" Medea called, exploding out the front door. "The meeting, did it…" She trailed off, tilting her head in confusion. Why was he carrying so many bags?

"Hey, Medea!" He was happy. That was a good sign, right? "It went just about as well as it could have. I need to meet with my sister soon to go over some stuff with her, but that can wait a bit. I'll fill you in first."

"Master, what is all that?"

"This?" He hefted the bags up. "The Bael maids dropped me off in Lucifaad, so I figured I'd do some shopping. I got groceries and some basic materials so you can start making things if you want. Also…" He rummaged around one of the bags. "This is for you. I wasn't sure what your favorite was, so I got one of the ones that has a bit of everything."

Medea slowly reached out and took the dark box wrapped in red ribbon. She unwound the ribbon and opened the box. Chocolate. She tried one. It was good.

"Thank you, master." Medea said, turning around to hide the red dusting her cheeks, and the two other chocolates she popped into her mouth. They were really good.

"Come on," Balthazar said, "I'll let you know how the meeting went."

"Of course, master. I have something to share with you too." Medea wasn't sure how they'd be able to use the information she'd found, but they would be able to use it.

"Oh?" He seemed interested. "Well I'm all ears. Once we're done filling each other in, let's take the night off. I bought some movies while I was in Lucifaad. Have you seen Dragonheart?"

Medea was taken aback. A movie? She knew what they were of course, but she'd yet to watch one. "No."

"Then you're watching it tonight. I'll fill you in on the meeting while I make popcorn, then we can take the rest of the night off."

Medea followed him into the kitchen. They discussed the various happenings and discoveries that had occurred during the day, then settled down on the couch in front of a TV, a bowl of shared popcorn in Balthazar's lap.

Medea had never seen a movie before, and she loved it. The story, the characters, the humor, the surprisingly emotional conclusion – it was far more entertaining than she had expected when Balthazar told her they'd be watching a movie.

As the film progressed, Medea slowly inched closer to Balthazar on the couch until the two were sitting side by side. Near the end of the movie, Balthazar wrapped his arm around her shoulders. Medea leaned into him, thankful that her hood was blocking his view of her face.

It was a good night.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, sables and 2,267 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 2, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 5
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#271
Movie night with Medea was a much needed break from all the stress I'd felt for the past week. I went from the High Class test, to digging through the Blind Eternities, to going to a stressful meeting that turned out to be not that stressful at all. I was wound tight, and some time watching a good movie with good company was just what the doctor ordered.

We had a brief chat while the popcorn was popping about my meeting with Magdaran. She agreed with my tentative assessment of the situation. We were going to move forward with our plan to do business with him, but we'd still keep an eye out for any underhanded plays. After meeting Magdaran, I didn't think he was the type, but it was possible he was a better actor than I gave him credit for, or that his family would try to pull something without his knowledge. I should be too small time for Lord Bael or Zekram to take an interest in at present, but a little caution never hurts.

It was a little ironic I'd bought a movie about a dragon considering what Medea had told me right before watching said movie. As for what we were going to do about it, I still wasn't sure. She'd been able to locate a Sacred Gear holder somewhere in France whose Sacred Gear contained the Colchian Dragon that she encountered while traveling with the Argonauts, DXD's version of said dragon anyway. We didn't have much more detail at present, but she was working on getting more.

I'd never seen this specific Sacred Gear in the anime, so we'd be going in blind. It wasn't exactly ideal, but metaknowledge couldn't be relied on for everything. The question was whether or not we even wanted to approach the Sacred Gear holder to attempt to recruit them. I knew of many interesting individuals from the anime that we could recruit, but I'd held off on that for a couple of reasons.

For one, I didn't have much in the way of offerings to convince people to join my peerage. That was one of the advantages of my scrying ritual and trips beyond the Dimensional Gap with Hole. I could find people in a position where accepting a deal to become a Devil would be considered a good option compared to their present circumstances. It was manipulative, but it was the only card I really had to play.

Another reason I hadn't approached some individuals who would be easier to recruit was simply because I didn't really like them. Issei Hyoudou would be the easiest person in the world to recruit. Tell him devils could have harems and that there were lots of hot devils and he'd throw his soul at you. I just… I didn't think I'd be able to keep my sanity if I had to spend a lot of time around him. I'd actually considered telling Sairaorg about him for some goodwill, but I didn't want that guy anywhere near my sister. I'd figure out something else for how to benefit from knowing the identity of the Boosted Gear's holder. I had a lot of time left before canon started, so I didn't need to rush things.

Then there was the fact that reincarnating some of the people I'd thought of would make me some very dangerous enemies. Did I want Sephiroth Graal? Absolutely. Did I want the entire Tepes Clan calling for my head? Not particularly.

On the other hand, I really did need more allies. So far, it was just Medea and I. The two of us were having to build a business from the ground up by ourselves. We needed help, and some extra power on our side wouldn't hurt. I'd be able to afford making some enemies if I had a stronger peerage behind me, which would allow me to start making bolder moves. I would come to a decision when Medea came to me with more information than the Sacred Gear holder's approximate location. For now, I had to meet with my sister.

Arriving in front of Sairaorg's mansion, I followed the instructions my sister had given me and headed around the back of the house. Off in the distance behind the house, I could make out what looked to be a small coliseum-like structure. I opened a Hole and was there in a single step.

"I'm here…I think." I said, opening another Hole next to my mouth.

"Fly up to the top. I'm in the observation area." my sister's voice responded.

I closed the Hole and manifested my wings, taking flight up the wall until I was over the structure.

The structure was built into a square with a large dirt field in the middle of the box shape. Currently, there were two giant monsters thrashing against one another in the field down below.

I paused in mid-air to watch the spectacle of a brown scaled dragon slamming a giant golden lion into the ground. The lion rolled to its feet and pounced, slashing at the dragon with its claws.

When Kuisha had told me she was overseeing some of the peerage's training, I hadn't expected this. The lion was obviously Regulus, but since when did Sairaorg have a dragon in his peerage?

Still watching the dragon attempt to burn the lion alive with fire, I slowly floated over to an elevated platform with a viewing box overlooking the field.

"Impressive, aren't they?" Kuisha said with an amused smile as I landed next to her.

"I don't even… Where'd the dragon come from?"

"You've already met." Kuisha said. She sounded like she was enjoying my reaction far too much. "That is Ladora. The lion is Regulus."

Sparing a moment's glance away from the sight of a golden lion trying to pin a dragon to the ground, I turned to my sister and said, "Ladora can turn into a dragon?" Was that in the anime and I'd just forgotten it? To be fair, I never really knew most of Sairaorg's peerage. The only ones that stuck in my memory were Regulus because he was the Nemean Lion and Kuisha because of Hole.

"His family's magic allows him to tame dragons. After rigorous training, they can also learn to become dragons themselves. He has only recently unlocked this ability." Kuisha explained.

"That is undeniably cool." I said, more than a little jealous. Who wouldn't want to be able to turn into a dragon?

"Wishing you'd been born a Buné, brother?"

"Hardly," I said, giving her a flat look. "I may not be able to turn into a dragon, but this," I created a Hole above my hand. "Is far batter." Could Ladora reach through the Dimensional Gap to reincarnate the best Queen in the Underworld? No. No he could not.

"It's good to see you, Bal. Judging by how cheerful you are, I would assume your meeting with Magdaran went well?"

I let out a sigh. "Down to business, huh? We can't watch the giant lion and the giant dragon try to kill each other just a little longer?"

"You are perfectly capable of watching the lion and dragon try to kill each other while we talk. Now tell me what happened at the meeting."

I leaned against the railing in the viewing box, watching as the dragon's claws scraped harmlessly off the lion's tough hide. "Nothing is set in stone yet, but It's all but guaranteed Magdaran and I will go into business together."

Kuisha's expression went blank. "I see. I don't suppose you'd be willing to reconsider that? Sairaorg's wealth can support you just as well as Magdaran's."

"It's not just money. Magdaran has some botanical stuff he wants to throw into the deal, and that'll help me bolster my stock of goods a bit. Besides, I don't think we need to take any overt action against him to accomplish your goal."

Kuisha frowned. "What do you mean?"

"He didn't offer me his bishop. He wanted me to be his Queen. We talked a little bit about the reasons he wanted me as his Queen and he said a big one was you being my sister."

"How does that factor?"

"He said it would be easier to approach his brother to mend bridges if both of their Queens got along well. I think…" I shook my head. "This is speculation, but I think he's regretting his decision to push Sai out of his position as heir. He didn't strike me as a prideful, power-hungry guy. He just seemed tired of all the politicking. When we weren't talking about hard topics he was a pretty cool guy."

"Could it have been an act?" Kuisha's entire focus was on me as she adopted a deep thinking expression. She totally missed Regulus grab Ladora's tail in his mouth and use it to toss the dragon across the arena like a sack of potatoes. The lion pounced on top of the dragon and pinned it, letting out a triumphant roar.

I shrugged. "It's possible. I didn't spend an awful lot of time with him, but it felt genuine. I'll probably be able to get a better picture of his feelings on the whole thing as I work with him on our business."

Kuisha's eyebrows were furrowed. She lightly tapped out a sharp rhythm on the railing. "This… If he really is having regrets, that would make things much easier for me. It would also be much better for Sai." She laid a hand on my arm, then smiled and pulled me into a hug.

I was a little surprised, but accepted it easily enough.

"Thank you, Bal." She pulled back, seeming genuinely happy. "Please let me know if you learn anything else while working with him. I am going to… Well, there's a lot I'm going to do. I'll see you later, little brother."

Recognizing the dismissal for what it was, I gave her a two finger salute. "See ya, sis." A Hole opened up at my side, I moved to step through it, pausing right before. I turned back around. "Ku?"

She turned around, surprised I hadn't left yet. "Yes?"

"You said Ladora can tame dragons, right?"

Her eyes narrowed. "I did."

"How does that work exactly? And how does his ability define what a 'dragon' is?"

"Is there a particular reason you're asking?"

I pursed my lips, considering if it was really worth the risk of unleashing the world's most unrepentant pervert on my sister. "Nah. On second thought, never mind. Have a good one!"

"Bal, wa–" Her words were cut off as the Hole closed behind me.

It probably wouldn't work anyway. A dragon in a Sacred Gear was not the same as a wild dragon. And even if it could work, there was a difference between taming a dragon and taming Ddraig. It was probably best that I think of some other way to profit off of Issei Hyoudou.

I walked inside my house and headed to the dining room. "Medea?" I called, searching for my Queen.

A squawk drew my attention as a shadowy raven flew down from an unseen perch near the ceiling and landed in front of me on the table. The bird's beak opened. "I'm in the basement." Medea's voice spoke through the raven. The bird's beak closed and it flew back up to disappear somewhere in the ceiling.

I stared after the bird for a moment. That was a neat trick. Creepy, but neat.

I headed down into the basement, through the not-so-secret-anymore tunnel and into mine and Medea's workshop. My Queen was kneeling in a small spell circle off in the corner, far enough removed to not interfere with the much larger circle in the center of the room for scrying beyond the Dimensional Gap. There was a golden animal hide laid out flat on the ground in front of her connected to the scrying circle.

"How is your sister, master?" Medea asked, focused on whatever she was doing, but still able to converse with me.

"She's fine. I filled her in and she said she's going to maybe change tracks with how she approaches her goal. We'll need to give her more information as we work with Magdaran."

"We expected that, but it's good that your sister will not be implementing any of her more impulsive plans. Magdaran seems willing to work with you in good faith. It would be foolish to jeopardize that without good cause."

"I agree, hence why I thought it was a good idea to go fill her in before she did anything rash. Did you have any success while I was gone?"

"I was able to ascertain a rough location, but I do not know exactly what to expect this Sacred Gear holder to look like. If we come face-to-face, I will likely be able to point them out to you."

"What do you want to do, Medea? You're the one with the most experience with this dragon."

Medea chuckled lightly. The golden hide vanished into motes of light as she levitated to her feet. "My experience with this creature was with a different version of this creature, and it was a hostile encounter. I do not know if this world's version of the Colchian Dragon will be hostile to me or if it will even be able to recognize me. I will follow your lead on this, master."

I considered my options for a moment.

Until Magdaran contacted me, I had some free time. I wanted to use that time to recruit for my peerage because I was willing to bet I would be too busy to easily do so once we started building our business in earnest. I could just ignore the Sacred Gear and use my ritual to try to find my prospective knight. With Medea at my side, it would likely be significantly easier than when I'd tried to find her. At the same time, Sacred Gears were highly sought after in the Supernatural world. Leaving an avenue unexplored just didn't sit right with me. I was able to justify leaving Issei alone because I could trade his location to another devil for a significant boon when the opportunity presented itself. The Colchian Dragon on the other hand? I didn't have all the information. It couldn't hurt to just take a look. If it didn't work out, then I wouldn't take them. I could trade the information later like I was planning to do with Issei.

"Did you have anything important planned for today?" I asked Medea.

She smiled, looking pleased. "I do not. Are we going to Paris, then?"

"The Sacred Gear is in Paris?"


X


"Oh! There it is!" Medea ran ahead of me, holding her sunhat down so the wind wouldn't blow it away. She had a look of excitement on her face as she looked up at the Eiffel Tower. We'd both traded out our traditional wardrobe for this trip. Medea wore a violet sundress to go with her hat while I wore jeans and a red t-shirt.

"Can we go up there, master?"

I followed the finger she pointed to the top of the Eiffel Tower. Technically, we were here on business to learn more about a Sacred Gear user. Technically.

"When in Paris… We might as well." I said, smiling as Medea clapped excitedly. My Queen ran up to me and wrapped both of her arms around one of mine, dragging me with her through the crowd towards the line for the elevator.

Medea shared facts about the tower and Paris as a whole with me while we waited in line, apparently she'd spent a lot of time with a search engine before coming here. When we were finally able to ride the elevators all the way to the top she rushed over to the railing, looking out over the city. I walked up behind her, silently enjoying the view.

"It's beautiful." Medea breathed.

"That it is." I agreed easily, turning to look at her. The dress and hat she wore were a stark contrast to the imposing clothing she typically wore. It was nice to see her relaxed.

Medea saw me looking at her, and hunched in on herself, concerned. "Is something wrong, master?"

I smiled. "Nothing. I was just thinking about how beautiful you look in that dress."

Medea's ears twitched. Her cheeks reddened. "We… We should get going, Master." She walked up next to me and took my hand in hers, refusing to look me in the eye as we headed back towards the elevators. I didn't say anything, just enjoyed her company.

The ride down was faster than the ride up because we didn't have to wait as long for the elevators. We walked away from the Eiffel Tower. I wasn't leading us anywhere in particular. Medea was the one who would recognize the Sacred Gear User, but she was easily distracted.

"Master, the food from that restaurant smells good."

"Ok. Let's get something to eat." I had already come to terms with the fact that we likely wouldn't be accomplishing the task we'd set for coming here, but I couldn't really bring myself to mind. I was just enjoying spending time with Medea.

We got a table in the restaurant Medea had been interested in near a window with a view of the Eiffel Tower. I ordered a sandwich while Medea ordered fish.

"We haven't really had a chance to just talk, have we?" I asked as the waiter left to give our orders to the chef.

"I…guess we haven't, master." Medea said hesitantly, her happy smile dimming somewhat.

"How are you adjusting to life here? Any regrets?"

"No!" Medea denied immediately, and loudly, causing some people from nearby tables to look over curiously. I glared at them and they got the message to mind their own business. "I mean, I don't have any regrets. I'm adjusting well. In fact, I already feel more comfortable than when I was summoned from the throne. This…you are much better than my previous master."

"Well, I'm glad. If there's anything you're not satisfied with, let me know and I'll see what I can do about it."

"I have everything I need, master. I'm just happy to be here. I'm…" She looked down at the table, not meeting my eyes. "Thank you for saving me. I know how much it cost you."

I reached across the table and gingerly took her hand, causing her to look up. "I would do it again and again. I got the better end of the deal by far. You are more than worth it."

Medea opened her mouth, then closed it and looked away.

Wanting to give her space, I moved to pull back my hand, but her grip on mine was like a vice. I left my hand where it was and tried to move to more pleasant topics.

"So now that you have the opportunity, do you have any plans?"

She seemed confused. "Plans?"

"I told you I'd try to give you as much free time as possible. Is there anything you want to accomplish or do?"

"I…" She trailed off, a warm smile on her face. "I'm just happy to have a second chance. Everything… I have a chance to experience everything I couldn't. I won't let it go to waste."

I wasn't too sure what she meant by that, but I wasn't going to press. She seemed content, and that was what mattered.

The waiter came back with our food, and the conversation turned to the various ways Medea had researched how fish were prepared in french cuisine. Her eyes lit up as she discussed it. I wasn't sure if it was a true passion for her or if she was just glad to be able to enjoy things outside of fighting, but I enjoyed listening to her talk all the same.

When we finished our meal the waiter offered a dessert menu, but Medea wanted to go find a chocolate shop, so we left after I paid our bill.

We walked down the street once more, Medea pressed into my side, resting her head on my shoulder. It felt nice, being so close to her. I was enjoying myself so much that I forgot why we'd come to Paris in the first place. If the irritated venom in Medea's voice when she spoke next was any indication, she had too.

"That man is the one who holds the Sacred Gear."

I was immediately on guard, no longer relaxed as I had been moments ago. I followed her eyes to a figure walking down the street ahead of us. He had spiky black hair and wore a dark leather jacket. He walked down the center of the path, forcing people to part around him lest they run into him. Judging by that simple fact alone, I wasn't too keen on inviting him into my peerage. I didn't want to have to babysit anyone or put up with assholes if I didn't have to. I would already need to deal with too many of those in devil politics without having to watch for potential problems within my own peerage.

"What do you want to do, master?" Medea asked. Her features were hard, focused. She was ready for a fight now.

"We'll follow him. If we see a chance to talk to him alone, we'll take it. Even if I decide I don't want him, Sairaorg might."

Medea didn't say anything, just nodded in acceptance.

We followed the man through several city blocks. After almost thirty minutes of walking, he turned into a small courtyard with no one in it.

"I bet you two think you're sneaky, huh?" the man said as he turned around to face us as we entered the courtyard behind him. He had a cocky grin on his face. It was only the three of us here.

"We were not trying to conceal ourselves from you." I replied. "In fact, we were hoping to speak to you."

"Talk, huh? You with Bolt's outfit? You can tell him to save his breath. When I take a job, I finish it. I don't care how much you're offering to walk away."

"I do not know anyone named Bolt, and I can assure you I have no idea what you're talking about. If you are working I can come back later, but I would like to discuss potentially recruiting you into my peerage."

The man's grin faded instantly. "You're devils."

"We are. Before you–"

A shield of violet magic appeared in front of me moments before my own would have been raised as the man drew a crossbow and fired an enchanted bolt all in one motion.

Medea moved to follow up her shield with a counter attack when I stopped her.

"Caster! Wait."

Medea did not look happy, but she reigned herself in. Magic crackled around her hand threateningly. "Attempt to harm my king again, and I will kill you."

I laid a hand on her shoulder, still ready to fight, but preferring to leave this courtyard without confrontation. I didn't know what this guy's Sacred Gear did, I didn't want to find out in the middle of combat. For all I knew, he had friends in the area. I didn't want to be drawn into a large scale battle I hadn't prepared for. "Clearly, you have no interest in accepting my offer. We will–"

"Hey, bitch, you greek?" the man said, staring intently at Medea. "I recognize the magic from some guys I do jobs for now and then. Why'd you join up with a devil? You need help getting rid of him? I'll do it for a price." He leered at her. "But I'd be willing to give you a discount if you get on your knees and–" He leapt backwards, narrowly avoiding a lash of fire.

"Insult my Queen again and I will kill you." I warned, rage burning in my chest. One of the downsides of being a devil. The seven deadly sins tended to get amped up to eleven. It was time to leave. If we stayed any longer, either Medea or I would kill this idiot, and that might cause us problems down the line. From what little he'd said, I was guessing he was a mercenary, but he could also be aligned with the Greek supernatural. It was better not to tangle with this.

The man grinned, drawing a machete in his other hand. "Did I touch a nerve, pit bitch? Why don't you–" He was cut off as, with a flash of brilliant golden energy, a scaled black helmet appeared around his head, black like coal with seams of gold accenting it. It had no faceplate, leaving his shocked expression visible. A faraway voice spoke through the helmet, distorted but still understandable.

"Medea, kill this fool and I will be in your debt. I have suffered from his presence for too long."

Neither Medea, I nor the man moved for several seconds. I saw the man's eyes widen when he made the connection.

"Medea?" he said breathlessly, staring at my Queen.

Well shit. Now we had to kill this bastard.

I didn't want to let this fight drag on. We were in the middle of a crowded city on Earth. There was no telling who could stumble upon us or who would come looking when they felt a supernatural battle taking place. The man may also decide to flee. I wanted this over now.

As the man settled into a fighting stance, his eyes flicking between the two of us, a Hole opened behind his neck. Before he could react, an arrow rocketed out of the Hole and tore through his neck, the power behind its flight strong enough to carry it clean through the man's neck to scatter against the concrete beneath him.

In my experiments with Hole, I tested quite a few more…inventive methods. The pocket dimensions opened with Hole had gravity, so could I open a Hole within the pocket dimension to abuse that? The answer was yes. I had several pocket dimensions that were filled with nothing but falling weapons, all imbued with a minor charm to make sure they fell they way I wanted them to. They fell down into a portal connected to one directly above, falling infinitely until I changed the destination of the other Hole which I could open wherever I chose.

Yep. I could pull off a bastardized Gate of Babylon. Granted none of my weapons were noble phantasms and I didn't have Ea hidden up my ass, but it was still cool. It was another way for me to use Hole to hide my other abilities.

"Let's clean up the body and…" I trailed off, refocusing as the man reached up, still standing. He was glaring murderously at me.

He growled something, but it came out as a gurgle so I couldn't make it out. The helmet on his head flashed with golden power. Suddenly, the mortal wound in his neck was mended, leaving him hale and hearty.

My eyes narrowed as he laughed.

"That the best you got, spawn bitch?"

This was why unknown Sacred gears were a pain in the ass. Did it just let him heal from mortal wounds instantaneously, or was it more than that?

The man rolled his shoulders as he looked at my Queen. "Hey, Medea, I don't know what this scum did to force you into this, but I can–"

"Caster, curse him into oblivion." I ordered as four Holes opening up around him to match the four appearing near me.

Medea didn't need to be told twice, a dozen magic circles appearing in front of her, all sending dark energy at the man.

He rolled backwards, dodging most of the spells, but several still landed. The effect was immediate, he slowed down, weary. The arm holding his machete hung low, burdened by the weight where before it was held high. That was all the opening I needed.

I conjured four glowing red chains of fire, sending one through each of the Holes near me. They emerged right on top of the man, winding themselves around his wrists and ankles, knocking his weapons from his hands. I moved the Holes into the air as the chains snapped taut, forcing the man to be suspended and spread eagle in the air. He struggled against the chains, but Medea continued firing curses into him, weakening him further until his struggles ceased.

Before there could be any more surprises, a large Hole opened to swallow the man and his bindings, sucking him away to a pocket dimension. Another, smaller Hole opened to send away the remnants of the arrow, the bolt he'd shot at me, as well as the machete and crossbow he dropped when the chains took him to get rid of evidence.

"Good job, Caster. Let's go deal with this bastard." I opened a Hole next to us and we both stepped through. Darkness surrounded us, illuminated by bright glowing chains of fire restraining the Sacred Gear holder.

"Can't…kill…me…I–"

Medea waved her hand and a bundled up cloth flew forth from her, wrapping itself around the man's mouth to gag him.

"What do you intend to do with him, master?"

"He knows who you are. He needs to die before he spreads that around. We just need to find a way to kill him that he won't heal from."

The man's helmet thrummed with power and the same voice from before spoke once more. "His weakness is that which defeated me in life. Put him to sleep. He will no longer be able to regenerate."

Even weakened as he was by Medea's curses, the man's eyes widened as he started to panic, renewing his efforts to thrash against my chains. It didn't last long as Medea cast several spells. Soon, the thrashing ceased as the man hung limp in my chains, unconscious.

A relieved sigh emanated from the helmet. "Thank you. Of all the undeserving wielders I have had over the years, he has been the worst by far. As I said before, Medea, I owe you a debt."

I narrowed my eyes at the helmet. Even after we killed the wielder, we still had a problem. The Sacred Gear would go to another wielder, and the dragon housed within it knew Medea was alive. It was possible, likely even, that the Sacred Gear would take so long to reform that by the time its next wielder awakened it I'd be strong enough to deal with the extra attention, but I didn't want to take any chances.

Medea looked skeptical. "I would have assumed a dragon I had a hand in killing would be less willing to help me."

"Killing?" the dragon sounded surprised. "You did not kill me. It was after you and the Argonauts…" A low, rumbling laugh came from the helmet. "Now I see. That is why you felt so strange to me. You are not the Medea I knew. Tell me, how has reincarnation treated you? Two wielders ago I also encountered Jason's reincarnation in Germany. He too was unable to recall all of his memories."

I shared a look with Medea, seeing the same thoughts whirring through her mind. Things just got a lot more complicated.

The dragon knowing Medea was alive was one thing. The dragon knowing that something was strange about the Medea who served as my Queen was an entirely separate matter. I didn't know the exact mechanics by which legends in this world reincarnated, but if there was a way to prove their reincarnation, it would be easy to tell that Medea wasn't from this world. That would lead to questions about where she came from and how we met, which would inevitably lead back to the ritual I'd devised, the ritual I wanted no one outside my peerage to ever learn about.

"Since you have this bastard of a host good and trapped, would you mind hearing me out for a bit? I have a request I would ask of you." the helmet continued, seemingly oblivious to Medea and I's concern.

"I don't see why not." I said cautiously, keeping an eye on the unconscious man whose head the helmet was affixed to lest the soul trapped in the Sacred Gear try something. "But first, tell me how your Sacred Gear works in detail." It might lie, but the information it had given so far seemed to be genuine, the man was too panicked to make me think the helmet had been lying.

"It is simple. As Medea knows, in life, I served as protector for the Golden Fleece. I spent so much time in proximity to the ram that I was changed by its presence. In time, I learned how to mimic its power. I could only affect physical injuries, but that was all I cared about at the time. It wasn't until the Argonauts bested me that I learned how deadly curses could be. I was killed before I could learn to purge myself of them.

The dragon sniffed proudly. "So long as I was able to concentrate, I could summon the Golden Fleece's power to heal nearly any wound. Since it was an ability I needed to focus on, I couldn't use it while I was asleep. That was how I was killed, a craven coward crept into my cavern and slew me while I slept. It is much the same with the Sacred Gear I was trapped in. The user can consciously heal from any injury as if the Golden Fleece itself was wrapped around their body. Only one individual who has wielded me could use me to heal others. A nun. She was the only one I liked. The rest have been morons."

That was a very potent power. While at first glance it may not seem as impressive as the ability to double your power to infinity like Ddraig, having an on tap connection to a Golden Fleece-like healing effect was incredible. I doubted that many of this Sacred Gear's wielders died in battle. Actually…

"What is the name of your Sacred Gear?" I asked, not wanting to continue referring to it mentally as 'the Sacred Gear'.

"Perfected State." the dragon grumbled. "I would have chosen a much more impressive name, but I didn't get much choice regarding this arrangement. Do you have more questions, or may I now make my request?"

I shared a look with Medea, silently asking if she wanted to ask anything. This dragon was directly connected to the version of her that lived in this world. If she wanted to learn about that Medea, this was probably the best opportunity we'd have.

Medea met my eyes and shook her head.

I nodded in understanding and turned back to the helmet. "What is your request?"

"Destroy me. I despise this prison and would be rid of it." the helmet said, bringing me up short. I had not expected the dragon to want to die.

"I already owe you for dealing with this idiot I'm attached to, but I think this is the best chance I will have to be free. If anyone can figure out a way to destroy a Sacred Gear, it would be you, princess of Colchis. Do this for me and I will tell you the locations of all of the treasures I hoarded in life and those my wielders accumulated during theirs. My hoard is the least I could offer you for this service."

"You want me to kill you?" Medea asked, studying the helmet.

"Death is preferable to this. I am a slave, forced to serve bumbling idiots, each more annoying than the last. I no longer feel the sun on my scales. The air blowing against my face as I fly. The pleasant feeling one gets after consuming a wild deer. I am not alive. I am just not fully dead."

"Give us a moment to discuss this." Medea said, fixing me with an intent look.

Understanding her desire for privacy, I opened another Hole and took us back to my manor where we could talk without fear of prying eyes. I doubted the unconscious man would be able to escape my Hole, and the dragon within his Sacred Gear didn't seem all that keen on helping him even if he woke up and tried. We appeared on the front porch, looking out over my lands.

"What do you think, master?" Medea asked, watching me closely.

"If I were stuck inside a Sacred Gear for thousands of years, I'd probably want a way out too. That's not to mention the offer of telling us the location of its hoard. It's possible it was raided at some point between now and when the dragon died, but if it wasn't, that would go a long way to helping us set up our business with Magdaran." If we could figure out a way to grant this dragon's request, then I saw nothing but positives.

Medea pursed her lips. "What if there was another option?" She held out her hand. With a flash of violet energy, a wicked dagger whose blade zig-zagged back and forth appeared in her hands.

My eyes widened as I saw the blade, slowly looking back up at Medea. She was plotting something. "What are you thinking?"

"I have been curious about Sacred Gears since I first heard of them, wondering how they function and if I would be able to replicate them. This is a wonderful opportunity for me to…experiment. The dragon wishes to be free, and I believe I can free it, truly free it. While I could likely unmake the Sacred Gear, I might be able to even keep it intact while freeing the beast, leaving it inert for me to study. So long as the magic that binds it is not too powerful, I am confident I can do it. If I can sever the function of Perfected State, the dragon within would likely be freed, not killed. We went to Paris seeking a peerage member, master. This is an opportunity to both give me something to study and accomplish that task."

I was silent for a moment as I considered it. Having a true dragon in my peerage would be an amazing boon, let alone a fairly famous one like the Colchian Dragon that served as the Golden Fleece's protector. With that being said, there were downsides to doing this as well.

"A dragon in my peerage would be a great boon, but not if it puts you at risk, Medea." I stepped closer to her, wrapping my hand around hers clasped around Rule Breaker's hilt. "Devils, angels, dragons, gods – there are too many powerful beings to count in this world that need magically enforced contracts to function. Treaties, trade agreements and even something as minor as devil contracts with their mortal clients all rely on the immutable nature of contractual magic. If they learned you can break those contracts, let alone unmake Sacred Gears with the same power, they'll all come after you."

"I know. There is a reason I have not used Rule Breaker since you reincarnated me. I will only use it as a last resort, but this is too substantial of an opportunity to let pass. In my world, we killed the Colchian Dragon. I wanted to put it to sleep and sneak past, but Jason wanted the glory. It took all of us to best that dragon. It was strong enough to fight on equal footing with all of us at the same time. I don't know if this world's dragon is its equal, but if it is even half as strong it will be a great ally for us."

There wasn't a much better pitch to consider a new recruit than hearing they'd done battle with multiple demigods and other legendary heroes all at the same time. And Medea wanted something cool to play with. Who was I to deny her that?

"Okay," I said. "If the dragon agrees to keep the method used to free it quiet and be reincarnated, we'll see if you can break a Sacred gear."

A Hole opened next to us and we both stepped through.

"Come to a decision, then? Will you destroy me?" the black helmet spoke as we joined it. The man it was affixed to still hung limp from my chains.

"What is it you really want?" I asked. "Do you want to die, or do you want to be free?"

The helmet was silent for a moment. "I want to be free, but the only way to be rid of this prison is to die. My soul is bound to it. That binding cannot be severed."

Keeping my face carefully blank, I said, "If we were able to sever that binding, freeing you from the Sacred Gear, what would you offer me?"

The helmet's silence stretched on even longer this time. "If you are truly capable of this," it said, a suppressed hope slowly building in its words. "Then I would do just about anything you ask. You desire my treasure? Have it. Do you desire my service? It is yours. In life, I served as the Golden Fleece's protector. I would gladly serve as your protector if you freed me."

"Would you be willing to become a devil?" I asked.

A barked laugh came from the helmet. "If you get me out of this thing, I will happily let you shove whatever kind of chess piece you want in me, little devil. If Medea willingly follows you, then you can't be too bad of a master."

That was about as clear an acceptance as you could get.

"If we do this, you cannot tell anyone how we did it."

"Done. Get me out of here already." The dragon sounded anxious, its anticipation building.

I looked at Medea and nodded.

She walked forward, a wicked dagger appearing in her hand as she approached the restrained man who held Perfected State. "I don't know if this will hurt you or not, but you should prepare for the possibility." She reared her hand back, a wave of power pulsing out from her. "Rule Breaker." She stabbed her dagger down into the dark scale helmet.

There was a great explosion of violet light as the dagger sunk into the helmet. The eyes of the restrained man snapped open, a guttural scream tore forth from him, muffled though it was by the gag still in his mouth. The light continued to build. Medea wrenched her dagger down as if she was prying something open. The man's screams cut out. His entire body went limp once more, suspended by the chains.

Medea reached forward, her other hand still gripping Rule Breaker's hilt. She grabbed the underside of the helmet and pulled. Slowly, the armor piece lifted away from the limp man's body. With a final heave, the helmet came free from the man's head. Medea lifted the helmet high above her head, Rule Breaker still embedded in it. She twisted the blade sharply.

There was a crashing sound like a shattering mirror and a primal roar filled the space. A dark-scaled head emerged from the helmet in Medea's hands, followed by a massive, long serpent-like body that slithered up into the air. Black scales mixed with flakes of gold as a serpentine dragon flew up from the helmet.

Joyous laughter echoed around us as the dragon's tail emerged from the helmet. The dragon flew overhead, weaving in and out of its own long body as it flew. Medea removed Rule Breaker from the helmet, letting her dagger fade into motes of energy as she cradled the helmet in her arms. There was a large crack right down the middle of the helmet where Rule Breaker had penetrated it, but it was otherwise intact.

"I. AM. FREE!" a triumphant voice reverberated through the air. The dragon slowly lowered itself down, its body coiling in the air behind it as it lowered itself to our level. "Medea, devil, thank you. You cannot hope to understand the hell you just freed me from. What is your name, devil?"

"Balthazar Abaddon," I answered, not shrinking under the dragon's gaze. "And what is your name, dragon?"

"My name… No, it has been too long. I am to begin again as a devil. A new life requires a new name. I think I will go by…Coal. Yes, it fits. I like it! You may call me Coal!"

"It's good to make your acquaintance, Coal."

"And I yours, Balthazar Abaddon. Thank you for freeing me. As agreed, my hoard is yours and I shall serve as your guardian. Use your Evil Piece on me, then send me to a place with open skies. I long to feel the rush of the air on my face once more."

I held out my hand, intending to summon a Rook. I frowned, hesitating.

Evil Pieces were an exemplary invention. They could reincarnate other races into devils. Each piece was limited with how strong an individual it could reincarnate with the strength of the pieces themselves corresponding to the strength of the King. The pieces matched the point value of the chess pieces they were modeled after well. The Queen was 9, the Rook was 5, Knights and Bishops 3, and Pawns 1. Next to the Queen piece, the Rook could reincarnate the strongest individuals…unless the intended individual was too powerful for the Rook piece to reincarnate. If I were even a little more powerful, it wouldn't have been an issue, but it was what it was. 6 Pawns was more than worth reincarnating the Colchian Dragon into my service.

6 Pawns appeared floating in the space above my hand. The Pawns drifted together, melding together into one piece as they floated towards the dragon. The Pawn pressed into the great dragon's snout, melding into its body.

The dragon's body curled around itself, shrinking down, a deep rumbling sound slowly morphing into a very human sigh. With a final flash of red energy, a humanoid figure appeared in place of the dragon, demonic wings spread wide behind its back. Hair like soot stood at wild angles on the figure's head. He had a fair face and young feature, like he was in his mid-to-late teens. The newly reborn devil grinned at me, showing off sharpened canines and shining golden eyes as he said, "This is a stark improvement over my previous accommodations. I hold to my word. I will tell you where I hid my wealth, but first, I would like to see the sky."

With him reincarnated and now bound to me, I saw no reason to deny his request. He'd been stuck in a soulcage for thousands of years. He deserved to stretch his legs a bit. I opened a Hole at my side. Treasure hunting could wait. "This'll take you to my estate. Try to stay near the house please. It has far greater protections than the rest of the property, and I'd like you to stay a secret if possible." I didn't think anyone would be trying to scry on my lands right now, but it was better to be safe than sorry.

"Easily done. Thank you, master." He ran towards the whole, his body elongating into a serpent-like dragon as he leapt through.

"You don't need to call me…master." He was already gone. I fixed Medea with a distinctly unimpressed look. She was trying, and failing, to hide her laughter. "I blame you for this. This is your fault."

"I'm sure I have no idea what you mean, master. Now I'm going to go study a priceless artifact. Ifyouneedmecallbye!" Medea finished all at once, dashing through the Hole, Perfected State's inert form clutched tight to her chest.

I shook my head, amused despite myself. I turned and followed my Queen and my newest peerage member through the Hole back home. The sight of a massive serpentine dragon spinning through the air in ribbon-like motions greeted me. Medea was nowhere to be seen, likely already in the lab poking at the remains of Perfected State.

My peerage had grown. The Colchian Dragon was a superb addition. And if his hoard had managed to survive unpillaged these last millenia, I'd have a good bit of funds to work with. Either enough to set up my business or eliminate the need for it altogether. The original intent behind it was to make money after all. I'd still probably go through with it if for no other reason than to foster a relationship with Magdaran, but it would be nice to be financially secure.

But I could sort all that out later. I'd let my two peerage members enjoy their activities first.
Last edited: Jan 4, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, Norego and 2,314 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 3, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 6
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#382
Coal was rich. It made sense. He lived for thousands of years. While he didn't do as much plundering as other dragons due to his role as the Golden Fleece's guardian, he still managed to amass a substantial collection of treasures. It only took me a day to gather everything with Hole's help, securing all the treasure Coal happily gave me for freeing him from Perfected State. He didn't so much as cast a forlorn glance at the treasure as we transported it, far too happy to just fly around the manor while I moved everything, uncaring about his former wealth. Wealth that now belonged to the House of Abaddon, to me. Evidently, being trapped in a Sacred Gear while idiots abused your power for millenia had a way of changing your outlook on life.

The amount of capital available to me grew by a factor of ten-thousand overnight. I still didn't have nearly as many resources as a Pillar family, but that would come in time. I put the money to work as well as I could with a lot of input from Medea. We'd bought a couple run-down storefronts in less-busy parts of large cities, even managing to secure a spot in Lucifaad, albeit not in an area with a lot of foot traffic. We already had crews working to fix those shops up. They'd function as our brick-and-mortar locations once we got up and running.

A larger portion of the money went to purchasing more land. The Abaddon Estate wasn't very large. We had enough room for privacy, but not for much else. More powerful families held territories large enough to hold multiple large cities on them, able to collect taxes from the citizens that lived there. I wasn't going to be opening up a village any time soon, but I saw an opportunity. Due to how out of the way our estate was, the lands around it were all fairly cheap by property standards. I bought up a significant portion of land, over quadrupling the size of my lands. Unfortunately, my rapid expansion caused the price on additional acquisitions to rise as the government arm that catalogued who owned what property realized what I was doing. I stopped buying when they jacked the prices up, but I'd acquired more than enough by then to be content.

I was also making plans to build several structures on the land, a training area similar to the one near Sairaorg's house as well as a small castle atop a large hill I planned to move into upon its completion. Maybe I was vain, but I wanted a castle. The Bael's castle spoke to something in me, and I was copying their homestead. It wouldn't be the size of a large village like theirs, but it would be large enough to accommodate all potential members of my peerage and host guests should I choose to. Besides, big, opulent houses were a status symbol in devil society. It was an investment, not a wasteful purchase. Anyone who said otherwise was unable to see the advantages of hosting potential allies in a grand castle, impressing them with your impeccable homestead selection. Construction hadn't begun yet because I wanted someone I trusted to oversee the crews while they worked and all such individuals were currently indisposed, but the plans had been drawn up by a reputable contractor Kuisha got me in contact with. I was pleased with how things were progressing.

I'd expected Magdaran to contact me by now, but there was still only silence. I wasn't sure what was holding him up, but the extra time gave me time to get all of this done and store more demonic power in my pocket dimension. If I still hadn't heard from Magdaran in the next couple of days, I would be attempting to recruit my knight.

In the meantime though…

I headed down into the basement, stepping over open texts and avoiding smudging spell circles etched into the ground. I stopped at the bottom of the entrance to a smaller room Medea had completely taken over, leaning against the wall as I watched my Queen.

Medea didn't even notice me, too embroiled in her work. The now inert form of Perfected State sat in the middle of a spell circle. Medea frantically moved around it, casting minor spells and taking notes. She'd spent every spare moment she had down here messing with that helmet. She still helped me with the matters of the estate and buying up property, and movie night had become a nightly tradition that she was always excited for, but whenever Medea wasn't with me, she was down here fiddling with that helmet. It may have been a bit hypocritical coming from me, but I was beginning to think she needed to get out of the house.

"Made any progress?"

Medea jumped in place, startled. She shoved the book in her hands onto a nearby table haphazardly, brushing some dust off her dress. "I'm sorry, master! I didn't notice you enter."

"Don't worry about it. I can tell you're enjoying working on the helmet. Any progress?"

Medea's eyebrows furrowed, an irritated expression settling over her face. "It's so aggravating! It doesn't follow any established rules of magically imbued items. It's more akin to a spirit than an item, which doesn't make any sense because it's tangible! I expected that this would be simple with an inert Gear, but it's nearly impossible! If I didn't have the sample then it would be even worse. I know I'm making progress, but at the rate I'm moving it'll take years before I have something viable to even try to test and–"

"Do you want to go on a date?" I cut in before I got cold feet. She seemed like she needed a distraction, so now was as good a time to ask as any.

Medea froze in place, slowly turning to look at me. "A… What?"

"A date. Do you want to go on a date with me, Medea? I like you. I think you're great. I think you're beautiful. And I want to go on a date with you." I put it as clearly as I could.

"I…" She sprinted past me and up the stairs, shouting distractedly over her shoulder. "I'll go get ready!" She was already gone.

I stood dumbly in the basement, alone save for a cracked black scale helmet in a spell circle. I hadn't exactly meant we'd go right this second, but it wasn't like I was doing anything important right now.

A Hole opened at my side, transporting me to my bedroom so I could change into something nicer. I guess I'd better think of a good date idea quickly.


X


Medea was practically radiating happiness as she walked at my side, holding my arm against her chest with her own and resting her head on my shoulder. She'd dressed up in a sundress similar to the one she'd worn in Paris, but she left the hat behind this time, letting her hair spill out behind her, showing off her pointed ears. I'd dressed up in black pants and a red button up shirt. I'd even combed my hair.

I wasn't prepared to go on a date right now, so I'd brought us to Lucifaad. The last time I was here, it was a struggle to leave. Everytime I went to open a Hole home, I saw another shop that I stopped at 'on the way home'. I was hoping Medea and I would find something to do while we walked around.

"It's close to lunchtime. Do you want to sit down somewhere or try something else?" I asked, ignoring the looks Medea and I were attracting. It wasn't strange for devils to openly display affection in public, but it was typically far more lustful. Medea's display of genuine joy was an uncommon sight.

"I want to walk more. Everyone needs to know that you're mine, so we're going to walk around and let them see us."

I chuckled lightly, shaking my head at the answer. "Walking it is. I'm sure we can find a stand or stall somewhere with something we can eat on the go."

It was easy enough to find a cart selling skewers with cubes of different types of meat. When I went to take our order, Medea snatched them away first. We continued walking. She would eat a cube, then hold the stick up to my mouth, letting me take one. She seemed to be having fun, so I didn't put up any protest. The food was good, and the company was better, so I had nothing to complain about.

I looked around, trying to get my bearings. I saw a street sign and realized I recognised the name. "Our shop is on this street." I observed. "Do you want to go see how the remodelling is going?"

Medea hummed an assent, and we started walking down the road. It took us a while to get there. The road connected to Lucifaad's center, but it was a fair distance removed from it. We finished our skewers about half way there and contented ourselves to walk in silence.

The building was three-stories tall, which was part of the reason I'd chosen this location as opposed to one closer to the middle of the city that was only a single level. We would have more space to work with and since this would likely be our headquarters since it was located in Lucifaad, the extra space struck me as more important than being a short distance closer to downtown. The windows weren't boarded up anymore, but the building was still locked up tight.

I was surprised to see that Medea and I weren't the only ones inspecting the building. More surprising, was who the other party was.

"Magdaran, I didn't expect to see you here." I greeted the Bael heir. The same two maids I'd met when we had lunch stood behind him.

His face lit up when he saw me. "Balthazar, what a coincidence." His eyes tracked over to the purple-haired witch dangling off my arm.

"Magdaran, allow me to introduce my Queen Caster. Caster, meet heir Bael." I introduced them.

Medea let go of my arm long enough to curtsy politely and say, "It is a pleasure, heir Bael." before she was once more stuck to my side like glue.

Magdaran looked terribly embarrassed, blushing and waving his hands in front of himself. "That's not necessary. Please just call me Magdaran. It's good to meet you, Caster. Balthazar spoke very highly of you."

Medea had a pleased smile on her face. "My King exaggerates my better qualities."

"I'm not so sure. If you caught his eye, you must be special."

"So what brings you here, if you don't mind me asking?" I asked.

Magdaran motioned to the building. "I heard you had purchased several failed shops and were in the process of renovating them. I wanted to see them for myself. I assume this is for the business we discussed?"

"It is. I happened into some funds recently that allowed me to start to get the foundations set."

"I'm glad things are progressing well, and I apologize for keeping you waiting. I didn't expect things to take as long as they have on my end. I should have my preparations concluded by next week. I will write to you at the start of the week whether I am ready or not to keep you updated."

"No need to worry. I'm not in any major rush to get things going. It'll still be a while before the renovations are done anyway." Besides, another week would give me ample time to search for my prospective knight, potentially recruiting them.

"Is that why you're here? To see how the renovations are coming along?"

I wrapped an arm around Medea's shoulder, pulling her against my side. "We're actually on a date. We stopped by because we were in the area."

Magdaran's eyes widened. "Oh. Oh! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to interrupt."

I waved off his concern. "Don't worry about it. It was good to see you, Magdaran."

"It was good to see you as well, Balthazar. I will get out of your hair so the two of you can enjoy your day. Caster, it was a pleasure to meet you."

"The pleasure was mine, Magdaran." Medea said with a shallow bow.

Magdaran hurried away down the street, his maids following silently behind him.

"Your assessment was right. He seems nice, if a little shy." Medea commented as we watched him leave.

"Yeah, not at all what I was expecting from him to be honest. If I'd known he was such a relaxed guy, I probably wouldn't have panicked and summoned you."

"Remind me to thank him for scaring you the next time we see him. I am very happy to not be dead, and even happier to be with you."

"I'll need to thank him too. You've been with me less than a month but I already can't picture the house without you in it."

Medea wrapped her arms around my side, laying her head against my chest as she hugged me. "You say the sweetest things, master."

"Speaking of sweet, I want some dessert. How would you like some ice cream?"

"Yes!"

We headed back the way we came towards an ice cream shop I noticed on the way over and each bought a vanilla cone. A short walk later, we found a small park filled with trees flowering unnatural colors and giving off mystical light – supernatural flora. We sat down on a bench and ate our ice cream. Medea had a whole half of the bench to herself but elected to press herself up against my side. I wasn't going to complain, I enjoyed her closeness. I just wrapped my arm around her hip and enjoyed my ice cream.

Medea finished her ice cream and rested her head on my shoulder, looking out at the park. There were young devils children chasing each other between the trees while their parents rested nearby on blankets or lawn chairs. We weren't alone, but the immediate area around us was empty, affording us some privacy.

"I'm having fun." Medea said.

"I'm glad. I am too. Sorry it took so long for me to ask you out for a first date. I've wanted to practically since I reincarnated you, but I thought it was best to give you some time to adjust. That, and we were dealing with the Magdaran situation and finding Perfected Self."

"You're wrong. This is our second date. Paris was our first." She looked up at me with narrowed eyes. "Don't steal my Paris date from me, Balthazar."

I raised an eyebrow at her, amused. "So I'm Balthazar now? Not master, not king?"

Medea huffed cutely. "Depending on how tonight goes, you might just graduate to 'honey'."

That brought me up short. I was tense as I looked down at Medea. "Tonight?"

She smiled slyly, leaning in close so her lips brushed my ear as she whispered, "Freeing Coal made me so tired. I've been feeling low on mana recently. Do you think you could help me, Balthazar?"

All of a sudden, I found myself breathing a lot faster than I had been a second ago. "Is there anything else you want to do in the city today?"

Medea frowned, pulling back slightly. "Not really. Why–"

"Good." I growled, hooking an arm under her legs and picking her up in a bridal carry. She let out a small shriek that quickly turned into a laugh. A Hole opened in front of us and we were gone from the city.

Medea's laughter cut off immediately when she realized where I'd brought us. We were in my bedroom at the foot of the bed.

"You can't say things like that without giving me ideas, my Queen." I said, drawing her attention back to me. "If you–"

Medea hooked a hand around my neck and pulled my head down to capture my lips in a fiery kiss. She pulled back with a gasp, eyes intense. "Shut up and get naked. I've waited too long for this." She mashed her lips back into mine, her hand literally tearing my shirt open, sending buttons flying around the room. Her shoes joined them as she kicked them off her feet.

Medea let out a yelp as I broke our kiss and tossed her onto the bed. I shrugged my way out of my ruined shirt and knelt at the edge of the bed, taking hold of medea's legs and pulling her towards me. I pressed my lips into her calf, kissing my way up her leg, hiking her dress up as I went.

Medea shimmied on the bed, struggling to pull her dress further up, watching intently as I drew closer to my goal. My objective was blocked, covered by lacy black fabric. Medea had worn lingerie on our date.

I looked up, holding Medea's gaze as I lowered myself down, gently kissing the fabric over her. She was mewling, bucking her hips up towards me. I grinned, reaching forward to grab the waistband at her hips, dragging her panties down and off in one swift motion.

I fell back on her instantly, licking and sucking, exploring her with my tongue.

Medea's hands found my hair, holding me against her as she squirmed. "I want you. Please… Please."

I raised a finger to her entrance, tracing light circles, gently teasing her open. She was sopping wet.

Medea growled, a frustrated sound. She pulled herself back away from me. Her dress was flung away. A black lace bra soon joined it in a heap on the floor. Medea moved to the edge of the bed, pulling me up to devour my lips. She rose with me as I stood, her hands finding my belt and unfastening it.

"I've waited too long already. I will not wait any longer." Medea almost snarled, a fiery intensity in her eyes.

My pants fell to my ankles, my underwear pulled down a moment later, freeing me.

Medea descended upon me, kissing, stroking and sucking. She held eye contact with me as she took me into her mouth, slowly sliding all the way to the base. She started humming. I twitched as I saw stars.

Medea pulled off me, a sultry smile on her lips as she gently stroked me. "Is it good, master? Do you– Eep!"

I didn't let her finish, sliding out of my shoes and pushing her back onto the bed. I loomed over her, staring down at her. The curves of her body. Her soft flesh. Her gorgeous hair scattered against the sheets, framing her beautiful face. I wanted her. I was taking her.

I leaned down next to her ear as I lined myself up, gently pressing against her sex. "You wanted mana. I'm going to give it to you." I slammed myself inside her.

Medea let out a pleasure filled scream, her arms and legs winding around me, pulling me tighter against her. "Yes! Do it! Give it to me. Give me everything!"

I mashed my lips into hers, my tongue prodding at her mouth until it opened, inviting me in to taste her tongue as I slammed myself in and out of her lower lips. Medea raised her hips up to mine, meeting me with each thrust. I could have stayed like that forever. Alas, I was but a man.

I broke our kiss, gazing deep into her eyes. "I'm going to cum, Medea. You're going to make me cum inside you. Take it all."

Her walls tightened down on me, her legs pulling me even closer. "Give it to me! Give your Queen what she deserves!"

I bottomed out inside her, grunting as I came.

Medea tightened down around me like a vice, her arms and legs pressing me against her body, refusing to let me go.

After I was spent, I gingerly placed kisses along her neck, working my way up to her mouth. Her lips met mine. Where before it had been carnal, filled with lust. Now, it was tender, slow.

I slowly pulled myself out of her and laid down at her side.

Medea's hand rose to touch my face, tracing circles on my cheek. "I almost died to meet you." she said, her voice barely above a whisper. "I wonder if I did die and I somehow ended up in the Christian heaven."

I took her hand, guiding it down to my mouth and laying a kiss on it. "Heaven can't have you. I would raise an army and storm the Golden Gates if they tried to take you from me. This is real. You're here with me, and I am never letting you go. You're mine."

Medea's lips pulled up into a small smile. Moisture was gathering in her eyes. "You say the sweetest things, honey."

"So I've graduated to 'honey', have I?"

"You have." Medea's smile turned predatory. "We should celebrate." She swung a leg over mine and rolled me onto my back, straddling me.

We didn't get much sleep that night.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, misterpink and 1,993 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 7
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#450
"Is everything ready?" I asked Medea. She'd been painstakingly inspecting the ritual circle for a good minute now.

She ran a finger over a runic script before nodding, satisfied. "Everything's ready, master." She'd been alternating between calling me master and honey since our post-date mana transfer session. "I improved everything I could, and I will be here to assist you should you need it."

"Thanks, Medea. You're the best."

I walked into the center of the circle and sat down, taking a deep breath to center myself. Holes opened in the air around me, connecting me to the pocket dimension where I stored my power and acting as guides for the ritual.

"Let's see if we can't find a lost knight."


X


A young woman sat on dark sand, legs hugged to her chest as she stared dispassionately out over an ocean of unmoving water. All around her was shadow. Sharp rocks jutting unnaturally out of the ground formed a rough perimeter around her beach, serving as a natural barrier to keep things away. The sky was one long shadow. No light could exist here. It would be eaten in but a moment.

Wanting to see something different from the sight she'd witnessed for eternity, she flicked the water's surface, watching the water gently ripple before settling once more.

How long had she been here now? It was so hard to keep track of time in this place. The perpetual darkness didn't help, but that was only part of the problem. The very foundations of this world were fundamentally wrong. Time seemed to flow impossibly slow and impossibly fast simultaneously. Time didn't work the way it was meant to. As far as the woman could tell, she'd spent three eternities in this place. At least, that was the only way she could measure the time.

The first eternity followed immediately after she'd found herself trapped here. She'd run from the threats she was incapable of fighting without her weapon. She'd plotted and planned, trying to find a way to escape. She'd had hope.

It felt like that time lasted forever. It felt like no time at all.

The second eternity started when she lost that hope. It became clear that no one was coming for her, that she'd been forgotten. She wandered, searching for a haven of relative safety in a world whose very existence was the antithesis of 'safe'.

She'd wandered forever. She'd wandered for but a moment.

The third eternity began when she found her haven, her sanctuary where she could hide from the things in this world that would destroy her, where she could continue persisting without complications. Her small beach, safe from monsters made of shadow and despair intent on devouring her.

She felt like she'd always been here. She felt as if she just arrived.

She was different now. She knew that. She knew why she changed. It was a byproduct of this place, it had left its mark on her. She knew how she changed, but she wasn't sure when that change had taken place. She didn't think it happened during the first eternity. She'd still had hope then.

It probably happened sometime during the second eternity, the wandering eternity. That was when she stopped feeling any trace of joy. That was when she lost hope, when she accepted this was her home now.

She had already been here forever. She would remain forevermore.

The woman flicked the water again, watching the ripples until the water settled once more.

The ripples lasted forever. They faded in but a moment.

She was so lonely. No one deserved to suffer in this prison, but she desperately wished someone was here to share it with her. Maybe the endless time would pass faster if she had someone to talk to?

She reached down to flick the water again but stopped. The water had disappeared. She looked around. She was still surrounded by darkness, but her haven was gone. The safety provided by the wall of jagged rock had abandoned her. The water, her sole means by which to break the monotony of what her life had become, was gone.

The young woman frowned, standing up to take a look around. The water and the rocks were gone, but there was something wholly new in their place.

Was that a person? How…? When did he get here?

"Hello," a man with blonde hair said. He wore red and black. He was sitting with his legs crossed.

She walked forward, sitting down in front of him. "Hello."

"My name is Balthazar Abaddon. Can I ask your name?"

"I'm Aqua." She frowned. "How did you get here? Are you trapped too?" She knew it was wrong, but Aqua was glad someone else was here. She could talk to someone. She'd been so lonely.

"I am not trapped. I came here looking for you."

She was surprised. "You… Did Mickey send you?"

"No. I came here of my own volition."

The hope that had just begun to bloom in her chest was squashed, mercilessly snuffed out. Of course Mickey hadn't sent him. He'd abandoned her, consigned her to eternal exile.

"Why were you looking for me?"

"Before I answer that, I would offer you a gift. You are no longer where you were, Aqua. This is a different world, one where I make the rules. As such, I can do this for you." He lifted a hand up. A small point of darkness appeared above it. That was strange. Aqua knew she'd been changed by this place. Was the darkness how he was changed?

"What is that?" Aqua asked.

"A path. A road to recover something you lost."

Aqua was confused. Something she'd lost? She hadn't lost anything since she became trapped. She didn't have anything to lose. What was he…

Aqua's eyes widened. She didn't know how she hadn't felt it before. There, at the edge of her awareness, a presence she hadn't felt in so long.

Aqua tried to crush down her hope, knowing it was pointless. There was no way. It couldn't be…

Hesitantly, almost fearfully, she raised her hand. Aqua gasped as her fingers closed around a familiar hilt, one she had not held for an eternity.

Her keyblade. She was holding her keyblade.

The man in front of her lowered his hand, the small point of darkness fading as he did. "Allow me to reintroduce myself. My name is Balthazar Abaddon. I am a devil. I possess the power to reach across worlds. I used this power to find you."

Aqua couldn't look away from the key in her hand. She was afraid. If she looked away from her most prized possession, would it still be there when she looked again?

"How is my keyblade here?"

"I opened a connection from this pocket dimension we are currently in to the world where you lost it, allowing you to call it to you once more. As I said, I have the power to reach across worlds."

"Why return my keyblade? You said you were looking for me. Why search for me?"

"I returned your keyblade as a gesture of goodwill. As for why I sought you out, I want you to return to my home with me."

Aqua was silent, staring down at the keyblade in her hands. Her grip on the hilt was tight. Afraid, she blinked. The keyblade was still in her hands when she opened her eyes. She closed her eyes for longer this time. The keyblade was still there when she opened them.

Aqua looked up at the man claiming to be a devil. "Why do you want me to go with you?" She looked back down when she was done speaking. Her keyblade was still in her hands.

"The devils of my world have created a method to reincarnate people of other races into devils. Those devils become part of the peerage of the devil that reincarnated them. I want to reincarnate you into a devil. I want you to join my peerage."

"Will you take my soul? I remember stories about devils stealing souls." She hadn't heard one of those stories in a long time, but she'd replayed them in her head over and over again just as she had every other story she could remember in an attempt to pass the time.

"No. I will not take your soul. If you do not agree to join me, I will send you back to the beach where I found you. With your keyblade, you will likely be able to find a way home."

"They didn't come for me." Aqua said, gently running her fingers down the length of her keyblade, still not quite sure it wouldn't disappear.

"I'm sorry." the devil said.

Aqua looked up at him. "Why?"

"Why what?"

"Why are you sorry? You came for me. My friends all left me to wander in that place. You didn't."

"I am still sorry you were left in that place for so long. If you would like, I can send you home. Not to the place I took you from, but to the place where you were before."

Aqua frowned. She should want to go. She should be happy to finally be offered a chance to return. That was what she wanted, right?

Aqua found she couldn't feel happy. She could once, but that place sucked the joy out of her. Maybe she'd be able to be happy again if she went home. Didn't she have unfinished business? Didn't she have things she still wanted to do in that place? She couldn't rightly remember. It was all so long ago. Her memories of that place were tainted by the misery of this one.

Aqua looked up at the devil. "You came here for me. Why would you just let me go if I decided not to come with you?"

"Because you were trapped in a place worse than Hell. You spent so long there that you lost part of who you are. I'm not a moral being. I'm manipulative and willing to use force to get what I want, but you didn't deserve what happened to you. I would only wish your experience on my worst enemies. As to why I would let you go after expending the effort to come here? I want willing servants. Recruiting someone into my peerage who is unhappy with their position will only cause me problems later."

"What is a peerage?" Aqua asked, finding herself curious. The devil had used the term, but it was unfamiliar to her. His earlier explanation was not very detailed.

"A peerage is a group of devils who all serve the same devil King. The group can have any number of members from two to sixteen. The positions in the peerage are modelled off of chess pieces due to the items we use to reincarnate others being magical chess pieces."

"Does your peerage already have other devils in it?"

"It does."

"How many?"

"There are three of us. Myself and two others that serve me."

"What chess piece do you want me to be?"

"I want you to become my Knight."

"What would it mean if I joined your peerage as your Knight?"

"What specifically do you want to know?"

"If I joined your peerage, what would I do?"

"I would give you freedom to do as you please, but when I needed you, you would have to carry out my orders, and it is inevitable you would need to fight on my behalf."

"I was a good fighter before, but that was a long time ago. I don't know if I'm that strong anymore. Would you still take me as I am?"

"I would."

"Why?"

"Many reasons. For one, your abilities are very powerful and mostly unheard of in the world I come from. For another, I have expended a large amount of energy to find you here and I do not want to leave empty-handed. Finally, I think you deserve a second chance. Maybe becoming a devil isn't your idea of a way to start over, but I extend the offer all the same."

"What happens if I don't like being in your peerage? Can I leave?"

"Once you become a devil, you will remain a devil. The only way you would be able to leave my service would be for me to trade you to another peerage where you would serve a different King. Some devils treat their peerages well. Others treat them as little better than slaves."

"How do you treat your peerage?"

"Like family."

Aqua looked down at her keyblade, laying her palm on the blade. How long had she spent on that beach, silently begging her friends to come for her? Had they come for her? No. A devil was her savior. Not her friends, but a creature from hell. If their positions were reversed, she would have done anything to save them. But she clearly didn't matter as much to them as they had to her. Once. No more.

"I don't want to go back. They didn't come for me. I…I have nothing left there. You came for me. It wasn't my friends that saved me, it was you. You gave me my keyblade back. I'll go with you."

"Are you sure? You can't undo this choice."

"I know. I…" Aqua frowned. "I want to start over. I want to figure out who I am again."

The devil remained silent, a complicated expression on his face.

"How do I become a devil?" Aqua asked him.

The devil was silent a moment longer before he lifted his hand. A glowing red chess piece appeared on his hand. "I push this into your chest. It will turn you into a devil."

"I'm ready." Aqua said, moving closer and leaning towards him.

The devil lifted the chess piece up, hesitating a moment before pressing the chess piece into her.

Aqua gasped as she felt.


X


I watched Aqua closely as we emerged from my Hole. She was looking down at herself in wonder. The darkness imbued into her arms was still present. Her once ocean-blue hair was bleached. She spun around, peering behind her to look at her new wings. She hadn't smiled once while I was talking to her. The first trace of anything akin to joy I witnessed was when I'd put my Knight in her and she'd been reincarnated. That place really messed her up. I think I underestimate just how much it would have affected her. I'd need to watch her and let Medea know to do the same.

Still, the ritual had been a success. A resounding success. With Medea's improvements to the ritual as well as her assistance performing it, it was much easier to pull off. I'd only spent half of the energy I was expecting. I had enough left over that I might be able to try for another peerage member right now, but it would be a close thing. Considering Aqua had yet to settle in, I would probably postpone any further searches for a while, giving me time to build up more power reserves. There were plenty of local prospects I could consider if I needed any peerage members in the near future, but for now, I felt we were strong enough.

Aqua stopped inspecting herself, as she noticed the third figure in the room with us. "Hello. Are you one of the people in Balthazar's peerage?"

Medea nodded. "I am Balthazar's Queen. My name is Medea, but please call me Caster."

"I'm Aqua. Please call me Aqua."

An amused smirk tugged at the corner of Medea's lip. "I think you and I will get along."

Aqua started looking all around us. "Where are we?"

"We are in the basement of my home." I said, stepping up next to Medea. "The house itself is set on my lands which are in the Underworld, the home of Devils. We are far removed from your world now."

Aqua frowned, a furious scowl taking over her face. "Not far enough." With a flash of light, her keyblade appeared in her hand. She closed her eyes, pointing her keyblade in front of her and slowly spinning around in a circle.

Medea shot me a questioning glance, but I just shrugged. I didn't know what Aqua was doing either. Seeing I held no answers, Medea's attention once more focused on Aqua, curiously studying the keyblade in her hand.

All of a sudden, Aqua's eyes snapped open. She stabbed her keyblade forward. A thin beam of golden light shot forth from the tip, stopping in the space where I'd opened the Hole I pulled Aqua through. Aqua turned the blade in her hands and I felt an explosion of power burst out from her.

"There, now I can leave the past behind." Aqua said, letting her keyblade hang at her side before scattering into motes of light. She turned to me. "I'm sorry, but could I get some food? I… I was stuck there for a long time and–"

"Say no more. Medea, could you take her upstairs? Let her raid the pantry. I'll cook something in a second." I wanted to check something first.

Medea walked up next to Aqua, placing a hand on her back and guiding her up the stairs. It didn't escape either mine or Medea's notice when Aqua flinched slightly at the contact, but she quickly relaxed, seemingly almost relieved. Medea and I had a silent conversation with our eyes over Aqua's shoulder. We were going to need to take things slow with her.

As the two of them disappeared down the hall, I walked over to the space where Aqua had used her keyblade. Curious, I tried to open the Hole I'd made connecting the two worlds.

My eyes shot wide. I… I couldn't open my Hole. Aqua had somehow locked me out.

I frowned, staring off after her. Maybe I'd underestimated what a keyblade could do. I'd originally set out to recruit Aqua specifically because I knew her keyblade could likely work in tandem with my powers, but this… I hadn't expected this.

That wasn't to say that I was angry about Aqua's actions. If anything, they were good. Her world had several nasty things I would rather not have coming to play here. Locking it away from our world was for the best. As a matter of fact, it was probably best that I ask her to lock the portal I pulled Medea from too to lock out that universe's nasty stuff. I'd been relying on the Dimensional Gap and Great Red to keep any unsavory consequences from catching up with me, but Aqua's power added another layer of security. I had actually written off a couple of potential peerage recruits because I didn't want to risk anything from their worlds following them through the portal I opened to retrieve them. If Aqua could lock the worlds behind me, I'd need to reconsider some of those potential recruits. One of the initial figures I wanted to be my knight stuck out most prominently in my mind. Without having to worry about that world's problems coming here…

I would also need to keep in mind that she could do more than I'd initially thought and not let myself be caught off guard when she pulled out a cool ability again.

Could she…

The largest limiting factor keeping me from easily using my ritual at present was the power cost. Scrying a location wasn't very intensive, especially after the improvements Medea had made and providing her assistance to the act itself, but opening a Hole through the nothingness between realities was a separate matter. Opening and sustaining that Hole was difficult. If Aqua could easily lock a Hole, she might be able to hold one open. Between my ability to use Hole, Medea's expertise and Aqua's keyblade…

It was something to discuss with my Queen. I saw potential here.

I turned to head up the stairs when a small Hole appeared next to me.

"Are you busy, Bal?" my sister's voice spoke from the other end.

"Hi, sis. Oh, I'm doing good. How are you?" I replied.

Kuisha sighed heavily. "If you want me to open with time with small talk every time I contact you, I will remember that for the future. Now, are you busy?"

"Depends? I just finished something, but now I need to spend some time with my Knight."

Kuisha was silent, but the Hole was still there.

"Ku?"

"Your Knight." Kuisha said, her voice sounded strained.

"Yes…?"

"Your Knight that I am only learning about right now?"

"Hey! I reincarnated her today. Like, less than fifteen minutes ago. I had no opportunity to tell you."

"Fine. If your new Knight and Queen are up for it, Sai wanted me to invite you all to a party tomorrow. He wants you to bring your peerage over so everyone can get to know each other better."

Oh… This wasn't going to make her happy.

"Can I bring my Pawn too?"

My sister was silent again.

"Ku?"

"Let me guess, you reincarnated your Pawn thirty minutes ago."

"No. He's actually been here for a little over a week now."

Silence.

"Ku?"

"It's like we lack a method to communicate with each other whenever we want. Why do you not tell me these things? Not one but two additions to your peerage is something you should share with me if not to let me know what my brother is up to, then for no other reason than to help me plan."

"Well you'll meet them tomorrow! Actually, you might not meet my Knight. I'll see how she's feeling. What time did Sai want us over there?"

"Noon. Try not to reincarnate anyone between now and then." The Hole closed before I could get another word in.

Okay, now she was just being dramatic. Maybe I had been reincarnating people faster than almost any other devil alive, but that was because all three of them were people any devil would kill to have in their peerage.

…At least, they would if they knew who any of them were and what they could do. Secrets I intended to keep hidden for as long as possible. I knew the truth would come out eventually, Coal especially would be hard to hide, but if I had a full peerage filled with strong individuals when the secret broke, I'd consider myself in a good position. There was safety in numbers after all.

I headed upstairs. I found all three members of my peerage in the kitchen. Medea was pulling out pots and pans to get ready to cook something. Aqua, meanwhile, sat in front of the kitchen table, every snack we had in the house arrayed in front of her. Coal stood next to her, waxing on about how the only real snack food we had was the venison jerky and how she should try that first.

Aqua seemed a little overwhelmed.

"Let her breathe, Coal." I said gently as I entered the room.

"I am merely trying to shield our newest member from your poor taste in sustenance, master. Meat is all one truly needs."

I sighed fondly, turning to Aqua. "Sorry about him. If any of us are bothering you just let us know and we'll give you some space."

Aqua shook her head, looking up at me with a soft smile. "It's okay. I… I like the noise. I like having people to talk to. Could you keep talking to me?"

Medea and I made eye contact, having a silent conversation.

"If that's what you want, then I have no reason to refuse. What would you like to talk about?" I asked.

"We shall discuss the many flavors and joys associated with the consumption of meat!" Coal grandly declared.

"No we shall not." Medea firmly denied without turning around, still gathering vessels to cook in.

Coal's shoulders slumped, a disappointed frown on his face.

"How about…" Aqua began slowly, eyes flicking between us to watch our reactions. "This… You brought me to a new world, right? I've been to other places before, but this feels new. Will you tell me about it?"

"Absolutely," I said easily, walking up next to Medea so I could help her prepare a meal. She had all kinds of ingredients out, leading me to believe she was going to make a bunch of different things and see what Aqua liked. "To begin, this world is made up of various…"

Medea and I took turns explaining the broader strokes of our world and our place in it to our newest peerage member with Coal enthusiastically inserting comments at certain points. Aqua spoke rarely, only to ask a short question before going back to munching on crackers and jerky.

She seemed…not happy, but content. Whenever there was a break in the conversation, she would frown minutely until someone started speaking again. It seemed she just enjoyed the sound of our voices. After spending so long trapped with no one around, I imagined it was nice to have people to talk to again.

Once the feast Medea and I made was done, we all sat around the table and conversation transitioned to ourselves. We more formally introduced ourselves, explaining who we were, where we came from and what brought us together. Aqua only made a single contribution to the discussion.

"My name is Aqua. I am… I was a Keyblade Master. I want to leave my past behind me. To forget it just as it forgot me. I look forward to a new future with all of you."


X


"Aqua, if you are not feeling up for this, then–"

"No, I want to come. You said your sister is there, right? I haven't been to a party in… I want to go." Aqua said, resolute in her decision.

Medea walked up beside me, squeezing my hand. She gave me a shallow nod, and I understood her meaning. She would keep an eye on Aqua while at the party.

I gave my Queen a grateful smile and turned back around to the assembled members of my peerage. "Well then, I guess it's time to go."

With a wave of my hand, a large Hole swept over us, transporting us to Sai's estate.

"Bal!" a boisterous voice greeted us. Sairaorg was walking towards us. Behind him, his entire peerage as well as a figure I didn't recognize worked to set up several tables laden with refreshments. "It's good to see you again."

"Good to see you too, Sai."

He turned to my peerage behind me. "It's good to meet all of you. I'm Sairaorg. Bal's older sister is my Queen."

Medea nodded politely. "It is good to meet you, Sairaorg. I am Caster. This is Aqua and Coal… Coal? Oh."

Sai and I turned to follow her gaze. Coal was striding away from us with a purpose, his eyes fixed on something. A figure walked away from where Sai's peerage was gathered, heading directly towards Coal.

"Regulus?" Sai said quietly, confused.

Regulus and Coal stopped just across from one-another and sized each-other up.

"I know you." Coal said.

Regulus nodded. "I know you, too."

They knew each other? I…admittedly was not aware of that fact. I guess the secret that I had reincarnated the Colchian Dragon was already no longer a secret.

They stared at each other for a long moment, breaking the silence together. Almost as if they'd rehearsed it, as one they said, "I want to fight you."

Regulus nodded contentedly. "Good. There is a training field behind the house. Come with me."

Sai and I stared dumbly at their backs as the duo completely disregarded everything and everyone but each other as they began walking away.

"Um…" Sairaorg began uncertainly. "I was going to offer some appetizers, but I guess we can go watch them spar? I know Regulus will be okay, but will Coal–"

"Coal will be fine." I assured him, inwardly chuckling. A dragon that can regenerate from almost anything and a lion that is almost impossible to hurt. What a pair. I'd have to be an idiot not to want to watch an unstoppable force meet an immovable object. "Let's go watch."

Sai gathered up his peerage, much to their confusion, and we all started following the two Pawns ahead of us.

"It might not be a formal introduction, but Bal, this is my new bishop Misteeta."

Misteeta was a small youn man who hid behind the cowl of his robe. I saw some green hair poking out, but he didn't say anything to us. He seemed shy.

Sairaorg continued on without missing ambeat. "Bal's peerage, this is the rest of my peerage. This is Coriana and Ladora, and that up there is Regulus. And this is my Queen Kuisha."

"Hey, sis." I greeted her with a wave.

"Little brother," she spared me a glance before turning to my Queen and Knight. "It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance Aqua. Caster, it is good to see you again."

"Likewise."

We made small talk as we all headed up to the arena.

Regulus and Coal hadn't waited for us. The moment they entered the arena, they were on each other, throwing punches and kicks. Regulus was proving to have the advantage, but I attributed that to the fact that Coal's experience was not as vast as Regulus's was. Coal hadn't had as much time as Regulus had to learn to fight like a devil.

The rest of us rushed to find seats so we wouldn't miss anything. I kept an eye on Aqua, but Medea sat right next to her, keeping her company and sharing a quiet conversation with her. She was well looked after.

"So, brother," Kuisha said as she sat down next to me. "That is your new Pawn you elected not to tell me about."

I sighed. "I was busy, Ku. I was buying up land and getting some construction started. It slipped my mind to let you know I recruited someone else." I narrowed my eyes at her. "Not that I'm obligated to do so or anything."

She shook her head. "Is it really too much to ask for you to keep me up to date on how you're doing? I just want to know what's going on in my little brother's life. I worry."

"Which is fine, and if you want me to let you know when I get new peerage members I will, but cut me some slack if I get distracted focusing on something else and it slips my mind."

"I guess I can agree to that." She focused back on the fight. Regulus was pushing Coal back towards the edge of the arena. "He seems…enthusiastic."

I chuckled. "Don't sugarcoat it, sis. He's getting his ass handed to him right now. Give it a minute, he'll even the odds."

She looked intrigued. "How many Pawns did it take to reincarnate him?"

"Six."

Her eyes widened slightly, looking down at my Pawn with new respect in her eyes. "Regulus took seven."

"Enough!" Coal's roar of frustration drew all attention down to the field. Regulus backed away from him, hands still up in a fighting stance. "This is not how you nor I desired to test ourselves, Regulus. Let us dispense with the charade!" Golden energy surrounded him in an aura as his form elongated.

Regulus grinned, roaring in challenge. The sound continued, growling deeper and more powerful as Regulus's orange hair gave way to a golden mane.

Kuisha gasped in her seat next to me as a black dragon with seams of gold running through its scales faced off against a golden lion.

"A dragon." Kuisha breathed, unbelieving.

I smirked at her. "Yep."

Like a striking viper, Coal descended on Regulus. His teeth scraped against the lion's hide, leaving no visible damage. Regulus used the chance to swipe at Coal with his claws, leaving deep gashes in the dragon's throat. Golden light poured out of the wound, healing it almost as soon as it was made.

Yeah, these two were the perfect combatants for each other.

Kuisha looked at me with a suspicious expression. "This was why you asked me about Ladora's power to tame dragons, wasn't it?"

I opened my mouth, then closed it, deciding how I wanted to play this. In the end, I realized I didn't want to lie to my sister if I could avoid it. "No."

She raised an eyebrow at me. "No?"

I nodded. "No."

"You expect me to believe you are plotting to acquire another dragon?"

"Believe what you want, but understand that I want nothing to do with that dragon." The idea of Issei even being near Medea made me want to murder something.

But then, Issei wasn't the only one with a dragon-themed Sacred gear around was he? Saji should be in that same area, right? I'd need to check later if Sona had already reincarnated him. Saji I would feel comfortable letting around my sister. Maybe I'd even move to reincarnate him myself. I'd have to discuss it with Medea.

"You're plotting something." Kuisha said suspiciously.

"I've found myself doing that a lot these days."

"It's okay to take a break, you know? In fact, you should take breaks. Are you at least sleeping now? Or has the fact that I'm no longer there to force you emboldened you?"

I considered that for a moment. I had been getting more sleep recently. I was still storing power in my pocket dimension, but I was much stronger than when I was younger. I could siphon less power for more gain, allowing me to actually rest now. And I had Aqua now, I might be able to open a Hole to another place with very minimal power consumption. I would be getting much more opportunity to rest in the future. But…my nights were now occupied with other activities.

"Yes and no." I said non committedly, watching as Regulus pounced into the air, digging his claws into the dragon flying above him and holding on in an effort to tear Coal out of the sky. Coal whirled around, trying to dislodge the lion, but Ruguls held firm, digging his teeth into Coal's scales.

"What is that supposed to mean?"

"Exactly what I said, sister."

"That is not helpful, little brother. Are you taking care of yourself or–"

"Hello, you two!" Medea said. She and Aqua had walked up behind Kuisha while she was focused on me.

Kuisha did not look pleased at the interruption. She turned to greet them, pausing as she looked at Medea. Medea winked at her and I had to suppress a sigh. Kuisha turned to me with wide eyes, rapidly looking between Medea and I. "You–"

"Aqua wanted to meet her King's sister, so I thought I'd bring her over." Medea said innocently, completely steam-rolling Kuisha. "I'll leave you two to get to know each other while I have a word with my King. Come on, honey."

Aqua stepped forward and held a hand out to Kuisha, a small smile on her face. "It's good to meet you, Kuisha. Caster has told me many good things."

"Has she?" Kuisha said through grit teeth, suppressing a growl as I took Medea's hand and let her guide me away. Aqua took my chair and started having a quiet conversation with my sister. Kuisha, being the polite individual that she was, engaged Aqua in conversation, but she shot Medea a scathing look over her shoulder as we departed.

"Please don't antagonize my sister so much. I'd like for you two to get along."

"But, master, it's so fun."

I sighed. "Just please keep it to where she won't hate your guts. Family dinners will be really awkward in the future if you two can't sit at the same table."

"Family dinners? My, how forward of you, master. You take a maiden's body and already seek to lay claim to her heart as well?"

I tugged on her hand, pulling her back into me so I could lean down next to her ear. "If I don't have your heart already, I will claim it. I won't stop until you gladly surrender it to me."

Medea chuckled. "You make such sweet promises, honey." She turned her head around and pulled me into a brief kiss.

Medea and I sat down just as Coal slammed Regulus into the dirt of the arena, dislodging the lion and allowing his wounds to heal. Coal zipped up into the sky, spinning around and rocketing back down. His great maw opened wide and superheated orange fire poured forth. Regulus regained his feet and glared up challengingly at Coal, allowing the fire to wash over him. When the flames faded, he stood undamaged. He leapt up once more, beating his paw against Coal's snout and driving him into the ground. He followed up his attack by slashing his claws into his downed foe. Coal gave as good as he got, winding his body around and striking his tail towards Regulus like a whip, sending the lion flying across the arena.

"I've got something to run by you." I said, to Medea as we watched the two supernatural monstrosities tear into each other.

"I'm listening."

"I know where some powerful Sacred Gear holders are. One of them has the potential to have infinite power, but I do not want to recruit him."

"Is he tied to a powerful organization or is it him personally you don't like?"

"The latter. The guy is an irredeemable pervert. Not the fun kind either. The, 'I'm going to peep on this person I've never met while they're changing and then giggle while taking pictures' kind."

"I was about to argue the many virtues of perversion, but I can see you really do not like this man. What do you intend to do?"

"I briefly considered telling Sai where he is, but then that would put him around my sister."

"I can see the problem."

"What do you think I should do?"

"There are a couple of things we could do. If he would be a good fit for Sairaorg's peerage, we could wrap him up in so many geas contracts that he cannot so much as think of your sister. Or, we could find another devil to give him to. What Sacred Gear does he have?"

"Boosted Gear."

Medea didn't let what she thought of that reveal show, simply watched Regulus's jaw latch onto Coal's tail as he thrashed about, trying to whip the dragon back and forth. Coal's flexible, serpentine body made it very difficult for Regulus to get any leverage.

"Sairaorg only has one Pawn left, leaving his strongest unused piece to be his Rook. The Boosted Gear might be too powerful for him to reincarnate."

"Well, the only other devil I know is Magdaran. I could reach out to others to see if they'd be interested in trading for information, but then they'd wonder where the information came from."

Medea turned away from the fight. Coal was trying to chew through Regulus's mane while the lion frantically tried to break free. "Where did the information come from, Balthazar? You know a lot. I have not pried, but I am curious."

I met her eyes, holding a hand up and opening a small Hole. "In an infinite multiverse, our lives will exist as someone else's stories. I was an avid reader once upon a time." It didn't go into deep details about where I got my knowledge, but it was the truth.

Medea smiled warmly as she leaned towards me. "I think I understand. Thank you for trusting me." She pressed a light kiss into my temple, weaving her fingers through mine as she took my hand. "What became of Boosted Gear in this story?"

"Rias Gremory reincarnated him to try to get out of her engagement to Riser Phenex."

Medea made a considering sound. "Lucifer's sister?"

"The same."

"There is potential there."

"I agree. There's also potential in giving him to the other Satan's sister, but I don't know if I want to attract the Satan's attention just yet."

"Do you know of other Sacred Gears you would be interested in?"

"A few. I know where Absorption Line is. That was one I was considering telling Sairaorg about. Its holder is a good guy. I also know where to find Sephiroth Graal, but it would attract the same attention giving Boosted Gear to the Satans would."

"Allied to a strong organization?"

"Unwilling, but yes. They aren't the largest players in the supernatural, but people would notice if they disappeared."

"We'll put plans for their complete and utter destruction to the side for a moment, at least until you can fully fill me in. I imagine you do not want to let this conversation drag on too long while we are here, even through the privacy wards I set up around us, but we will be returning to that subject at a later date."

"Understood. Thanks for setting up the wards by the way."

"Of course. Does this sudden fascination with Sacred Gear holders mean Aqua will be the last person you intend to recruit as you recruited me?"

I pursed my lips. "That's something else I wanted to talk about. I may have thought of a way to better do that which united us. If it works, there's at least one person I want to go for soon. We'll need to talk more about the details later."

"I look forward to it. It sounds like it will be an interesting conversation."

On the field below, Coal let out a cry of pain as Regulus pinned him down on his back, batting at him with his claws to open new wounds as fast as his healing mended them.

"Yield!" Regulus bellowed. "I have won this bout!"

"I yield!" Coal shouted. Regulus ceased his assault immediately, still standing on Coal's body. The two great monsters stared intently at each other.

A deep, rumbling chuckle shook Coal's body. Regulus's shoulders rose and fell as he began to chuckle.

Both monsters threw their heads back and laughed. Brilliant golden light shined so bright as to be blinding as their forms both shrunk down.

They had both returned to their humanoid devil forms. Their clothes were wrecked, shirts missing and pant legs torn, but neither one of them could control their laughter as they threw their arms around each other.

"Brother!" Coal shouted, pure joy in his voice. "The years have not dulled your edge, I see!"

"Nor have you weakened, brother!" Regulus replied, just as loud. "I am pleased to see you whole! It was a stroke of luck that my master found me when he did, allowing me to escape from my eternal prison. I feared you would dwell forever within that accursed helmet."

"I am free now, brother. That is all that matters, and my word binds me to speak no more on how I escaped."

Regulus pulled back, clapping Coal on the shoulder. "I don't care how you were freed, only that you were. Come! There is meat!" They threw their arms over one-another's shoulders, marching out of the arena and back towards the tables, already boasting about their exploits since their last meeting.

I felt really stupid as I watched them leave the arena. "Did you know they were brothers?"

Medea looked at me, confused. "Did you not?"

I shook my head numbly.

Medea giggled, patting me on the head. "There there, master. It seems glimpsing the infinite will leave you with the most peculiar blindspots. Don't you worry. I will be here to make up for your shortcomings."

"Well that was certainly something!" Sai said, walking over to us with Kuisha and Aqua at his side. "You continue to surprise me, Bal. I thought finding Caster as fast as you did was fluke, but then you found two more interesting peerage members in as much time? One of whom happens to be the Colchian Dragon? Well, now I think there's something going on. Hey, Bal," He had an eager grin on his face. "Watching that fight made me want to stretch my legs. You want to spar?"
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, dirge and 2,182 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 8
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#692
Sairaorg had an eager grin on his face as he awaited my answer.

Hesitantly, I said, "I don't know if–"

"What a wonderful idea!" Medea cheered from my side.

I shot her a scathing look. She smiled innocently at me.

"Great!" Sairaorg cheered, pulling off the jacket he'd been wearing, leaving him in a black tank top. "Let's go!" He leapt down to the other side of the arena. There was no magical assistance or flight in that jump, only pure strength. The man was strong, that was for sure.

Kuisha had an encouraging look on her face as she laid a hand on my shoulder. "Don't worry, Bal. Sairaorg won't hurt you."

I raised an eyebrow at her. "Thanks for the support, sis."

Kuisha sighed. "Of course I believe in you, but he is older than you and has been training all his life."

My wings shot out of my back, lifting me up into the air. I was staring at Sairaorg across the field as I said, "So have I."

As I drifted down to the arena ground opposite Sairaorg, my mind wandered.

I didn't have to agree to this fight. I'd been keeping my power hidden my whole life in the hopes of staying under the radar. While it would amuse my peerage and likely improve my relationship with Sairaorg to go through with this, I could just walk away, but I didn't want to.

I wanted to fight him. Sairaorg was a devil prodigy. He didn't inherit any special devil power. He wasn't like Vali where he lucked into having a Sacred Gear while still being a devil descended from the big L himself. He was, by all accounts, the failure of the Bael family, yet, in canon, he built himself back up and reclaimed his birthright with nothing but hard work. I wasn't sure exactly how his present self measured up to the man that Issei fought, but I would bet my left sock he was already at the pinnacle of High Class, perhaps even further beyond it. He might be knocking on the door of Ultimate Class.

I'd been training my whole life, but I'd never tested myself before. I knew I was far above other High Class devils after my showing in the High Class test, but I didn't know how wide that gap was. I wanted to find out.

"Hey, Sai?"

"Yeah?"

"Don't go easy on me."

Sairaorg grinned, slamming his fist into his open palm. "If that's what you want. I'll make sure you don't get hurt though."

"I will do the same."

Sairaorg barked out a laugh. "I love your confidence, Bal! It makes me think you're gonna show me something you've got hidden up your sleeve. Well, if you really want me not to hold back…" He adopted a well-practiced stance, his grin fading as he focused for a moment. All at once, power exploded around the arena. Sairaorg's form was wreathed in a pearl-colored aura that radiated strength. Touki. That enigmatic, spiritual frustrating ability.

"Here I come, Bal." With no further warning, he exploded towards me, rearing his fist back to strike. He was fast. Unfortunately for him, fast wasn't enough.

A Hole swallowed me, sending me to the connected Hole high in the air. Sairaorg followed me through the Hole, moving too fast for me to close it in time, but he did not emerge from the same Hole I did.

I'd experimented to exhaustion with Hole. I could perfectly control every aspect of the ability. Its size. Its reach. Its destination. Just because a Hole connected me to one point one moment didn't mean I couldn't instantly chain it to an entirely separate Hole, sending Sairaorg to a different point.

Sairaorg blitzed through the new Hole I opened inches from the ground, smashing into the dirt beneath him with enough momentum to crater the soil. The impact didn't hurt him. He was on his feet the moment he hit, but I was prepared.

All around the arena, Holes drifted through the air. You couldn't walk or fly five feet without brushing up against one. I held my hands out at my sides. Magical flames came to life in the air around me.

In the stands, I saw Kuisha's eyes wide in disbelief. Were she to attempt this, she would likely either fail or only be able to hold it for a short time. Hole was a potent ability, but the more complex you got with it, the more intensive it was to use. The difference between myself and my sister was that I was far better with our family's power than she was. From a young age, I'd used it to siphon my own power. Years ago, I discovered how to use Hole to reach across realities. Breaching the Dimensional Gap and the bout of nothingness beyond was far more difficult than anything else I had ever done. Compared to that, what I was doing now was child's play.

"If I wreck your training area, I'll help fix it." I called down to Sairaorg. The next moment, the air was full of steel and fire, raining down from every direction as I launched fire spells through Holes and sent weapons suspended in my pocket dimensions flying at him.

Sairaorg's body was a blur, expertly dodging around the tears in reality around him, avoiding fire and batting away steel even as it came through the Holes all around him. He was spectacular.

I was smiling. I felt the adrenaline. I felt the thrill of the challenge. This was fun.

Wanting to limit Sairaorg's absurd mobility, I clapped my hands together, pulling on a trick Medea had taught me. A dark mist seeped out from me, expanding into the space around me. I conjured dozens of Holes around me to absorb the mist, spreading it all around the arena.

Sairaorg saw the mist, attempting to dodge back away from it, but a Hole opened behind him choked the last haven of safe air with fog. The effect was immediate. Sairaorg slowed down, his muscles fatiguing under the weight of the curse. Still, it didn't put him down. It didn't even slow him all that much. There was a noticeable drop in his ability to dodge my attacks. Some hit him now, but they deflected off of his skin, leaving little to no damage behind. The man was durable.

He flew up towards me. I opened a Hole in his path, connected to one at my side. I sent a torrent of fire through the Hole at my side. The one in front of Sairaorg erupted in all directions like an omnidirectional volcano. He was forced to back off and take a wide berth around it.

I opened more Holes, using the trick again and again, but, even hampered by my curse, he was still agile enough to dodge around them. I couldn't hit him with them because he was just too fast.

I'd need to try something else.


X


The corner of Medea's lip pulled up in a pleased grin as she watched Balthazar fight. It was always pleasing to see the fruits of her labor manifest. Balthazar was a natural at magic, a gift of his devil heritage most likely, but he did not coast along on the current of his potential as most did. He strove for more, always pushing, combining his raw power with a sheer-minded determination to succeed. It was one of the things that made her quite taken with her new master. Seeing that same intensity in his eyes when he pursued his strength directed at her set her aflame. She doubted she would ever tire of it.

"They're…very strong." Aqua said from her seat at Medea's side. She had been watching the fight with wide eyed fascination.

"Yes, they are." Medea commented.

On the field below, Sairaorg, even weakened as he was by the cursed mist Balthazar had employed, was attempting to catch Balthazar in one place long enough to strike him, always slipping through a Hole before Sairaorg could reach him. The disgraced Bael heir seemed to lack much in the way of ranged options. Perhaps that was why he had reincarnated Kuisha as his Queen? With an Abbadon at his side to transport him with Holes, he would not need to worry about closing the distance to his opponent. Contrarily, fighting that same ability as he was now put him at a distinct disadvantage.

"How is…Sairaorg?"

Medea nodded at Aqua's shy question. She'd heard many names in the short time they'd been here. It was natural she would have a hard time remembering them.

"How is Sairaorg not hurt? I've seen him hit by spears, but they left no damage."

"Touki." It was not Medea who answered, but Kuisha, sitting on Aqua's other side. "He has managed what no pure-blood devil before him has and managed to manifest his life force to enhance himself. It magnifies all of his physical characteristics including his durability. It is very difficult to damage him while he uses the technique."

"I wouldn't be able to take those blows." Aqua said. "Maybe if I was wearing my armor I'd…" Aqua trailed off, a sad frown on her face.

"There is no reason to feel inadequate." Kuisha comforted her with a smile on her face. "Sairaorg has trained for a long time to become as strong as he has." She turned back to the fight, her smile thinning into a line. "Which is why I am confused that this fight is still going on. I don't remember Bal ever showing any of this to me."

Medea saw the opportunity to needle Kuisha, but she let it pass, she had other concerns at present. Aqua was still frowning, drawn off in her own little world as she stared longingly at nothing.

She missed this armor she once wore then? Well that wouldn't do. This would be remedied as soon as the opportunity presented itself. For the present…

"I believe some refreshments are in order." Medea cut in with a smile, reaching into the bag at her side and retrieving a box wound with a ribbon. The box was far too large to have actually fit in the bag, but Aqua didn't seem to notice her little trick. Kuisha watched her with narrowed eyes, but Medea paid her no mind. She opened the box and offered it to Aqua.

"Cupcakes?" the Knight asked, tilting her head to the side cutely.

"I made them a few days ago. Hopefully they're still good."

Aqua picked up a cupcake and took a small bite. "They're good!" she said, feverishly finishing her cupcake and taking another.

Potions and paltrices were one of Medea's specialties. They required extensive knowledge and immense skill. Next to mastering such a complex discipline, learning to bake and cook was child's play.

A thunderous boom sounded from the arena, drawing all attention back to the fight.

Sairaorg was picking himself up from the ground, clutching at a smoking point on his chest. Balthazar hovered in the air above him, hands held at his sides, a fist-sized Hole open in front of each of his hands.

Medea absentmindedly picked up a cupcake and took a small bite as waves of crimson power drifted away from Balthazar's body. It seemed he was starting to get serious.


X


Sairaorg was good. No, that wasn't fair to him. Sairaord was a fucking shounen protagonist stuck in someone else's story. Seriously, Boosted Gear or not, how did Issei beat this guy? He was fighting me without Regulus, and the only reason he hadn't landed a hit on me was because Hole was completely busted, not to mention a perfect counter to a martial artist. If he had landed a hit on me, I wasn't sure I'd be able to recover in time before he started to ground-pound me into submission. I was tough, but I wasn't 'tank a hit from spare protagonist' levels of tough.

This wasn't even mentioning the fact that he looked like I hadn't even scratched him. Slowed down as he was by my curse, I'd managed to land several good hits on him with my weapons and fire spells alike. Aside from a singed tank top, I had nothing to show for it.

Guess it was time to field test some stuff.

A small Hole the size of my fist opened in front of each of my hands as I focused my power.

Sairaorg saw I was trying something and leapt up towards me, how wings beating against the air to help him dodge around Holes I opened in his path to send him away. His reaction times were unreal. He'd almost made it to me when a cacophonous boom like ten overlapping lightning strikes shook the arena.

Sairaorg grunted in pain, blasted backwards through the air to smash into the wall of the arena, leaving a small crater. He stumbled his way out of the crater, holding his chest. There was smoke drifting up from where he'd been struck. I grinned.

I'd spent a lot of time trying to push Hole to its limit. My accidental jaunt to the Dimensional Gap was the result of one such test, but it wasn't the only of its kind. When I'd opened that Hole, I'd been testing the range of my power. This attack that actually seemed to hurt Sairaorg was a result of testing other limits.

I knew from watching Kuisha practice that Holes could vary in size. They could be large enough to swallow a person or small enough to only allow a rock to pass through. I wanted to know exactly how small and big I could make my Holes. Large Holes were…hard. Anything past the size I used to transport my peerage around became exponentially more difficult, with a Hole even double that size requiring ten times the power and tiring you out ten times as quickly. That wasn't to mention that they were slower. Focusing that power took time, time you could use to just open a regular sized Hole and attack that way. Large Holes simply weren't worth it.

Small ones though… Those were fun.

It was a lot easier to open a small Hole than a large one, although I had to work at it for a while before I got good at it. Smaller ones were a matter of precision rather than power. Precision could be trained much easier than power.

As much as I tried to push the limits of my power and grow in strength, I couldn't make them too small to be visible to the naked eye. I'd tried really hard to do so. Maybe I'd be able to at some time in the future if I kept training, but that was just beyond me right now. The best I could manage was a Hole the size of a spider's eye.

What use is a portal that small? You can't transport anything through it, right? On the contrary, you can. You see, you don't need to have two Holes of the same size connected to each other. I could take five minutes to create one as large as a house and pair it to a normal sized Hole. The clincher was you couldn't send something through a larger Hole that wouldn't fit through the smaller one, which was why Kuisha never bothered with ridiculously large or small Holes, just 'normal' sized. She didn't think it was worth the effort to make a smaller Hole she couldn't transfer an attack or an ally through. She'd been thinking too rudimentary. Spells, weapons, people – those weren't the only things you could send through Holes. I'd discovered at a young age that I could use my Holes to siphon away my demonic power to help myself grow stronger. Pure, concentrated power. Energy.

It was crude, akin to hitting something with a rock depending on how you looked at it, but I could shove my power into my Holes and have it shoot out the paired one on the other side. I could tailor the amount of power I sent through, making the attack lighter or stronger. If I shoved a bunch of pressure through a fist-sized Hole on one side and it was forced to shoot out of a much smaller Hole on the other side, as small as a spider's eye for example, the force of the attack would magnify immensely as the attack was all forced out of a smaller opening all at once. It was the same principle as a rifle really. Give the energy nowhere to go but out and you get a really nasty punch. So far, this little trick was the only thing I'd been able to actually hurt Sairaorg with.

And I hadn't put everything I had into that strike.

A tiny Hole owned behind Sairaorg, knocking him into the dirt as I struck again. Dozens of miniscule Holes opened around him and battered him from all angles as I rapidly sent power into the Holes in front of my hand, switching their pairing between all of the miniscule ones orbiting in the air around Sairaorg with every new attack even as the Holes orbited around him. No strike came from the same direction.

He was curled in on himself, arms held up protectively to weather the assault. I wasn't sure if he was waiting for me to tire, but that wouldn't happen anytime soon. One of the advantages to this attack was that it cost me barely anything to use. Couple that with its destructive potential and it was an amazing spammable. I'd just never had a chance to use it against someone who deserved to face it. The girl in the High Class test might have actually died if I hit her with this. Sairaorg was hurt, but he looked more determined than anything else.

Man, I felt inadequate. Here I was, going as close to all out against him as I could without actually hurting him, and he was still on his feet, still rearing to go. The man had a Longinus Sacred Gear that he was the user of because of the weird circumstances surrounding his resurrection of Regulus. He was handi-capped and I still couldn't put him down without serious injury. If I threw caution to the wind and powered up every strike to its limits I was confident I could do it, but it might cause lasting damage or outright kill him. Sairaorg was a cool guy. I didn't want to do that to him.

The attacks batting Sairaorg to and fro halted. He flew backwards through the air away from the Holes I'd sent around the arena. One by one, every Hole winked out, leaving only Sairaorg and I in the arena.

Sairaorg's eyebrows were furrowed. "You're good, Bal. If I'm honest, you're better than most I've gone up against. I wasn't expecting that."

"I'll take that as the complement it is, but I will also point out that Hole is a hard counter for you. Which is why," I was going to regret this. "I won't use it for the remainder of the fight."

Ever since I was young, even as I worked to use Hole to its fullest potential, I tried to find avenues to fight without it. There were methods to lock away someone's power in this world, the Beliel's power of Worthless was just one of the more popular ones. I needed to be able to fight without my greatest weapon.

With Hole, I was beating Sairaorg back to a near-sure victory, albeit without his Sacred Gear. Without Hole… I could beat Rias Gremory. I could beat Sona Sitri. I was confident I could overcome Riser Phenex's Immortality. But all of them were minor threats. They were still young. Rias hadn't risen to her canon heights. Beating them wouldn't be much of an accomplishment. I needed to see where I stood in relation to actual threats. With Hole, I'd fared very well against Sairaorg, but he wasn't facing me with his full strength despite my request. Regulus and Coal were still off on their own somewhere and that wasn't likely to change. Sairaorg was fighting me without his greatest trump card while I used Hole with reckless abandon. Without it, I wasn't sure how well I would fare against him.

Let's find out.

Only one Hole was left beside me. I used it to retrieve a spear from my pocket dimension before the Hole closed, the last I would use in this fight. Why was my weapon of choice a spear? Simple, I wasn't a close-quarters fighter. I'd trained with weapons over the years, but I'd found I had more skill with spears and polearms than bladed weapons or even maces. As far as I was concerned, the further I was from my opponent the better. I could stab someone through a Hole with a spear and retract it without fear of someone grabbing my hand, or, failing that, just drop the spear and pull a new one from another Hole before my opponent could stop me. The same wasn't necessarily true for a sword.

Sairaorg watched me intently as I lowered myself to the ground across from him. "Do you still want me to fight seriously?"

"There wouldn't be a point to this otherwise. Just no permanent injury please."

"That goes without saying. This is a spar. I know you were holding back from hurting me earlier, and you can trust me to do the same." He grinned. "I'm still gonna pay you back for all the bruises I'm gonna have though."

I settled into a defensive stance with my spear. "Give it your best shot."

The ground cratered under Sairaorg's feet as he launched himself towards me, the pearl-colored aura of his Touki flaring around him.

When I was younger, I tried everything I could think of to grow more powerful. I knew of Touki's existence, and I knew the broad strokes of what it was, but try as I might, I couldn't figure out how to unlock it. I trained myself beyond exhaustion, I meditated, I did everything I could think of to achieve it. Even still, I was never able to. I gave up, looking at other avenues to enhance myself in a similar way to Touki. My solution likely wasn't as good, but it had the benefit of being something I knew more about than Touki. It was also magic. When you were born into a race whose talent for the arcane was limited only by their power and imagination, that made things much easier. And since this particular magic was blatantly stolen from her home, Medea was able to help me improve it even further since I'd reincarnated her into my peerage.

Streams of verdant energy like electrical wires spread out over my body, encompassing my arms, legs, head, everything. The veins of energy shone bright like an emerald as Sairaorg closed the distance to me. When my preparations were made, I moved to counterattack.

Long before Sairaorg would reach me, I thrust my spear forward. A beam of orange energy shot forward from the tip. Another advantage to long weapons. Their length made them similar to staves. They weren't as good a spell focus as a staff would be, but they were certainly easier to channel magic through than a sword would be.

Sairaorg easily weaved around my attack and kept bearing down on me. Before I could launch another one, he was on me.

He dodged my initial thrust and moved to strike with his fist. I spun away from his strike, sweeping my spear in front of him to conjure a wall of fire between us. I pushed the wall forward.

Sairaorg exploded through the fire wall, the white corona of his Touki flaring bright. The fire hadn't affected him at all. The flame wall had the unintentional side effect of blocking his movements from my field of view. The first thing I saw emerge was a fist headed straight towards my head.

A resounding boom shook the arena. The remnants of my flame wall scattered under a shockwave of force. Sairaorg and I stood in the center of the field, him wreathed in pearl-like light, my skin lit from beneath by emerald lines of energy. Sairaorg's fist had impacted my forearm with enough strength to create a shockwave around us. This man had spent his entire life training. He was empowered by his herculean life force via his Touki. And yet, I took the blow without so much as flinching.

I saw Sairaorg's eyes briefly widen in surprise before he was spinning away from the butt of my spear as I swung it around towards him, trailing red energy as it went.

Sairaorg leapt up into the air, narrowly avoiding the crackling bolt of red energy that shot out of my staff. I used the opening to leap back away from him.

I was beyond ecstatic. I hadn't known for sure how powerful my Reinforcement was before now. It had just taken a strike from a man who trained his entire life to be a martial art's master and I had barely even felt the hit. My Reinforcement worked. Still, I had no illusions about how a close quarters battle between us would go.

Sairaorg had trained for his entire life to become a master martial artist. For a significant portion of that life, he had been heir to the Bael Pillar. As such, he would have had access to the greatest teachers available. I would not be able to beat him in melee. While I had trained a lot in this life, half-remembered lessons from a black belt in karate from my first life was not nearly enough to equate to the instruction Sairaorg would have received. I needed to keep my distance, another reason I liked using a spear. My weapon would make it harder for him to close the distance on me.

That was what I thought anyway.

Sairaorg charged me head on, barrel-rolling through the air on his wings to avoid several more spells shot from my spear. When he grew too close, I thrust my spear forward. Sairaorg punched my spearpoint away, soaring past its effective range and in far too close to me. I blocked his first punch, but he was a better fighter than me and I was caught flat-footed by his maneuver.

I doubled over as Sairaorg's foot buried itself in my stomach. My arms barely came up in time to absorb the punch heading for my head.

The blow sent me flying across the arena, rolling to a stop in a kneeling position, the butt of my spear digging into the dirt to help me steady myself. I didn't feel any damage, but I definitely didn't enjoy being knocked around.

Sairaorg didn't give me any time to breathe, already charging towards me.

I couldn't fight him on his terms. He would win. I'd trained to use weapons, but I was a mage first and foremost. Sairaorg, on the contrary, was a brawler, a damn good one at that. I needed to change things up.

I shot up into the air, my spear held high above my head, an orange energy building within its tip. I aimed it down at Sairaorg as he flew up towards me. He was already moving to dodge another energy beam when something new emerged.

A translucent, orange-hued spectre nearly identical in shape to myself shot forward from my spear, rearing back to strike Sairaorg. It wasn't a Shadow Clone, but it was the best I could figure out how to make without any proper instruction.

If Sairaorg was surprised by its sudden appearance, he didn't show it, merely rolling through the air and punching his way through the spirit as he continued charging towards me. The spectral copy scattered into motes of energy as Sairaorg plowed through it.

I'd honestly expected that to slow him down at least somewhat. I needed to try something else. I gathered my power, preparing to meet Sairaorg in the air.

An explosion of power beneath me pulled my attention from the fight. Sairaorg whirled around as well. Were we under attack?

There, standing on the field below us, were Kuisha and Medea. Kuisha had a deep frown on her face. Medea looked exceedingly pleased.

"That's enough, I think." Kuisha called up to us. "We still have yet to give our guests anything to eat, Sai."

Sairaorg's Touki faded instantly. He floated up next to me in the air, holding his head and chuckling. "Sorry about that, Bal. I kinda got carried away."

I huffed, irritated at the interruption, but pleased with the fight all the same. My Reinforcement slithered back down my skin as I took Sai's offered hand. "That was fun. I haven't been able to test myself against another devil like that in…ever. We need to do it again."

"Oh, we will. Next time I might even break out some of my other tricks for you. Now, come on! There's food!"


X


By the time we made it to the tables out in front of Sairaorg's home all the salami and beef was gone. Coal and Regulus sat a short distance away, passing a very expensive looking bottle back and forth as they boisterously conversed.

Sairaorg had taken Aqua under his wing. I didn't know if he saw how much she was floundering or was just trying to be a good host, but he showed her around to the various dishes and led her through short conversations with each of his peerage members. When they got to Coriana, Sairaorg left her. Coriana and Aqua sat down together and seemed lost in their own little conversation. I kept an eye on her just in case, but Aqua had a small smile on her face the entire time they were speaking, so I let it be. The more friends she made the better as far as I was concerned. I wasn't a therapist, but more people around her couldn't hurt.

Ladora had wandered over to where Regulus and Coal were still drinking heavily and joined in. He didn't contribute much in the way of conversation, but the mythical beasts didn't seem to mind his presence.

Medea had somehow cornered Misteeta when no one was looking. She loomed over the guy and seemed to be interrogating him. Misteeta was looking around for help, but he hadn't started actively running yet. If things got too out of hand, I would step in, but as it was I was letting Medea have her fun.

"That was…quite a showing, little brother." Kuisha said, sitting down at the table next to me.

I lifted my glass towards her. "The product of many years of hard work, sister dear."

Kuisha was frowning, not meeting my eyes. "So you have been working on that for years? I thought it was just the fire magic. The green veins, the mist, the spirit copies – I've never seen those, and I would guess there is more you didn't show, isn't there?"

I slowly nodded, watching her reaction closely. She seemed…sad?

"Why did you never tell me, Bal? Did you think I wouldn't help you? When did you even have time to learn all that? Someone had to teach you."

"I didn't really have a teacher for anything outside of fire magic," She would know as said teacher had been her. At least at the start before I started experimenting. "For everything else… I just used my imagination."

Kuisha barked out a short laugh. "So my little brother is just a prodigy able to fight a devil twice his age to a standstill."

"Sairaorg wasn't going all out."

"But neither were you, brother." That sounded more like an accusation than an observation.

"Ku, what do you want me to say here? Are you mad I didn't tell you about this? If so, I'm sorry you didn't know, but you knew I was training. I needed to be strong to achieve what I wanted in the Underworld.

"And what is that, Bal? Every time I have asked you what you desired out of life you've always said you wanted to get stronger. You never had an end goal. What is your end goal?"

"At first it was security. Now…" I had only three peerage members, but I would pit them against almost any peerage in the Underworld and be confident they would succeed… Once Aqua was better anyway. Discounting that, I had more land to my name now than most minor nobles. I had plans in place to generate wealth and potential avenues to generate riches. Combine that with some potential trades for favors, and I would be a force to be reckoned with. I could elevate my house to be equal to Pillar houses. Once my business started to succeed, I could probably apply right then and there for a Barony, but I had ideas to reach far higher. "I'm going to make House Abaddon great." I finished my thought.

Kuisha was silent for a moment. "Where do I factor into your plans, Balthazar?"

"What do you mean?"

"One of the main reasons I sought Sairaorg out was to protect us both. After losing his heirship, he does not have as much influence as he once did, but even still, he was strong enough to shield us from those who would abuse our ability to use Hole. I wanted us both to be safe. I…" She looked up at me regretfully. "I did the best I could when you were younger, but our parents did not leave me enough to give you a great childhood. Even then, we had far too much attention on us. I burned through the treasury to appease lords waiting in the wings to take you away from me. You were young, held great potential, were impressionable and a subject of intrigue. You were valuable in many eyes."

I was frowning, glaring at nothing. "Did anyone hurt you to get to me?"

She laughed shortly. "Nothing so dramatic, brother. I gave them each a large sum of money and they lost interest. You were a curiosity, but not one worth rejecting a bride to be on their way."

"Do you remember the names of these individuals?" I would have a few choice words for these individuals when I was fully established. Perhaps even something more impactful than words.

"I kept a ledger. I will make a copy and give it to you." She shook her head. "But we've drifted away from the original topic. Where do I fit into your plans, Bal? Is there a place for your sister in the new, Great House of Abaddon?"

"Ku, you shouldn't even need to ask. Yes, there is a place for you. I thought you were happy with Sairaorg. If I knew you'd only joined to–"

"No," she waved me off. "While shielding us was a large reason, it was not the only reason. I have ambitions of my own, and Sairaorg…"

I smirked. "Easy on the eyes, isn't he?"

Kuisha glared at me. "You're one to talk. Tell me, are you enjoying you and your Queen's nighttime activities?"

"Very much, yes. How are things going with Sai?"

Kuisha sputtered, not expecting me to so easily weather her throwing my sex life in my face. Joke's on her. Medea was hot. She was capable. I really liked her. She and I were sharing a bed. I was not ashamed of that fact.

"I… I am taking things slow." Kuisha said, a nuclear blush heating up her cheeks.

"Don't take things too slow, Ku. You deserve him. He's just good enough to deserve you too. But don't wait too long. He may not be in as poor a position as we once were, but it is inevitable that people will offer him marriage contracts that he will have to seriously consider for your collective future. Even if he didn't inherit the Power of Destruction, his children still could."

Kuisha frowned. "I don't want him to think I am using him for his position. It's more than that."

"Then sit him down and have a conversation with him. Outline everything very clearly and make him a part of the plan. Tell him why you joined, how you want him to be heir again and to be at his side when he does. Boom. Done."

Kuisha sighed. "Plans change, Bal. I'm glad you have a path now. I'm happy you're standing on your own feet, but I can't plan for everything. If the two of us ever–"

"Nope." I cut her off.

She frowned at me. "Bal, take this seriously. It's impossible to predict where we will be in–"

"Ku, you're not clued in on a lot of what I'm planning. I'm sorry if that hurts, but I have things in the works that I can't trust with anyone without magically enforced loyalty to me. My peerage will keep it to themselves even without the magically enforced loyalty. They all owe me even beyond the more obvious, but I can't talk about why. If things go the way I want, I will be as independent as a strong devil can be. I'll be able to pick my friends and tell others to fuck off because people will owe me favors, but I won't owe them. I'm not going to let myself be pulled into a situation where the two of us are at odds."

"You can't promise that, Bal." She sounded resigned. "I hope that is the case. I hope things work out for both of us and we can be strong allies, but I won't hold it against you if–"

"It won't happen, Ku. You're my sister. You're the only family I have left. Sorry if I kept things from you, but I didn't do it because I don't want you around. I'm overly cautious, almost to a fault. That's why Caster's good for me. She's been the main driving force behind a lot of the more risky plays I've made that have paid off. I wouldn't have recruited Coal or had the opportunity to do so without her input."

Kuisha followed my gaze, watching as Misteeta was now slowly sliding away from Medea only for her to follow him. "Who is she?"

I took a sip of my drink, trying to be casual when I said, "Caster? She's a witch. We met a little while ago and she agreed to be my Queen."

Kuisha huffed. "I know you better than you think, Bal. Many devils will look at a name like 'Caster' and attribute it to some strange quirk, be it to appear mysterious or some deeper personal meaning. If it were just her using the name, I wouldn't have picked up on anything, but you feel like you're hiding something every time you say it. It sounds forced, like you want to call her something else. It's an alias. Who is she really?"

"Not my secret to tell. I may be her King, but I don't rule her life. Just… Keep this little discovery to yourself please?"

"I won't tell the entire Underworld that my brother is hiding something. Even if we weren't siblings, we are firm allies. What benefits you will likely aid me in the future."

Medea looked over her shoulder, finally realizing she was being watched. Misteeta used the opening to flee, disappearing around behind the house. Medea walked over to us, sitting down at my side and leaning over to kiss my cheek. "Hi, honey."

"Hi," I said, taking her hand in mine.

"Were you talking about me?"

"We were."

"Good things?"

"I told her you're a secret and that she shouldn't tell anyone about you."

Medea frowned, turning to look at Kuisha. "You've determined my identity?"

Kuisha was looking at Medea like she was trying to solve a puzzle. "No. I only know that there is more to you than you wish for others to know."

Medea grinned. "Most would be able to surmise as much, but they would also fail to uncover the truth."

Kuisha's eyes narrowed minutely. "Challenge accepted."

Before any more words were exchanged, I felt a ping of magic. I turned to my side, seeing Medea watching me intently. She'd felt it too.

I reached through a Hole, picking up the gold-inscribed envelope that had landed on my kitchen table, having to be allowed through the wards before entering the premises.

"What is that?" Kuisha asked.

"Letter from Magdaran." I said. Suddenly, she was hyper-focused on the envelope.

I tore it open and unfolded the paper, reading through its contents. Medea leaned over my shoulder to read through it with me.

"What does it say?" Kuisha asked. She'd been tapping her foot while we read through it.

"Mag's having trouble getting things set up. His parents aren't helping him because they think his 'side project' is a waste of time, so we don't have any of the Bael's influence helping us like we thought we would." I explained, running through potential solutions in my head.

"We could cut ties, master." Medea said. "While working with him would be preferable, with our stores and the items we intend to sell, we are now in a better position than he is. We would be helping him more than he would be helping us."

"True, but I think it's best if we work together. While we don't have the Bael's economic backing, the Bael name should still open up a lot of doors."

"It would be easier for me to unseat Magdaran if he was unsuccessful in his endeavors." Kuisha pointed out, watching my reaction.

"I don't think that's the right play. I could be wrong, but I really don't think he likes being heir. If we give him something that he actually enjoys to focus on, he'd be more willing to vacate his seat." I countered.

Medea made a considering sound, taking the letter from my hand, looking over its contents closely. "The main issue he cites is his inability to secure permission to trade with factions beyond the Underworld. That and supplies."

"I have an idea for supplies." I said, thinking of the potential synergy inherent in mine and Aqua's powers when used in tandem.

Medea smirked. "And I have an idea for the permissions. Master, you remember our earlier discussion about a certain pervert. I believe I know how best to make use of that information."

Kuisha looked between the two of us, an expression of utter befuddlement on her face, "What?"


Spoiler: Author's Note
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, dirge and 2,048 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 9, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 9
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#830
Serafall Leviathan was a busy woman. Try as she might to enjoy herself, she found her days were more often filled with stress and chaos than not. Meet with this faction to chide them for over-reaching. Apologize to that dignitary for a young idiot from one of the Pillars trying to reincarnate someone important's daughter. While her fellow Satans saw to the maintenance and operations of the Underworld, Serafall found herself used for damage control on most occasions. It was tiring. It was also tedious, filling her schedule with unexpected trips across the world at the drop of a hat and meetings booked out for a month.

Needless to say, it was really hard to get a meeting with her, not that many even tried. Sure, she was a Satan, but people didn't see her in the same light as Sirzechs and Ajuka. Part of that was due to her own efforts to appear approachable, both to the denizens of the Underworld and beyond, but it was also because she didn't share their reputation. She was one of the strongest devils alive, but she wasn't a Super Devil. If someone sought her out, it was almost always to deal with some foreign problem or to petition her to make moves on their behalf, because surely a Satan had time to do what they couldn't be bothered to do themselves. It was aggravating.

That was why Serafall was surprised when her secretary told her of another request for a meeting some two weeks ago. She recognized the name of the requestor, or at least his family name. Abaddon – a once great house that boasted powerful and influential figures during the Great War. Many of those number were killed with almost all the rest following during the Civil War. There were few Abaddons left, three if Serafall remembered right.

One of these she had the unfortunate pleasure of crossing paths with at semi-regular intervals. The strongest Rating Games competitors would appear at functions her status required her to attend, forcing her to interact with Bedeze far more than she would have preferred. The man was an insecure weasel, always pouting when he wasn't crowned the best at everything he attempted, but refusing to make any effort to change that fact. Every time they crossed paths, Bedeze got on her nerves, but she had to smile and pretend there was no issue because politics were exhausting.

For his relation to Bedeze reason alone, Serafall had considered rejecting Balthazar's request for a meeting almost out of hand. Her experience with the last of the Abaddons was limited to Bedeze, and she hadn't liked what she'd seen. After looking further into their situation, she saw that the other two, Kuisha and Balthazar, had been estranged from Bedeze for some time. If her sources were to be believed, the two had next to no contact with Bedeze growing up.

Serafall wasn't sure what Balthazar wanted, approaching her for a meeting out of the blue, but she saw an opportunity. Bedeze was firmly in the Old Satan Faction's pocket. House Abaddon, while practically nonexistent these days, was once a strong power. Its name still carried weight in certain circles. If Serafall had a chance to pull what remained of the house into the New Satan Faction, she would secure some favor with certain undecided Pillars that valued purity and legacy.

So Serafall agreed to meet with Balthazar and his Queen as the young man had sent forward in his request. She received a second letter shortly after her acceptance wherein the young Abaddon thanked her for agreeing to meet with him and didn't stir up any fuss about being told to wait for two weeks. That was a point in his favor. Most devils Serafall had interacted with would have taken it as a slight, but she really was just that busy.

The meeting drifted from Serafall's mind as she found herself embroiled in sorting out a minor dispute over borders with the Greeks. Then a case where a minotaur had been murdered with seemingly no cause by a minor Pillar's spare heir. The lord of the Pillar in question obviously claimed no fault, but that didn't help Serafall appease the angry tribe.

She didn't like using the fact that her people were in one of the strongest positions seen in the supernatural as a stick to threaten people into compliance, but she found herself doing that more and more these days. People were less likely to make trouble if they thought it would invite true involvement with the devils. Hell was feared for a reason. Even lacking its Super Devils, there were few factions that could field nearly as many capable fighters. Evil Pieces had weighed the scales in their favor all those years ago when the current Beelzebub made them. Serafall made a mental note to get Ajuka something nice.

Serafall reclined back in her office chair, slowly spinning in a circle as she was finally able to catch her breath. After a full week of running around, she'd had a full hour to herself today. It was bliss. She'd have considered cancelling the Abaddon kid's meeting with her to rest some more if he hadn't been patient enough to wait in the first place. Repaying that kindness with unprofessional behavior wasn't how she did things. No matter how much she really wanted to right now.

Serafall sent a pulse of power through the magic circle on her desk. One of her secretaries had just used it to inform her the Abaddon and his Queen were here. She'd sent a message to tell them to come up.

She sat up straight in her chair, rolling her head around her shoulders to get the kinks out as she reestablished her front of power and professionalism. She was the current Leviathan, and she would act like it. At least in front of people she didn't know well enough to be herself.

The door to her office opened, permitting two figures to enter.

A young man with golden hair and eyes like sapphires swept into the room. He wore a black suit and tie with a crimson red shirt. He walked several paces into the room, pausing a few feet from the threshold to bow. "Satan Leviathan, thank you for taking this meeting with us. I am Balthazar Abaddon and this is my Queen Caster." His purple-haired Queen stepped up beside him, gently pinching the hem of her dress as she curtsied at his side. There was something familiar about the pointed ears and cunning gaze of the Queen, but Serafall was having trouble putting her finger on it.

Serafall shook her head, motioning for the two of them to rise. "That's not necessary. Come in and have a seat." As they approached, Serafall looked them both over with a keen eye. This young man hadn't said much about why he had requested a meeting aside from 'a potential business opportunity'. She'd done her due diligence on that. Balthazar had bought up several failed storefronts and had renovated them over the course of the last few weeks. There was talk that Magdaran Bael had made inquiries on their mutual behalf. Serafall was still trying to figure out where she fit into all of this though. Why come to the Satan of Foreign Affairs if you were having issues with your business? None of the Satans really had a hand in that, not one they could wield for favors anyway.

"I'll admit I was surprised to receive your request. Hearing you had a Queen so soon after your High Class test was another curiosity." Serafall looked at the Queen, seeing her smile assuredly, like she knew something Serafall would kill to know. "Tell me, Mr. Abaddon, why are you here?"

Balthazar sat down in the offered seat in front of her desk. "I would like to trade something with you."

Serafall raised an eyebrow, leaning back in her seat. "You would, would you? What exactly are you hoping to get out of this?"

The Queen spoke, her words sharp and precise. "Significant discounts on all territory surrounding the Abaddon lands. Your assistance securing permits and rights to trade beyond the Underworld. And a further favor. Forgive my bluntness, Lady Levithan, but I believe it is best we cut right to it."

Serafall's pleasant demeanor was gone. She'd taken this meeting to hopefully have a productive conversation with a young man who had nowhere to go. The addition of an Abbadon into the New Satan's faction would have been a good boon, but it wasn't worth entertaining…whatever this was. Balthazar was reaching far too high thinking he could walk up to a Satan and start making demands.

She fixed the Queen with a flat, unimpressed look. "Is that all? I don't know what you think you have that I'd even be interested in let alone something worth all of that in addition to further favors, but–"

"We know the location of the current host of Boosted Gear. He has yet to awaken the Sacred Gear." the Queen cut her off, a cunning grin on her face.

Serafall's mouth snapped shut, her eyes narrowed as they flicked between the King and Queen. Neither flinched under her gaze. The Queen looked smug. The King looked confident. Son of a bitch. They were being serious weren't they?


X


I could see the exact moment Serafall Leviathan started taking us seriously. She'd been aloof and only half-here before. Now, she was razor-focused on both of us.

"Why bring this information to me?" she asked slowly. "I imagine reincarnating The Red Dragon Emperor would go a long way to helping you accomplish all of what you've asked for on your own, not to mention you would have them for yourself."

"The current Red Dragon Emperor and I are incompatible." I answered diplomatically. "I feel my peerage already has great enough talent that I can do without. After discussing it with Caster, we decided it was best to use this information to our advantage, securing our peerage's future and perhaps making a powerful friend in the process."

"Friendship? Is that what you call walking into my office and making demands?"

Medea held her head high as she answered that question. "When compared to the value of having The Red Dragon Emperor reincarnated into an eternal devil servant, we've asked for a pittance. We would have approached this conversation very differently if we wanted to squeeze everything out of you that we could."

She was right too. We'd gone back and forth with each other on how to handle this conversation. There were benefits and drawbacks to both paths. In the end, we decided it was better in the long term if we sacrificed some short term gain to gain Serafall's favor. From what I remembered of her, she was loyal to those who did right by her. She was also one of the most powerful and influential devils in the Underworld, so having her in my corner in case I ran into any serious opposition would be a benefit all on its own.

Serafall leaned into her desk, resting her elbows on its surface. "And what makes you assume I would even want The Red Dragon Emperor? I have been intentionally selective with my peerage. I don't plan to change my stance anytime soon."

"We'd assumed you would give The Red Dragon Emperor to your sister, Lady Leviathan." I said.

She looked my way. "You would agree to that?"

Medea smiled wide. "We intend to trade the information to you. What you do with it once it is yours is your own prerogative. So long as you uphold our deal, we will be satisfied."

Serafall's eyes flicked between the two of us. "Who am I dealing with here? You both keep talking and it's distracting. Are you in charge or are you letting your Queen run things?"

Medea and I shared a look. She gave me a shallow nod.

I turned back to Serafall and said, "My Queen is more experienced in negotiations than I am. I trust her to handle this on my behalf."

Serafall immediately turned to Caster, looking her up and down as if trying to unearth a secret. "What specifically are you hoping to get out of this?"

"As we said, we want…"

Medea and Serafall bargained back and forth. Medea trying to squeeze as much as possible from the Satan, Serafall trying to give up the least amount possible. I was glad I'd decided to let Medea handle this one. Serafall would've walked circles around me. There were points where I was afraid Serafall might tell us to leave only to relax as she relented, Medea having called a bluff she'd made.

In the end, Medea secured the permissions we needed, an expansion equal to over 40 times the current size of my land for pennies on the dollar and a future favor that would not work counter to Serafall, the Sitri Clan or the New Satan Faction.

Medea spent a full five minutes inspecting the contract Serafall set in front of her before finally passing it over to me, giving me a nod of approval. I trusted my Queen, and if the contract had something that she'd missed, I would certainly miss it.

I signed the contract and passed it back to Serafall.

Serafall tossed the contract aside, forgotten as she fixed me with a serious look. "Where is the Red Dragon Emperor?"

"His name is Issei Hyoudou. Ironically, he and his parents reside in Kuoh Town, Japan."

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "You're sure?"

"I'm sure."

The professional demeanor the Satan had maintained for the entirety of this meeting melted away as she groaned, laying her head back in her chair. "You mean to tell me So-tan could've found this guy on her own?"

"If she knew what she was looking for, almost certainly." I tried, but I doubted I fully succeeded in keeping the amusement out of my voice. For a walking apocalypse, Serafall honestly didn't seem all that bad. Granted, I had yet to be on her bad side or spend too long in her presence, but my first impressions weren't terrible.

"That girl is getting mandatory Sacred Gear detection training." Serafall grumbled to herself. With a sigh, she sat up, stretching her neck. "You know, Balthazar… You don't mind if I call you Balthazar, right?" At my nod, she continued. "When I got your request for a meeting, I thought you wanted to try to leverage support for whatever business it is you've been setting up. I wasn't expecting you to drop a Longinus in my lap." She pursed her lips, inspecting me. "It'll be interesting to see what else you get up to. Now, not to kick you out of my office, but I need to go secure The Red Dragon Emperor. Once he is reincarnated, I'll set everything up to get you your land and permits."

"Of course," I said, standing up with Medea. "Thank you for your time, Lady Leviathan. I am glad we could both walk away from this meeting happy."

Medea and I left Serafall's office, then the building itself. I opened a Hole to take us home.

Medea had barely taken a step before I was on her, pushing her back into the wall of my bedroom. She let out a surprised gasp that was quickly muffled as I claimed her lips with my own.

I tugged at her dress as I turned back to look up into her eyes. "You just negotiated with the Leviathan for me. You just got the better of a Satan. I think you deserve a reward, don't you?"

Medea held me against her, hands roaming over my back. "You'll be equal to a Baron with the land from the negotiations. I definitely deserve a reward for that, master."

"You're right. You do." I leaned in to steal another kiss, pulling back and kissing her cheek, then making my way down her neck, dragging her dress down with me as I slowly descended to my knees.

Medea was panting as she shimmied her dress off, dropping her underwear with it. She widened her stance to allow me access, watching me with hungry eyes.

I stared into eyes as my tongue reached out to caress her. She hissed, her hands grasping the back of my head and pressing me into her. Her scent assaulted my nose, fluids already leaking onto my chin.

"Your Queen did so good today, master. She…She did so good for you. Give…ah…Give her her reward."

I looped my arms under Medea's legs. She let out a surprised gasp as I hefted her onto my shoulders. I carried her towards the bed, lapping at her all the while.

Medea fell backwards off of me and onto the bed. She flipped over onto her front as I pulled my suit off, looking over her shoulder at me expectantly. "Master, I'm ready for– Oh yes!" she screamed as I joined her on the bed and pushed inside her. She pushed back into me, matching my rhythm.

No more words were shared. We moved with one-another through different positions, different intensities. What started hard and carnal turned tender and loving then switched right back to carnal after a brief reprieve.

We celebrated my Queen's achievement for many long hours.


X


"Are you sure you're up for this?" I said, watching Aqua intently.

Aqua really hadn't been with us for all that long, only a few weeks all told. In that time, she hadn't spent a lot of time alone. That was partially because Medea and I wanted to keep an eye on her to make sure she was adjusting well and partly because she sought out company herself at every opportunity.

If she was alone for too long, she'd track one of us down. When Medea was locked away in her lab she would join me in the living room where we'd play chess or some other simple board game. She really enjoyed them. When I was busy, she would find Medea and the two of them would disappear into Aqua's room in the manor and remain locked away for hours at a time. When we were both occupied, she would track down Coal to fly with him. She had wings now. She could fly under her own power, but she seemed to really enjoy flying on Coal's back as the dragon's fluid body flowed through the air.

Coal didn't seem to mind. If anything, Coal seemed to enjoy it just as much as she did. He would undertake daring maneuvers to make the experience more thrilling for her and fly at maximum speed, causing Aqua's bleached blue hair to blow wildly behind her.

On the rare occasion that all three of us were occupied, Aqua would still find one of us, just quietly sitting off to the side while we went about whatever had us occupied. She had a designated seat both in my office and in Medea's Lab, and there was a lawn chair out in the field where Coal and Regulus would spar. I'd keyed Sairaorg's Pawn to our outer wards and Sairaorg had done the same for Coal. Coal and Regulus got together every couple of days or so to beat each other into the ground. The two of them held nothing back, and they both loved every minute of it. They were having fun and were both about as indestructible as one could be, so Sairaorg and I didn't see an issue with it. Aqua even accompanied Coal over to Sairaorg's manor now and again to sit with his peerage while they watched Coal and Regulus fight.

That wasn't to say they fought all the time. Some days they'd just change into their monstrous forms and lay down in the sun, chatting. On those days, Aqua could occasionally be found laying on Coal's scales staring up at the sky while she listened to his and Regulus's conversations.

"I'm sure." Aqua said, eyes determined. "I know you all have been looking after me, but I'm… I'm better. I want to help. You freed me from that nightmare and all I've done so far is eat your food and sleep in your house."

"Aqua, you don't owe me anything. You're my Knight now. It's my responsibility to look after you."

Aqua smiled warmly at me. She'd been smiling a lot more recently. "Thank you, but I do owe you. Let me help. I'm ready."

I shared a look with Medea.

Medea smiled, walking up to Aqua. "Well, if you're sure… But something's wrong."

Aqua frowned. "Something's wrong?"

Medea nodded seriously. "Yes, you're underdressed." Medea waved her hand.

Aqua gasped, looking down at herself as gleaming dark-hued silver armor encased her form. Emblazoned on the armor's chestplate was a dark sword with a ruby affixed to its pommel – the symbol Medea and I had adopted for our business and House Abaddon as a whole.

Aqua was stuttering, trying and failing to speak as she ran her hands down her arms, feeling the armor tailor-made to fit her. She looked up, seeing a full-length mirror Medea had produced from thin air for her to inspect the armor.

"Do you like it?" Medea asked. "Smithing has never been my strong suit, but magic metals are easy enough to form even if you have to cheat a little. The armor is almost entirely made from mithril with traces of other materials to enhance it. I layered several protective enchantments over it as well as a few others. You will be able to summon it and send it away with a thought."

Aqua closed her eyes. The armor vanished before appearing just as quickly as it left. "Where…where does it go?"

"It's tied to its own pocket dimension. Whenever you send it away, it will be stored on an armor rack within that pocket dimension until you need it again." I explained. Medea had approached me when she'd completed the armor about an idea she had to store it. Working together, we found a way to link objects to specific Holes I opened, letting the user retrieve them whenever they needed them without needing me to open a Hole. I say working together, but really all I did was let Medea poke and prod at my magic while standing there. She figured out how to make use of the ability all on her own.

The armor Aqua now wore represented a significant investment. Mithril existed here but it was very rare. Part of the reason Medea had held off on making the armor was because of how valuable the material was. Once our meeting with Serafall went as well as it did, she decided it was time to pamper Aqua a bit. I had no issue with my Knight being better protected, and if things went as I hoped today, we wouldn't have to worry about materials again.

"I…I don't know what to say." Aqua breathed out in disbelief.

"Don't say anything yet. I'm not done." Medea said proudly. A long box appeared in her arms that she held out to Aqua.

Hesitantly, Aqua unlatched the box to uncover the contents. Her hand wrapped around an engraved hilt as she lifted a thin rapier with a full hilt from the box. The metal in the sword gleamed just as bright as that in the armor.

"The sword is tied to the same pocket dimension as the armor." Medea said as Aqua stared in awe at the sword. "A sheathe will appear for you to wear it at your hip with a thought. It is just like summoning and dismissing the armor."

Seeing Aqua still silent, I said, "I know you have your Keyblade which is honestly going to be impossible to match, but I thought it would be a good idea for you to have a regular sword as well. People will expect a Knight to have some form of knightly weapon with them, so if they see the sword, they won't keep looking for something else. It'll keep you safer."

Keyblades weren't known here, but anyone with any mystical sense would be able to notice the magical beacon that appeared whenever Aqua summoned it. I didn't want her to get into any fights for a long time, at least until she was better mentally, but I wanted her to be prepared. If she was forced to pull out her Keyblade to defend herself, it might draw all of the wrong kinds of attention to her. Medea agreed with me when I brought up the issue and made the sword after the armor. With this, Aqua had an alternative means of defending herself.

"This is too much." Aqua finally said. "I can't–"

"I certainly hope you can." Medea cut her off with a hard look. "I made those for you. I would be upset if they were left to collect dust."

Aqua held the rapier in both hands, pinching the flat of the blade as she looked between us, looking supremely uncertain. "I… Thank you." she said finally. She abruptly turned away, wiping at something on her face. A black sheath appeared on her hip. She slid her new rapier into the sheathe to rest at her side as she turned around. There was some moisture on her cheeks. "Thank you both so much."

"We can postpone this if you want to try out your new–"

"No," Aqua cut me off. "I want to help. I owed you before. I owe you even more now. I'm ready."

"Well, alright then. Let's try this out." I sat down in the center of my ritual circle. Medea sat down behind me and laid her hand on my shoulder. I reached beyond the infinite, feeling for the world I'd found this morning. Scrying wasn't overly taxing on my power, so I could look without difficulty. Finding the right place was difficult, but Medea's assistance made it almost trivial. With aid from my Queen we quickly found what we were looking for.

I opened a small Hole, feeling an immediate, titanic drain. Scrying wasn't power-intensive, opening a connection beyond the bounds of reality that pierced the Blind Eternities was.

Aqua's Keyblade appeared in her hand. She thrust it forward. A beam of golden energy pierced the Hole above my hand. Instantly, the drain on my energy faded. The Hole was no longer consuming my power to sustain itself. Just as she'd been able to lock away her own world, Aqua was able to unlock others.

I grinned. "We can consider this little experiment a success."

"It works?" Aqua said, shocked joy writ on her face.

"It works." I confirmed, standing. I held a hand down to Medea to help her up. "Do you want to explore?"

Medea took my hand. "But of course, master."

We strode through the Hole as I expanded it, Aqua at our side. I felt the change as we entered our destination. The air was thinner, damp. Even with my devil's eyes, it was hard to make out our surroundings. It was pitch black here. I raised my hand to summon a flame. Medea snatched my hand in the dark. She shook her head at me, motioning ahead.

Even in the darkness, I could make out the walls surrounding us, uneven and rough. Off in the direction Medea motioned there was an orange glow separated from us by a bend. Fire.

I frowned. It seemed this place had visitors. If it was who I expected…

"Aqua, thank you for helping. You should leave now." I said quietly, making eye contact with Medea. She nodded in understanding. She flicked her hand towards the Hole, flexing her magic.

Aqua looked between the two of us, her bleached hair the easiest thing to see in this darkness. "You're going to fight, aren't you?"

"It is very likely. You don't need to be here for that. We'll come get you once it's over." I said. I didn't want Aqua to be here for this. She'd spent far too long trapped on her own in the Realm of Darkness for me to be comfortable letting her fight to kill so soon. Even then, from what I remembered of her, she was a good person who avoided violent outcomes with anything that wasn't a Heartless if possible. Granted, the Aqua I returned from the Realm of Darkness with was vastly different from her canon counterpart, but it would be irresponsible of me as her King to force her to fight right now. She needed to recover first.

Aqua's lips thinned into a determined line. She shook her head. "No. This… This is why you saved me. You came for me because I could be useful to you."

"You're already helping, Aqua. You brought us here. You don't need to prove anything to me."

"Don't send me away. Let me help." Aqua was practically pleading with me.

I looked at Medea, but she just pursed her lips. She didn't know what to do here either. Before either of us could think of something to say, a fourth figure threw itself through the Hole behind us.

"I'm here!" Coal shouted, desperate. "Don't start without me, master!"

I sighed as Coal's voice echoed off of the walls around us. In the direction where the orange glow originated, I heard surprised shouts.

So much for the element of surprise. Medea had signalled him just in case we encountered a greater force than we expected so we'd have backup, but I didn't expect him to stumble out of the Hole and announce our presence to the entire world.

"We have not started yet, Coal, though I thank you for informing our adversary of our whereabouts." Medea said dryly.

Coal froze in place, slowly looking towards the advancing torchlight. "Heh, sorry, master."

"It's alright, Coal. Thank you for coming." I turned back to Aqua. There wasn't much time now. "Aqua, I–"

"Don't send me away. Let me help, Balthazar." Now she was pleading with me. I had no idea what to do. I was hoping the cavern would be clear so we wouldn't run into this problem, but I'd known it was a possibility that it would be occupied.

Coal walked up next to Aqua and slung an arm over her shoulder. "Don't worry about her, master. I'll keep an eye on her."

I looked at Coal. His expression was serious. He gave me a sharp nod.

"Alright," I said, deciding to trust my Pawn. "Follow my lead. Be ready to fight, but let them strike first." They knew we were here already, so there wasn't much point in trying to set up an ambush.

The four of us stood in a line as a large party turned around the corner. There were over a dozen short, green-skinned creatures with long ears carrying various small weapons. Goblins. At the head of the group was a dark-robed figure carrying a staff. His hair was white like starlight, skin dark like shadow. A drow.

He sneered as he saw us. "Who are you! How did you find this place!" he demanded.

"I am the new lord of this cavern and its riches. You are trespassing. Leave now and I will show mercy." I called back.

The man threw his head back and laughed. "Kill that delusional human."

The goblins spread out in front of him, but I paid them no mind. I raised my hand above my head, unleashing a stream of fire from it. Hissed shrieks reverberated around the walls of the cavern around us as the giant spiders that had skittered across the ceiling to strike us from above were either incinerated or fled from my magic.

"I gave you a chance," I said, a savage delight burning within me at the look of pure terror now visible on the once cocky drow's face. "Coal, Caster, have fun."

"You're so good to me, master." Medea said, levitating off the ground as magic circles appeared in the air around her.

"Follow my lead, Aqua." Coal said over his shoulder to Aqua, moments before he charged straight towards the line of goblins. Aqua followed right on his heels, her rapier singing forth from its sheath.

The drow held his hands up, attempting to cast something at my Knight and Pawn, but Medea's magic slammed into him, forcing him to throw up a hasty shield that shattered after one blow. He was outmatched and he knew it. He turned and fled. He looked over his shoulder, watching as Aqua and Coal tore through his goblins and Medea atomized what remained of his spiders. When he faced the front once more, I was directly in front of him.

The drow came to an abrupt halt, gagging. I twisted the spearpoint in his chest and he convulsed. His staff fell from slack fingers as he went limp. I kicked him off my spear and stored it away in its pocket dimension again. I'd asked Medea for a spear like Aqua's rapier, but she hadn't given me one yet. She said she had something special she was working on and to be patient, so I was being patient.

I was confident my peerage could dispatch some spiders and goblins on their own, so I turned and looked beyond the cave, towards stone ruins that glowed with faint magic.

"Is this it, master?" Medea asked, gently landing on the ground at my side.

"It is."

She grinned. "I think it's safe to say our material problems are now a thing of the past."

"That they are. You'll need to shield this place though. I don't want anyone in this world realizing what is here or what we're doing with it, and there are some very strong forces in this world."

"Please, master. They've never faced me. I'll set up a territory with wards so potent no one will even realize they're there."

"Thanks, Medea. I have the best Queen."

"As you keep reminding me, though it does bear repeating." She leaned in and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Are you going to try to recruit your other Knight while I work?"

That was the original plan when we came here, but I hadn't known for sure that we'd encounter the drow and his party. "I don't know if Aqua is up for it. Even if she is, I don't know if they'll say yes."

"Coal is looking after Aqua. She seems more pleased with herself that she was of use than broken because of her actions, but I will keep an eye on her. If the Knight refuses, then you can at least say you tried. Give them a means to contact you should they change their mind as their inevitable end draws closer."

"Manipulative."

She chuckled. "Honey, you're a devil. You approached me when I was dying in the mud. Is this really so much worse?"

"Do you resent me for that? Approaching you when you were at your lowest, when you had no other option?"

"Of course not. I would've done the same. You told no lies and outlined your intentions clearly. Besides, the results speak for themselves." She pulled me into a short kiss before backing away. "I need to get to work. Let me know what the Knight says."

I gave her hand a parting squeeze as she levitated away, heading deeper into the cavern, small globules of light illuminating her path. It would take some work, but once we got this place squared away we'd be able to use it to become titans in the supernatural market back home. Mithril was very hard to come by in DXD. This mine, though it had been mined extensively many centuries ago, had a wealth of the priceless ore. Between Serafall's backing and the riches of the Lost Mine of Phandelver, the future was looking bright.

Speaking of bright…I had a Knight to try to recruit.


X


A hooded man stood atop a tower stretching high into the sky. Pale skin highlighted dark veins snaking away from his glowing orange eyes. He stared out over the city beneath him and the lands beyond. His enthralled army patrolled the city streets, readying themselves for another offensive.

He was weary. This most recent campaign had drained him more than any before it. He resisted. He would continue to resist, but the pull of the band around his finger was so unbearably strong. Its will chipped away at his own. With each passing day, his resistance grew that much weaker.

How much longer now, he wondered, before it wouldn't be enough? He had already been fighting for decades. Could he hold for decades more? His home was not ready. He needed to buy more time. He would buy more time.

"Hello, Talion."

Talion turned, seeing a young man in strange clothing. Golden hair stood up from the man's head. A human had somehow made it through his armies to the heart of his tower.

"You should not be here." Talion walked past him, throwing open the doors of the tower. If this man had made it here… Talion relaxed slightly upon seeing a dark orb still sitting in its place on a pedestal in the center of the room.

"You have nothing to worry about, Talion. I am not here to steal from you, least of all that cursed thing."

Talion turned back to the young man. "Then why have you come? Who are you?"

"My name is Balthazar Abaddon. I am a devil. I am here for you." Leathery wings sprouted from the man's back, fire gathered in his eyes.

Talion's eyes narrowed as he drew his sword. He was unfamiliar with the nature of the creature in front of him, but he had bested worse. "You will return to your master a disappointment if not in pieces."

The man smiled softly, holding up his hands placatingly. "A misunderstanding. I do not serve your enemy. I am my own master. I come from a place far from here, and I want you to return with me."

Talion did not sheathe his sword, but he held it at his side, nonthreatening. "I have never heard of a devil. What manner of creature are you?"

"My world is very different from yours. The humans are far more advanced and the denizens that lurk beneath their notice are far more plentiful. I am one such denizen. Many would consider my kind to be similar to your enemy, and they would even be right by certain metrics, but I am not like those of my kind who delight in causing suffering. I am not benevolent. I will not seek to right the wrongs of the world. They are not my problem. I will not actively contribute to them, but my first priority is to myself and those under me."

Talion scoffed. "A selfish fiend, then."

The man adopted a considering expression. "That is…not an inapt descriptor I suppose, but I like to think I'm better than that."

"What you think doesn't matter. Begone before I remove you, fiend."

"I can free you from your bondage, Talion." the devil said suddenly.

Talion glared at the creature. "Doubtful. Were I to even believe it, I would assume your 'freedom' would come gilded in new chains. I would exchange one leash for another."

"You would be bound to me, but not in the way you are to your enemy. He seeks to corrupt you. I would not. You would be subservient to me like any vassal to a lord, but you would have freedom you have not known for years."

Talion raised his sword, tip aimed at the creature. "I warn you once more, fiend; leave. You will not receive another chance."

The creature sighed. Holding up his hands and moving them slowly, he retrieved a folded piece of parchment from his clothes. He crouched down and set it on the ground in front of him. "This is a summoning flyer. If you change your mind, channel your power into it, and it will call me to your side. Thank you for your time and your patience, Talion. You may not believe me, but my respect for you is boundless. No matter what you choose. I wish you the best." A point of pure darkness rapidly expanded out from behind the creature. He backed into it and the point collapsed in on itself, taking the creature with it.

Talion sheathed his blade, staring down at the paper left by the creature. He turned, leaving the parchment where it lay as he returned to the top of the tower. He would worry about the devil if he appeared again, but he had more pressing concerns at present. He was expecting an attack. After weathering it, he would lead his armies once more into the lands of Mordor on a new campaign. He had to buy more time.

The ring on his finger glowed, humming with dark power that sought to twist his mind. Talion centered himself, focusing on the task at hand.

He would buy more time.


X


"How's it going?" I asked, sitting down next to Medea on the stone floor.

"I am making progress, but this place is large. It is taking me longer than the manor did." Her eyes were closed, focused. Even still, she continued speaking. "Should I rise to welcome our newest peerage member?"

I frowned. "He refused." I was disappointed, but I would respect the man's wishes. If anyone deserved to chart their own course, it was Talion. More selfishly, reincarnating someone, let alone Talion, against their will was a recipe for disaster. I wanted willing vassals, not potential knives in the back.

"Did you leave him a method to contact you?"

"I did."

"Then that is all that can be done. You expected this outcome."

"I did. This was why I didn't want to reach out to him. Before Aqua, a refusal would have been beyond costly. Now that I have her to help, I don't need to even touch my stored power to reach out. I can approach others that I initially discarded because of their potential to say no."

"Do not use any of that power." Medea said, peeking an eye open to look at me. "I have a plan for it." She closed her eyes again.

I raised an eyebrow. "Can I ask what that plan is?"

"A surprise. One you'll like. Back to the topic at hand, you will find other peerage members. If the Knight changes his mind, then he will be a strong ally. If he does not, then there are others you have told me about."

"True enough." I looked around, watching as Medea's magic seeped into the stones around us. "Can I help you in any way?"

"You can sit and talk to me. It gets lonely and repetitive doing this for hours at a time."

I shifted so my back was to hers and leaned into her. After a moment, she leaned back into me so we were supporting each other. "So once this place is good and secured, I was thinking…"

I outlined my plans for the mine and the immediate future to my Queen while she created her territory and layered wards over our new mithril mine. I wasn't sure if she was fully listening to what I was saying or if she was too focused on her work, but she'd asked for company, and I was more than willing to give it.



A.N.
The mine is in the Forgotten Realms, not LOTR. It is part of a starter adventure. He went to LOTR afterwards. He is setting up a mine in Forgotten Realms(DND setting) not in LOTR.

EDIT: Fixed Serafall's King Piece knowledge issue.
Last edited: Jan 21, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, Norego and 2,039 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 12, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 10
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,067
Aqua closed her eyes, arms held out at her sides as the wind beat against her face.

"Great feeling, isn't it?" Coal asked from beneath her, his voice deep and powerful. If she didn't know the dragon as well as she did, his voice might scare her. As it was, it was just comforting, a reminder that she was here, that this was real, that she was free.

"I'm jealous. You get to do this whenever you want." Aqua said.

Coal rumbled beneath her as he chuckled. "You have wings now, Aqua. You can fly on your own just as well."

"But I can't fly this fast. Do you not like flying with me?"

"I never said that, now did I?"

The two lapsed into silence. Aqua enjoyed the feel of the air on her face, in her hair, the rushing in her ears. She felt alive.

"How are you feeling?" Coal suddenly asked.

"I feel great." Aqua opened her eyes to look down at the dragon. "Why?"

Coal made a considering sound. "Hold on." He banked downward, rapidly descending until they were hovering just a few feet off the ground.

Frowning, Aqua let her wings out and flew in front of him to get a look at his face. Golden scales split through the black like veins. His golden eyes were sharp as they peered at her. Her entire body was barley as long as his snout. He was massive. Aqua sometimes forgot how powerful her friend was.

"I want to know how you are feeling. After the mine… I don't know if you've killed before, but I know you've been going through some stuff. I had a few users while I was imprisoned that freaked out after their first kill."

Aqua frowned, looking away from the golden orbs in front of her. "I… Is it wrong that I don't feel anything about it?"

"No, it isn't, but I think you should still talk about it, and I'm willing to listen."

Aqua's armor vanished with a thought. She idly ran a hand over her arm, feeling the skin that appeared to be shadow. "When I was…trapped, it was hard to feel anything. That place…it grates on you. It erodes your ability to perceive and feel until you're nothing but a husk. I don't even know how long I was there. It felt like forever and a moment all at once all the time. I can't explain it."

Aqua sighed. "Like I said, it was hard to feel anything there. I forgot what happiness and joy felt like. I've finally started to learn all of that again, but there's other parts that I don't think I'll get back. I don't feel guilty about the goblins or the elf. Maybe I should, but if anything, I only feel a little regretful that I don't regret it. Maybe that's because my emotions are still muted, or maybe I broke a little in that place in a way that can't be fixed."

"You aren't broken, Aqua. Not feeling bad about killing someone trying to kill you doesn't make you a remorseless murderer."

He huffed. "When I was stuck in the Sacred Gear, everything I felt was second hand. It was rare that I felt anything in the first place, but even when I did it was never me, it was always secondhand from my wielder. I'm still getting used to being the primary source for physical feeling again. I was millenia old when I was put into that Sacred Gear. You were a young adult that suffered something worse than what I did. You are not weak, Aqua. You're not broken. And personally, I think it's a good thing you aren't regretting killing those goblins or that prick of an elf. Our master is dedicated to our well-being. I've seen that in his every action since he reincarnated me, but it is likely we will have to fight and kill for him again. You not hesitating to kill will save your life and potentially mine, so if you're okay, then I say that's great."

He sighed. "I'm not very good at this stuff. Look, if you need someone to talk to, I'll be here, but I think you're doing just fine."

Aqua smiled. "Thank you, Coal."

"Now that that's dealt with, do you want to do some barrel-rolls?"

Aqua flew up onto his neck, holding on tight as the dragon soared into the air.


X


"Lord Magdaran, a letter for you."

Magdaran set aside his trowel as he turned to face the maid. "Thank you," he said as he took the envelope. On the envelope's face were the words, 'Bael and Abbadon Trading Co.' with a dark sword and a magenta flower crossed in an 'X' beneath them. It was from his business partner then.

Magdaran sat down on a bench in his greenhouse as he read over the letter. Balthazar was receiving too many requests for special orders to the point that Caster was booked out for months.

Magdaran sighed as he set the letter aside. Business was a good thing, but this was overwhelming. Respecting his wish to remain out of the spotlight, Balthazar had given Magdaran an administrative role while he and Caster dealt with negotiations on his behalf. That meant the majority of his job was scheduling and poring over contracts.

Busy though he was, Magdaran found he enjoyed it. He didn't have to leave his home except to go to the main office in Lucifaad on occasion, and outside of that he could spend his time developing new species of plant both to sell and for his own personal enjoyment. Magdaran was still trying to figure out where Balthazar had managed to find all of the never-before seen flora that he kept gifting to Magdaran in vast quantities. He likely used the same method by which he somehow secured a Mithril Mine. Pantheons would jealously hoard such a thing. The fact that Balthazar had found one and that it was so secure no one could find it despite many efforts to ascertain its location was astounding.

Of course, the hidden mine gave Magdaran a massive headache because everyone seemed to think that he was actually the one who controlled it and that Balthazar was just covering for him. It made sense. From an outside perspective, the Heir to the Bael Pillar would be a far more likely culprit for such a discovery, especially considering its continued mystery. Even Magdaran's own father didn't fully believe his son wasn't hiding the mine from the rest of his family. He'd already had many discussions with his father about 'the good of the family'.

Magdaran would be very annoyed if he thought Balthazar was using him, but he knew that wasn't the case. Balthazar came to him seeking help. Magdaran did everything he could to build their business venture together, but he was stonewalled at every turn by everyone from trading authorities to his own family's contacts. He'd expended a large portion of his own wealth in those endeavors and came up with nothing. Balthazar could have left him behind then. It would have been the correct business choice. Instead, Balthazar made him a partner in a venture that Magdaran had next to no part in building. Sure, he contributed with his plants, many of which were now flying off the shelves as Balthazar's new samples allowed him to create poultices usable en masse by devils, but Caster and Balthazar were the true driving force behind their business. If he could repay them by doing some tedious clerical work on occasion, he was happy to do so.

Magdaran had never cared very much about money, but now he had more of it than he knew what to do with. He opened some charities, enjoying the work he was able to do through them for devils whose only crime was to be born outside the Pillars.

Magdaran set Balthazar's letter aside, pulling another out of his coat. He smiled as he ran his hand over the small, inelegant scribbles on the page. His brother's handwriting.

Another boon of working with Balthazar. His business partner, his friend, had told him he'd put in a good word with his sister. Magdaran hadn't expected much, but he received a letter from his brother some weeks ago. Since then, they'd been exchanging correspondence. They had yet to meet face to face, but it was a start, an avenue to repair a relationship Magdaran had destroyed in his misguided pursuit of… He didn't even know what he was trying to accomplish anymore. Whatever it was, it couldn't have been worth what he achieved.

Still, he had a chance to mend bridges now. Sairaorg seemed to be doing well and was opening up more in his letters. When Magdaran felt the time was right, he would invite his brother to lunch. Not at the Bael Castle. No, he wouldn't put Sai through that. Somewhere public, small, where neither of them would be uncomfortable. Magdaran just wanted to see him, to apologize in person. But that was for the future.

Magdaran sighed as he stood up. He fussed over his plants until he was sure they would be alright, then left the greenhouse. He had some work to do for Balthazar, scheduling conflicts to resolve and the like. The young Abaddon was practically handing him money for nothing, so Magdaran would be remiss if he didn't do the occasional favor that Bal asked of him.


X


Balthazar Abaddon, a source of both great fortune and unending headaches for Serafall Leviathan.

Issei Hyoudou was exactly where Balthazar had said, holding exactly what Balthazar promised he'd hold. With the Red Dragon Emperor in her possession, Serafall held up her end of the deal.

In the ensuing weeks, Bael and Abbadon Trading Co. had exploded in popularity, boasting items that would take a master crafter months to make appearing on the shelves in a day. Potions and elixirs sold in large quantities defying all logic and reason. And that was just the storefront.

Balthazar Abaddon had purchased up all of the land around him and formally started construction on a number of projects on his lands. He was now officially the Underworld's newest Baron, Lord Balthazar Abaddon, the youngest devil in history to claim the title. Granted he had a lot of help getting there, but he'd still done it. He'd pawned off one of the most powerful Sacred Gears around for little more than her favor and walked away happy. Now more than ever, Serafall needed to bring him in line with the New Satans.

The land, the permits – they weren't worth the Boosted Gear, yet Balthazar had still left happy. His Queen, the one handling the negotiations, had seemed far too pleased with herself once everything was concluded. Serafall was still trying to figure out who that lady was. There was no doubt in her mind that she was important somehow, be it because of a Sacred Gear or something else. She seemed older than she appeared, but that wasn't much to go on at present. Still, Serafall was quietly seething at the Queen.

Part of the deal she'd made ensured Serafall would handle things for them just enough for anyone paying attention to know Balthazar had her backing, but not enough to make him seem subordinate to her. He was a free agent with a Satan's protection. If he wouldn't have garnered attention for churning out mithril goods like he had an inexhaustible supply of the stuff, then having her backing would do the trick.

It was infuriating. Representatives from the Pillars were coming to her demanding that she share the boons of the mithril mine she'd apparently discovered and was hiding from the rest of them. Diginitaries from other factions had come with the same demands, speaking vague threats about consequences were the devils to hoard the wealth for themselves. She had the more bold of those dignitaries barred from ever working in the Underworld again. They'd be replaced by their respective factions shortly, but it did give her a small reprieve to think of what to do.

Balthazar Abaddon was a diamond in the rough. His Queen was…someone important. Serafall was convinced of that much even if she hadn't been able to put together why she was important yet. She'd also heard rumblings about Sairaorg Bael complementing the strength of Balthazar's Pawn, though not going into great detail about the man. That wasn't even mentioning the mine.

Boosted Gear, the Queen, the mine, maybe the Pawn – there was a pattern forming here. Either Balthazar had some way to locate incredible boons or he was the luckiest devil she had ever crossed aths with in her very long life. She could not afford to alienate him. If she could convince him to give her and her allies some discounts on his products, both magical items and a steady stream of regular mithril ingots that Ajuka had been practically salivating at the prospect of getting his hands on, all the better.

She needed Balthazar on her side. She doubted she'd be able to make him subordinate to her with that Queen beside him. If anything, she seemed to be the one making the plans that he followed. He probably set the course and had the ideas, but Serafall would bet it was the Queen that made the plans that achieved Balthazar's aims. Serafall wouldn't be able to bring Balthazar under her with the Queen in the picture, and removing the Queen would make an enemy of the man she was trying to make an ally.

No, she was already on semi-good terms with him after their meeting. She would build on that, try to make him more open to the idea of working with her. The golden goose had walked right up to her and announced itself. She'd be an idiot to not take advantage, but she would save that for tomorrow. She had something important to do today.

A magic circle expanded out from Serafall that whisked her away from her office. She appeared with a flash of light in a small room, sparsely decorated with a number of chairs and a couch.

"Magical Girl Levi-tan is here!" Serafall cheered as she appeared, holding two fingers up in a 'V'.

"Satan-chan!" a young man with brown hair yelled, eyes widening in excitement as he saw her. She noted the way his eyes immediately tracked down to her chest and stayed there.

"Sister," Sona Sitri said, teeth clenched. Oh, she did not look like she was having a good time. Tough.

When Balthazar had told her that he was 'incompatible' with Boosted Gear's host, she'd initially wondered what he meant. Then she met Issei Hyoudou herself. He was…interesting.

Issei yelped in pain, clutching at his red knuckles.

Sona retracted the ruler she'd just brought down on his hand. "When you are interacting with a woman, you will look them in the eyes, Issei."

"But–" he flinched as Sona brandished the ruler threateningly.

"So-tan!" Serafall cheered, leaving forward to pull her sister into a hug. "I'm so happy to see you! I got you that present you wanted!" Serafall gave Sona just enough space to breathe so she could see the chess piece Serafall summoned atop her hand. A red rook positively brimming with demonic power sat atop her hand, frequently sending crackles of red energy off into the air.

Finding a mutation rook for her sister hadn't been too difficult. The New Satan faction did a good job of cataloguing who received Evil Pieces when and whether or not any of their pieces mutated. Convincing the prior holder of this mutation rook to trade it to her had been an entirely separate matter. It had cost her a lot to get this piece, but her So-tan was worth it.

Sona looked hesitant even as she clearly desired the piece. "Sister, you don't have to–"

"Ah, ah!" Serafall cut her off, wagging her finger chidingly. "I already told you, my little sister is worth it! So you're gonna take this and that's that. As for you…" Serafall slowly turned to face Issei.

The young man shrank in on himself as Serafall bore down on him.

"What did we agree about my So-tan, Issei?"

"Kaichou is off limits! I can have as many women in my harem as I want except for Sona!" he yelled, primal terror alight in his eyes.

Satisfied, Serafall nodded and stepped back, grabbing her sister's hand. "Come on So-tan! We need to do that silly ritual to trade rooks so you can reincarnate your new unwaveringly loyal dragon." Issei frantically nodded his head as Serafall shot him a glare over her shoulder.

Difficult though the Red Dragon Emperor appeared to be, Serafall couldn't think of a better servant for her sister. As far as the Underworld would be concerned, Sona had found Issei on her own. The fact that Issei lived in her territory would only lend credence to that story. Sona could use the reputation boost associated with the discovery.

Of course, Balthazar and her knew the truth, but she was willing to bet she could kick some concessions his way to buy his silence. If her guess was right, He likely had other peerage members lined up already. Hopefully they wouldn't be as large of a headache for her as Issei had been.
Last edited: Jan 13, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, Potato Nose and 2,230 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 12, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 11
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,457
"After you, my lady." I said, bowing exaggeratedly as I held the door for my Queen.

A smile teased at Medea's lips as she walked into the restaurant. It had been some time since the two of us were able to go on a date, so I approached her out of the blue today and asked her to lunch. She'd dropped everything she was working on and accompanied me immediately. We'd probably receive some angry letters from clients for delays, but Magdaran was proving very capable of dealing with such, so it wasn't an issue. I wasn't going to work my Queen to the bone just because some stuffy Pillar Devil wanted their enchanted tea set delivered promptly. I was powerful enough now that I didn't need to worry about them moving against me for minor inconveniences.

The past few months had been eventful. Business was booming. Everything was flying off the shelves faster than we could resupply. Significantly faster. Currently, our only major source of supply was Medea. She was beyond overtaxed. And that was just item creation.

We'd known going into this that we would need some way to work the mine we'd set up. The one spear-heading that effort was also Medea. Before she'd used it to find Coal's Sacred Gear Perfected State, Medea's Second Noble Phantasm Argon Coin was used for exactly nothing, but the alternative versions of her I'd seen had used it to create a near-endless army of Dragon Tooth Warriors, expendable skeleton constructs able to accomplish simple tasks.

The constructs were easy enough to make, requiring just a simple ritual and a dragon's tooth apiece. Coincidentally, what happened to be littered amongst any field where Coal and Regulus fought? Why, dragon teeth of course. Regulus's hide was impenetrable, but that didn't prevent Coal from gnawing on it, losing countless teeth in the process. They all grew back almost immediately because of his regeneration, but the lost teeth stuck around, leaving us an endless supply of dragon teeth for Medea's constructs.

Coal had actually offered to rip his teeth out when he'd found out what we were doing, but I was not going to let one of my Peerage members regularly commit self harm. I'd vetoed that, and Aqua had seemed very displeased with Coal for even suggesting it. Coal pouted while she gave him a full lecture about why it was bad to rip your own teeth out of your head even if they could grow back. It was kind of funny to watch.

Wanting to help my Queen, I'd asked that she show me how to make the constructs so I could take some burden off of her shoulders. It took me a little over a week to get the hang of it. I was far slower than Medea was when raising the skeletons, but the end result was the same. I spent a lot of my time now creating as many of them as I could to field the absurd number we needed to run things. Aqua had even pitched in her own aid. It took her longer than it took me to master the ritual, and she was even slower than I was, but any help was appreciated. The skeletons were the literal and figurative backbone of our operation.

We'd put the skeletons to work doing every labor intensive task we had. They worked in the mine. They stocked shelves in the shops. They worked my newly acquired land.

I was a Baron now, but a Baron of barren land. I held a significant chunk of territory, but it was currently just sitting there doing nothing. Wanting to fix that inefficiency, I'd begun several projects.

Magdaran had sent me a few letters voicing displeasure with his family. Apparently his parents thought he was hiding a Mithril mine from them and they were making things difficult for him as a result, so he'd reached out for help. His parents were preventing him from expanding his botanical operations, and he needed more space to work.

There was a stretch of land in my newly acquired territory where a valley ran between two hills with a very small river at the bottom of the valley. I'd taken Magdaran to tour it, and he'd loved the location. It wasn't ready yet. The skeletons were still setting everything up the way Magdaran had wanted, but progress was being made.

I'd found another stretch of more flat land where I planned to start up a farm. We had the space, and we had no-cost labor, so we might as well take advantage of it. I probably wouldn't sell any of the food we produced, at least for a while, but it would be nice to grow our own stuff.

We'd also begun construction on the castle that I'd originally had outlined. Medea and I didn't want contractors coming in and potentially messing with anything even if their reputation suggested they wouldn't, so we were doing it all ourselves. Every brick, every tile, every fixture in the house was meticulously enchanted by Medea before being passed along to her skeletal horde to continue construction. It was a very slow process, decades if our current pace continued, given how many protections Medea was literally laying into the groundwork, but it would be worth it in the end. We were immortal, and a magically constructed castle with protections placed into every piece of said castle would be a priceless boon. Still, that was just one more thing to occupy Medea's time.

My poor Queen was swamped with work. I was trying to help as much as I could, but I was not as gifted with magic as she was. I was good, better than most contenders even, but I wasn't specialized in the areas where she needed help. I could fight very well, but I wasn't a craftsman.

I could make skeletons now, but even that wasn't enough to lessen her load. Aqua and I had scouted several other mines we intended to take control of. Adamantium, Orichalcum, platinum, gold – we were ready to open a mining empire…except we didn't have the manpower for it.

Even churning out skeletons as we were, they were spread too thin between the house, the farm, Magdaran's valley and the various mines. Granted, it wasn't an immediate problem. It wasn't like we were going to be attacked tomorrow and we're building an army to fight. No, we were creating a labor force. The other mines could keep until we had the numbers to properly staff them. I wasn't going to ask Medea to skip our movie nights and not sleep just to push the timeline forward.

There wasn't much I personally could do for her, so I did what little I could. She enjoyed our dates, so I took her on as many as I could, deadlines be damned. If anyone had a problem with the slower production time resulting from my Queen taking breaks, they were welcome to take their business elsewhere.

The server brought us to a table in the corner of the room, the usual spot we booked in this establishment, then left, promising to return for our orders.

"I'm sorry it's been so long since we last got out like this." I said as we both looked over the menu.

"Think nothing of it, master. I am grateful for every opportunity. Speaking of opportunities, I've had a thought." Her eyes gleamed the way they did when she was plotting something.

"Caster, I brought you here so you could get away from work for the time being."

"And I appreciate that, honey, but until the root cause of the issue is fixed, the problem will remain."

I pursed my lips. "You have an idea for getting you some help?"

"Yes, but that wasn't what I was referring to. I have little issue with my current load. I would prefer more opportunities for the two of us to spend time together, but I know that will come once we have things properly established. I've completed setting the privacy wards by the way. We may speak freely now."

"I'm still going to call you Caster. The waiter will be back at some point, and again, this is a date. We can save the work talk for later. Enjoy yourself a little bit."

Medea pouted at me before a fond sigh escaped her lips. "Fine. We'll continue this discussion later. To change the topic, how would you feel about me taking the High Class Test?"

I waited a beat before answering. "You want to make a Peerage? I…don't have any issues with it. I just hadn't expected you to want to. You'll have to wait a bit though." The High Class Test was only held every so often, every one-to-three years depending on the demand. There were exceptions made for nobility though, so I could probably pull some string to get Medea through earlier, not even mentioning the goodwill Serafall owed us.

Still, I hadn't expected Medea to want a peerage. I hadn't thought that any of my peerage members would go on to make their own, but I certainly wasn't going to stop them.

Medea waved off my concern about the timeline. "I'm sure I can convince the Leviathan to pull some strings. It isn't urgent, and I don't necessarily want a peerage. I am perfectly content with my current role as your second, but I have been doing some thinking. You do not have enough pieces left to reincarnate every prospective recruit you have told me about. There is one such individual that I believe cannot be passed by, so I will take the liberty of reincarnating them so you may save your bishops."

My eyes widened as I understood what she was saying. There were very few recruits I'd gone over with her that would take both of my bishops. Of those, one of said individuals was someone that, while an immense boon, was someone I wasn't too sure about reincarnating. Other people had the potential to be better fits, but leaving this individual in the wild was just asking for trouble, practically forcing my hand. "The cup-holder?"

Medea smiled. "Yes. From what you've told me, she seems…intriguing."

"Were you thinking of making her your Queen or bishop?"

"I have not decided yet. I am waiting until I receive my pieces. With them bound to me… Well, I have ideas."

"Is there anyone else you're thinking about? I'd be more than happy to open a Hole to–"

"That is unnecessary, master. As I said, my main purpose in this is to assist you. You won't have enough pieces to reincarnate her and the others, so I will take her."

I frowned. "You don't have to do this just for me, Caster. I've already put too much on your plate. If you want…"

Medea started chuckling. "Master, you reincarnated me to help you. You saved my life and allowed me to start over. Now you're letting me build my very own castle. I think you don't understand just how satisfied I am with our current situation. I would, of course, appreciate some help to allow me more time with you, but I have no complaints. All I want is to continue building our future."

The waiter returned briefly to take our orders before departing again. Once he was gone, Medea smirked.

"On the topic of the future, I had some ideas… You're still building up power in your pocket dimension, right?"

"I am." I actually had three Holes actively sapping away my strength right now. Two under my armpits and a third at the small of my back. Due to the absolute hellish regime I put myself through when I was younger, I could now sap away three times the strength with roughly half the drain. I was far stronger than when I was younger. Since I needed to be alert and able to help my peerage now, I'd cut back on how much I exhausted myself, but I was still contributing a large amount to my stockpile of power, simultaneously forcing my body to become stronger as it lacked power.

"Good, don't touch it. I'll need it later." Medea said with a satisfied nod.

"What will you need it for?"

"It's a surprise. I'm going to get you a present. I don't know when you'll get it, but I do know that you'll like it. A lot. Be patient."

"Well now I'm really curious."

"You'll just have to wait." She looked far too pleased with herself. "To blatantly change the subject, I have an idea to get me some help."

"Back to the topic we started on, then?" I asked, an amused smile on my face.

"Oh please, master, it isn't like we haven't been talking about work since we sat down."

"You're not wrong. Okay, what were you thinking?"

"I want an apprentice."

I tilted my head at her, gauging the serious look in her eye. Medea had been teaching Aqua and I some tricks, but we were too specialized in our own areas to truly be the witch's disciples. "Again, I'm not against it, just surprised. What exactly are you looking for?"

"Someone with great potential that will not waste my time."

"Were you planning to reincarnate them?"

"No, I was planning on taking your Pawn as an apprentice."

"My Pawn?" I raised an eyebrow. I hadn't had many ideas for a Pawn. I'd shared most of the potential recruits I was thinking about with Medea to get her opinion on them and to hopefully prevent another rejection like how my attempt to recruit Talion went down. There wasn't much I kept from her these days. I hadn't told her the exact story of how I came to be here and what my life was before, but she certainly knew more than anyone else, and even if she figured out the full truth, I wouldn't be concerned. I trusted her.

"You initially told me you wanted him as a Bishop, but I believe a Pawn would be better given where he starts. It would allow you to save your Bishop for someone with their own pre-existing power rather than just their potential. I can teach him. He'll either prosper or collapse under my tutelage. As a Pawn, he will also be able to temporarily promote to Queen, a piece better suited to the fully realized version of himself you told me of."

I was pretty sure I knew who she was talking about now, a recruit I'd initially discarded because I wasn't sure I could ensure their loyalty. "He might turn on us when given what he wants."

"Another reason to let me take him as an apprentice. I will snuff out such thoughts."

"Alright, we can talk about that more later, but I really did want to give you a break today, Caster. Is there something not related to work you want to talk about or do?"

She smiled fondly. "I suppose there is a movie that I was hoping to see at some point."

"We can go right after lunch."

The waiter returned with our meal and we lapsed into silence while we ate, sharing occasional small talk about the food. We just enjoyed each other's company.

We finished our meal and stood up to leave. We had just started to move towards the exit when a figure approached us.

She was taller than Medea but shorter than me, wearing an elegant red dress with various golden ornaments. It was a bit much for my tastes, but I could see how some would find it appealing. She had long blonde hair that fell down past her waist; the tips of her hair were a deep blue. She smiled warmly as she approached. "You are Lord Balthazar Abaddon, correct?"

I regarded her cautiously. I didn't recognize this woman. I didn't know if she was someone important. For all I knew, she could be the manager of this establishment or she could be an assassin. One of those was more likely than the other, but you never know.

"I am." I said, after a moment, carefully watching her reaction.

She held her hand out. "I am Latia Astaroth. It is a pleasure to meet you. Would you be willing to speak with me for a moment?"

I shook Latia's hand, inspecting her.

I had never heard of this woman. I had heard the name Astaroth. I'd known that name long before I came to this world. I wanted nothing to do with Diodora and his whole…thing. Was this girl his sister? Cousin? I didn't know he had any relatives close to his age.

Medea stepped up next to me, taking my other hand and giving it a reassuring squeeze.

"So long as this is quick, Lady Astaroth. I have other plans today." I said neutrally.

Latia smiled brightly. "Of course. Thank you for agreeing. Please," she motioned forward, walking towards the exit of the restaurant. I could feel the eyes of every patron and staff member on us as we left. Maybe this was a mistake. I didn't want to set a precedent that it was okay to approach Medea and I while we were on a date.

"What is this regarding, Lady Astaroth?" I asked once we were out in the street.

She clasped her hands in front of her, turning to fully face me. "I have heard many things about the new business venture you have started with Heir Bael. I would like to assist you."

I narrowed my eyes. So she was trying to ride our coattails, huh? Anyone who wasn't blind could see the two of us were only just getting started. She was trying to get in on the ground floor.

"Forgive the bluntness, but what can you offer us? We have already been approached by several lords seeking the same." Magdaran had been a good fellow and dealt with those letters for me. I probably would have just ripped them up instead of sending a polite refusal the way he did.

"I have a proposal in mind, but it would be better discussed in private. Would you be willing to sit down with me at a later date so I can go over it in detail? Heir Bael is invited as well, of course."

I pursed my lips as I thought. I didn't know anything about this woman except that she shared a last name with a psychopath rapist. That wasn't a lot to go on, and it certainly wasn't endearing me to her. Besides, I doubted she had anything to offer that I couldn't get on my own.

"I would need to discuss this with Magdaran first." I said non committedly.

She nodded, seeming to accept my answer without any complaint. "Of course. Please write to me when you come to a decision. Thank you for your time, and I hope you both enjoy the rest of your day." She curtsied shallowly and walked away.

"Thoughts?" I said.

Medea, still pressed against my side and holding my arm, watched the Astaroth girl as she walked away. "She seemed genuine. Whatever she has to show you is something she is confident in, but that doesn't mean it will be valuable to us."

"I'll bring it up to Magdaran, but I'm not expecting this to go anywhere. Now, let's go watch a movie."

Medea hugged me tighter as a Hole opened up around us to pull us to a theater in the human world we'd been to a couple times before. Medea bought the biggest popcorn they had and we sat down.

She seemed quite taken with Batman Begins, but she did point out all of the places where 'real' ninjas would do things differently than those portrayed on screen. She did that a lot while we watched movies, elaborated on and corrected things she was knowledgeable about. She didn't even look away from the screen while she did so. Some people in the theater didn't seem too pleased with her exposition, but I thought it was cute, so I glared at everyone until they minded their own business.

It was a good date.


X


"This is…wow." Magdaran said breathlessly. The two of us were flying a good three hundred feet in the air over the area on my land I'd set aside for him.

The landscape had transformed since the last time he'd been here. Wild hills had been tamed into plots fit for cultivating whatever he wanted. Greenhouses had been constructed on both hilltops with a third down in the valley near the river. I'd even had the skeletons carve a couple of caves into the hillside to give Magdaran a place to grow fungus.

"It's still not done," I said, pointing to where several skeletons were tilling dirt and redirecting the flow of the stream to irrigate the land. "But you can get started whenever you want. If the skeletons are bothering you, just tell them to go away and they'll come back later." That was one of the advantages of the relatively weak Dragon Tooth Warriors, they never slept, never complained, and didn't need food or water.

"I…I don't know what to say, Bal." He'd started calling me that a little after we opened our business together. I didn't have a problem with it, so I didn't say anything.

"You don't need to say anything. I have a lot of land and a lot of nothing to do with it. I'm trying to find more uses so it isn't just going to waste. You're doing me a favor by setting up shop here."

Magdaran chuckled, shaking his head. "I'm doing you a favor? I'm glad we're friends, Bal. You need someone to make sure no one dismantles you in negotiations."

"Please, that's Caster's job."

Magdaran laughed, a happy sound. "That it is. She seems to be doing a good job of it too from what I can see. Making you a Baron overnight was a good start."

"She's very good at what she does."

Magdaran watched the skeletons working below us. "I can see that. Make sure to tell her thanks for her help setting this up."

"I will," I looked pointedly behind him. "I noticed you don't have shadows today." The two maids that followed him around every time I'd seen him were not present.

Magdaran sighed, his mood souring.

I winced. "Sorry."

He shook his head. "It's not your fault. My father and I had a…disagreement. He believes it is best that I continue on my own until I learn from my mistakes." The corner of his lip pulled up. "Of course, it's not all bad. Now I don't have to worry about Ana and Rowan breathing down my neck all the time."

He'd had a spat with his dad? That… I was not sure what to do here.

"Do you want to talk about it?"

"Please no, anything but that."

"Anything but that it is. Caster and I were approached while on a date by a young woman who claimed to have something to offer us."

Magdaran looked up at me. "Did she give her name?"

"Latia Astaroth."

His eyes lit up. "We've met. Several times, in fact. It's impossible not to run into other Pillar children when you're forced to go to every high-society social event. Latia has always been kind to me. Did she say what she wanted?"

"She said it was something she wanted to discuss privately. I told her I needed to run it by you first."

"Well I have no issue with it. At worst, we refuse her offer and part ways. It can't hurt to hear her out, right?"

I shrugged. "I suppose not. She said to send her a letter when we came to a decision."

Magdaran sighed. "And I suppose I will be the one sending the letter and scheduling our meeting?"

"Well, you see, I'm so busy coordinating the skeletons to set up your botanical haven. I can't be away for even a moment."

Magdaran looked pointedly down at the skeletons currently coordinating themselves without any input from me. "I'm sure." He sighed. "Well, you are providing transport, the labor and the majority of our products. I suppose I can be bothered to pen a few letters. If nothing else, it'll make me feel like I'm actually contributing something."

"Thanks, Magdaran."

"Of course."

"So do you want to see the new plants I got for you?"

Magdaran's eyes lit up. "You have more?"

I'd been collecting stuff from the protected area around our mithril mine that I thought Magdaran might be interested in. I had plans to scout some other places with Aqua's help to get him some really exotic stuff, but that was for the future. I had too much going on right now.

"Come on," I said, leading Magdaran down towards the ground. A skeleton approached us, with an open chest.

Magdaran descended on the contents of the chest, poking and prodding at the petals of flower with tools he'd pulled from…somewhere. He asked me questions about the climate and environment I'd found the samples in and just went into a frenzy trying to learn everything he could about everything I was showing him. Eventually, he locked himself away in one of the greenhouses, seemingly forgetting I was even there.

I left him to it. He seemed like he was having fun. Besides, Medea and I had plans tonight.

It was time to see about finding her an apprentice.


X


It was hot. The sun beat uncaringly down from the sky. The yellow sand beneath only served to accentuate the heat.

A man with wavy black hair sat in the doorway of his small cart, sweat beading his forehead, frustrated. The axle on one of his front wheels had broken. He had the materials to repair it inside the cart, but he wanted to wait for the sun to descend in the sky. It was already scorching enough hunkered in the shade cast by his cart. He didn't need to be working out in the sun.

The man tugged at the yellow vest he wore, pulling it off and throwing it into the cart. The extra layers weren't helping him. As he looked into the cart, he sighed. His eyes passed over the meticulously sorted vials, stones and baubles stored away, ready to be peddled when he finally arrived in the next city. If even one of those items worked the way he claimed, he would be able to fix his axle and be on his way. He wouldn't need to worry about the heat. He wouldn't need to worry about anything.

But it was all a sham. Just like him.

The 'mystical remedies' and 'potent enchantments' he possessed were fake. The result of a lifetime spent searching for knowledge only to realize too late that that knowledge would never be his.

Whenever he stopped in a new village or city, he toted himself as a great sorcerer to try to sell his merchandise, to try to earn enough to eat. He wanted to be a great sorcerer, but the only spell he could cast was that to barely alter his appearance with assistance from a ratty wig and too-expensive makeup.

This was not the life he wanted. This was not the life he deserved.

"You look like you could use some help."

The man sprung his feet, whirling around. A young man walked around the front of the cart. He had blond hair wearing strange clothes colored black and red.

"Uh…yes." The man grabbed a vial from his cart. "Yes, my cart's axle broke. For your assistance, I would offer this–"

"I have no need for your fake knick-knacks." the young man said.

The black-haired man's eyes narrowed. Who did this boy think he was?

The young man looked at him, blinking in shock. "Forgive me. The heat doesn't affect me, I hadn't thought to consider it would affect you. One moment." He held up a hand, a glowing circle of magical runes appearing in the air before him. The next moment, a gust of chilled air passed over the cart owner, banishing the heat in a breath.

The blond young man grinned. "I'm better with fire, but that doesn't mean I'm incapable of using ice and cold."

The black haired man stared slack-jawed at the being in front of him. That was…magic. True magic. Not the worthless scraps he passed off as magic, but actual magic.

"Who…who are you?"

"Did I not introduce myself? How rude of me." He gave an exaggerated bow. "My name is Balthazar Abaddon, Baron of the devil House of Abaddon. It is good to meet you, Shang Tsung."

Shang Tsung opened his mouth, snapping it closed immediately. This man knew his name. No, not man. Demon. Was this creature from the Netherrealm?

"You…You know my name." Shang Tsung said hesitantly.

The devil smiled. "Of course I do. I came here to speak with you, afterall. Please, sit." He motioned to his side.

Shang Tsung stepped back unconsciously. A round table set with three chairs had appeared in front of his cart. Not present one moment, there the next. A square awning held up by posts around the table blocked the sun. A chilled glass of water sat in front of each seat.

Shang Tsung felt a lump in his throat, swallowing nervously. This… This is what he had always been seeking.

Slowly, Shang Tsung walked forward, pulling out a chair and taking a seat.

The devil, Balthazar, sat down across from him. "Let me be direct, what do you want, Shang Tsung?"

He didn't know what to say. "You said you came here for me. Shouldn't I ask what you want?"

"You could, and I will answer. I came here to find you because I feel you have immense potential. I think you can grow to be a supremely powerful sorcerer, and it would be beneficial to me to have such a sorcerer as a servant."

"A servant?"

"Yes," the devil held up his hand. A small red figurine appeared above it. Shang Tsung recalled it belonged to some game from Earthrealm. Some merchants had been playing it in a town he'd been in some time ago. "I want you to be my Pawn. You will become a devil like me, bound to my service. In exchange, you will receive power, magic, status – everything you've ever wanted."

Shang Tsung's eyebrows furrowed as he looked at the devil. "How do I know this is not some trick? If I am bound to you, you have no reason to give me what you offer. If you even can."

The devil smiled. "A little paranoia is a good thing. Let me try to ease your worries. First, yes, you would be bound to me, but I take care of my servants. I would do all I could to assist you, provided you remained loyal to me. Having powerful servants makes me stronger because I can call on their abilities. It does not serve me to keep you weak. And I assure you, I can grant you what you seek."

The devil lifted the red piece up. "This will reincarnate you into a devil, granting you the ability to use devil magic. Even without it, you would be able to become a powerful sorcerer if you received the proper training. I did not seek you out because I wanted a mediocre follower. I sought you out because I wanted someone who could rise to be the best. As I said, my servant's strength is my own strength."

Shang Tsung stared the devil in the eye. "If I accept, you would make me a devil then teach me?"

The devil chuckled, setting the piece on the table. "No, I would not teach you. That would be someone else's job." The devil turned away from him, looking at the third, empty, seat at the table. "What do you think?"

Shang Tsung flinched as the air in front of him shimmered, revealing a woman in a dark cloak, intelligent eyes shining out from beneath her hood like a predator stalking its prey.

"He has potential." the woman said. "You were right about his loyalty. I can practically feel his ambition."

The devil's smile thinned into a serious line. "What's your advice?"

The woman chuckled. "Don't worry yourself, master. It's nothing I can't handle. We just need to direct his ambition in a productive direction."

"Are you another devil?" Shang Tsung asked.

The woman frowned minutely. She stood. She was not tall, but Shang Tsung still felt her presence bearing down on him as she slowly approached him.

"My name is Medea, Witch of Colchis, Balthazar Abaddon's Queen. While in public, the members of my master's peerage refer to me as Caster to shield my identity. You will refer to me as 'master'." She waved her hand and a sheet of parchment appeared in it. "Should you accept my master's offer, you will become my apprentice. I will train you to the best of my ability. You will become a sorcerer the likes of which you've never dreamed. In return, you will never use the strength you gain against my master in any capacity."

She set the paper down in front of him. "This is a magically enforced contract outlining the terms of this arrangement. If you break this contract, the consequences will be dire. If you cannot accept these terms, then do not sign. We will leave you to live your life here. If you sign, you will become my apprentice and my master's Pawn. You will return to our world with us where I will teach you everything you've ever wanted to learn and more."

"Medea, I don't want magical bindings to be the reason my peerage is loyal. They'll try to find ways around them." Balthazar said.

"Trust me, master."

The devil nodded, watching Shang Tsung closely.

Shang Tsung picked up the parchment. Glowing blue words outlined the details of the proposed arrangement. As the self-professed witch said, the terms of consequences of betraying the man who would become his master were severe. The contract would bind his magic, making him unable to use it ever again. Additionally, it would inflict twice as much suffering upon him as he had in his betrayal. Shang Tsung didn't know what metric could be used to feasibly determine what 'twice the suffering' was. Suffering was not something easily quantifiable. There were many forms and each person experienced each form differently. How then could a magic quantify it and match that quantity to someone else?

Shang Tsung wanted to learn.

Shang Tsung looked at the devil seated across from him. "If you give me what you promise, then I will be your loyal servant." If the devil discarded him, he would find a way around the contract and have his justice.

The witch held a pen out to him.

Shang Tsung took the pen. As he signed the contract, he felt a small cut open on his finger. The pen was using his blood as ink.

The moment his signature was on the page. Shang Tsung gasped, feeling a force inside him closing in around his heart.

"Do you feel that?" the witch said. "That is the contract placing its hold on you."

Shang Tsung clutched at his chest. He did not enjoy this feeling.

The witch continued speaking. "Remember that feeling, apprentice." A dagger with a mishappen blade impractical for any conceivable use appeared in the witch's hand. "Rule Breaker." She stabbed the blade down into the contract.

Shang Tsung gasped, feeling the cold hand that had closed down on him vanish in an instant.

"I have broken the contract." Medea said. "There is now nothing other than your word tying you to my master. Do not break it. The consequences will be far more dire than those outlined in the contract."

"What was the point of that?" Shang Tsung demanded, feeling his ire rise.

Medea smiled at him. "You don't like feeling powerless, do you? Good. Use that drive. I will not be a benevolent mentor. I will demand nothing but your best. You will either flourish under my tutorship or be crushed. The world we are taking you to is not kind. There are those that will toy with you for no reason other than their own boredom. We will fight with you, and you will fight with us, but we cannot count on any other allies. I will make you strong enough to be an asset to my master. What you do with that strength is your own prerogative so long as you continue aiding him when he requires it."

Shang Tsung was starting to think that this woman was not entirely sane. Still, she and Balthazar had what wanted, what he'd sought for so long. She was playing with him, poking and prodding to see how he reacted. He had no doubts that she was powerful. She'd offered to share that power with him. If his service was his payment for that prize, then he would offer it.

"Make me a devil." Shang Tsung demanded of the still seated Abaddon.

"You're sure? You will not be able to–"

"I am sure."

Balthazar stood, the red Pawn floating up into his hand. He approached, pressing the Pawn into Shang Tsung's chest.

Shang Tsung's breath fled his lungs. His eyes shot wide.

Shang Tsung felt powerful.



Spoiler: New Peerage Member
Last edited: Jan 19, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, Norego and 1,843 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 19, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 12
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,634
Since opening shop, our store in Lucifaad had been packed most days. Almost everything we put out was sold within the hour. It had gotten to the point where we rarely even put anything on the shelves these days. People would send in a custom order and Medea would get to it when she got to it. It was an obscene turnover rate, but that's what happens when you have the Witch of Colchis making most of your goods. The storefront had gradually become more of an office than a store, a place for people to submit their orders.

The building was not small, but it was still insufficient to handle the crowds we typically saw. The Dragon Tooth Warriors were unable to keep up with everyone. They were, however, a point of interest. Most magical constructs in DXD were either less complex or more complex but far more rare. Medea's soldiers were new, a novelty. People tended to lose interest when they realized how weak the constructs were, but it still gave our business some character to have creepy purple skeletons working in them. It added to the atmosphere.

Currently, the office was closed down. The only occupants were myself and several skeletons walking about. Magdaran and I were set to meet with Latia here in about an hour, and I wanted to get here early to get some work done.

I sat at my desk, flipping through requests submitted for items to be made. I stamped the ones asking for potent weapons or armor with a big red 'DENIED'. I wasn't looking to arm anyone. We had intentionally given out mostly household items or enchanted umbrellas with the only exceptions to that rule being small daggers and small armor pieces. I didn't need anyone stockpiling magical weapons made in my store and staging a revolt or anything equally dramatic. Once the buzz of our entrance into the market died down, we'd slowly start to send out some very minor enchanted items that could be used in combat. None of them would be anywhere near the strength of Aqua's armor or sword. We were already drawing a bunch of attention, I didn't need to add gunpowder onto the fire.

A knock came from the window behind me.

I spun around in my chair, blinking in surprise at what I saw. A dark-haired woman in a skirt suit waved at me enthusiastically, hovering in the air on her wings. We were closed, but telling the Leviathan to go away was probably not a good move.

I stood and pointed down. Serafall gave me a thumbs up and floated down out of sight. I started heading towards the stairs to the first level, sending a pulse of magic to the skeletons as I did.

I reached the ground floor just as a skeleton locked the door behind Serafall. The Satan was looking around with an appreciative eye. All of the shelves were empty, so she must have been looking at something else.

"You've got some nasty protections on this place." she commented.

"My Queen's work. She is very skilled." Medea had laid protections into each of our storefronts. They weren't as extensive as the ones on the house and paled before what she was doing to the castle we were building, but they were sufficient.

I stopped a few paces in front of Serafall and bowed shallowly. "Lady Leviathan, it is good to see you again."

She gave an over-exaggerated bow. "Baron Abaddon, such a pleasure to see you again. There. Can we cut with all the protocol now?"

"By all means. I don't care much for it."

"That makes two of us. It gets tedious when it's all you do day-in and day-out."

"I'm sure. There's couches upstairs if you want to sit? I can have the skeletons bring you some tea and snacks as well." I wasn't sure why she was here, but I was willing to bet it would take more than a minute.

"That sounds good." As Serafall followed me up the stairs, she stole several glances over her shoulder at the skeletons wandering around the first floor dusting shelves and sweeping the floor. "What are those things? They're pretty impressive as far as simple servants go. They'd kinda suck as shock-troops in the supernatural, but they could probably deal with normal humans just fine."

"Another creation of my Queen. Forgive me, but that is all I am at liberty to say."

"Fair enough."

I led Serafall into our break room with opposing couches separated by a coffee table. We sat opposite each other. Skeletons came in with trays filled with tea and cookies.

"How is Issei acclimating to your sister's peerage?"

Serafall let out a long sigh, fixing me with a pointed frown. "You could have warned me, you know?"

"Are things not going well?"

Serafall shook her head. "No. Sona has him well in hand, and he knows not to step out of line with her. When he is able to focus for a full five minutes he can actually get a lot of work done. It's getting him to focus, that's the issue."

"I'm sure." I took the tea and plate of cookies offered by the skeletons and set them on the table in front of me. "So what brings you here?"

"I brought you a present! And…I'm here to ask a favor."

"Is the present contingent on the completion of the favor?"

"Wouldn't be much of a present if it was."

"Well since you're going to ask for a favor, I have one to ask as well."

Serafall leaned back in her seat, a cookie in hand. "What do you need?"

"My Queen has expressed a desire to start building her own peerage. I know the last High Class Test was fairly recent considering I participated in it, but I was wondering if there was any way she could get a set of peerage pieces?"

Serafall pursed her lips. "I don't know as much as I would like about your Queen. Would she be able to pass the test? I know she's a strong negotiator, but there's a difference between talking and fighting."

"She would have destroyed every graduate of the last test. I'm the only one who could maybe give her a fight, and even that is dependent on circumstances." I'd watched the recordings from the other graduates out of boredom. None of them were all that impressive. Medea would annihilate them. Between Medea and I, I wasn't sure who would win if we fought. I had plenty of tricks to outmaneuver her, but I was willing to bet she had more to use against me. She probably couldn't pin me down when I could just use Hole to flee, so a fight might end in a stalemate. It would be interesting if nothing else.

"I had assumed as much after meeting her, but I didn't know for sure. I'll talk to Ajuka and see what we can do. He'll likely be more willing to help if the rest of this talk goes well, but before all that. I need to give you your present before I forget. Catch." She pulled something out of her coat and tossed it to me.

I caught the object, turning it over in my hands to inspect it; a small bronze key.

"Congratulations!" Serafall said. "You are now the proud owner of a rather sizable building a few streets down from here."

I carefully controlled my reaction as I looked up to meet Serafall's eyes. "You bought me a building in downtown Lucifaad?"

"I've been keeping tabs on you. I know this place isn't big enough and that it was only a matter of time before you upgraded. I thought I'd help you out a bit."

"Where exactly is this building?"

"A couple streets over from where I work."

Ah. There was the detail I was missing. The largest reason we practically gave Boosted Gear to Serafall for free was to buy us her protection. Whether she liked us or not, she'd realize we were not people she wanted as enemies. We knew that would only multiply when we started selling things in earnest. Serafall was bringing us physically closer to her. That was likely as much to show everyone that we were on her side as it was to offer us protection. Rejecting this 'present' would needlessly alienate Serafall, and we did need to find a bigger space.

"I appreciate it, but we can't just drop everything and move. I need to talk to Magdaran and Caster first."

Serafall shrugged, not seeming to care. "It's your building. Move when you want. Once you're ready to set up, I'll bring all of the paperwork over. Just let me know."

"Should I schedule another meeting?"

"I'll give you my phone number. You can contact me that way."

Satan just offered to give me her phone number. One of the busiest, most powerful, most influential people in the Underworld just offered to give me a direct line of communication. Neat. I'd need to get a phone now.

"What's the number?"

Serafall looked at me strangely when I pulled out a pen and paper. "Do you not have a phone?"

I held up a hand, creating a Hole over it. A second Hole opened above my head. "I've never needed one." I said into the Hole, the sound traveling to the one above me.

Serafall pursed her lips as she watched the display. "That's an interesting trick. I didn't know Hole could do that."

"Most people only see what Bedeze uses them for in his Rating Games. You didn't hear this from me, but he's kind of an idiot. There's more applications than, 'Fill Hole with power. Make Hole go boom'."

Serafall snorted, an amused smile on her face. I hadn't expected to evoke such a reaction from her.

"That certainly does sound like him." Serafall said. She rattled off her phone number quickly while I noted it down.

"Alright. I will send you a text once I have a phone." I said, tucking her number away in my coat pocket. "Now, I believe you said something about asking for a favor?"

Serafall took a sip of tea. "You've been selling a lot of items with mithril. I've seen some of the knives that have come out of your shop."

"We won't be moving into larger weapons for a while. Even then, there won't be anything that could cause major problems."

Serafall raised an eyebrow. "It's already causing problems, but that wasn't what I was asking for."

"What kinds of problems?"

"Everyone can see you're holding back. They know you can make things that are a lot better than what you're selling. It's making a lot of people very uncomfortable. A craftsman of that caliber is rare, let alone one who can produce items at the speed you're moving. The only one I can think of who might be comparable is Nimue, but she hasn't been seen since Excalibur was fractured."

"The Lady of the Lake?"

"The same."

"Am I in danger?" I asked her point blank. I knew we'd be causing waves, but maybe I'd underestimated just how scarce capable craftsmen were in DXD.

"No." Serafall said seriously. "People were poking around for sure, but I've made it clear you're off limits. If anyone approaches you that you feel is threatening you or trying to coerce you into doing anything, call me. I'll deal with it."

Did Satan herself just offer to scare away anyone trying to fuck with me? "…Thank you. That's a lot of protection you're offering me."

A small smile pulled at her lips. "You did give my sister a really nice gift, even if he's a bit of a fixer upper. But that's not all. We, devilkind, needed an advantage like this. Ajuka is good, but he gets too lost in conceptual projects and things too big to help most devils. Whatever it is you're doing has the potential to lift us all up."

"Since that's the case, I assume you don't want me to sell to other factions?" We'd been preparing to do so, but losing Serafall's protection wasn't worth it.

"Oh, no. It's better if you do. They won't be able to claim we're arming ourselves if you're impartial with your clientele. Just don't give anyone clearly wanting to stir up trouble a big stick."

"Easy enough."

"Good. Now to the actual favor I wanted. Would you be willing to sell raw materials to us? 'Us' being the Satans. Ajuka is practically salivating at the thought of getting his hands on a large supply of mithril."

I hadn't expected that, but I suppose I should have. From an outside perspective, I had access to a large quantity of a very rare material that would likely dry up soon. They wanted to stockpile as much as they could before my resource ran out. They didn't know I could just go find another one.

"I haven't been selling materials mainly because I didn't want anyone to use them against me, but I'd be willing to sell it to you. How much of what does he want?"

"Well, he told me…" Serafall trailed off, her eyes narrowing. "What do you mean, 'of what'?"

I grinned, waving my hand to open several Holes over the coffee table. Lumps of unrefined ores of various colors clattered onto the table. I banished the Holes once the samples were present.

Frowning, Serafall reached out, picking up a dull silver metal and turning it over in her hands. "I'm not a blacksmith. What are these?"

"Mithril, orichalcum, diamond, platinum, and what you're holding is adamantium." I pointed to each metal as I named it.

Serafall sighed, dropping the metal back onto the table and rubbing her forehead. "Are you hiding anything else with the potential to give me a headache?"

"Probably."

"Figured. Keep the platinum and the diamond. How much for the rest of them?"

"Take them as a sample. Let me know what Lord Beelzebub wants more of and I'll get him more of it. We've been focusing our resources on mithril for now, so if he wants something else I need to know so I can divert some manpower into retrieving it. We'll work out pricing once he knows what he wants."

"Thanks, Balthazar," She picked up the small chunks of orichalcum, mithril and adamantium, disappearing them into her coat. "Get a phone soon. I'll call you once you give me your number."

She stood, and I followed her to my feet.

She nodded. "We'll talk soon." A magic circle started to spread out from her feet before shattering. Her eyes were wide in surprise.

"Is something wrong?" I asked.

She slowly shook her head, lips pursed as she looked down at the magic seeping back into the floor from where it rose to shatter her circle, a reactive defense to foreign teleportation. "No. Would you mind walking me out?"

"Of course." I led her out of the room and down the hall. Her gaze dragged on the skeletons and various parts of the wall as we walked, a thoughtful frown on her face.

"It was good to see you again, Lady Leviathan." I said, bowing shallowly when we reached the door.

"Call me Serafall. And you don't have to bow." she said distractedly. "Balthazar, is your Queen Greek?"

I carefully controlled my expression. "Caster enjoys her privacy. I'm sorry, but I'm not at liberty to say."

Serafall nodded. "Don't worry about it. I'll see you soon." She left the shop, teleporting away moments after she reached the street.

I frowned, staring out the window at the space she just disappeared from. A Hole opened next to my mouth. "Caster, are you busy?"

"Nothing I can't put aside." the voice of my Queen replied immediately. "Do you need my help? Are Latia and Magdaran there?"

"No. The meeting hasn't started yet. Serafall Leviathan dropped by. She gave us a new headquarters and wanted some raw metal for Ajuka Beelzebub."

"You would have waited to tell me that. What else happened?"

"She tried to teleport out of the office. When your protections stopped her, she asked me if you were Greek."

There was a beat of silence before Medea responded. "We couldn't keep my identity hidden forever, master. I'll admit, I would have enjoyed a longer stay in anonymity, but there's nothing to be done now. If the Leviathan has determined who I am, I believe she will keep it to herself, but it is inevitable the secret will spill."

"I know. Just take care of yourself. She told me that even the minor items you've put out make you comparable to the Nimue of this world. People learning who you are is only going to make it that much worse."

"Thank you for the warning, master. I'll make some preparations, but this won't change things too much. As I said, it was inevitable the world would know of me. I've been preparing since I arrived."

"I'm glad to hear it. I'll let you know how the meeting with Magdaran and Latia goes."

"Until then, master."

I closed the Hole.

I'd warned Medea. That was all I could do. She was right. It was only a matter of time before people figured out who she was, and I'd rather Serafall, an ally, be the first to put it together than a potential enemy.

I headed back upstairs. I still had a meeting with Latia and Magdaran to prepare for.


X


Medea had a small frown on her face as the Hole closed in front of her. She hadn't expected to be revealed to the world so soon, but she would not hide herself away. Like she'd told Balthazar, it was inevitable that her identity would become common knowledge. She was not looking forward to dealing with a pantheon filled with living Greek gods, but she would adapt.

"How much longer?"

Medea narrowed her eyes at the man sitting cross-legged across from her. Sweat was pouring down his face, gliding past the glowing rune emblazoned on his forehead.

Medea shook her head disapprovingly. "When Balthazar was a child, he endured four times the strain you are currently under every day. You are weak, so I am allowing you to progress slower, but you will not improve if you whine at every opportunity."

"I fail to see…how this will…help me." Shang Tsung said in between breaths. The rune on his forehead was sapping away his demonic power, storing it in several gems orbiting his body in the air.

"The more exhausted you are, the more rapidly you will grow in strength. Now, continue."

The man growled, but complied. His arms rose at his side. Orange energy gathered in his palms. Orbs of fire slowly levitated above his hands. The man had a talent for elemental magic, but Medea wanted more from him. Balthazar had told her of this man's potential. She would bring it out of him kicking and screaming if she had to.

"Focus, apprentice." Medea said, taking the offered brick from a Dragon Tooth Warrior and beginning to scribe enchantments into it. She really was enjoying building her castle. Yes, her master commissioned it and it was on his lands, but who was actually building it? Whose skeletal constructs served as its builders and would serve as its future servant staff? Who was editing the plans drawn up by those contractors to hide away several fun secrets and make it more grand and comfortable?

It was her castle. But Balthazar could think it was his. Medea didn't mind. They'd both be living in it after all.

The orbs of fire above Shang Tsung's hands flickered.

"Focus." Medea chided. She handed off the finished brick to a waiting skeleton, taking the next one and continuing her work.

"I…can't–"

"If you lose focus again, I will intensify the rune's effect twofold." Medea said coldly, carefully etching runes into the brick in her hand.

"AaaaAAAAAHHHH!" Shang Tsung's growl turned to a roar of exertion. The fire above his hands flickered a sickly green.

Medea's hands paused, the brick in her hands forgotten as she focused on the energy saturating the air around Shang Tsung. "That is enough."

Shang Tsung's body went slack. The fire winked out and the glowing rune on his forehead faded to nothing as Medea dispelled it. He sat there, breathing deeply.

Medea watched him intently. "Did you feel that?"

"Did I feel what?"

Medea snatched his hand, holding it up. "Call the fire back."

"You said–" he gritted his teeth as Medea's hand crushed down on his own.

"Call the fire back." Medea repeated.

Shang Tsung huffed. He curled his fingers. Medea felt a flicker of the same energy from before.

Shang Tsung flinched, startled as Medea clasped her hand over his, feeding the ravenous energy emitting from Shang Tsung, threatening to wink out. His eyes widened in awe as she removed her hand. An orb of pale green energy floated above his palm, spilling sickly green mist into the air.

"What is this?" Shang Tsung asked. He could feel the power he held, but he didn't know how to direct it. He didn't even know how it had come to be.

"This is why my master reincarnated you." Medea said. "He knew your potential. He knew you could achieve great heights with this magic."

"Yes, and I will never betray him or you will destroy me. I am aware of the arrangement, master." Shang Tsung said, rolling his eyes.

Medea pursed her lips as she looked at the man. "I have told you much of this world, apprentice. I have yet to tell you everything. Do you know how one makes a peerage?"

"They use their chess pieces to reincarnate others." Shang Tsung said distractedly, fascinated by the green energy he held. He didn't dare look away. If this was why Baron Abaddon had reincarnated him, then there must be something unique or special about it.

"Yes, but how does one acquire those pieces?"

"I had assumed the nobility used them to reincarnate their servants."

"They do, but nobles are not the only ones who may use them. I plan to acquire my own set soon."

Now Shang Tsung's eyes snapped up to meet hers. She had his attention.

"A devil of sufficient strength may pass an examination and be granted the ability to make their own peerage." Medea continued. "I will still be Balthazar's Queen, but I may simultaneously be King of my own peerage. Tell me, apprentice, do you know how a devil's prestige is determined?"

"I do not."

"There are many contributing factors, but the most important to my eyes are three. First, the devil's strength. No matter who you are, if you are stronger than all others your will is law. Second, lineage. You do not have a great devil ancestor, so this will not help you. Finally, one's allies, most commonly their peerage. When it is revealed that Balthazar has not only Medea of Colchis but the Colchian Dragon in his peerage, he will immediately be regarded with respect and caution. People will then look at Aqua and wonder what secrets she hides. People will look at you and wonder how you could compare to an ancient dragon and the woman who battled it."

Shang Tsung looked back at the energy gathered above his hand. "They will expect me to be strong."

"Yes. If you prove them right, you will have prestige all your own. Being the Pawn of the Underworld's rising star will elevate you even as it elevates Balthazar."

"So my fate is tied to his by more than the Pawn he used to reincarnate me." He was silent for a moment. "You are insinuating that it is in my best interest that he succeeds. If for no other reason than my own success. Would you not be worried that I was driven by such selfish motivations?"

"I don't care about your reasons, only the actions resulting from them. But they would not be selfish motivations. Balthazar gave you what you always wanted. He will never act against you unless you turn on him first. He has the potential to be your greatest ally, and I do not believe you are stupid enough to squander that opportunity. Now, summon more of that power and begin trying to manipulate it."

Medea picked up her brick, once more scribing runes into it. She kept an eye on Shang Tsung, ensuring he didn't hurt himself while he began experimenting with the green magic. Balthazar was right. Medea could feel the power behind Shang Tsung's magic, untrained and meek though it currently was. Once she was done with him, Shang Tsung would be a terror to be reckoned with.


X


Magdaran arrived twenty minutes prior to the meeting. We sat in the break room eating cookies while I told him about Serafall's gift of a new building and asked his thoughts.

"I won't complain about a larger space, but we don't have enough things to fill it."

I nodded. "Manual labor isn't really an issue with the skeletons, but we don't have enough items to use it as a storefront. It would probably be better as a headquarters, but we will need to hire more people in the future because the skeletons can't think for themselves. That building will have more space for devil workers, so it can be where we operate out of."

Magdaran shrugged. "Works for me."

A skeleton walked into the room. "Hissssss."

"Thank you," I said to the mindless construct. "Latia's here." I told Magdaran.

He stood up. "Let's go meet her."

We walked downstairs. The skeletons were in the process of taking Latia's coat when we entered the room. She seemed both perturbed and intrigued by the shambling skeletons.

"Latia," Magdaran greeted. "It's good to see you again."

Latia turned and curtsied. "Heir Bael, thank you for agreeing to meet with me."

"Please, just call me Magdaran."

Latia turned to me. "Lord Abaddon," she greeted.

"Call me Balthazar."

Magdaran shook her hand. "I've been looking forward to meeting with you. Come on upstairs. We've set the conference room up with refreshments."

We led Latia up to a conference room with an oval table and several chairs around it. Magdaran and I sat next to each other on one side while the skeletons helped Latia into her seat across from us, offering tea and snacks.

"You have unique servants." Latia commented as a skeleton handed her a cup of tea. "I can't say that I have ever seen anything like them. Is this some form of necromancy?"

"Not exactly." I said. "They're magical constructs made to look like skeletons. No graves were robbed in their creation, but there are some similarities to some forms of necromancy."

"Thank you for indulging my curiosity."

"You're welcome."

"Far be it from me to break up the small talk, but we are here for a reason." Magdaran said. "Bal told me you had a business proposal for us?"

Latia nodded. "I do. It shouldn't surprise you that the two of you have attracted a large amount of attention recently. Everyone is trying to figure out how this company you've built sprang from nothing to suddenly being the titan it is."

Magdaran frowned. "Yes. Many people have tried to take advantage of us too."

Latia shook her head quickly. "That isn't my intent. I'm not here to try to muscle my way into your business. I would like to work for the two of you, but I don't come empty-handed."

"What exactly is your goal?" I asked. "You want to work for us, but in what capacity?" If she was trying to join us as a partner, I'd be tempted to tell her to leave immediately. That's what most of the lords who'd reached out to us for 'collaboration' had done. They'd seen we were successful and wanted their name attached to us for no work on their end.

"I wasn't sure exactly what positions you needed to be filled, but I thought I could start as a secretary of sorts. I'm good with numbers, and I have several connections despite my age. I'm only a branch member of the Astaroth Pillar. I realized when I was younger that I would need to make friends if I wanted to make something of myself because I wouldn't be inheriting the house."

"Is that what you're offering us?" Magdaran asked, a thoughtful frown on his face. "Your expertise and contacts?"

"In part," Latia said. "But that isn't all. I've seen that you are selling herbs and medicines Magdaran. I remember you telling me once that you enjoyed botany. I'd assume you're growing everything yourself?"

"I am." he said.

Latia smiled. She withdrew something from an unseen pocket in her dress, showing it to us. It was a small coin I didn't recognize. She flipped the coin into the air and dramatically snapped her fingers.

The rapidly spinning coin slowed to a crawl, barely making any progress further into the air, flipping end over end so slow as if it was hovering.

"I am not sure whether Magdaran told you or not, Balthazar, but I am able to use the Agares Pillar's power of Time. My mother originally was a member of the Agares Pillar before marrying into the Astaroth Pillar. As a result…" She snapped her fingers again. The coin positively flew through the air, moving many times faster than should've been possible. The flipping sides moved so fast as to appear to be a solid sphere to the eye. Latia caught the coin out of the air, smiling proudly. "I can locally speed or slow down time. I can use this to help you grow your plants faster, Magdaran. I can speed up the time around them to as much as one hour for every minute."

"That's definitely appealing." I heard Magdaran mutter under his breath. By the way Latia smiled, she likely heard him as well.

"An hour for a minute? Impressive." I said, reevaluating the woman across from me. I wasn't sure if it was common for someone who could use Time or if Latia was exceptionally good with it. I hadn't expected Latia to be able to use Time or for her to so casually demonstrate it during this meeting or I would have done some research beforehand. That coin trick of hers was certainly dramatic. All I really knew about Time was that it was an Agares Pillar power.

I knew nothing about the lower or upper limits of Time, but a minute for an hour was absurd time slippage. Every second could be made into a minute and vice versa. There had to be other limiting factors to the ability that prevented it from being used in certain situations because that was just insane. Then again, the Agares Pillar was the Archduke Pillar, second in power only to the Baels themselves with their ability to destroy concepts. If someone capable of using Time, who appeared to be roughly my age, could do this much… There was a reason the Agares Pillar was ranked so highly.

"Thank you." Latia said, pleased. "I've worked hard to be able to accomplish this. Of course, the larger the area I have to cover and the longer I have to maintain the effect, the sooner I will tire, so I would recommend creating a small area with projects you would want me to focus on more than others."

"Would a small greenhouse work? Something a little bigger than the size of this room?" Magdaran asked, sounding very excited about the idea.

Latia pursed her lips, looking around to gauge the space. "I could make that work. I'd likely only be able to hold the effect for twenty minutes or so before losing my hold on it. I'd need to rest before starting again to keep from overexerting myself."

"Nearly a day's worth of growth in half an hour? I'll take it." Magdaran said. If my guess was right, Magdaran already wanted to leave this meeting with a new, time-controlling secretary. There were some points I still wanted to cover though.

"Latia," I began. "If you came to work for us, would you be representing yourself, or would you be representing the Astaroth family?" It was a very important distinction. If she was a free agent, then I'd be more willing to work with her. If she were working on behalf of her family, letting her into our business would let them into our business. I'd stonewall her to keep the Astaroths out. I'd find a way to make it up to Magdaran if necessary, but I didn't want Dioroda's hands anywhere near my holdings.

Latia's confidence faltered a moment. "I am…working on my own. I broached the topic of cooperation to my family, but they didn't see the same potential that I did. However, I would be willing to continue negotiating with them on your behalf."

She thought I'd turn her away because she had no Pillar backing? Actually, that was an entirely logical fear. A Pillar's support was worth far more than a single member of said Pillar. From the outside looking in, people probably thought I would prefer the Pillar's strength to Latia personally. She wouldn't have known that I was asking specifically because I wanted to keep the rest of her family out.

"That's no major issue. I just wanted it to be clear." I said.

Latia seemed to relax a bit, perking back up. "I may not be able to offer the Astaroth's support, but I might still be able to offer the support of one member of my family. My uncle and I were talking recently. He confided in me that he wanted to approach you to see about procuring materials."

Magdaran seemed intrigued. "Lord Beelzebub?"

I blinked, looking between Magdaran and Latia.

You know, I knew there was a reason I let Medea handle all of this negotiating stuff. I fucking sucked at it. Why didn't I think to research this woman before sitting at the table across from her? I should've known about Time before coming into this meeting. And I definitely should have known that her uncle was Ajuka fucking Beelzebub. It made sense in hindsight. Ajuka was an Astaroth before renouncing his name when he became a devil. Latia was an Astaroth. I hadn't expected much to come from this meeting. I'd made it mostly because Magdaran had seemed to want to so I hadn't done any due diligence.

Lesson learned. I was never going to let myself be needlessly blindsided like this again.

"Yes," Latia said. "I can potentially negotiate a deal with him on your behalf. Having a Satan on your side would be a great boon." She was grinning triumphantly. Her smile faded slightly when she saw I wasn't awed by her offer.

This hadn't been her trump card had it? That was awkward.

"Um… We already set up a similar deal." I said.

Latia blinked. "What?"

"Serafall Leviathan stopped by about thirty minutes before you got here. She gave us a new building to use for our headquarters as a token of goodwill and left with some samples to give to your uncle. They're going to figure out what all they want then get back to me so we can figure out payment."

Latia blinked again. "The Leviathan was here? She gave you the same offer?"

"Yes."

"Thirty minutes ago?"

"Yes."

"She gave you a building?"

"She did."

Latia deflated, her shoulders slumping down. "Well there goes my dramatic proposal. I don't have any buildings lying around to top her bribe."

"If it helps," Magdaran said. "I'm still very interested in hiring you. Time could really help me cut down on how long it takes to figure things out." His eyes flicked to me. "It would also really help to have someone else to deal with clerical work. Bal doesn't really care for it."

Latia perked back up slightly, looking at me hopefully.

I pursed my lips as I considered the woman across from me. "Would you mind if I ask why you want to work for us? You've told us what you can offer, but I want to know your reasons for approaching us." I didn't want to let her in if she just wanted to use us to elevate her own status.

Latia thought for a moment before speaking. "I already told you that I won't inherit the family. I have no issues with that, but it puts me in a position that leaves my future somewhat uncertain. I could live off of my family's wealth and live comfortably, but I don't want that. I want to build something, to do something that has an impact. The two of you have barely started and you've already done that. I want to help you. I want to be a part of whatever this is going to turn into. It'll make for a much more interesting life than to be used as a political pawn hosting tea parties and gossiping all day."

"Well I'm convinced." Magdaran said. He looked at me. "You said yourself that we'd need to hire more people soon because the skeletons can't think." He motioned to Latia. "She might be the best candidate we get, and she approached us on her own initiative. I say we should take her on."

Latia looked like she was trying to control her reaction. Her eyes were intently fixed on me.

I chuckled, looking at Magdaran. "You just want Time for your plants."

"You don't understand how useful that'll be!" he said as if he'd been waiting for me to comment on it. "A lot of smaller stuff can show legitimate progress in a short time. I could do so much more with her help."

I looked back at Latia. "Most of your job will likely be helping Magdaran and writing polite refusals to powerful nobles. We're getting too many requests and we don't have the time to fill them all. You'll probably make a lot of people angry."

"I am willing to write whatever letters you want me to." Latia responded.

I shrugged. "Alright. Let's give it a shot. We'll meet back in a month to see how things are going and determine if we want to make any changes."

Latia visibly relaxed, a happy smile on her face. "You won't regret this. When should I start?"

"Well, we've got a new building to set up. Let's grab some skeletons and go scout out our new headquarters. We can work out a salary, benefits and all that while we're exploring. We don't exactly have a new hire contract lying around, but we can figure something out."

"That is agreeable."

The three of us stood, leaving the shop together. We walked down the street towards where Serafall had told me the new building would be. It took us a bit to find it because none of us had been there before. The streets weren't packed, but there was a fair number of other people out and about. The three of us drew several pairs of eyes as we wandered around together. I guess it wasn't every day that you saw three young nobles wandering lost in Lucifaad.

We eventually found the building and I let us in. It was tall, four stories with a sub-level. There were too many offices for me to know what to do with at present, but if we were going to keep expanding we would need a location like this.

I opened a Hole to bring some skeletons in to start cleaning things up while we looked around. Magdaran, Latia and I went over the details of how we'd work together. Latia would have a month-long trial period to see if she was a good fit where she would help Magdaran with the clerical side of the business. After that time if we wanted to keep her around, she'd mostly take it over from Magdaran who would devote more of his time to his plants.

I was happy with the arrangement. It wasn't like we were turning over the keys to all of our secrets, and we would need to start hiring other devils eventually. This was a trial run to see how it worked out.

We'll see how it goes.
Last edited: Jan 21, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, Norego and 1,951 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 20, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 13
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,753
"What are we looking for, Balthazar?" Aqua asked, walking at my side.

After the meeting, I'd decided I should probably get to work securing some future supplies. I didn't know how much of what material Beelzebub would want, but I wanted to be able to deliver. To that end, I'd asked Aqua to scout some locations with me.

"Just keep your eyes peeled for any ore veins." I said, looking over the walls of the cave we were currently walking through.

This was the fourth location the two of us had scouted this trip. The only mine I knew the general location of was The Lost Mine of Phandelver that we'd set up shop in when we first set foot in Faerun. Well, the only mine that wasn't currently in use anyway. I knew of a few others, but I would have to steal them from the people already making use of them which I wasn't too excited to try.

I was trying to keep as much of a low profile in this world as possible. That was why I had Medea layer every location we'd set up shop in with so many illusory wards and protective barriers to effectively separate them from the rest of the world. I did not want to get involved with the locals here. There was too much baggage involved with that. Local pantheons, adventurers of considerate power, metaphysics and entities that I was very thankful I hadn't happened upon when I showed up here the first time – the less attention we drew the better.

That was honestly why there were some worlds I hadn't ventured towards yet. There were some places with entities I knew for a fact I could not compete with that may or may not be able to bar my entry or capture me mid-transit. With Aqua working with me, that possibility was far more slim, but it still existed.

One individual I really wanted to offer a place as my bishop existed in one such world. I was fairly confident I could get to them and that they would almost assuredly accept after hearing my offer, but the infinitely powerful monsters that existed in said world and barred entry from potential outsiders prevented me from reaching out. It sucked, but that was the way it was. There was no use whining about it when the risk of something going wrong trying to reach them or worse, getting on the bad side of one of the stewards of that world far outweighed the reward posed by said potential recruit.

When I first came to this world, Faerun, I'd taken a risk. Not as significant of one, but a risk all the same. Luckily, Medea was able to set up shields before we were noticed, or we were noticed and deemed a non-problem. Whatever the case, we weren't yet having issues, and outside of the scrying Medea did to find new sites and my short scouting excursions with Aqua, the only permanent residents in this world from ours were the skeletons, and they were all expendable, if mildly irritating to replace.

So far our stay in Faerun had been productive. With Medea's help scrying potential locations, Aqua and I had managed to locate a few other locations suitable for mining, but our current Adamantium mine was small with few ore veins, it wouldn't be able to handle a large demand for supplies, so Aqua and I were searching for a better one now.

Waving my hand, I moved a globule of magical light around the pitch-dark cavern. We were far underground right now. There was no source of light, and even without devil vision it was difficult to make out detail. Aqua walked a next to me, her sword unsheathed and held high, spilling silver light into the air as she looked over the opposite wall. There were some veins of adamantium in the walls, but they were few and small. I'd only counted three since arriving. This cave wouldn't make for a good mine. Not when we could find something better.

I shook my head. "I'm thinking this is another bust."

"We still have one more to try." Aqua said optimistically.

"Do you want to try it today or wait for tomorrow?"

"Let's go now."

"As you wish." With a wave of my hand, a Hole enveloped the two of us, pulling us to the final Location Medea had marked down as a potential. One of the benefits to having Hole, teleportation in general really, was large amount of ground you could cover with minimal effort. It wouldn't be feasible for us to have mines spread all over the world if we couldn't easily transport our skeletons between them and the ore they mined back out, but with Hole, I could do both with minimal effort, allowing us to roam as we pleased. The location we were scouting now was across the continent from our mithril mine, but Medea had felt adamantium at this location, so we were checking it out.

"Wow," Aqua said as she looked around, holding her sword high.

I looked around with an appreciative eye. The cavern we were in was large. The ceiling was easily one-hundred meters up and the walls were as wide as a parking garage. Snaking through the ceiling, walls and floor were veins of shining silver, sparkling in the magical light of Aqua's sword.

"I think we have a winner." I said idly, spinning in a slow circle to take in the space. This was the best location we'd scouted by far. We'd need to wait until Medea had time to lay her protections over it until we got started using it, but this was a successful trip. "Thanks for your help, Aqua."

She smiled. "Of course. Thanks for letting me join you. I enjoy these trips."

I opened my mouth to respond and a deep rumbling echoed through the cave around us.

"That's probably not good." I said, reaching into a Hole to retrieve my spear.

Aqua and I pressed our backs together as we looked around, searching for the source.

A second noise, louder this time. The ground shook beneath our feet.

"Up." I commanded. No sooner had Aqua and I rose into the air on our wings than a massive maw broke through the rock beneath us, yellowed teeth snapping after us as a wriggling monstrosity with sharp fangs and spines protruding out of a purple body rose into the cavern with us, thrashing about. I recognized the creature.

"Purple Worm. Don't let it bite you. Watch out for the tail. Hit it 'till it dies." I said quickly, already sending a cone of fire down into the creature.

The worm thrashed as my fire washed over it, wiggling its way back down towards the cavern floor. If it slipped back into the earth, it might not come back up so we could kill it. We'd then have to deal with the damn thing hiding in our mine. I needed to stop it from running away.

Aqua had drawn her sword. She, striking at the monster's flank, expertly slipping around its maw as it tried to retaliate against her.

I flew down towards where the worm had emerged from. I slammed the butt of my spear on the ground. A small shockwave emanated from me. The ground shook. Stone and dirt crumbled beneath me into a sinkhole, forming a deep pit.

The purple worm shrieked, its now revealed body flailing wildly. I stepped back into a Hole that transported me into the air above it to avoid a stab from its stinger. The worm coiled up like a snake rearing to strike.

Aqua leapt back as the worm's stinger shot towards her. She stabbed her rapier into the tail as it passed her, driving it deep and dragging it along, opening a gaping wound in the worm.

The creature bucked up and down, leaping free from Aqua's blade and coiling around itself. The head dove into the cavern floor, burrowing into the ground.

Fiery chains appeared in the air around me, sailing into Holes I summoned. Holes appeared around the creature. The chains flew out, wrapping around the worm, binding it in place as it tried to flee, its head still half-burrowed.

The tails swung wildly about until more chains wound around it, holding it still. The worm rose back into the cave, gnawing on one of the chains to try to free itself. Another Hole appeared above its head. I dropped through the Hole, driving my spear down into its head.

The worm convulsed under me, thrashing against my chains even as they wound tighter around it. On the ground, Aqua was carving up its side with her sword. I continued stabbing down with my spear as Aqua sliced it apart from the other end. The worm's struggles slowly grew weaker before it finally fell limp. I dispelled my chains and the carcass of the beast fell heavily to the cavern floor.

"Are you alright?" I asked, floating down next to Aqua.

She had a disgusted look on her face as she patted her armor down with glowing hands. The dark blood and slime covering her slowly evaporated into motes of magical light as she cleaned herself off. "I'm fine. It didn't hit me once."

"Sorry, I should have expected the caves may not all be empty. In the future, we'll bring a skeleton or two with us to act as bait."

Aqua waved me off as she sheathed her sword. "Don't worry about it, Balthazar. Watching Coal and Regulus spar so often has gotten me itching for a fight. That was enough to quell the urge for a while. What are we doing with the body?"

I frowned thoughtfully as I considered the corpse. After a moment's hesitation, I opened a large Hole beneath it, pulling it away. "Medea might find some use for it that I can't think of. If she doesn't want it, we can just burn it. We'll come back when she has time to set protections up here. Are you ready to go?"

At her nod, I opened another Hole connected to the one she'd locked open with her Keyblade before we left. Together, we strode through it.


X


We'd just about finished moving into the new building Serafall got us. There were still a few things we needed to bring over and a lot of empty space while we still lacked employees, but it was set up to the point we could work out of it now. Magdaran and I both took corner offices on the top floor with views of the city.

Latia split her time between my office and Magdaran's depending on which one of us was in the building at the time. She'd moved a second desk into each room where she penned letters that she submitted to us for screening before they were sent off to their various recipients. She was proving to be a big help. She hadn't tried to screw us over yet either, so that gave her major brownie points. I was still keeping an eye on her, and the protections Medea put on the building were always active, but I was starting to believe Latia was in it for the long haul. At the very least, she wanted us as favorable recommendations for whatever her future job might be.

I wasn't here for work today. It was a weekend, so no one was here for work. My sister had been asking for a tour of one of our shops, and I figured a new headquarters was as good of an excuse to see her as any. It had been a while since the two of us had time to chat.

She met me at the Abaddon Estate and I transported us from there. After showing her around all of the empty rooms and unused space, I brought her up to my office. The two of us sat down in swivel chairs and stared out the giant window overlooking the city.

"Pretty neat, huh?" I said.

"Pretty wasteful." Kuisha challenged. "You're not using half of the space here."

"True, but that'll change in time. We've already got our first devil hire. More will follow."

"So I heard. I was surprised Latia Astaroth had taken an interest in your venture."

"Relax, sis. I'm keeping an eye on her. She hasn't tried anything stupid yet."

"I was not insinuating that she had nefarious intentions, but it is wise you do not trust her blindly." She frowned at me. "But why go to her? If you needed help, why didn't you come to me?"

I spun in my chair to look at her. "What do you mean?"

"Your business is called Bael and Abaddon Trading. I would have thought you'd want to include me."

Was that hurt I detected in her voice? Did she think because I hadn't offered her a job I didn't want her around?

"I thought you were busy with being Sairaorg's Queen. I didn't know you wanted to be a part of this. Do you want to be a part of this?"

She pursed her lips. "I am not so busy that I wouldn't be able to help. Sairaorg has few affairs for me to manage. When we are not training, I spend most of my time maintaining the mansion."

"That's not a straight answer, Ku. My talents may be varied, but I'm not a mind reader. Do you want to be a part of the business?"

She huffed. "Yes, Bal," she said, sounding exasperated. "I thought you would approach me once you needed help, but you went to Latia first."

"Okay, first off, me not coming to you immediately when I need help doesn't mean I don't care about you. Second, Latia came to me. She practically threw her resume in my lap and Magdaran thought it would be a good idea to hear her out."

I frowned as my thoughts turned to Magdaran. "I'm completely willing to have you work here, I'd like it in fact, but Magdaran is a co-owner. I need to check with him first. You… There wouldn't be any issues with you working for him, right?" I was still well aware of my sister's long-term goals. She coveted Magdaran's heirship for Sairaorg. That goal could create issues in the workplace that I frankly didn't want to deal with.

"There will be no issue." Kuisha assured me. "It will be a good opportunity to build a rapport with him."

I considered her, surprised. "Does that mean your plans have changed?"

"The end result has not. But I now see a better path to achieving that result."

I felt a ping through the wards as someone entered the main door of the building. I started chuckling, drawing a confused frown from Kuisha.

"Speak of the devil. Magdaran just walked in."

She pursed her lips. "I have never actually met him."

"I can introduce you if you want? Just promise me you'll play nice. He's my friend." One of the very few I had.

"You don't need to worry about me starting trouble. Let's go greet him." Kuisha stood, and I followed. I led her through the halls to where I felt Magdaran walking through the wards.

When she'd layered the protections on this new building, Medea had given me the magical equivalent of administrator privileges. So long as I was within the bounds of the wards, I was essentially one with the building and could bring its defenses to bear with a thought. Tracking someone walking through the halls was trivial in comparison.

We met up with Magdaran as he was halfway to his office. He was looking down at a book in his hands, scribbling notes as he walked.

He started when he saw us, smiling as he realized it was me. "Bal! Good timing. I was just…" He realized I wasn't alone and turned to look at my sister. From the way he tensed up, I assumed he put together who she was.

"Magdaran, this is my sister Kuisha. She wanted to see the new building, so I was showing her around. Kuisha, Magdaran Bael, heir to the Bael Pillar."

Kuisha curtsied. "My lord,"

Magdaran's book snapped closed in his hand as he held a hand out. "Please don't do that. I… Um… I mean, it's good to meet you, Kuisha." He stiffly shook my sister's hand, looking rattled. I probably should have given him some warning before dropping his estranged brother's Queen on him. This was an awkward situation.

"So… Um… What do you think of the building?" Magdaran asked after a beat of silence.

"It is large. And empty. I was just talking to my brother. He told me you were looking for additional staff to help you run things. Is that true?"

"Yes. We just hired Latia, but we're still looking for more help."

"How fortuitous," Kuisha said with a warm smile. "I have been looking for some work to supplement my King's income. I would be able to help my brother transport your goods and am well accustomed to administrative work. Would you be amenable to looking over my resume?"

Magdaran stared at her for a solid five seconds without saying anything.

"Mag…?" I said, taking a step towards him.

He shook himself out of his stupor. "Oh, no. I mean, no, that would be great. Um…" He swallowed nervously. "Does Sai know you're… Is he okay with this?"

"I haven't asked him yet, but I'm sure he wouldn't have any problems with it. He has been telling me about your letters. He wanted to arrange a time to meet you for lunch in the near future. If you'd accept such a meeting, of course."

Magdaran inhaled sharply. "I'd… I'd like that. I'll send him a letter. Is he free next week? Somewhere public would probably be best. There's that pasta place we both like. I could…" He trailed off as if suddenly realizing Kuisha and I were still there. He scratched the back of his head. "Sorry. Welcome to the team, Kuisha. Bal can show you around. I need to… Forgive me, but I'll be in my office." He brushed past us, darting down the hall to his office.

Kuisha and I stood in the hall, staring off in the direction Magdaran had disappeared.

"That could have gone better." I said.

"I actually thought it went well. Considering this is the first true contact he has received from Sai. If nothing else, it shows me that I'm going about things the right way."

"To be clear, as much as I'd love to have you succeed in your ambitions, I'm not going to hurt Magdaran for you. I'm not going to be party to anything that hurts him either."

"You won't need to. After this brief introduction, I'm already confident nothing unsavory will need to be done."

"Good. Do you want to see the rest of the building?"

"Is it just as empty as everything else you showed me?"

"Pretty much."

"Then it can wait for later. I will be claiming an unused office on the top floor."

"Knock yourself out. The only ones that are actually being used right now are mine and Magdaran's. We can go over specific details about your future duties and contracts later when Caster is present."

"That sounds good. It's a pleasure to be a part of the family business."


X


A man with dark hair and soft, purple eyes sat in a velvet-cushioned chair, a tall wine glass idly swirling in his hand, sloshing the red liquid within about.

Zekram Bael was old. Very old. He had lived through more than most would ever experience, and he remained unbroken. He'd learned. He'd overcome.

The Great King had played this game the Underworld was so fond of for millenia. He'd stood atop all others for much of that time. The New Satans held sway in the wake of the Civil War they crushed their opposition in, but only a fool would believe Zekram to have been dethroned. No, he still held his own power. Favors owed, calculated influence, his own personal strength – Zekram was far from removed from the goings on of the Underworld.

There was little news he was not one of the first to hear. So many mouths reported to him as to be a sea of secrets. Things had been quiet for a time, but the sea was disturbed recently.

At first it was a small thing. The Abaddon boy, the bastard as Bedeze referred to him so viciously, had earned his place among the ranks of the Underworld's High Class devils, and at such a young age. Bedeze had grown into a great pawn of Zekram's, so the achievement of the young devil who shared his name had piqued Zekram's curiosity. He watched Balthazar's match against the reincarnated brute with a Twice Critical. Not much was gleaned from the brief encounter, but it stuck in Zekram's memory. He'd planned to potentially call on the boy in another decade or two and thought that would be the end of it.

Then there were more whispers.

Rumors of Balthazar Abaddon's rapid acquisition of a Queen Piece referred to only as 'Caster', an obvious alias if ever there was one. Little was known about the Queen. Zekram would admit to a small amount of curiosity, but the secret was ultimately beneath his notice. He had far more important things to focus his attention on.

Then the sea churned again.

A Pawn joined Balthazar's peerage. Again, almost nothing was known about him. What little information Zekram received had come from those agents he still had watching his disgraced descendant. Sairaorg had made great strides since entering his exile. It was one of the many reasons Zekram did not interfere with 'Lord' Bael's decision. Sairaorg did not inherit Zekram's Power of Destruction, but he had inherited Zekram's drive. Zekram watched him from afar, silently observing as Sairaorg gathered his peerage, struggled, grew. That was how he knew of Sairaorg's praise of Balthazar's new peerage member.

Sairaorg did not share much information, but Zekram had heard that Sairaorg said his Pawn regularly sparred with Balthazar's.

Few knew the identity of Sairaorg's Pawn. Sairaorg had been intentionally secretive of Regulus's identity as he should be after uncovering a treasure such as one of Heracles's labors. Regulus was a boon the likes of which normally went unseen in a lifetime. A servant worthy of Zekram's bloodline. All the more curious, then, that this beast of legend regularly 'sparred' with Balthazar Abaddon's Pawn.

Upon hearing that, Balthazar Abaddon finally had Zekram's notice. He had changed from a mere fascination to a legitimate inquiry. Zekram devoted some of his assets to keeping tabs on the young devil. Nothing overt. Balthazar still did not warrant his full focus, but he had become more than a passing curiosity.

Zekram was one of the first to learn of Balthazar's visit to Serafall Leviathan's office. He did not know the particulars of the meeting, but the after effects were clear enough to even those who had never heard his name. The youngest Baron in history, a self-made devil from an ancient bloodline that was slowly rebuilding his once great house. It was all people talked about in Zekram's circles for an annoyingly long time. They all missed the most important pieces of Balthazar's rise, pieces Zekram did not see fit to share with them.

Balthazar found a Knight next. Once more, little was known about her. It would be frustrating to a lesser man, but Zekram merely found it endearing. Finally, here was a devil who knew the advantage of keeping their mouth shut. So many devils born in recent years boasted on and on about their power and the strengths of their underlings as if it would grant them favor. All it accomplished was informing their enemies, both seen and unseen, of their capabilities. Despite his efforts, meager though they were, Zekram knew little about Balthazar's personal strength or the abilities of those he'd chosen to serve him. If, in the future, Zekram learned that Balthazar had hidden great strength belonging to both himself and his underlings, Zekram would come to respect the young devil, if only a little.

Then came the news that caused the ocean to upheave, sending tsunamis throughout the Underworld and beyond; a mithril mine.

Zekram had not believed it at first. It was too fantastical, too impossible. Any faction with access to such would guard it more zealously than the angels hoarded holy relics.

Zekram picked up the small dagger resting on a table at his side, spinning the hilt in his hand, watching the shining silver blade catch the light of the fire before him.

People suspected Zekram of controlling this mine. Magdaran, his Pillar's current heir, was in business with Balthazar, even going so far as to have his name first in the company's name. Bael and Abbadon Trading Co. It was always gratifying to see one's influence grow without lifting a finger to see it done.

Still, it caused Zekram problems. Even some members of his more inner circle now suspected he was hoarding mithral for himself, unwilling to share it with his allies. It would make sense that the discovery would be attributed to him. Unfortunate though it was, Zekram did not control this priceless resource, and he knew Magdaran did not hold the key. The boy had spent more and more time in his greenhouses of late. If things continued as they had, Magdaran would not be fit to inherit the Bael Pillar. Almost as unworthy as his father had been.

But that was a separate matter. For now, Magdaran had somehow embedded himself perfectly into Balthazar's operation. Zekram saw no reason to interfere. Magdaran could build a rapport with Balthazar and perhaps grow into his future role at the same time. Zekram didn't need to do anything but watch and wait.

Until things changed.

Serafall Leviathan had once more stepped into the equation. Evidently, whatever business she'd done with Balthazar had shown her something, something she wanted firmly under her power. Gifting Balthazar and Magdaran a building across the street from her seat of power was a statement Zekram could not allow to go unanswered.

Balthazar somehow controlled a mithril mine through unknown means. Serafall Leviathan was actively moving to secure Balthazar for herself, likely holding information that Zekram lacked. By exerting influence over Balthazar and the company, she also exerted influence over his heir and therefore his Pillar. She would attempt to steer Magdaran as she attempted to steer Balthazar.

This was unacceptable.

"You summoned me, my lord?"

Zekram did not turn to face the new arrival in the room. He set the dagger back down on the table. "Your nephew has made waves, Bedeze."

The blond man scoffed, adjusting his well-tailored suit. "The bastard is using my name to increase his lot. The house I left him and his sister was evidently not enough to satisfy the ungrateful brat."

Zekram fixed Bedeze with a glare, causing the other devil to flinch. "Whatever your personal feelings about the boy are, put them aside. The New Satans are working to bring him under their power. That will not happen. Get him in line. I don't care how it is done, but I would prefer a soft approach."

Bedeze smiled, conniving. "I'll start with soft."

Zekram made a dismissive gesture and Bedeze left with a parting bow.

Zekram was no fool. He could surmise just how 'soft' Bedeze's approach would be. So long as it alienated Balthazar from the New Satans his aim would be achieved. If he was fortunate, it would accomplish multiple goals at once. Zekram wanted to learn more of what Balthazar had kept hidden, perhaps even the secret to the mithral mine. If Bedeze applied enough pressure, such secrets may be forced to come to light. Beyond that, Zekram hoped for more.

The Great King took a sip of his wine.

Different people painted Zekram's machinations and goals as self-serving. None of them were wrong, but they were not fully correct in their estimation of him. Zekram ensured the power and prominence of the Baels because he firmly believed in devil superiority. The Baels were the strongest of the devils, so it was only right that they lead the rest to their place at the pinnacle. But no house could rise alone. Vassals and servants were needed, capable devils in their own right who would push their race to new heights.

Balthazar Abaddon showed promise. A pureblood descendant of a near-extinct family that was once powerful. A youth who already exhibited great strength. A man who pulled a powerful source of wealth from behind a curtain no one had even seen. Yes, Balthazar showed potential.

Bedeze would move against his nephew. Balthazar would either be tempered by the approaching storm or he would shatter and Bedeze would deliver what was once Balthazar's to Zekram's feet. Either way, Zekram's aims would be achieved.

Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: Jan 25, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, Norego and 1,792 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 14
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Feb 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,895
Medea and I hovered in the air, observing the ground below us. Purple skeletons moved in coordinated groups, ferrying bricks and beams about. Coal and Aqua were at Sairaorg's place hanging out with Regulus and Shang Tsung was working through the exercises Medea gave him, giving the two of us some time with just each other. I'd asked Medea what she wanted to do and she'd brought me here, to the sight of our future home.

The foundations for my castle had been set. Construction on the basic structure had begun. It looked very different from the designs I'd originally given to Medea, far larger with a more grand style than the simple keep-like look I'd originally wanted. I wasn't put out by Medea's contributions though. She was the one building the place. If she was willing to spend even longer working on it to make it larger and more suited to her architectural tastes, then she was more than welcome to.

"And I'm going to put a second tower there." Medea said, pointing to a circular foundation on the western side of the burgeoning structure. She was explaining her plans for the structure with a happy smile on her face. "I only really need one, but if my apprentice ever realizes his potential he will need his own space to work where he will not be in my way. This is in addition to the shared laboratory you and I will have on the top level."

"Staffing this place is going to be difficult." I said, making a rough estimate of the approximate, titanic size of the castle Medea had designed.

"The skeletons will suffice."

"For cleaning and serving, yes, but that isn't all we'll need. The skeletons can't think. Do they know how to cook?"

Medea frowned. "They can follow simple instructions, but I cannot imagine anything they made would be enjoyable."

"So we'll need cooks at the very least. Probably a butler or the equivalent of one as well to coordinate the skeletons and the cooking staff. Plus anyone else we'll think of later once the place is fully built. We've got time though. Getting to that point will take a while."

"It may progress faster than you might think, master. I was able to enchant a number of my Dragon Tooth Warriors to produce materials to my specifications. Even now, I am overseeing them through a familiar while they work. The production of construction materials will now be rapid. My apprentice and I are also making progress with my golem idea."

I raised an eyebrow. Medea had approached me a while ago about using metals pulled from our mines to create powerful magical constructs to serve as both servants and guardians. Adamantium and Mithral golems would be a powerful force to be reckoned with, be they for combat or more mundane purposes. The skeletons were simple to make and easy to mass-produce, but they would be taken apart by any supernatural foe. A well-made adamantine golem was an entirely separate matter. I'd given Medea every material she asked for to try to help her progress along.

"What kind of progress?"

"We've created a simple prototype that functions as intended. It is now only a matter of experimentation to alter the process to create constructs to suit our needs."

"Well done, Medea. You just gave us the tools to raise an army if we wanted."

"A Baron can't be without his military."

"I need to get you something nice for everything you're doing for me. What is your desire, my Queen?"

"A castle." Medea said, grinning at me. "You just let me build our castle however I want and I'll be happy, honey."

"Far be it from me to interfere."

"Speaking of gifts, that reminds me." A teleportation circle expanded out from her encompassing me. A few moments later, we vanished in a flash of light.

Medea's wings vanished as she walked forward. She'd brought us to our lab in the basement of the manor. "I have not had as much time as I would have liked to work on this so it took longer than I'd hoped, but it is finally done."

Curious, I followed her around the corner. I stopped at the threshold of the room, staring wide-eyed. In the center of the room a glowing white magic circle had been etched into the floor. Smaller, joined circles sat around its perimeter. There were three, arranged in a triangle. Each smaller circle held an item floating suspended in the air above them.

The first was a staff of dark wood with veins of silver metal flowing up its length to where a blood-red gem was affixed to the top.

Next was a black glaive. Violet light emanated from the weapon and seemed to pulse.

The third was a silver spear. Intricate red designs snaked up the spear's haft to a wickedly sharp point.

In the center of the larger circle and the triangle a set of armor floated. It was ruby-red with black accents. Above the armor a familiar helmet floated. Still cracked from where Rule Breaker had pierced it, the inert form of Perfected State hovered in the air above the armor.

I wasn't a magical craftsman, but I'd seen the work Medea had put into Aqua's armor and could feel enchantments when they were powerful enough. Every item suspended above the circle was powerful. Far beyond the meager trinkets that we'd been selling to the Underworld. No, these were items that had been made to the best of their maker's ability.

"Medea… What is this?" I asked. I had no idea what was going on here. I hadn't even known she'd set up…whatever this was. I'd been spending a lot of time out of the house recently, so she'd evidently set it up when I was out.

"One moment please, master." A shadowy, translucent crow coalesced from the shadow cast by her hood. A screeching caw escaped the spectral bird's beak as it flew past me up the stairs. "Forgive the subterfuge, but we wanted it to be a surprise."

The air behind Medea shifted and warped. A dark void similar in appearance to one of my Holes appeared before shaping itself into a medieval keyhole. Three figures emerged from the keyhole.

"Surprise!" Aqua said, dramatically throwing her hands wide. Coal had a big stupid grin on his face. Shang Tsung held his chin high, but his expression was less sharp than usual.

"Okay, now I'm really confused." I said, looking between them.

"Despite my efforts, I found that I alone was insufficient to do what I was attempting with that frustrating helmet." Medea said, sending an irritated glare towards Perfected State where it floated in the circle. "I could have figured out how to do what we are about to achieve on my own, but it would have taken a long time. With the castle, my apprentice, movie nights; I didn't want to spend my time on this when there were other avenues of achieving the same result."

"You still haven't told me what this is." I said pointedly, but without heat. Whatever it was my peerage had surprised me with, something told me I'd like it.

"A thank you gift." Medea said simply.

"Medea, you don't have to thank me for–"

"You saved my life, Balthazar." Medea cut me off, expression deadly serious. She rarely used my name in front of others,causing me to pause. "Aside from the obvious reincarnation and keeping me from disappearing into nothing in the mud, you've given me a life. I have good food. I have good company. I am free to explore and experiment to my heart's desire. And I found you. That is worth a thank you gift, insufficient though it is."

"Medea…"

Aqua raised her hand, shooting an apologetic glance at Medea. The witch just smiled encouragingly at her.

"The same can be said for me, Balthazar," Aqua said. "I… I was going insane. Legitimately insane. I'd forgotten what reality was and couldn't sort out what was going on in my own head. I'd still be trapped there if it weren't for you." When she stopped talking, she looked pointedly at Coal.

Coal chuckled. "You already know what you did for me, master. No need to waste time saying it again."

I looked at Shang Tsung next.

He chuckled. "I had no part in this. It was nearly complete when you reincarnated me." He flinched when he saw the glare Medea was sending at him. "Of course, I am appreciative that you chose to bring me into your service. You have kept to your word, as I will to mine."

"That was really touching, and I do appreciate it, guys, but I still don't know what we're doing here." I said.

Medea grinned, eyes shining in the magical light illuminating the space. "We are making a new Sacred Gear, the first ever created for a pure-blooded devil. Sairaorg may have acquired his own, but Regulus's Axe was not made for him."

Shocked into silence at her words, I slowly looked around at the items floating around the circle. She was making a new Sacred Gear? They were making me a Sacred Gear? That was…a lot. I knew for a fact Azazel had been trying to crack the Sacred Gear system for literal thousands of years and was only just starting to make progress. Medea was telling me she'd done it in just under a year, albeit with help from Aqua. This was absurd, something I'd never have expected. But it would be so rude of me to say no when they'd gone to the trouble of setting all of this up. And getting my own, personally-made Sacred Gear? I was one-hundred percent okay with that. "What… What exactly are you making? Which one of these will be the Sacred Gear?"

"They all will." Medea said. "I could have attempted to replicate some of the more esoteric abilities of certain Sacred Gears I have researched, but that seemed like a waste. I can teach you how to accomplish most of what those items accomplish with magic, and your existing abilities already put most of them to shame. I thought, 'What is the greatest way to help you?'. The answer was obvious, you needed a weapon. Protection would be welcome as well."

Coal smirked as he walked up to the magical circle, staring at the armor floating in the center. "That nun I told you about that once held Perfected State? She unlocked a neat Balance Breaker with it. That's what let her heal other people. You won't have the same healing ability she did because my soul isn't bound to it anymore, but the Balance Breaker should still function once Medea and Aqua do their work. Whenever the nun would use the Balance Breaker, the helmet would wreathe her in robes similar to her benedictine habit. The robes could also change into armor to protect her. I described 'em to Medea and she did a pretty good job of recreating the general aesthetic, with some color changes and making it more tailored to a male that is."

"I am not so much creating a new Sacred Gear as I am repurposing and reforging Perfected State to better suit you." Medea continued. "I am binding the other items into the inert Sacred Gear to create a new effect while simultaneously strengthening it. As a result, the Sacred Gear will be bound to you with the Balance Breaker's armor already unlocked. The Sacred Gear itself will be the weapons around the circle. The ritual will bind the weapons together, melding them into one. Each of them was created to be as powerful as I could make them. You will be able to change the Scared Gear between the three given forms at will – a staff, a spear, and a glaive. I originally intended to give you more options, but 3 is a powerful number. It will make the Sacred Gear stronger. You will be able to make up for the lack of versatility easily enough by carrying other weapons in your pocket dimensions."

"How do we do this?" I asked.

"You step into the circle and give me access to the pocket dimension where you store your power. I will need to use a large amount of it to bind the Sacred Gear to you. Sacred Gears were originally made for humans, but with Perfected State's persisting magic, your power and Aqua's help, I will be able to bind it fully to your demonic soul. It will be bound to you and you alone, unlike other Sacred Gears that seek new owners when their current host perishes. It will be yours for eternity, remaining attached to your soul instead of seeking out another host. It will be a part of you, growing in strength as you do, empowering you even as you empower it."

A small Hole opened up in front of Medea at my will, giving her access to my stored power. "So I step into the circle? Is there anything else we need to prepare first?"

"No. We are ready." Medea said, already drawing a tendril of red demonic power from the Hole.

"Thank you. This is… I didn't expect this." I said, not knowing what else I could say to show my appreciation. This was a great gift.

"Quit keeping us waiting already. Get in the circle." Coal said, laughing.

I stepped into the circle. The white magical lines turned ruby red as I entered. I stepped up next to the floating armor, looking it over and trying to imagine how I would look wearing it. Would Perfected State still be the helmet?

"Aqua, prepare yourself." Medea said, pulling at the power I'd given her access to and pulling it out in blankets of volatile energy. She stood at the point of the triangle where the spear floated.

Aqua walked up to the circle and gave me a small wave. Her Keyblade appeared in her hand and she stabbed it forward. A beam of gold energy shot forward into Perfected State. Aqua twisted her Keyblade and there was a sound like a deadbolt unlocking.

Medea knelt, slamming her hands into the ground at the edge of the circle. Demonic power flowed from my pocket dimension through her and into the circle beneath my feet. The red glow in the room steadily increased, shining like a trapped star. The staff and glaive floated along the lines connecting them to the spear. The three weapons slowly melded together, letting off immense energy.

Medea stood, arms raised. She pushed forward with one, pulled back with the other. The melded weapons floated forward towards me. I felt the armor press into me from behind as I grasped the haft of the weapon.

Aqua aimed her Keyblade at me. Another beam of energy lanced out of her Keyblade into my chest. She twisted the blade and I felt something lock inside me.

The magic circle beneath me vanished. The room fell into darkness until the enchanted lanterns began to glow once more. Everyone was looking at me

I was staring down at the spear in my hand. I could feel it humming with power. It felt like an extension of myself. With a thought, the spear shifted into the form of the staff. The staff shifted to a glaive. The glaive shifted back to the spear.

I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. When I opened them I was wearing a set of red-black armor.

Medea had an amused smile on her face. She waved her hand and a mirror appeared in front of her, letting me look at my appearance. The armor fit my form closely. There were no bulky plates or pauldrons. It felt like a flexible dragonhide more than metal. If I had to guess, Medea had made it almost entirely out of mithril due to the lack of weight and how it fit me so comfortably. The helmet wasn't Perfected State, but I could see a resemblance. Whatever Aqua and Medea had done to bind it to me had changed it slightly, but there was still a reminiscent look of it.

The colors had changed as well. The red had been replaced by gold. Gold and black melded seamlessly together around me. The contrasting shine and darkness made for a striking look.

"Do you like it?" Medea asked, sounding very pleased with herself.

The spear vanished from my hands. I walked forward and pulled her against my armored form. "I love it." My helmet vanished as I leaned down to kiss her. She wound her arms around me and held me against her.

When we parted, I placed a quick kiss on her forehead before looking around the room. "Thank you."

Coal gave me a thumbs up. Shang Tsung merely nodded.

Aqua had a slight blush on her cheeks as she said, "I'm glad you like it. Medea did most of the work. All I did was unlock some stuff for her while she was working."

"She is being humble." Medea said. "Her power allowed me to do things that should be impossible."

Aqua shook her head. "I just did what you told me. It really wasn't all that much trouble."

"It still sounds to me like you helped, so thank you." I said. I turned back to Medea, grinning. "As for you…" A Hole opened behind her. "I think you deserve a…"

I trailed off. Medea's excited smile had morphed into a furious, near enraged glare.

"Bedeze Abaddon has just arrived in our lands and is approaching the Castle's construction site." she said.

My eyes narrowed. "Coal, Aqua, Shang Tsung, stay here and guard the manor. I don't know what he's doing here but be ready to fight."

My armor vanished. Like my spear, I could feel it, waiting for me to call it back, but I didn't want Bedeze to know about my peerage's gift. I didn't want him to know about anything. The fact that he was apparently looking at my castle was already pissing me off.

Why was he even here? I'd thought Kuisha and I were beneath his notice. The last time I'd seen him he'd seemed irritated with my very existence before disappearing to never be seen again. Until today apparently.

The Hole behind Medea changed destinations and we walked through it.

My wings shot out to hold me aloft as Medea and I floated above the construction of our castle. A short distance away from where the skeletons were hauling brick was a blond devil dressed in a white suit, inspecting the construction as he walked towards it. Another Hole transported us directly into his path. He looked up as we appeared, frowning minutely before his expression changed into a wide smile.

"Nephew! How good to see you again. I love what you're doing with the place."

"Bedeze," I greeted coldly. "Why are you here?" I did not want this man here. I'd met him all of once before and it hadn't been a pleasant encounter. Now I was making waves in the Underworld and he shows up unannounced? Even a fool could see his angle.

He frowned, adjusting the cuffs on his jacket. "Do I need a reason to visit my family, nephew? Bastard or not, it is my brother's blood in your veins. I came to check in on you and to see how my holdings have fared in my absence."

Oh hell no. This guy did not get to walk into my life out of nowhere and sweep up everything I'd built for himself. I would not allow this, but it would be better if I could get him to leave amicably. He had powerful backers that I would rather avoid pissing off. But if push came to shove…

"My holdings have fared well." I said, holding his gaze challengingly. I was delighted by the way his grin twitched into a sneer. "Thank you for your concern. If you would like to discuss this further, I would be amenable to meeting with you at a later date. Is there a time that would suit you?"

"Now suits me just fine, nephew." he said pointedly, walking forward. "One should make time for the elders of their house when they are called upon."

"You'll forgive me if such customs are unknown to me. I wouldn't have known what with the only one who could have taught me never so much as sending a letter."

Bedeze laughed. "Oh, please. A handful of decade's absence is hardly notable. I had important matters to attend to, carrying our name to the heights it deserves. With my success in the Rating Games, the Abaddon name once more knows the respect it is due, a fact that, without my approval, you have taken advantage of to sell your trinkets. But I am a gracious uncle. I will forgive you."

"I fail to see how consistently failing to surpass Diehauser Beliel has done anything to elevate the Abaddon name. Your failures are yours alone. My achievements reflect on my house. Now, you are trespassing on my lands, uncle. But I am a gracious nephew. Leave and I will forgive this dalliance. We can set up a date to meet later when we've–"

"The arrogance."

I narrowed my eyes at the man. He'd dropped his pleasant pretense, openly glaring at me with disdain.

"It's your fault your father is dead, you know? You bastard. Had he not fallen in with that dandy he would still be here."

I didn't know what happened to my parents. Kuisha didn't either. Were she here, she would probably press for more information because Bedeze was talking as if he did know what happened to them. I wasn't Kuisha. Call me cold, but those people that died weren't my parents. I never knew them and I had memories from a previous life to help me raise myself. The only thing that mattered to me was the asshole in front of me walking around my home like he owned the place.

"It's time for you to leave, Bedeze. If you would like to meet again, I will schedule a–"

"No, I have left you alone for too long, I think. I was gracious enough to allow you to live on my family's lands, but I am seeing now that was a mistake. We could not even have a simple conversation before you attempted to remove me from the land that is rightfully mine. Were it not for my generosity, you and your sister would have grown up in slums. And you repay me by attempting to banish me from my own home?"

"This is not your home anymore if it ever was to begin with. I am the Baron of these lands, and as such, I dictate who is allowed within the borders of my territory. You are not."

Bedeze sniffed. "I had hoped to settle things between us amicably, to guide you into the correct future as a good uncle should. Instead, it appears I will have to discipline you. You seem to have the mistaken impression that you need not comply with my demands. You do not seem to know your place in our family's hierarchy. Growing up without your parents there to teach what was proper was clearly harmful to your development. I will correct this malady."

Bedeze's wings appeared as he slowly rose into the air. His hands hung at his sides, two small Holes crackling with demonic power appearing in his palms. "Do try to take this lesson to heart, dear nephew." He slowly raised his arms.

Medea thrust a hand forward before Bedeze completed his movement. A spell circle with an hourglass pictured on its face appeared before her palm. The field before us was bathed in light as the foundations of the castle behind us glowed with frightening power.

Bedeze froze. His eyes shot wide in surprise. His muscles tensed. He did not move an inch. There was a faint green shimmer in the air around him.

"Master, what should I do with him?" Medea asked coldly, her eyes boring into the trapped form of my estranged uncle.

"We should…" I opened a Hole around Medea and I, pulling us away as Bedeze's Hole detonated right behind us. A thunderous boom shook the air as the power released by Bedeze's attack cratered the ground where we'd been standing. Like me, he didn't have to move to open a Hole.

Medea growled in frustration. The spell circle she'd been holding had shattered when I moved us. We were both high in the air now, our wings holding us aloft as we stared down at Bedeze.

My uncle was no longer trapped by Medea's spell, but even still he did not move. He stared up at us, consideringly. His eyes narrowed. "This is not over, Balthazar. You could have shared in our family's success at my side. I will take what is rightfully mine." A Hole opened around him, whisking him away.

Immediately, I summoned a Hole in my hand. "Coal, Bedeze disappeared through a Hole. Is he at the manor?"

"No, master." Coal responded through the Hole in my hand. "Since you're calling, I guess that means he wasn't here to catch up?"

"If he shows his face, chew it off." I ordered, closing the Hole.

In the air beside me, Medea was fuming. "Our lands are too large to cover them all with wards. I have prioritized areas where our holdings are and where we spend time, trusting my familiars to find all other problems. Teleportation is restricted within our lands, but I have not seen a need to account for Hole. I will remedy this immediately. Bedeze will not be able to infiltrate our lands again."

"It's clear he's after what we've built, but how is he planning to take it?" I thought out loud. "His first play was to bully me into compliance. That failed. What will he do now?"

Medea's lips thinned into a line. "He cannot defeat us here where we hold the power. I have just demonstrated that I can overcome him when I am prepared. He will now try to select a battlefield where he has the advantage."

"You think he'll aim for a political play?"

"It is possible, but I am not so optimistic as to think this will end without bloodshed. I've wounded his pride. He will try to draw us into a fight, one where he has the advantage."

"A Rating Game." I'd watched some of Bedeze's matches when I was younger to try to find inspiration for other ways to use Hole. I stopped very soon after starting when I realized Bedeze had the imagination of a particularly dense rock, but I still remembered a lot of what I'd seen.

Pompous prick though he was, Bedeze was ranked third in the Underworld's Rating Games for a reason. He had a large amount of raw power that he threw around to destroy his competition. He would fill up a Hole with energy and then detonate it directly on top of his opponent before they could react. He could open a Hole near-instantly and its destination could be directly against someone's head. There weren't a lot of ways to defend against something like that unless you had powerful wards or the exact same ability. Even then, the raw power he put into his attacks would still be enough to break through most defenses.

But it wasn't hopeless. Powerful though he was, his strength wasn't trained, rather untamed and raw.
Thanks to my previous life's memories, I knew that power wasn't his own, but a byproduct of the King Piece in his chest. I wasn't too sure of the details surrounding the piece, only that the Great King faction gave it to Bedeze and a few others after convincing the Satans to turn it over. He relied heavily on both the King PIece's power and Hole. His overreliance on Hole was one of the main motivators for me to branch out into other disciplines. Without Hole, he couldn't fight effectively. That was why he always lost against Diehauser Beliel. The moment Hole was sealed away from him by the Beliel's Worthless power, Bedeze always surrendered.

Bedeze certainly had weaknesses, but that didn't mean he was weak. Far from it. The bombs he created with Hole could pack enough punch to level a building with just a moment spent channeling them, nevermind what he could do when he pushed more power into them. There was a reason he over relied on the technique, it had proven effective. Combine that with The King Piece massively magnifying his strength, and that wasn't even considering his peerage.

He had a full peerage with an assortment of powerful individuals from various backgrounds. Different pantheons and creatures were represented. He even had a Sacred Gear User, albeit a weaker one. I was confident in the quality of my peerage, but I wasn't sure if we could match his quantity.

I'd lament the fact that Medea hadn't immediately killed him if that wouldn't have put us in an arguably worse position. Devils murdering each other out of the blue was not a good look, even with our proclivity for sin. I needed to deal with Bedeze decisively. If he brought our issues out into the open and showed himself as the clear aggressor, I'd be able to avoid the poor optics from killing him as justified defense of my name and house, but it might suit me better to leave him alive, shamed and forever disgraced to serve as an example to anyone who thought to come after me in the future. I already had some ideas in that vein, provided I could pull them off effectively.

"Yes," Medea agreed with my summation. "A Rating Game is likely his end goal."

"I can just refuse to participate for now. We're not in a position to fight Bedeze and his peerage. We stop all sales and focus on shoring up our defenses until we're forced into a confrontation."

"He may have expected things to go this way. He will have a plan in place to force our hand."

"Then we buy what time we can and meet him head on. I would've preferred to keep our hand hidden a while longer, but it was inevitable someone would eventually try something." My eyes narrowed as I glared at the space Bedeze fled through. "My 'uncle' has just volunteered to serve as a example of why you shouldn't fuck with us."
Last edited: Feb 14, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, Norego and 2,003 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Feb 1, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 15
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Feb 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,006
Bedeze was a problem. He wanted what I'd built and had made a very ham-fisted attempt to attain it. Success to the degree I'd achieved inevitably drew others looking to claim it for themselves. He was the first, but he wouldn't be the last. Unless I wanted others to follow in his footsteps, attempting to strong-arm me, I needed to make a clear statement with him, and I needed to do it myself.

With that said, I'd recently had a conversation with my sister about keeping those I cared about in the loop about what was going on in my life. For that reason, and to explain why Medea would not be supplying any product for us in the foreseeable future, I'd come to my office building shortly after issuing orders to my peerage members, asking Kuisha and Magdaran to meet me in the large meeting room we'd set up in our office.

Latia was in the office when I arrived, so I'd invited her inside as well. Bedeze's pressure might spook her and make her run. He wasn't the most influential devil in the Underworld, but he was firmly above Latia on the social hierarchy due to his strength and connections. I didn't know if she would want to be in a position that made her his enemy. If she decided to leave, I'd rather it happen sooner than later. I valued loyalty more than ability. She didn't know I had plans to deal with Bedeze, so perhaps I'd be judging her unfairly, but it was what it was.

Medea sat at my side, Magdaran, Kuisha and Latia seated around the same circular table. My Queen refused to allow me to leave without her. I couldn't refute her argument that Bedeze might try something again, so I hadn't put up much resistance to letting her accompany me. In the room around us, skeletons carried snacks and drinks to each of us.

The rest of my peerage was absent. They were all carrying out my orders to prepare for our coming confrontation with Bedeze. Aqua was on an exhibition that would hopefully set up something I could use later. Coal was guarding the manor to ensure Shang Tsung wasn't disturbed while Shang Tsung himself worked on a couple projects. I wasn't sure if my newest Pawn would be ready in time, but he'd assured me he would do his best.

"What's wrong, Bal?" Kuisha spoke first, eyes narrowed as she studied me.

"It was that easy to tell, huh?" I asked.

"I practically raised you, Bal. Now tell me what's wrong."

Her words made the others focus on me. Magdaran no longer played with the seed in his hands and Latia sat up straighter, looking between Medea and I.

"I'll just come out with it then. Bedeze Abaddon trespassed on my lands recently. He all but explicitly stated he would be coming to take everything I'd built and to lead our house as the 'true' Lord Abaddon. After some exchanged words and pleasantries, he fled." I briefly summed up our encounter with Bedeze. "We are expecting him to make further moves against us in the near future. This has the potential to create problems for the three of you, so I thought it was only fair to warn you. In addition, all products we have been supplying will halt as we deal with this."

There was a flicker of unrestrained demonic power that lanced away from Kuisha before it was quickly snuffed out. My sister looked furious, slowly and deliberately taking a deep breath. "That bastard has some nerve. He ignores every request I ever sent him for aid only to resurface when we're finally standing on our own two feet?" She paled, her fury momentarily forgotten. "Bal, if he tries to force you into a Rating Game…"

"He can't really force me into one. I can just refuse any challenge he sends my way, but I won't. Once I have made preparations, I'll be meeting him head on."

Magdaran had a frown on his face. "Is that wise? I have seen many of his matches. Not to discredit your abilities, Bal, but…"

"We have determined that this is the simplest solution." Medea said. "We are preparing. Once we are ready, we will face him."

"No," Kuisha said. "Do not fight him, Bal. You can't win. Coal won't be enough for you to beat his peerage."

"It's quite rude to dismiss someone sitting in front of you as inconsequential." Medea said, frowning as she stared at my sister.

"Let's calm down for a second." Magdaran said, cutting in before anything else could be said. "There might be another way out of this. Bal, Bedeze is a…acquaintance of my ancestor. I can talk to him and see if we can sort this out."

I smiled. "Thank you for the offer, Magdaran, but I doubt it would change much. I'd be grateful if you spoke to your ancestor to help smooth things over, but fighting Bedeze is inevitable." Even if it weren't, someone else would come along. Bedeze was the first. He wouldn't be the last. I'd use him as a demonstration to show why you shouldn't come after me.

"Do you really think you can beat him?" Latia said, a complicated expression on her face.

"We have some tricks up our sleeve." I answered non committedly.

"Tricks won't help you against our uncle." Kuisha said coldly. "Your peerage can't beat his. Discounting that, you can't beat him, Bal. You're strong, stronger than I expected. But he is old and powerful. We need to think of another way."

I shook my head. "While I appreciate the willingness to help, I didn't call this meeting to go over ideas for how to sort this out. I already know what I'm going to do. I just wanted to let you all know what was going on and let you know why we won't be making any money for a while."

Magdaran sighed. "I don't think it's a good idea, Bal. But I'm going to let it drop for now. I'll talk to my ancestor and my father, see if there's anything I can do or learn that might help. If you need anything, let me know."

"I appreciate that." I said, nodding at my friend.

"Balthazar, this is not a good idea." Kuisha said, eyes narrowed. "You're playing right into his hands. You have no experience in Rating Games. He is ranked third in the entire Underworld. With the exception of Coal, your peerage doesn't have any fighting experience."

"You're wrong." Medea said, voice sharp. "And this is not a discussion. My master has made his decision."

Kuisha glared at Medea. "And as his Queen, it is your responsibility to highlight the foolishness of his decision."

I rubbed my forehead. "Kuisha, I don't want to fight about this. It's not likely to happen any time soon, so you'll have plenty of chances to convince me not to go through with this. For now, I still need to talk to someone else about this whole thing.

"I can tell Sairaorg myself."

"That wasn't who I was referring to, but I'd appreciate it if you did." I pushed back from the table and stood. Medea rose with me. "Thanks for hearing me out. Sorry we have to shut down operations for a bit, but needs must. I'll see you all later."

"Bal, wai–"

A Hole pulled Medea and I away before Kuisha could stop us.

We hadn't gone far. Just across the street. Medea and I stood before the door to a large, official building.

I pulled my brand new phone out of my pocket and smiled. "This'll be the first call I make with this thing."

"It will certainly be a memorable one." Medea said, a smile tugging at her lips.

I punched in a number and held the phone up to my ear.

The phone was answered after two short rings. "Who is this and how did you get this number?" a suspicious voice demanded.

"It's Balthazar Abaddon. You gave it to me."

"Oh!" The voice suddenly turned warm and welcoming. "Hey, barbel! How's it going?"

I stared at the door in front of me, tilting my head in confusion. "Did you just call me barbel?"

"That's your new nickname! You're a baron. Your name is Balthazar. Take the front of both of those and you get barbel!"

"But…you actually don't?"

"Barbal isn't as fun to say. And barbel is close enough anyway. So what's up?"

I pinched the bridge of my nose. I had been expecting a modicum of decorum and professionalism when I called her. Evidently, it was a false hope. "I'm outside your office right now. I wanted to talk to you about something."

"We can't talk over the phone?"

"My uncle showed up at my house and attacked me."

There was silence on the other end.

"Um… Hello?"

The line went dead.

I held the phone in front of me and stared at it as the number disconnected.

"Did she hang up on you?" Medea asked.

"I think she did."

The door in front of us was thrown open.

Standing in the doorway wearing a professional suit and white shirt with the top button undone was Satan herself.

"Come up to my office." Serafall Leviathan ordered, eyes serious.


X


Serafall paced in front of her desk, hand gripping her chin. Medea and I were sitting a short distance away on a couch that wasn't here the last time I'd been in her office.

"You're sure he was trying to hit you with the explosion?" Serafall asked.

"He would have hit us if I hadn't moved us." I said.

"Okay. It's good you brought this to me. I'll deal with Bedeze and–"

"Respectfully, I'm planning to handle this myself. I would like some help though."

Serafall narrowed her eyes at me. "Bedeze is incompetent in anything that doesn't involve fighting. If he were the one pulling mithril out of his ass, he'd have sold it before now. Put those two things together and I know that you are the one finding those materials and he's trying to muscle his way in which could really screw things up. You're too important for me to let you come to blows with someone significantly stronger than you just because he wounded your pride."

"Pride is part of it, but it's a very minor part. If you scare him off, all that does is show everyone that I'm important enough to have a Satan fighting my battles for me. At some point, you will be preoccupied and someone else will try something. I need to deal with this personally. It'll let me show that not only do I have a Satan's backing, but that I am not someone to be taken lightly."

Serafall raised an eyebrow. "People have already tried to come after you. I've dealt with them. I'll deal with the rest."

"And when you can't?" Medea said, looking the Satan in the eye. "Your support is welcome and we are grateful for it, but we need to be able to stand on our own."

"You can stand on your own against someone else." Serafall said. "What exactly is your plan? Smack him in the face with a glove and throw it down in the middle of the street? Bitch though he may be, Bedeze is strong. I don't know if you can beat him, barbel."

"I'm expecting him to take care of the challenge himself." I said. "He ran when we fought him where we were strongest. He'll fall back to what he is comfortable with, somewhere he is confident in his strength."

"A Rating Game." Serafall surmised. She shook her head. "Now I'm firmly against this. Bedeze himself is one thing. With your peerage's help you can beat him, but I don't see you beating him and his peerage all at once. I don't remember them all, but I do remember his Queen. Former valkyrie. Daughter of a minor Greek God and a valkyrie. She was a political landmine a century ago. Ousted by both factions because of stupid grudges but neither of them wanted us to have her either. I had to put up with a lot of bullshit because of that girl, but she's good. One of the best Queens the Underworld has seen."

"The Underworld has yet to meet me." Medea said.

Serafall's eyes snapped to Medea. She frowned, consideringly. "You're impressive, but I don't know how you measure up when compared to other devils."

Medea made a humming sound. "Balthazar told me you had surmised my heritage. I would have assumed you'd determined my identity by now."

Serafall pursed her lips. "Greek witch. There were a lot of you so I don't know which one. You had to have some power to stay alive long enough for Balthazar to reincarnate you so that narrows the list down a bit, but I have other things to occupy my time than to track down the history of random individuals."

Medea smiled knowingly. "You couldn't find anything, could you?"

Serafall's eye twitched.

"In that case," Medea levitated off the couch to her feet. "Let me save you the trouble." She bowed shallowly. "I am Medea of Colchis. It is a pleasure to properly meet you, Lady Leviathan."

Serafall froze. Her eyes were fixed on Medea. Her gaze snapped to me, then back to Medea. "That's…I wouldn't have expected that. Evil Pieces can't reincarnate fully divine entities. If what history says about you is true, you're barely mortal."

Evil Pieces were an amazing invention, but they had their limits. They were limited by the power of the user. Restricted by the power of each individual piece. And they couldn't bring back anyone who had been dead for too long. Another fact of their use was, as Serafall had just said, that they were unable to reincarnate divine entities.

Gods, demigods, sufficiently empowered diving champions – all of them were off limits. How then did I reincarnate Medea? Her mother was an Oceanid. Her father was the son of Helios. Between her mother being a direct child of the Titans and her father being the grandson of a Titan. As Serafall said, she was more divine than mortal. She was positively brimming with divine power…only she wasn't. When she'd lived the first time, that had certainly been the case, but I'd reincarnated Medea when she was a Heroic Spirit. A Heroic Spirit lacking divinity due to how every trace of her divinity was imbued into her Noble Phantasm Rule-Breaker. She still had access to all of her power, but it hadn't prevented me from reincarnating her due to the very specific interaction between her half-dead state as a Heroic Spirit and how her Noble Phantasm functioned. Maybe the Evil Piece could have worked on her before her death, but it was a non-factor regardless due to the roundabout way she was reincarnated.

"It is the truth." Medea said patiently. "I would appreciate it if you did not inform my distant relatives of my current whereabouts. They will likely learn soon enough, but I would like to savor my peace while I have it."

Serafall looked simultaneously excited and like she didn't know what to do. "I thought you were supposed to be dead. Where have you been for thousands of years?"

Medea smiled. "Here and there."

Serafall actually pouted at her. "That isn't very helpful."

"It wasn't meant to be."

"Did you reincarnate after your death as a human and Bal found you then? Is that why you were mortal enough for the piece to take?"

"I was not wholly myself, but the only reincarnation I have undergone was at Balthazar's hands."

"Still not very helpful."

"It was still not intended to be."

Serafall let out a long sigh. "Okay. Medea is your mysterious Queen. Damn. This is going to be such a pain in the ass. You just dropped a political nuke in my lap."

"A political nuke capable of putting a delusional uncle in his place." I said.

Serafall frowned at me. "I concede that your Queen is powerful. I never would have expected to see a day where Medea was reborn as a devil, but Bedeze still has a full peerage. You don't."

"No, but I have faith in my peerage, and I have plans to grow it a little before our fight. That's why I'd like your help. If you could maybe help me buy a couple months between now and when I have to fight Bedeze, I would appreciate it. Preferably keeping him from attacking me again as well in case that wasn't implied."

"I can't risk anything happening to you, Bal."

"No, you can't risk anything happening to the mines I have access to. If I lose the Rating Game, I will tell you where my adamantium and mithril mines are. It's certainly better than the idea of Bedeze getting a hold of them." I said.

Serafall pursed her lips. "He'll put conditions on the Rating Game. There'll likely be wagers. You might not be able to fulfill that promise if he takes control of everything."

"He won't, but I'll write the locations down somewhere and tell you where to find the dead drops right before the fight."

"You would trust me not to grab the locations immediately and secure the mines while you're fighting Bedeze?"

I just smiled. "I don't think it'll be an issue." She literally couldn't get to where the mines were, so even if I told her where they were, she wouldn't be able to use the information.

Serafall pursed her lips. She still didn't look convinced.

I sighed. "Look, Bedeze isn't going to stop. If I'm not an available target he might go after someone else. The only people who really come to mind are Magdaran, Sairaorg and Kuisha. He'd have to be an idiot to try to mess with Magdaran, but I wouldn't put it past him to go after Kuisha after he tried to attack me at home. This way, he is given enough of what he wants to be satisfied and I am simultaneously able to set a precedent."

"I can protect your sister as well." Serafall suggested.

"I appreciate the offer, but it defeats the purpose of doing this on my own. I want to be independent. I am happy to ally with you as long as it is to our mutual benefit, but I do not desire to be subservient to you."

Having Serafall's protection was a good thing, great even, but I did not want to be under her thumb. I needed the Underworld and the wider supernatural as a whole to recognize me as my own entity, not just Serafall's pawn. I would never be able to achieve that level of separation if she fixed all of my problems for me. I was more than willing to do business with her and to do the occasional favor here and there, but I didn't want to be pulled into her faction. Now when I could grow my own.

Serafall was silent for a long time. "I can't keep you from acting as you will. I'll see what I can do about stalling for some time so you can prepare." She turned to Medea. "I hope whatever you're working on will be enough."

Medea smiled knowingly. "I believe we already have enough. But it is better to be over prepared than not."

Serafall made a considering sound. "Did you find more Sacred Gear users?"

"Something like that." I said. "I expect Bedeze to challenge me soon. If he doesn't, I'm going to challenge him."

"If you change your mind about fighting him, let me know and I'll deal with it." Serafall said.

"Thank you for the offer, but it is unnecessary."

Serafall turned to Medea as I stood. "Any chance I could convince you to work for me part time? The Greeks would be a lot easier to handle if I had you in my corner."

Medea scoffed. "I would sooner cut out my own tongue."

"Figured." Serafall said tiredly. "If half of the legends about you are true, you probably hate 'em more than most. Although…" Serafall looked at Medea in a new light.

"Yes?" Medea said, guarded.

"It's not business related. You were one of the first true witches. I… kinda have a magical girl show I do. Havingarealmagicalgirlonitwouldbecool." she finished all at once.

Medea thought for a moment. "Miracle Levia-tan, yes? Balthazar and I have watched some of it. It is enjoyable. I will not be a pillar of good and love who conquers evil through the power of friendship, but I would be amenable to appearing as a villain."

My ears must not have been functioning correctly because I could have sworn the walking apocalypse that was the Satan Serafall Leviathan squee'd.

"I'll be in touch!" Serafall said excitedly. She dashed around behind her desk, frantically typing away at her computer.

Serafall looked up as we were leaving. "Be careful, barbel. Remember, I'm here if you need me."

"I appreciate it, Serafall. I really do." I paused, a thought coming to me. Maybe I could pay her back for having my back? "Actually, would you be interested in more Sacred Gear users for your or Sona's peerages?"

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "Provided they are interesting enough, most definitely. You don't have the White Dragon Emperor hidden away too, do you?"

"Nah, that guy's a dick. I have some other ideas though. I'll talk it over with Medea and let you know later."

"Hold on, you know who the White Dragon Emp–"

"Thanks for meeting with me. I need to go make some preparations now." I opened a Hole around Medea and I to bring us home.

"Hey, master!" Coal called, waving from where he sat on the porch. He had an open bag of beef jerky in his hand.

"Did anything happen while we were gone?" I asked.

"No. Aqua's still out. Shang Tsung's still locked away in the basement. No dumbass uncles have stopped by. It's been pretty quiet."

"Thanks for looking after everything."

"No problem, master."

My phone buzzed. Confused, I pulled it out of my pocket and opened the message I'd received. I hadn't put Serafall's information into a contact yet, but I recognized her number. She'd sent me a message that said, 'Heads up' with a link. The link took me to a live interview on the devil net.

I growled in the back of my throat. Medea watched over my shoulder and laid a hand on my shoulder in support.

On the screen, Bedeze was seated next to a silver-haired woman I recognized to be his Queen. They were talking to a brown-haired woman with a microphone in a lavishly decorated room. I'd never been to Bedeze's home, but I'd seen some pictures and other videos from other interviews conducted there. A caption at the bottom of the screen read, 'Trouble in the House of Abaddon?'.

Bedeze did these interviews from time to time. A lot of highly ranked Rating Games competitors did. Rating Games were to devils what sports were to humans – entertainment, a gambling opportunity, a way to show off the supremacy of you and yours.

During my early years, I'd watched a couple of Bedeze's interviews to try to get a better picture of the man I was related to. I didn't like what I saw. He was arrogant, impolite and just didn't seem like a fun guy to be around. From what I was able to piece together from the comments of this particular interview, it had started out just like any other. Bedeze had been talking about his Rating Game plans for the near-future then the conversation changed to his family troubles. He probably not-so-subtly dropped a hint about me or my business. Hell, maybe the reporter had brought it up. I was news now, and she looked like she was eating his words up.

"I wasn't expecting him to go on TV." I said.

"We can use this, master. We need time to prepare to face him. He has given us a medium to speak with him where he cannot twist our words. You can challenge him now. We appear and disappear just as quickly so he does not have time to plan or react. The whole Underworld will see and his pride will force him to accept your terms."

"We'd planned to wager my baronship and our lands to get him to agree to put his own holdings on the line. The whole Underworld will see us say that."

"It won't matter. We will win, master. Even if by some cruel twist of fate we do not, I can always free us from our obligations." Rule Breaker appeared in her hand with a flash of energy.

"I thought we were keeping that a secret?"

"Serafall Leviathan knows who I am. It is only a matter of time now." The dagger vanished in a flash of light.

"I'm not exactly comfortable with putting my face on every screen in the Underworld. There's also the fact that we would be dropping into his home where he is strongest. He underestimated us and we surprised him. He may be arrogant, but he'll definitely have defenses. I'm not teleporting us into his house."

That just…was not a good idea. I could appreciate Medea's desire to talk to Bedeze when he couldn't spin our words in whatever way suited him, but going to his home was a bad move, cameras or no. I wasn't sure if I wanted to approach him now either.

I wanted more time to prepare to face him. I was confident in the strength of my peerage, but Bedeze's peerage had tested themselves time and again in Rating Games. They were strong, and they had us outnumbered. I had Aqua working on some projects to even the odds, but those projects needed time to come to fruition. We'd need at least a month, ideally two. I'd planned to go after another peerage recruit, but I wanted time to let them adjust to the peerage before the fight. A month wasn't enough time to do that.

Medea pursed her lips. "We do not have to appear in person."

"Talk through a Hole? That could work."

"Those viewing the conversation could see it as cowardly."

"Let them. The only reason I would do this in the first place would be to secure a Rating Game date he couldn't back out of. We'll set the precedent we need in the Rating Game."

"Perhaps we move to a second location and taunt him into appearing before us? A place where we hold the advantage."

"That could work."

On the screen, the interviewer had asked several probing questions about the Abaddon's family situation. She drew my attention back when she said, "I'm sure you're proud of your nephew's recent success."

Bedeze scoffed. "Success he has built on my name and effort. He would not even do me the decency of welcoming me into my own home."

I frowned as Bedeze started recounting a less than true interpretation of his arrival at my unfinished castle.

"Coal!"

The black-haired dragon looked up from where he was lazing on the porch. He had bit halfway into a jerky stick when I'd called out to him.

"Keep an eye on the house. I'm going to take us to Lucifaad. If we have to meet Bedeze face to face, I want it to be somewhere where we hold the cards, but I don't want him having access to our lands."

Coal waved, chewing quickly so he could say, "Will do, master. Give him a good punch in the face for me!"

A Hole swallowed Medea and I. We reappeared in the small shop Magdaran and I were working out of before Serafall gave us our new office building. We still owned this place, and the wards were strong enough to screw with Serafall's teleportation, so it would serve us well. I would have taken us to the office, but Magdaran and Kuisha were likely still there. I didn't want them caught in the middle of things if things devolved too far.

On the screen Medea and I still watched, Bedeze sighed dramatically. "Yes, after all the care I gave him and his sister as they grew, he acts as if I am an invader in my own lands. He parades himself as 'Lord' Abaddon when I am the true lord of our house. I will need to correct this misunderstanding soon lest he grow too arrogant."

On the screen, a small black orb appeared in the space behind Bedeze's head, unseen by all three figures on camera.

"Please don't play the loving uncle," I spoke through the orb. "You're really not suited for it."

The reaction to my voice suddenly appearing in Bedeze's house were mixed. Bedeze conjured a Hole around himself, whisking him away to somewhere off camera. Say what you would about the man, but he'd fought in Rating Games for a long time. His instincts reflected his experience.

His queen, likewise, leapt out of her seat. spinning around and summoning a shield and spear to her in a flash of light. The white gown she was wearing transformed into metal armor with fur decorating it and a bronze helmet with wings, a stereotypical valkyrie's armaments.

The reporter let out a surprised shriek as she clambered away, causing her chair to fall back and spill her onto the floor. When she realized she wasn't under attack, she stood and straightened out her apparel as quickly as she could, shooting embarrassed glances at the camera.

"My lord, this is…" the Valkyrie said. I hadn't remembered her name when my peerage and I looked over Bedeze's own peerage members to start outlining our plan. I'd come across it when I watched Bedeze's old Rating Games, but she hadn't struck me as important enough to remember. I knew it now, just like I knew all of the publicly available information on Bedeze's peerage members. My peerage and I had poured over every piece of information we could to glean whatever advantage was to be had.

"Balthazar," Bedeze growled, appearing back in frame through another Hole. His back was to the camera, blocking a good half of the due to his proximity to the camera.

"There's the vicious stranger I know you to be." I said. "Your clothes are tacky by the way. Way too much gold trim. At that point, just wear tinfoil. The shiny will be more manageable."

"I did not invite you here, nephew. Leave and we will reconvene at a–"

"Because that stopped you, did it?" I cut him off. I had him on the back foot right now. He hadn't expected my presence, physical or not, at this interview. He was reeling as he tried to regain his balance. I couldn't let him build up any momentum. "I saw you spreading lies about your poorly-planned assault on my lands and decided I would not allow you to slander me."

The reporter seemed to have regained the majority of her composure. There was a wary look on her face, but she still approached the Hole I was speaking through, cautiously holding the microphone towards it. "This is surprising. I had not expected the Bastard of Abaddon to make an appearance. Could you tell our viewers–"

"My title is Baron Abaddon." I cut her off. "'Lord Abaddon' and 'my lord' are also acceptable methods of addressing me." Honestly, I didn't care much how people referred to me when we were talking, but right now, I needed to make sure there was no way to misunderstand where I stood. I was Lord Abaddon and Bedeze was the pretender.

The reporter shot a quick glance towards Bedeze before saying, "Of course, my lord. I apologize. You seem to have a different perspective of the events Lord Abaddon just recounted."

I let her calling my uncle 'lord' go unremarked upon. I'd already made my position clear, and she was caught between two opposing lords with powerful backing. I knew she wouldn't take either of our sides. Her angle here was to make as much money off the drama as possible. I planned to exploit that.

The reporter finished by saying, "Could you please tell our viewers your side of the story?"

"Yes, dear nephew," Bedeze said in a strained voice, his back still to the camera. I couldn't see his face. "You have already entered my home uninvited, but I would be a poor host not to show family proper courtesy. I, at least, will extend that to my kin. Please come and sit with us."

"While I appreciate your offer, dear uncle, I must respectfully decline." I said. "I cannot be sure I will leave after entering your territory, not after how you attacked me in my own home."

The reporter's face lit up as if she'd just uncovered buried treasure, her eyes flicking between the Hole in front of her and Bedeze. "Baron Abaddon, are you insinuating that Lord Abaddon attacked you during his visit?"

"I am insinuating nothing. I am outright stating a fact." I said.

"Lies." Bedeze countered immediately.

"If you would like to discuss our contrasting recounting of events, you are welcome to meet with me face-to-face, uncle." I said. A second, much larger Hole opened next to the smaller one I was speaking through, paired to one just in front of the door to my office. I was seated behind the desk with Medea standing right behind me. If Bedeze attacked, she would be able to bring the defenses laid into this place down on his head in an instant. "You are, of course, invited along as well, Ms…?"

"Natalia Braceforth, Patron's Blood Publishing." the reporter answered. I watched her on my phone screen as she made hand motions towards the camera. The camera shifted, then was lifted up. The reporter kept a cautious eye on Bedeze as she slowly approached the larger Hole I'd opened, the camera's view drawing closer with her as her cameraman joined her. Bedeze and his Queen were out of frame now.

"Lord Abaddon," Natalia said slowly, "This presents a unique opportunity for you to clear the air with your nephew."

"I do not need cameras present to–"

"Why the hesitation, uncle?" I cut Bedeze off. "Afraid things will not go as you expect? Perhaps you're still suffering the trauma of being trapped immobile in a bubble after trying to kill me? You have my word that I will not discipline you again so long as you behave."

I heard a snapping sound through my Hole. On the livestream, the reporter flinched, eyes fixed on something out of frame. It appeared Bedeze was throwing a temper tantrum. Good.

Bedeze was strong. Unfortunately for him, he was also an arrogant, prideful prick. He wouldn't take my comment lying down, especially not when I'd called him out in front of a digital audience that was certainly recording our conversation to distribute later. Backing off now would make him look weak. If he really wanted my lands and holdings, he couldn't allow himself to be viewed as weaker than I was, which just played into my hands. He would be forced to come meet with me at my behest and I'd kick him out just as quickly as he arrived. I didn't plan on having a long conversation with the man.

Natalia backed up as Bedeze slowly reentered the frame. His Queen was at his side. Neither of them spared the reporter so much as a glance as they walked through my Hole into the office. The reporter and cameraman, a short young woman with green hair that was doing her best to seem small, followed right after.

I caught a quick glimpse of how things looked from the camera's perspective before I closed my phone to focus on Bedeze. Bedeze and his Queen on one side of the room. Me, sat at my desk with Medea's hooded figure looming behind me. It was a proper faceoff.

"I would offer refreshments, but you don't deserve the courtesy." I said, holding Bedeze's gaze.

My estranged uncle was fuming. His eyes were filled with hate. His hands were balled into fists that hummed with power. "Nephew, we–"

"I don't have the time or the energy to deal with a drawn out spat with you, Bedeze." I cut him off again. "While you whine about your nephew achieving everything you were incapable of, I am forced to halt production on all goods my business deals in. Lords and Ladies across the Underworld will have to wait for their items because I would be a fool to produce them while fearing my uncle shoving a knife into my back. You are wasting not only my time, but theirs, so let's sort this out quickly and cleanly."

Bedeze said, "What a wonderful–"

"A Rating Game." I cut him off. "It will be three months from now. Between your experience and numbers advantage, I am the weaker party, so I am allowing myself time to prepare."

Bedeze's eyes narrowed. "We wouldn't want to keep the Lords waiting on my products. Two months should suffice."

"Two it is." I said before he could backtrack. Three would have been preferable, but two should still be more than enough. "Are there any stipulations you would like to set as the challenged party? Type of Rating Game? Rewards for the victor?"

"One Day War. When I defeat you, you will relinquish your holdings to me."

"Everything I hold? I would assume you will match that wager then. Should I defeat you, everything you own will become mine."

Bedeze snorted. For the first time since I'd surprised him, he was smiling, eager. "I will match the wager. There will be no more doubt that I am Lord Abaddon."

"Wonderful. Thank you for coming. Now leave. I have work to do." I waved to the Hole behind them, still connected to Bedeze's house, and pulled a stack of papers out of a drawer in my desk, already looking over them and filling them out. This was normally Magdaran's job, but pissig off Bedeze with how rudely I dismissed him was too good of an opportunity to ignore.

"I will see you on the field, nephew." Bedeze growled, spinning around and walking back towards the Hole.

I raised an eyebrow, looking up at the armored, silver-haired Queen. "That dismissal was for you as well."

She spit on the floor. "I'll carve my lord's name into your chest, you ungrateful brat. I will make you beg for the honor of kissing his boots."

Medea's gaze, which had been fixed on Bedeze's retreating back, snapped to glare at the valkyrie.

I put a hand on her arm. "Caster, not now. We'll deal with them in two months."

The valkyrie barked out a laugh. "That's right, heel like the little leashed bitch that you are. Tell me, are you worth anything as his Queen or does he just keep you around to suck his dick?"

I felt a burst of enraged power where I held Medea's arm and gently squeezed her forearm.

"Do not speak to my Queen that way." I said coldly.

Bedeze's Queen kept talking. "What will you do to stop me, false lord? My lord will not even need to dirty himself with your blood. I will destroy you on his behalf."

"You would be wise to cease speaking." Medea said.

The valkyrie grinned. "I am Runa, Boreasdóttir. My mother is Hildr of the Valkyries. I will be the one to cut you down, you dolled up slut. If you prove to be obedient, I might allow you the pleasure of worshipping my lord's feet on your knees next to the bastard you serve."

I felt the temperature around us drop several degrees. Natalia had been eating up the drama, looking like a kid in a candy store. Not anymore. She paled, backing away from Medea. The girl with the camera was actually shaking in fear.

In the silence, Medea's words echoed. "I will take savage delight in meticulously tearing everything you are from your body. I will ruin you. I grant you the privilege of leaving today. Enjoy your last two months." Medea flicked her hand.

The space around us came alive. Shadows swam up the walls, along the ceiling and floor, stealing away the light. Tendrils of violet energy grew from the shadows. One emerged directly behind Runa, wrapping around her waist and pulling her backwards.

Bedeze held his hand up…but nothing happened. A look of true fear was born in his eyes.

Medea's tendril threw Runa like a ragdoll, sending her colliding into Bedeze. The two of them tumbled through my Hole in a heap. I closed it behind them.

The shadows receded. The tendrils vanished into motes of energy. The office space returned to normal.

The girl with the camera was cowering in the corner, hugging the camera to her chest like a plush toy. The people watching the feed were probably getting a wonderful view of my ceiling right about now.

Natalia, the reporter, was slightly more composed. She'd only plastered herself against the wall, trying to appear small. When Medea's eyes landed on her, she flinched backwards.

"The two of you are free to leave at your own leisure." I said with a warm smile on my face, completely at odds with how I'd addressed Bedeze.

The camera girl couldn't leave fast enough, fleeing from the room before I could get another word in.

The interviewer nearly followed her, pausing at the door's threshold. She turned around. "Baron Abaddon, would you be amenable to an interview in the near future?"

"I will be busy for the next two months. After I defeat my uncle, I will have time. If you are still interested, approach me then."

Her eyes narrowed. "You really think you can beat him, don't you?"

"Thank you for facilitating my meeting and challenge with him, but I have things to do. When I win, I will offer you the first opportunity to interview me as thanks."

She pursed her lips then bowed shallowly. "Thank you, my lord. I will see myself out." She turned and followed her cameraman. I'd have the skeletons show them out, but there were very few left in this store now. We'd moved most of our skeletal labor force to our office. Besides, the building was small enough that it was hard to get lost.

I looked up at Medea. My Queen was still glaring at the space Bedeze and Runa were tossed through.

I ran my hand down her arm to weave my fingers through hers. "Are you okay?"

"I am going to do terrible things to that woman and the man she calls King. It…" She trailed off. "It might cause problems for you. I won't do anything if you…" She stopped talking as I pushed my chair out and pulled her towards me, she sat down in my lap and leaned back into me.

I pulled her hood down and kissed her cheek, hugging her against me from behind. "I will be the last person to come to their defense. Despite how other devils view their peerage, you're not my slave, Medea. Do what you need to do. We'll deal with whatever happens together."

"I'm going to tear her apart and leave her with nothing. Murder would not be satisfying enough. I will have to get creative with that wench"

"Okay. We'll need to prepare first though. And… Could you maybe do something for me when I beat Bedeze?"

Medea shifted to look back at me, silently waiting for me to continue.

"He has something that he shouldn't. It's the reason he's so strong. I'll tell you when we get home. Everyone needs to hear this."

She nodded, then leaned back, laying her head against my shoulder. "Once more, we were fortunate that Bedeze is a fool. His Rating Game selection favors us."

I smiled, nodding in agreement.

Rating Games had various different forms they could take. The more variety, the easier it was to keep the fights interesting. Some were straight brawls. Some were bastardized capture the flag. There were matches where one team had to assassinate a specific peerage member within a time limit to achieve victory. There was a wide variety. Most of the matches ranged from one-three hours, leading to lots of fighting in a brief period of time and many pieces retiring rapidly.

Bedeze had selected One Day War. This mode did away with the short hour-long time constraints. As the name implied, the match would last for a full day and aimed to simulate a true war. The arena would be far larger than normal to simulate a true battlefield. Part of the challenge of these matches was finding your opponent as much as it was fighting them. If your opponent found you in no man's land before you saw them, they could take you out easily. Supplies, exhaustion, small skirmishes – there were a number of factors normal Rating Games didn't have to consider in a One Day War.

Bedeze likely thought that my reduced numbers would be a hindrance in this type of battle. Normally, he'd be right. He could use his forces in waves to exhaust mine then finish us off. Unfortunately for him, he had severely underestimate my peerage.

Coal was practically built for sustained engagements. The powerful dragon could get by without resting for multiple weeks. A single day would do nothing to him, and his power prevented a war of attrition from defeating him.

Medea would be able to easily survey the field no matter how large it was with a combination of her familiars and scrying, giving us real-time information on the entire battlefield. Not to mention her combat prowess.

Then there were the projects Shang Tsung and Aqua were working on for me. If they could get them to work, Bedeze would be the one on the back foot.

Medea and I sat like that for a time, just enjoying one another's company.

"We both have work we need to do." Medea finally said, not sounding happy with that fact.

"It can wait for tomorrow."

"It could, but it shouldn't." She gently pulled my arms off of her. "I have projects I need to work on. And the sooner you reach out the better. I do not want to be learning to fight with someone a week prior to when we will be facing Bedeze."

"You think I should go for it now, then?"

"Better now then later. Whether they accept or refuse, we will need to model our plans around them."

I nodded. "Alright. I'll track down Aqua and give it a shot."

Medea pressed her lips against mine, savoring our kiss before pulling away. "Do not take too long. Even with the Rating Game approaching, I still expect to be treated to movie night."

I smiled. "Wouldn't dream of missing it."

Medea's form slowly faded away as she teleported.

I sighed, standing up and stretching. A Hole pulled me back to my manor.

"Did it not go well?"

I looked up. I hadn't even realized Coal was still on the porch eating his jerky.

"What makes you say that?" I asked.

"Medea just came through mumbling something about stabbing a bitch."

"Ah. Bedeze's Queen is a bitch, but other than that things went alright. We have two months before we fight them. You'll be ready by then?"

Coal grinned. "Hell yeah I will be. You gonna go get us some more firepower?"

"I'll try. They might say no like Talion did."

Coal shrugged. "Makes no difference to me. It's not like any of Bedeze's pieces can put me down. At worst, it'll turn into a war of attrition where our side doesn't tire."

"I'd rather prepare for the possibility of them somehow beating you and have nothing happen than be surprised."

"Fair enough. Tell the new recruit that we've got good meat."

I smiled. "I'll be sure to add it to the recruitment pitch. When Aqua gets back, please send her to find me. I'll need her help getting there."

"You got it, master."

A Hole opened around me, pulling me away.


X


She was enraged.

She had left them alone. She had never given them any trouble they had not sought themselves. This was how they repaid her for her restraint?

Some of her siblings had fought the humans, hunted them. She had never seen the point. She had always left them be. They did not matter to her one way or the other. She enjoyed the time she spent roaming free, laying in the sun and climbing to high places. There was the occasional 'hero' who sought her out to defeat her. These and these alone did she kill. They sought to harm her, so she defended herself, but she did not seek conflict. She avoided humans as much as she could. They were all more trouble than they were worth. Their battles were not hers. She left them to squabble amongst themselves while she roamed and enjoyed the comforts of her freedom.

Then another human came. He wore red armor. Dark hair hung down from his head flowing wild and free in the wind as he ran.

He fought her.

Forests rose at his command. Gates that stole away her strength fell from the sky at his word. She could not beat him. She tried to flee, but he did not let her. He was too strong, the strongest human she had ever heard of. Why had he hunted her?

She was trapped, locked into a wooden figurine carved into a mockery of her beautiful visage, her fire snuffed out. Scripts of sealing ink covered the figurine, resisting her attempts to free herself from this degrading prison.

She was aware of little that transpired beyond her cage. In her true body she could smell her prey from a great distance. She could hear the goings on of the forest around her. Her eyes could see as perfectly in the dark as in the light.

Now, all of her vast senses were muted, locked away. It was a struggle to perceive anything at all. She was only partially aware of things which transpired directly outside of her prison. Even that much took great effort.

She heard humans talking. She was passed between them. She heard the clink of coins.

She thrashed violently against the confines of her prison. These humans were selling her, trading her in a transaction as if she was a thing that they owned, their property.

She would not stand for this. She would not.

Try as she might, she could not manifest her claws to tear open her cage. Despite her great effort, she could not summon blue fire to burn away her cage. She threw everything she had against the seals binding her, but the wood and ink siphoned away her strength until her awareness faded. She'd exhausted herself.

Her awareness returned slowly, hampered as it was by her prison. She was somewhere else now. Whatever human was holding her was moving fast. The humans outside were speaking, but she couldn't make out the words. They were transporting her somewhere.

She prepared herself, readying to thrash against the walls of her prison once more.

The humans outside let out surprised yells. Something was happening. Most of the presences she felt disappeared, leaving only one left. A second presence, shining through the walls of her prison like a star, dwarfed that of the human that held her prison.

The human screamed. The human disappeared, leaving only the star. The star spoke. Unlike the humans, its words weren't muted. She could understand it clearly.

"That can't be comfortable for you. Let me unlock this cage so we can talk."

Glowing lines of energy enveloped the ink scribed into her wooden prison. The ink burned away. The wood stealing away her power went inert.

She did not waste the opportunity.

Blue-black fire fled from the wooden figure like smoke, solidifying into a gargantuan feline form with massive jaws and two long tails. Black patterns mixed with the blue fire.

The great creature growled as she stared down at the small wooden figurine beneath her. An enormous paw made of fire ending in razor-sharp claws slammed down atop the figure, shattering it into shards. She looked up, putting her senses to work tracking down the rest of the disgusting humans that thought to own her. She could not find them. She was surrounded by darkness. There was little sound in this place. The only thing she could smell was the lone individual here with her.

He looked human, but he certainly did not smell like one. Hair like gold framed a young face. He wore black and red clothes.

"Where have you taken me? Where are the humans? I will have my vengeance upon them." she said, her voice low and dangerous as she glared down at the man. Her form dwarfed his, yet she could not shake an instinctual feeling travelling down her pack, prickling her senses and priming her to fight or flee. This small man felt like a predator, a strong one.

"You are in a safe place of my making. Be at ease," he said, holding up a hand as she began to growl. "I have no intention of keeping you here. I merely want to talk to you and thought that this would be the best location. All I ask in return for freeing you is that you hear what I have to say."

The cat breathed out through its nose, blue flame billowing out of its nostrils. "Return me to the humans. They must pay for what they did to me. After I have dealt with them, we will talk."

The man frowned minutely before nodding. "As you wish." He waved his hand.

The darkness around them disappeared. Her vast senses were assaulted by the world around them. It was night. They were standing in an open plain. Insects sang into the night. A small group of humans was huddled together under a tree. The darkness could not hide them from her sight.

"It's free!" one of them yelled as the cat dashed towards them. She pounced, tearing into them with her teeth and claws before they could flee. Those that escaped her initial assault fell to her fire as she snapped her tails around, burning the darkness away with her flames. There were twenty of them at the start. When she was through with them. There was nought but spilled blood.

The cat rolled its neck and shoulders, stretching the stiffness from them. She did not know how long she had been trapped in that carving, but she was elated to be free, able to move under her own power once more.

She walked slowly, dignified, away from the bodies of those who had wronged her. The strange man was waiting in the same place he had been standing when she'd attacked. She studied him as she approached, trying to determine what manner of creature he was. Her yellow and green, heterochromatic eyes both were fixed intently on him.

She stopped a short distance away, sitting proudly before him, her tails flicking through the air behind her. "I find myself indebted to you. You have earned my ear."

He nodded politely. "Thank you. My name is Balthazar Abaddon, devil lord of the House of Abaddon."

She tilted her head. "Devil? A demon?"

"Yes, I am a minor lord of Hell. Though that place is far removed from here. Forgive me, I didn't ask your name."

She lifted her chin proudly. "I am the Two-Tails."

"That is your title, much the same way 'Baron' is mine. Would you tell me your name?"

Her eyes narrowed as she stared down at the devil. He did not flinch under her gaze. He was interesting if nothing else. She could not remember the last time someone asked for her name. "I am Matatabi."

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Matatabi. I have a proposition for you if you would hear it?"

She supposed she owed him that much for freeing her. "I will hear it."

"I wish to be clear so there are no misunderstandings between us. I am a devil. We are a selfish race. I freed you for my own reasons aside from seeing you free."

Her tails slowly stopped twirling in the air as she regarded the man, preparing herself. "What was your reason?"

"I want to take you back to my home with me, though I will not force you. My kind has developed a way to reincarnate those of other species into devils. You would be my servant. I would–"

Matatabi growled threateningly. "You seek to use me as the humans did?"

The man held her gaze. She could sense no fear from him. "No. They planned to make you a slave. I want to make you my ally. You would be beholden to me, but in exchange your strength would be magnified significantly. You would be free to roam my lands at your will, hunting as you please. I would call on you for certain tasks, but you would have no duties outside of that."

"I do not need to be stronger. I am already among the strongest."

"In this world perhaps. Even so, Hashirama Senju was able to seal you away."

Matatabi's claws bit into the dirt. The grinning face of the man who'd battled her atop a living forest flew to the forefront of her mind. "You know the one who imprisoned me?"

"By reputation only. He is strong. And he is determined. By freeing you, I have undone a peace agreement he made with a foreign power. He will not allow this to stand. He will track you down and seal you again to maintain the peace he desires."

"He will not defeat me twice."

"Yes, he will. You cannot beat him. His power is a direct counter to yours. Even if it weren't, he is the strongest shinobi to live in generations. He will track you down and give you back to Kumo."

Matatabi growled. "And this is supposed to scare me into fleeing with you? Why should I trade his cage for yours?"

"I will not force you. I have no interest in reincarnating an unwilling servant. That will only cause me problems. If you do not agree, I will leave. You will be free to do what you will, but Hashirama will find you sooner or later."

"And you would not free me again?"

"I would have no reason to."

The flames along Matatabi's body flickered. "I have heard you, devil. I have paid my debt to you. Now you are irritating me." She raised her paw and swatted it towards the devil, intending to bat him away so she could leave.

Her paw was stopped cold against a shield of shimmering red energy. It was like no technique she'd ever seen.

The devil sighed. "I suppose that is that. Thank you for your time, Mata–"

Another shield of energy appeared to deflect her tail away from him.

His eyes narrowed. "Please do not attack me agai–"

Matatabi lunged towards him, biting at him.

Several points of great pressure hit her in the side of the head, knocking her to the side and sending her scrambling to her feet. A small dark orb was held in each of the devil's hands. His eyes were narrowed at her.

"I had hoped we could get along, Matatabi. It seems I was wrong. I wish you well." he said, lowering his hands. A point of darkness opened behind him.

"If you survive this," Matatabi said. The devil stopped as he walked towards the darkness. "Then I will consider your offer."

The darkness vanished. The devil turned to fully face her, a considering expression on his face. "I am ready."

Matatabi opened her mouth wide. Dark, crackling energy ignited between her teeth, rapidly expanding into a Tailed Beast Bomb.

Something about this devil was interesting to her. He was nothing like the humans she'd met. His scent made her certain of that. His presence demanded attention, respect. It was like a great mountain standing amongst a field of pebbles. Matatabi had never felt a presence like his before. Her siblings and her father all had distinct auras. The aura of the devil was entrancing, like two separate shadows woven into one, dancing to the same tune.

Still, her interest was not enough to become his servant. She was proud. She did not serve.

With a roar, Matatabi sent the Tailed Beast Ball flying towards the devil. Violet energy crackled away from the bomb, scoring the plains around them and lighting up the night. Wind tore branches from trees and sent smaller flora flying as the bomb approached its target.

Balthazar Abaddon, devil lord of the House of Abaddon calmly watched the Tailed Beast Bomb approach at speed. Before it could strike him, a massive point of darkness appeared between him and the bomb, rapidly growing to absorb it before snapping shut.

Silence.

Slowly, the animals and insects that had fled in the face of her power started to make their presence known once more. Matatabi paid them no mind.

She sat down once more. "Explain the details of the arrangement you suggest."

He was silent for a moment, watching her. "I will use an artifact created by my race to reincarnate you into a devil. The artifact will enhance your strength and durability considerably. It will also bind you to my service. You will not be able to leave without consequences, but I will not require you to do much outside of occasionally fighting on my behalf. My uncle is trying to take what is mine. I will fight him soon, and you will fight with me, but following that, you will likely be free to do as you will for the most part."

"I am attached to my form. Will becoming a devil change me?" Matatabi would outright refuse him if her beautiful blue flame and tails were lost to her.

"Yes and no. You will gain a devil form similar in appearance to a human, but you will be able to switch between that form and your feline form as you please."

Matatabi made a considering sound. "Is that the truth, Balthazar?"

"It is. My Pawn is a dragon named Coal. He regularly changes between his devil form and his draconic body." He smiled. "He also told me to tell you we have lots of meat if that peaks your interest."

Matatabi did not believe that he was lying. That did not mean she would accept this offer though.

Her eyes narrowed. "Meat, you say? Do you have fish?"

Balthazar seemed surprised by the question. "We do, though not as much as we do meat right now. If that's something that interests you, we can easily get more."

Matatabi's tails froze in the air.

She liked fish. It was tasty. Unfortunately, she wasn't able to eat it very often. She tried hunting fish herself, but it was hard. The fire of her body would heat the water. She was so big that she made big waves whenever she stepped, scaring away the fish. The only fish she'd been able to successfully hunt were in small rivers or ponds that she could burn through all of the water and leave them flopping on the ground. The humans regularly caught fish, but Matatabi had avoided humans. She doubted they'd have given her any even if she'd asked.

Matatabi did not want to be imprisoned again. The shinobi that trapped her would come for her again. Balthazar's words had not seemed to be lies, and they matched with Matatabi's experiences. She had not been bothering anyone and the man had hunted her down anyway. He was using her for something. He would come after her again to complete what he'd been trying before.

Matatabi did not serve, but she did not have to. There were many house cats she had seen from afar that lived among the humans. They'd taken the humans as pets, allowing them to see to their needs and provide them with meals.

Balthazar was strong. A Tailed Beast Bomb could sunder mountains. He had disposed of it without any damage at all. He had fish. He had land for her to wander and hunt in. He could get her away from the forest shinobi. He would make a suitable pet for a cat as great as herself.

"Very well. If I discover you were lying to me, I will eat you."

He seemed surprised. "You agree?"

"Yes. I am tired of ninjas trying to hunt me. They have all failed except for the last one. I do not want to bother with them any more. If I don't like this, I will just eat you."

"You said that twice."

"Because it is true."

Balthazar considered her for a moment. A glowing red object appeared in his hand. He held it up for her to see. It looked like a small tower. "This is the artifact I will use to reincarnate you. I have to press it into your body. From there, it will change you into a devil."

"How long will the transformation take?"

"It is near-instantaneous."

"Good. I do not like waiting. Let us be done with it."

The devil approached her. He looked up to meet her eyes once more before pressing the item into her leg.

Matatabi twitched. She felt a strange sensation spread through her body. She hissed in discomfort as her body changed. She was engulfed in light.

She fell to the ground. She stared down dumbly, looking at the human-like hand pressing into the grass. Matatabi sat back, looking down at herself. She was wearing a simple blue robe. Her body was like that of a human. Two arms and two legs with black tattoos like the dark markings on her true body. Hair the same blue as her fire fell down her face.

She looked at her hands, curling her fingers. Razor sharp claws grew from her fingers at her command. She felt as two tails grew from her back to sway in the air. Cat ears appeared atop her head. Balthazar had been correct. She could control her form. It was a strange experience.

"Is everything alright?"

"I am experimenting." Matatabi said through near-human lips. It was a unique experience. Slowly, she rose to her feet, unsteady on legs she'd never used. Her body shifted and grew. Fire replaced flesh as she assumed her true body. Even now, she was different. She was easily twice as large as she was used to. She felt like she could grow even larger…or shrink.

Her body shrunk down to the size she was used to, then continued to shrink. Her body shrunk until she was the size of a housecat. She was still on fire with her two tails waving through the air behind her, but her size had drastically decreased.

"Are you feeling alright?" Balthazar asked, watching her.

"I am fine. You did not lie. I will not eat you yet." She jogged up to him. Her claws dug into his pant leg as she began to climb up his body. Her claws tore into his clothes as she climbed until she was perched on his shoulder. She sat down, digging her claws into his shoulder to stabilize herself.

Balthazar looked down at his clothes, a small frown on his face. "This suit was expensive."

"Wear more protective apparel next time. Now let's leave before the shinobi return. I have had enough of them."

A point of darkness appeared in front of them, opening until it consumed everything. As soon as it appeared, it was gone.

Matatabi looked around. There was a small structure surrounded by rolling hills, trees and a small stream. She nodded, content. This was acceptable.

"Hey, master!" Matatabi looked up to see a smaller humanoid man with black hair sitting on a porch. He smelled like a lizard. He was eating dried meat. Matatabi felt hungry. "How'd it go?"

"Coal, meet Matatabi. Matatabi, that's Coal." Balthazar introduced them.

"I was told you have fish." Matatabi said, dignified.

Coal doubled over, howling with laughter. "You're gonna fit right in!"


Spoiler: New Rook:
Last edited: Feb 9, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Nalarza, Potato Nose and 2,105 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Feb 9, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 16
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Feb 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,477
Introducing my existing peerage members had gone quickly. Matatabi didn't seem like she was too invested in holding conversations with anyone. That, and we had other things to concern ourselves with.

I'd called everyone together. We were gathered around the dining room table. Manilla folders filled with information about Bedeze and his peerage were laid out before us. Serafall had done some digging behind the scenes and sent me everything she was able to pull together about my uncle's peerage. There was more information than was available to the general public. I wouldn't have complained about having more, but this was enough for us to work with.

"This should be doable." Aqua said, sifting through papers strewn about in front of her. "I don't see anything that would give us too much trouble."

"They don't have anything that couldStop me." Coal said, eyes focused as he looked over Aqua's shoulder.

"The bishops might be able to put you to sleep or curse you." I pointed out.

"That's what the rest of you are there for. You deal with the mages and I can smash everything else."

"You will not need to." Shang Tsung spoke up, looking over the files on Bedeze's rooks. "We have a viable plan. My teacher will discern their locations and we will deploy our forces against foes that we will be strong against."

"Can I eat them?"

I looked up above the table at my newest peerage member. Matatabi was in her smaller house cat Two-Tails form. She'd somehow managed to climb up to the chandelier over the table and was laying on it. Half of her body was suspended in midair while the other half rested on metal light fixtures. It didn't look very comfortable, but she had yet to move since we'd got here. She was enjoying it just fine.

"It would look bad on us if we killed them." I said.

With a grin, Medea said, "That does not mean we are required to let them leave in one piece."

"Bedeze and Runa we'll make an example out of." I said. "But if the others don't make too much of a nuisance of themselves, they can leave with minor injuries."

Aqua pursed her lips, watching me closely. "What exactly do you want us to reveal during this fight?"

"No holds barred." I said seriously, looking around the table. "The whole point of this is to show the Underworld and the world at large that we are not to be taken lightly. We have enough of a foundation set now that I'm comfortable stepping onto the board. We've got territory, Serafall's backing, the Bael Heir's support, a strong business we can use to make more connections and between the six of us, one of the strongest peerages around. Everyone will know that after the fight."

"You said no holds barred. Does that mean…?" Aqua held up her hand. Her Keyblade appeared in a flash of light.

"Yes. I'll leave it up to your discretion, but if you want to use it, use it."

"Then I'm using it." She shot a grateful glance at Medea. "I appreciate the sword you made me, but…"

Medea chuckled. "You don't need to explain yourself to me. I am not offended that you prefer the powerful artifact bound to your soul over the sword I made for you."

"If you're using it anyway," I said, "I've got some ideas I'd like to run by you later."

"Is this meeting over?" Matatabi said, her tails lazily swaying back and forth in the air above the table, dangling away from her lazing form. "I want to explore a new cave today."

"You found a cave?" Coal asked.

"It is a long distance from the house."

"Would it make for a good place to store a hoard?"

Matatabi hissed at him. "I found it first."

Coal waved her off. "I'll find my own. It's about time I got around to building up another hoard."

"If you want an advance to get it started, just ask." I said. "We're rich, and the capital we used to jumpstart our success was all yours to begin with."

"Thanks, master. It'll be nice to sleep on gold coins again."

"That said, it'll have to wait." I looked around the table. "I'm confident we can win, but I won't allow arrogance to be what defeats us. We're going to train. We need to be able to fight effectively together and grow our own personal strength."

Shang Tsung made a considering sound. "And what of my other projects?"

"Still of paramount importance." I said. "I need you to get those done before our two months are up."

"I am to use them in the Rating Game, then?"

"That is the plan, provided you're ready in time."

Shang Tsung grinned. "I will be ready."

Papers and folders scattered as Matatabi dropped from the chandelier onto the table, landing gracefully. She stretched out while the rest of us gathered up the flying papers. "Let's finish today's training quickly. I will need many hours to explore my new cave."

She trotted up to me and leapt up to my shoulder. One of her tails wound around my neck while her claws dug into me to stabilize herself.

Matatabi started hissing in warning as Medea began scratching her fiery body behind the ears. The hissing slowly quieted as Medea continued her action.

"You're just the cutest thing!" Medea said, reaching around to start scratching under Matatabi's chin as well.

Matatabi weathered Medea's assault with a dignified purr.

"Okay, let's get going before we get distracted any more." I said, motioning for everyone to gather together.

I opened a Hole around us and pulled us to a large open field I'd picked out for our training.

We had two months to prepare. I didn't think we'd need that long, but I was going to make sure we used the time regardless.


X


Things were progressing well. None of us had made unprecedented jumps in power like shonen protagonists, but we were getting better at fighting together. I was regularly breaking us into smaller teams to spar against each other, mixing up the pairings to see who worked the best with each other. As I'd come to find out, we all worked best when able to do our own thing.

My peerage was unique in that each and every member I'd found was a monster on their own before teamwork was even brought into the equation. Even my Pawns, commonly considered to be expendable shock troops by many devils, were powerful. Coal was likely one of the strongest Pawns in the Underworld even if the Underworld as a whole didn't know it yet. And Shang Tsung… He'd surpassed my expectations. He was going to be a terror on the field.

Every member of my peerage was going to draw a lot of attention after this Rating Game. Medea's identity, Coal's escape from his Sacred Gear, Aqua's Keyblade, Shang Tsung's powers, Matatabi's mere existence – I'd sent Serafall a warning with some very broad strokes of what to expect. I was relying on her to help me deal with the fallout. I'd use the Rating Game to demonstrate my strength, then show everyone I was fine with playing nice so long as I was left alone. Hopefully, that would dissuade anyone from trying anything against me in the future, at least openly.

We were exactly one month out from the Rating Game now. I'd given my peerage the day off to rest. I'd been pushing them hard and they deserved a break before we got back to it. Besides, I had something I needed to do today.

A Hole disappeared behind me as I stepped into my office. I hadn't been here in a month, but the stack of papers on my desk was gone. Someone had been here.

I headed for the door to my office, stepping back in surprise as the door opened before I reached it.

"Oh," Latia said, starting in surprise as she moved to enter my office. "I'm sorry, Balthazar. I didn't know you were back."

I looked at the stack of papers she was carrying. "What's all of that?"

"Oh! Forgive me, I was overseeing the skeletons cleaning this morning and noticed these on your desk. I assumed you would be gone until the conclusion of your Rating Game, so I took the liberty of completing them for you. I was just about to return them."

I raised an eyebrow at her. "You stole my work from my office and did it for me?"

She nodded. "We may not be supplying our clients at present, but there is still work to do."

I looked at her for a moment, thinking. "What's your perspective on the whole Rating Game situation?"

She frowned, turning guarded at the unexpected situation. "I'm not sure I know what you mean, Balthazar."

"I'll be honest, I half-expected you to quit when you heard Bedeze was maneuvering against me. Are you sticking it out to see what happens or are you hoping he'll employ you if he takes over? I'm not trying to accuse you of anything. I'm just curious."

Her eyes narrowed. "It certainly feels like an accusation." She held the expression for a moment before sighing. "But I suppose I can understand you might be worried that I would rather see your uncle in charge. In short, no. I do not want Bedeze Abaddon to take over your business."

"Do you mind if I ask why?"

"He's an asshole, for one."

I audibly snorted at that, drawing a smile from Latia.

"For the more logical reasons," she continued. "I know that you have full control of everything he would need in order to take over. Everything would be closed down in a month. It would not reflect well on me to be seen as part of that sinking ship."

"You could leave. I've checked around on the Devil Net. No one looks too favorably on my chances. Most of the betting I've seen has all been centered around how long it will take Bedeze to defeat me and the order in which my peerage will be eliminated. No one would think less of you for ditching a sinking ship."

Latia pursed her lips, looking at me intently. "I don't think this is a sinking ship. I think you are far too calm to be in as much trouble as everyone seems to think you are. As ironic as it is for a devil to say this, I guess you could say I'm taking a leap of faith. If you win, I want to be on your side so I can benefit from your success. I'll continue working for you and supporting you so that you do the same for me."

"You're being very open about that."

"There's no reason for me not to be. I have very little to lose and everything to gain. At worst, Bedeze defeats you and I leave before he takes control. At best, you beat Bedeze and all of the work I've put in here while you were off training will be rewarded."

"Either way you win." I said, smiling.

She nodded. "If my reasoning is too selfish for you, you are welcome to terminate my employment."

"Serving your own interests isn't a fireable offense. Just don't serve your own interests to my detriment or the detriment of mine."

"Of course not. Harming you will indirectly harm me. Now, I am sorry to cut this conversation short, but I still have work to do today."

"I need to get going as well. Thanks for entertaining my curiosity, Latia."

"You are welcome."

I stepped aside so she could enter the office then left while she was storing the papers. I didn't have anything of true value in there for her to mess with, and I felt I had a better measure of the woman after that brief exchange.

She wanted something out of this job that would benefit herself. She wasn't so loyal that she would take a bullet for me, but she didn't need to be. She just needed to not stab me in the back. I felt I could trust her with that much. I'd play the rest by ear.

I left my office behind, heading down the hall to the opposite end of the building. I paused outside a door, hearing quietly conversing voices inside. I knocked. Conversation halted.

The door swung inward. Magdaran poked his head through the opening, smiling. "It's good to see you, Bal. Thanks for coming. I know you're busy right now with your preparations." He shook my hand and stepped to the side, inviting me into his office.

"We're making good progress, and everyone deserved a day off." I turned to the room's other occupant. "It's good to see you, Sairaorg."

"You too, Bal." Sairaorg said standing up from the chair he'd been seated in. "How are things going? You don't have much time left."

"Sai," Magdaran said, frowning at Sairaorg. "Give him a minute to get settled before the interrogation begins."

I smiled, waving Magdaran off. "Don't worry about it. We're doing well. I'm feeling very confident." I slowly looked between them. "How are you two doing?"

They shared a look. Conversation stalled for a moment.

I hadn't left my lands since my peerage had begun training. I'd exchanged texts and calls with Serafall and spoke with my sister through Holes, but that was the extent of my outside interaction.

Kuisha had told me Sairaorg and Magdaran had got lunch together when I'd contacted her to tell her I'd recruited a new Rook. She said the meeting had gone well enough and that she was hopeful, then she'd started brainstorming ideas for how I could get out of my Rating Game with Bedeze.

I understood why she was concerned. She didn't know how strong my peerage was. She didn't know the things Aqua and Matatabi had done for me to make me more of a threat. I'd considered telling her, but she'd see it soon enough in the Rating Game. Despite the fact I understood her concerns, I couldn't help the minor annoyance I felt every time she tried to convince me to stand down and try to get out of the Rating Game. Sure, she didn't know I had cards up my sleeve, but she could have tried to be a little more supportive.

I hadn't talked to Kuisha much after that conversation because I was tired of hearing her try to 'reason' with me. As a result, I didn't know how Magdaran and Sairaorg's meetings had progressed. Considering I'd gotten a letter yesterday signed by both of them asking to meet, things were likely going well enough.

"We're doing good." Sairaorg said after a moment. "We've still got some things to work out, but that's not why we're here."

I followed Magdaran into his office, he motioned for me to sit and we all took our seats.

"I talked to our ancestor." Magdaran said. "The short summary is that there's no help coming from him. He expressed interest in seeing how you conduct yourself in the Rating Game and potentially reaching out to you after its conclusion, but he has no interest in stopping it."

"He likely sees it as a chance to test the younger generation of pure devils." Sairaorg said, a bitter frown on his face. "This isn't the first time he's taken an interest in events like this."

"I appreciate you trying all the same. You don't need to worry about me though. We'll be alright." I said.

Sairaorg studied me for a moment. "I can see you're confident, but Bedeze has been doing this for a long time. All of my Rating Game experience is in the lower brackets. I've been keeping Regulus and the axe a secret until I manage to recruit a full peerage, so I haven't been able to face stronger opponents. Even in the lower brackets there are a lot of strong devils. Your uncle is ranked third across the board. You're no pushover, Bal, but you're outnumbered and facing an opponent with the same inherited power as you who has had a longer life to grow in strength. Things don't look good from the outside."

"Kuisha's already given me the third-degree, Sai."

Sairaorg held his hands up placatingly. "I know. She's very vocal about how you refuse to listen to her. I'm not trying to convince you to change your mind. I'm here to try to help."

"We both are." Magdaran said. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small slip of folded paper. He unfolded in and looked at it. With what seemed like a physical effort, he pulled his gaze off the paper and held it out to me.

I took the paper and read the contents. It was a name and an address.

"Jeremy Soule?" I said, looking between them in confusion.

"I've been trying to find good prospects for my peerage for some time now." Magdaran said. "I've fallen well behind you and Sai in that regard. After Sai and I started talking again, he introduced me to his peerage. Regulus and I talked for a while. Reuniting with Coal made him think about the rest of his family. He asked me to use my influence as Heir Bael to help him look for them. Like him and Coal, most of those who were slain were bound to Sacred Gears."

I looked back down at the name Magdaran had just given me. "What Sacred Gear does Jeremy Soule have?"

"Golden Bounty. Due to the nature of the Sacred Gear, he was very easy to find. I'm still trying to locate the others."

I frowned. "I'm not the most knowledgeable about Sacred Gears. What is that?"

"It grants the user eternal youth and vitality and lets them create golden apples they can distribute to heal others. The apples aren't as potent as the ones they're based on, but there's a large market in the supernatural for them given how rare tradable healing effects are." Sairaorg said. "Ladon, The Hundred-Headed Dragon is sealed inside of the Sacred Gear."

"The man who holds the Gear is…difficult." Magdaran said, frustrated. "I've already approached him, but it did not go well. He is well over two-hundred years old and enjoys a lavish, hedonistic lifestyle. Hell would suit him well, but he would not even allow me to try to convince him. I planned to return, but you need help right now. I can afford to wait. Your remaining Rook should be sufficient to reincarnate him, willing or otherwise."

"Willing would be preferable." Sairaorg added, shooting Magdaran a look.

"You did not have the displeasure of speaking to him, Sai."

"You're giving me a peerage recruit just like that?" I looked between them, shocked. Did they really not have an angle here?

"You're our friend, Bal. You need help." Magdaran said sincerely, like that was all the motivation he needed.

I was genuinely touched. I hadn't thought either of them thought so well of me that they would do something like this for me.

"Thank you. This is… I'm at a loss for words here. Still–"

"Hold on, we're not done yet." Sairaorg said. He sighed, running a hand through his hair. "There's not much I can do to help you train to Bedeze's level in a month, but I can help you with your numbers problem. Kuisha told me you still have unused Bishops and a Rook. I discussed it with my peerage. Ladora and Corianna are both willing to let me trade them to you for the duration of the Rating Game so they can help you. They are very insistent that you trade them back to me afterwards, though."

Once more, I was at a loss for words. A devil's peerage was a reflection of their power and standing. Many treated their peerage as another thing they owned, but I knew for a fact that Sairaorg didn't. That just made this offer all the more surprising. He said he'd discussed this with them. There were likely members who'd said no to the idea and he was respecting their wishes.

Still, the fact that he was offering this to begin with was absurd by devil standards. You didn't give away your peerage to let them fight someone else's battle. It just wasn't done.

"Sai, Mag, thank you both. I am honestly so caught off guard by your offers that I don't know what to do. In the future at least." I folded the paper back up and held it out to Magdaran. "I'll pay you both back for this. Your willingness to go so far to help me is greatly appreciated. With that being said, I must respectfully decline your help."

Sairaorg shook his head. "Bal, I know it might seem weird, but they've both improved significantly. They can help you."

"I have full confidence in their ability to fight Bedeze. That isn't why I'm refusing. Trust me when I say that my peerage as it is will annihilate Bedeze's. I'll give you guys front row seats for their destruction." I looked at Magdaran. "What piece were you intending to use on the guy with Ladon's Sacred Gear?"

"I…" Magdaran sighed. "I offered him my Queen. I don't plan on participating in many Rating Games. He is more interesting to me as a source of Golden Apples. I believe I could do a lot with renewable access to them."

"Gotcha. Thanks again for the offer. I'll figure out some way to repay you, Sai. I have an idea of how to return the favor to you, Mag, but it will have to wait until after the Rating Game."

"Bal, please consider it for a moment." Magdaran said.

"I have. I'm grateful, truly, but I know my peerage is up to the challenge as it is now."

Sairaorg watched me for a moment with pursed lips. Finally, he shook his head, standing. "I can see we're not going to change your mind. You're confident. Like me. I know how strong my peerage is. Others whisper about our lack of strength, but I've never truly shown anyone what we're capable of. I assume it's the same for you?"

I stood up with him. "It is."

Sairaorg sighed. "I trust your judgement. I just hope you aren't overestimating yourself. Strong though my peerage is, I don't think we would be able to beat Bedeze. Maybe after I find the rest of my pieces, but not now."

"I'm not. I don't mean any disrespect, but if our two peerages were to fight right now, you'd lose." I said matter-of-factly.

Sairaorg grinned. "I'll be watching your fight with Bedeze. If you beat him, I'm expecting you to schedule a spar with my peerage."

"Sounds like fun. I'm in."

Magdaran stood, a complicated expression on his face. "If you change your mind and decide you want help, we'll be here."

"Thank you. I don't mean to leave so abruptly, but I need to continue preparing for the Rating Game."

Sairaorg waved off my apology. "Go. I'm looking forward to seeing what cards you've got up your sleeve. It should be an interesting match."

I smiled. "You have no idea." A Hole appeared behind me, pulling me away.


X


Latia Astaroth meticulously went about her work. A scribbled signature there. A stamp there. Tear up this absurd request from an arrogant peon. She had not been employed at Bael and Abaddon Trading Co. for long, but she'd already fallen into a comfortable rhythm. She enjoyed working here. When she'd initially sought out employment, her motivations had been to set a groundwork for her future. The plan had been to spend a decade or so gathering experience here before moving onto the next project. That plan was slowly changing.

From a young age, Latia knew she wouldn't be handed everything. Her childhood was far from trying. Branch member of not, she was still an Astaroth. One who had Agares blood to boot. She wanted for nothing and received the best education possible. Still, she was a branch member of her family. Her name would allow her to live comfortably, but she wanted more.

Diodora was an asshole. Latia had never gotten along with him. In order to live under the Astaroth's protection in the future, she would have to bend the knee to the depraved Astaroth heir. She had no desire to do so. He had offered her a place in his peerage once many years ago. When she'd refused, he'd dealt with her refusal by enslaving yet another of the church's holy women. He was quite proud of his 'collection'. Latia held no love for the church, but why go through the effort of training loyalty into a hostile entity when death is simpler? The answer was simple. Dioroda had a fetish, one he had allowed to dominate his life. He selected his peerage members, people who would serve as his attendants for eternity, based off of whether or not he wanted to fuck them. It was pathetic.

Latia could not see a future for herself serving her house if it meant serving Diodora. Even had she not wanted to forge her own path, she would have needed to if for no other reason than to avoid his yoke.

Her prospects were slim. She was a lesser Pillar Noble. Her nobility closed as many doors to her as it opened. Rare were the low-born powers that were willing to take her in. They feared retaliation from the Astaroth Pillar should misfortune befall her. She couldn't blame them for their caution, but it infuriated her all the same.

Pillar ventures were similarly difficult to attach herself to. Why hire on Latia when they could rely on their own family and the minor noble houses already subservient to them?

Bael and Abaddon Trading Co. had been the answer she'd sought. It was common knowledge among the nobility that Zekram Bael believed in letting the Bael heirs prove themselves on their own. Despite what Lord Bael would have the Underworld believe, Zekram still controlled the Bael Pillar. Latia knew Magdaran would not have his family's oversight in his business. Similarly, Balthazar Abaddon was a relative unknown. He came from a respected family, but had little else to his name.

Latia saw the opportunity to build her own reputation up alongside theirs and took it. She could work closely with the Bael Heir and potentially make him an ally. She'd crossed paths with Magdaran in the past. He'd been shy, but Latia had never thought he was weak. She originally thought she could use the chance to get to know him better. She would not seek out anything further than an alliance, but she would be amenable to something developing. What girl born in the Underworld didn't fantasize about becoming Lady Bael at one point in their youth?

She began working with Balthazar and Magdaran. Magdaran was nice enough, but he was absolutely absorbed in his botany. His passion for plants was endearing, but also all-encompassing. Latia wondered if even the most ambitious young noble women would be able to draw the Bael Heir's eye. No, surprising herself, Latia found her interest taken with the company's other owner.

Latia knew nothing about Balthazar Abaddon prior to hearing of his joint venture with Magdaran. He was a complete unknown. Even after working for him, she'd learned much less than she would have expected. Balthazar held his cards to his chest. The greater Underworld was still at a complete loss about what to think of him. Latia herself didn't know what to think about him. She would see him in the office frequently, but that stopped after the Rating Game announcement.

It was big news. The Devil Net was still talking about it. Bedeze was a beloved member of the Rating Game circuit, but even discounting that, a young noble had just challenged the sitting head for the heirship. In combat no less. Whatever the official, technical position was, the Underworld viewed this as Balthazar challenging Lord Abaddon for his lordship. Of course they would be interested in what would happen. No lord had been usurped like this since the days of the Civil War. No one expected Balthazar to succeed, but the challenge alone was noteworthy.

Latia though… She wasn't so sure. Balthazar just seemed so confident. She hadn't met much of his peerage. Her only interactions with them had been the few times Caster had come to the office to deliver products she had made or to eat lunch with him. The two of them clearly cared about each other. At first, Latia thought that his feelings for her were why he chose her as his Queen. The skeletons and items she made were impressive, but craftsmen of her skill were rarely strong combatants.

Then Latia saw the broadcast. She hadn't watched Bedeze's confrontation with Balthazar live. Like many, she had watched the clips taken from the livestream and distributed throughout the Devil Net.

The feed was spotty. The camera panned up to the ceiling and stayed there. Grunting and channeled magic could be heard before the feed cut out. Commenters online speculated about what had happened. Latia wasn't sure herself, but she had her own guess. She had never seen Caster so enraged as she was moments before the camera's view was lost. Maybe she could do more than make the skeletons and create magical items. If she could do more, why not the rest of Balthazar's peerage?

Diodora chose his peerage to slake his lust. Latia now suspected Balthazar carefully selected his peerage to be able to face his uncle. Whether he'd planned this or not she couldn't say. It was interesting though. Latia would keep working at Bael and Abaddon Trading Co. When the Rating Game took place, she would watch with rapt attention.

She had a feeling about Balthazar. She wanted to know if she was right.


X


"It's already done, Ajuka." Serafall said tiredly. They'd been talking in circles for the last ten minutes now. She understood the man's concerns, but the matter was firmly out of her hands now.

"That child has made a mistake. As the adult, the Satan who was charged with overseeing him, it fell to you to show him the proper course." Ajuka argued.

Sirzechs stepped between them. "Ajuka, Serafall already explained herself."

"I heard her reasons. I do not accept them. The boy did not want to be subservient to us? Then perhaps he should not have made himself an indispensable asset. When Bedeze defeats him, he will gain control of all of Balthazar's resources. We must prevent this from happening."

"Ajuka," Serafall said slowly. "I understand you want his materials, but you can't–"

"When Bedeze wins, who do you think will truly have control? Bedeze, strong though he may be, is just another of Zekram's pawns. The Great King faction has been seeking advantages over us for decades now. You've just delivered one into their lap."

"Ajuka," Sirzechs said, face stern. "That's enough."

Ajuka turned to Sirzechs, frowning. "You can stop this as well, Sirzechs. The Rating Game can't go through if you prevent it."

"Interfere with a noble house's personal dispute?" Serafall said. "Because that won't cause problems for us."

"It is better than the alternative. Losing the–"

"Oh for the love of… Zekram won't get the mines, Ajuka!" Serafall had had enough of this. She knew Ajuka had been interested in the materials Balthazar had supplied her, but she hadn't thought the normally cold, calculating man would be this invested in securing them.

"How can you be sure?"

"I didn't want Bedeze getting his hands on them either. Bal agreed to give me the locations before the fight. If Bedeze beats him, we'll be able to take the mines first."

Ajuka's furious frown thinned into the inexpressive line she was so used to seeing. "Why did you not simply tell me that? I will need to make preparations. As soon as Balthazar gives you the locations we will need to secure them."

Serafall's eyebrows furrowed. "We'll secure them if Balthazar loses."

"I must concur with Ajuka." Falbium spoke for the first time. He'd been seated at the table, but he had yet to make his opinion known, content until now to observe. "It would be a disaster if they fell into the wrong hands. We will need to move as soon as possible to prevent Bedeze from using Hole to acquire the sights before us. This is an advantage we must secure for ourselves before our enemies can acquire it."

"If Balthazar loses, I will give you the locations. That's the best you're getting." Serafall said, standing up and turning to the door.

"Serafall!"

Serafall ignored Sirzechs calling out to her. A teleportation circle whisked her away.

The Leviathan fell heavily into her desk chair, staring up at the ceiling.

That boy was going to be the death of her. She'd known Balthazar less than a year and he'd already given her headache after headache. The Red Dragon Emperor wasn't enough. Mithril wasn't enough. Adamantium wasn't enough. Apparently knowing the location of the White Dragon Emperor wasn't enough. No, he'd also gone and reincarnated Medea of Colchis and a slew of other people that would probably make her want to tear her hair out when she learned their names. His vague warning and requests regarding the Rating Game's 'aftermath' had nearly driven her to block his phone number in a bout of spite. And now Balthazar wasn't even here but he was still causing her to fight with her fellow Satans. Disagreements and quarrels weren't uncommon among her colleagues, but they were typically over topics more substantial than a Rating Game of all things.

Serafall rubbed her forehead, feeling another headache coming on. "You better fucking win, barbel. Kick Bedeze in the dick once or twice for me, would you?"
Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Potato Nose, Norego and 2,141 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Feb 15, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 17
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Feb 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,695
Rating Games were a fairly new thing on the scale of how long devils had been around, but they'd already been woven into the very foundations of our society. They were a testing ground. They were entertainment. They were a substitute for civil war. They were a breeding ground for camaraderie and mutual growth. All of this and more.

Rating Games took various forms, involving various matchups. Depending on the fight, the Rating Game could draw a crowd as small as a few viewers to so large the entire Underworld tuned in. My match with Bedeze didn't pull that large of an audience, but I was already breaking records for the most viewers watching a debut match.

The arena was packed. The stands and boxes were both filled with spectators. Bedeze was popular, and his fans had come out in force, wearing merchandise and carrying banners showing their support of my opponent.

The design of the arena was simple. Picture a mixture of a football stadium and a coliseum. The seats sit in a circle around the field below with magical projections spread through the air to give different angles on the action. The battle itself wouldn't actually take place in the stadium, but people still came to get the true experience.

No, we would not fight on the small field below. The Rating Game system had been designed by some of the brightest minds in the Underworld. Each match took place inside a bounded arena similar to a pocket dimension. The arena could be shaped to whatever specifications the designers chose, expanding and shrinking as needed. For this match, the arena would be large. Perhaps the size of a city, perhaps the size of a country. We would be fighting for a full day in a simulated war. I couldn't know for sure the terrain, but it would be vast.

The field created by the Rating Game system also locked the contestants away from reality. They could not summon outside help nor bring anything they could not carry with them. When a peerage member sustained sufficient damage to threaten their life, the Rating Game system would retire them, pulling them to safety where the healers waited to save their lives.

An announcer was screaming into a microphone, drawing cheers from the crowd as the time drew closer. On the displays, highlights from Bedeze's previous matches played in slow motion. On one, an entire Peerage was enveloped in a Hole's explosion. On another, Runa stabbed her spear through her opponent's throat moments before he was retired. On and on the replays went. There was no film of me. But then, there wouldn't be. This was my debut after all.

"Are you ready, Balthazar?" Medea asked quietly, standing at my side as we looked down over the arena.

When asked where I wanted my peerage's headquarters to be set up, I'd chosen one of the VIP boxes above the arena. When this was over, I wanted to be able to see the reactions of the people below with my own eyes.

"I am. Are you?"

Medea's fingers wove through mine. "I am eager."

"We're finally pulling the curtain back, huh?"

"It was inevitable. This way, we do it on our terms."

"Have I told you recently that I'm glad you're my Queen?"

"You have, but it bears repeating."

"I'm glad you're my Queen." I pulled her against me, stealing her lips in a chaste kiss. I pressed my forehead into hers as I pulled back. "Let's go."

Together, we walked to the room adjoined to the viewing suite. Everyone looked up as we entered.

Aqua had donned her armor. Her sword was sheathed at her side, but I doubted it would see much use given our intended plan.

Shang Tsung too wore armor, though his was far lighter. Yellow pauldrons sat atop a coat of mithril. A straight, thin-bladed sword rested at his waist. Bladed claws were affixed to his forearms.

Coal had refused armor when offered. He wore a pair of blue pants with no shirt, revealing tattoos of golden bands across his chest and upper arms. The only addition to his appearance was an amethyst earring in his right ear. There was an eager grin on his face.

Matatabi had also refused armor. She stood before us in her devil form garbed in a violet kimono. Two flaming cat tails drifted behind her. Feline ears sat atop her head.

"Is everyone ready?" I asked.

Coal chuckled. "We've been over the plan a hundred times, master. We're ready."

"It is as the dragon says. We are prepared." Shang Tsung said, an eager grin on his face.

A spell circle flared on the wall. We were about to be transported to the arena.

I pulled a slip of paper out of my pocket. Scribbled on the paper were latitude and longitude coordinates. I'd told Serafall I would give these to her. She didn't know that the coordinates were for different planets though. I dropped it through a Hole. Another spell circle encompassed the entirety of the room. We were swept away.

"Caster."

"Yes, master." Medea said immediately, floating to the ground and sitting. A vibrant violet magic circle spread out from her as she began her work. A small Hole opened next to her, granting her access to a pocket dimension filled with energy. Each of us had contributed power to the pocket dimension over the two months we had spent preparing. Medea had a veritable ocean of demonic power to work with.

We would be fighting a war against Bedeze here. I expected us to be able to overpower his peerage, but I would not let arrogance prevent us from winning. We needed a headquarters to operate out of. It would take Medea out of combat for at least an hour even burning through our stored power at an absurd rate, but letting her create a territory in this place was worth the trade.

Shadowy, translucent ravens and cats sped away from Medea in all directions. Even as she focused on the task of creating our safe haven, she coordinated her familiars to act as scouts. Some of her familiars darted through Holes I opened at random intervals around the arena to help her spread her influence. Spell circles flared to life around her head, orbiting around her as she continued to scry the terrain around us.

As Medea worked, I looked up at our surroundings. We were standing in a flat plain. Tall grass rose all around us. There was a forest to our front and rolling hills to our rear. Off in the distance beyond the forest was a tall mountain. The mountain and hills blocked my view of everything else. It was possible this battlefield extended beyond my sight, but I couldn't know for sure without information from Medea's scouts and scryings. She would need some time yet to gather more information.

"I am done, my lord." Shang Tsung said. With Medea focused on creating her territory, Shang Tsung had been in charge of layering illusory protections over us to disguise our location.

"Good." I opened a dozen Holes around us. Purple skeletons emerged from the Holes, hauling building materials with them and gathering around Medea, already starting to construct a basic fortification. It would not be a castle. It would be shabby and finished in an hour, but it would give Medea's magic something tangible to infuse itself into, strengthening her protections.

More Holes opened around us. Mystical metal machines of varying sizes stomped into the plains around us, forming a rough perimeter; the culmination of Shang Tsung and Medea's successful efforts over the last two months.

"Coal, Matatabi, guard Caster."

"I already know my role." Matatabi said, walking, dignified over to Medea. She sat on the ground behind her, facing the opposite direction.

Coal gave me a two finger salute and started walking the perimeter set up by the metal armors.

"Aqua, scout a rough perimeter until Caster's familiars can explore the arena. Make sure there are no attacks incoming. If you make contact, look for an opening. If you can't find one, return. There's no use in letting yourself be overwhelmed so early in the fight."

"Take care, everyone." Aqua said. Her body bled shadows, falling apart in clumps until she morphed into a blob of darkness. She remained a moment more before vanishing.

"Shang Tsung–"

"I also know my role, my lord." Shang Tsung said with a grin. "We have planned extensively."

I returned his grin. "I suppose we have. Shang Tsung, promote to Queen."

A euphoric gasp slipped past the sorcerer's lips as power exploded out of him. His eyes were literally shining when he looked up at me.

"Stay alive."

Shang Tsung chuckled. "It is not I you should worry about, my lord, but them."

A Hole swallowed him.

I took a deep breath, turning to face the horizon. My pieces were in place. It was Bedeze's move now.

The Rating Game had begun.


X


Bedeze Abaddon stared out over the field. It hadn't been ten minutes since his peerage had been transported into the arena. Even still, he was surprised his peerage had not already engaged with Balthazar's.

"Edward, Agatha, anything?"

His two Bishops knelt on the ground behind him, the wind tossing their hair about their shoulders. Magic circles drifted through the air around them. Red circles covered them in protective magics. Blue circles pulsed with power that seeped into the air, seeking out their enemy.

"Nothing yet, my lord." Agatha said, the crone clutched a bone talisman attached to a cord around her neck. Her eyes were glowing a sky blue as she peered through her scryings.

"Alert me immediately when you discover them." Bedeze ordered, leaving his Bishops behind to join his Queen at the cliff.

Moments after entering the arena, Bedeze had spotted the large mountain located in the battleground's center. Upon seeing the mountain, Bedeze had instantly transported his peerage to its peak with a Hole. The mountain's high vantage would allow his peerage to spot assaults coming from all directions. The mountain would be difficult to assault. The cave they'd discovered would make it all the more difficult to fight them here.

Bedeze had thought Balthazar would come to the same conclusion he had. He'd been prepared to sacrifice a number of his Pawns to chip away at Balthazar's forces and drive them away from the mountain. He needn't have bothered. Balthazar did not come to the mountain. Despite his bastard nephew's age, Bedeze had been taking preparations for this battle seriously. As seriously as he did any Rating Game of lesser importance at any rate.

Bedeze did not expect Balthazar to field anything that could conceivably beat him, but he did expect a surprise or two. Still, he had clearly overestimated his nephew. Perhaps Balthazar did not appreciate the type of Rating Game he had been drawn into. In a One Day War, fortifying a fallback location was of paramount importance. The greatest place for such a fortification in this arena was the mountain Bedeze had claimed. Any peon with a semblance of military knowledge would know that high ground and natural barriers served as wonderful places to erect fortifications. Balthazar had not even made an attempt to take this territory.

"Anything?" Bedeze asked, stepping up next to his Queen, his Valkyrie, his demigoddess.

Runa shook her head. "I cannot sense them. They are too far."

Bedeze looked out into the distance. The mountain's vantage let him see to the very edge of the arena. The faintest trace of the red energy barrier at the ends of this world could be seen at the horizon so far away. Encased within that dome was a vast land with varying terrain. Rocky outcroppings surrounded the mountain's immediate vicinity, giving way to greenery. Forests and plains intermingled. An expansive bog spread out in one direction. There was no shortage of trees and hills, limiting the sightlines granted by the mountain.

"We should send scouts to the forests." Runa advised. "If they were in the plains, we would know. They must be hiding somewhere we cannot see."

Bedeze nodded. He had reached the same conclusion. "Matthew, take your team to the bog. Ami, the dense forest with the thicker trees. Patricia, the more sparse forest with the aspens. Inform me of your findings." The pendant Bedeze wore around his neck shined with power. Matching pendants worn around the necks of the members of his peerage glowed in response. The amulets were fairy-made. Each one had cost Bedeze a small fortune.

With the amulets, Bedeze could track the positions of the members of his peerage and communicate with them whenever he so desired. The moment any of them came under attack, he would be able to open a Hole to their location to send reinforcements or allow them to retreat as needed. The amulets were an investment that had paid for itself time and again as the ease of coordination allowed him to win Rating Game after Rating Game.

This was why he had selected One Day War. He had the numbers advantage over Balthazar's meager peerage. His servants were experienced. His tactics were clearly superior to Balthazar's own. Each of his Knights had been trained to command a small team of his Pawns. In Rating Games past, having effective small teams to deal with certain tasks had proved a necessity. His servants were skilled in their teams. He had confidence in their abilities.

Despite his irritating nephew's bravado when they'd last crossed paths, he, Bedeze Abaddon, was the more experienced and powerful party. He would not be defeated by a petulant child.

"I can join the search, my lord." Runa suggested.

"No," Bedeze denied. "I do not expect much from Balthazar, but I will not be caught in a trap. We have a full day to destroy him. Let us ascertain his whereabouts first. I need you, Jean and Seria to remain here with Agatha, Edward and myself. So long as we control the mountain, we control the battlefield."

Bedeze would not commit his Bishops to an open engagement when they were his easiest means of locating Balthazar. Similarly, he would hold his Rooks in reserve because he was confident in their ability to hold this mountain on their own, let alone with their strength combined. His Knights were fast, mobile. If it came to it, his Pawns knew to sacrifice themselves to damage the enemy and allow the Knights to flee. Even if Matthew and Ami fell, so long as they took even one of Balthazar's pieces with them it would be a worthy trade. Balthazar's peerage held a mere six members. Faced with Bedeze's full peerage of sixteen Rating Game veterans, the result of this match was a foregone conclusion. It was only a matter of how Balthazar's pieces would be retired.

"Balthazar spotted! He is in the forest!"

As one, Bedeze and Runa snapped to look down at their necklaces. Ami's voice had just called to them through the paired pendants all members of his peerage wore during Rating Games.

"The rest of his peerage?" Bedeze inquired.

"Absent. He is alone, my lord!" Ami yelled back. The sound of battle could be heard around her.

Bedeze's eyes narrowed.

Balthazar was not a cunning strategist, but Bedeze did not think the boy was a complete fool. Why then would he scout alone?

In a One Day War Rating Game, there were only two conditions where the match would conclude. The first and most common in the rare cases where these games had been held was for the time to expire. The two sides would clash again and again until one King was routed and forced to flee and hide for the remainder of the match. The second condition was if a King was retired. In the event that the enemy King was retired, the match would end in an immediate victory.

Bedeze did not believe Balthazar was a fool, so why was his bastard nephew alone in the forest? Did his peerage lack the ability to scout on their own? Was he forced to rely on Hole to gather information?

"My lord, we must capitalize on this." Runa urged at his side.

"He will flee the moment we arrive." Bedeze knew well what Hole was capable of. Balthazar would be able to use it to flee the moment he felt truly threatened.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Pawn retired."

Bedeze frowned as the announcement was made, echoing around the arena. That would leave Ami and two Pawns against Balthazar.

"Who fell?" Bedeze asked.

"Denise!" Ami's voice called back. She was breathing heavily. "A flaming skull hit her in the neck before she could erect a barrier."

Bedeze came to a decision. If nothing else, chasing Balthazar around would serve to exhaust his nephew.

"Jean, Seria, hold this position." Bedeze commanded his Rooks. When he received affirmations, he opened a Hole.

Bedeze and Runa appeared directly behind Ami. When the green-haired woman realized the presence of her King, Ami motioned to Bedeze's two remaining Pawns. They regrouped, forming up defensively around Bedeze. Runa had summoned her armor and weapons. Her shield was held up in front of Bedeze protectively.

Bedeze frowned as he looked through the trees. Splinters of exploded bark littered the forest floor. The soil was upheaved where spells and weapons had struck the earth. Floating above the destruction, his wings spread wide behind his back was the source of all of Bedeze's recent troubles.

"Nephew," Bedeze said, a disappointed tone to his voice. "I expected better from you. If you wished to retire from our game so early, why challenge me to a Rating Game in the first place? We could have settled this far more simply without the interference from our peerages."

Balthazar smiled, wide and cruel. "Where would be the fun in that?"

Bedeze's eyes narrowed. This was a side of his nephew he had yet to see. Was Balthazar one of those types to lose themself in battle? Perhaps he had taken the boy too seriously. He could have left his peerage on the mountain if Balthazar wanted to settle this one on one.

"If this is how you wish for things to end, then I will oblige you." Bedeze had hoped to make Balthazar's defeat more humiliating, but a One Day War that lasted less than ten minutes should be humiliating enough.

A large Hole opened up behind Balthazar, positively crackling with power. A Hole opened around Balthazar, but it was not fast enough to allow him to completely escape the blast.

Trees were torn from their roots under the force of Bedeze's attack. A meager taste of what he was truly capable of. With this stupid ploy, Balthazar had proven he was not worthy of anything more.

Balthazar tumbled out of the Hole he'd fled through. His body careened into the ground a fair distance away. Smoke drifted up from his ruined clothes. Limbs were bent at unnatural angles. Truly, Bedeze had been expecting better. Was Balthazar's Queen the only secret to his success? This was pathetic, undeserving of the name Abaddon. Balthazar did not deserve the Queen. Edward had been disappointing him of late. Perhaps once Balthazar was disgraced, he would take the Queen as his new Bishop.

"Await the true lord of your house beyond the arena." Bedeze said coldly. Another Hole opened directly above Balthazar.

A shockwave swept through the space as the Hole detonated.

"That was terribly disappointing." Bedeze said as he waited for the announcement of Balthazar's loss. Any moment now he would be transported from the arena.

"I concur."

Bedeze's head snapped towards the voice.

Emerging from the smoke left in the wake of Bedeze's attack was a man who assuredly was not his nephew. A black-haired young man with golden tattoos dotting his body walked boldly forward. Golden energy shone bright from the many wounds in his body as they mended themselves before Bedeze's eyes.

Ami and Runa dashed in front of him protectively, brandishing their weapons at this figure who was not his nephew.

"Who are you?" Bedeze demanded.

The small man began to chuckle. Green mist-like energy shimmered along his body. Bedeze watched as the body of the man changed before his eyes. He grew taller. His skin tone altered. His form donned yellow and silver armor.

"My lord sends his regards." a cruel voice said from curled lips. In a green flash, the body of the man shifted once more. A female now stood before him wreathed in blue flames. With a feline roar, the flame exploded in all directions. Trees were set alight as an azure volcano erupted.

Runa stepped forward. Golden energy gathered around her shield, expanding outward in a magical bastion that absorbed the flames, deflecting them away from Bedeze and his present peerage.

"We should regroup, my lord." Runa called. Maintaining the shield was no strain for her, but Bedeze concurred with her position. He had not expected this. They needed to assess this unexpected enemy.

A Hole opened behind the group. They backed towards it together. They did not make it.

The shapeshifter who had turned into a living flame had stolen their attention. Bedeze Abaddon was on guard, but it had not occurred to him to fear the shadows themselves.

While the shapeshifter spoke his theatrics, a point of darkness slunk along the forest floor, unnoticed by the arrogant Abaddon and his overzealous peerage. The shadow had been lying in wait, seeking its chance.

As Bedeze stepped back towards his Hole, he did not see the shadow rapidly rise out of the ground, coalescing into a bipedal form. He did not see the flash of silver energy that heralded the arrival of its weapon. He did not see as the beam of golden light lanced towards him from the tip of a misshapen key.

Bedeze Abaddon felt something impact his shoulder. The impact was insignificant. He had weathered far worse. Bedeze heard a sound like a deadbolt latching. Bedeze Abaddon, true Lord of the House of Abaddon gasped in shock, clutching at his chest as he blindly stumbled backwards towards the safety of his Hole. Something was wrong.

He kept stumbling. His Hole was gone.

"My lord!" Runa cried, panic writ on her face.

Bedeze followed the path of the golden lance of light back to its origin. The shadow had coalesced into a young woman with bleached blue hair. Shining silver armor donned her form. Her hands seemed as if they were made from tangible shadow. She held a weapon the likes of which he had never seen in her unnatural grasp. She was smirking victoriously.

Bedeze was enraged.

He thrust a hand towards the woman, willing a Hole filled to the brim with his power to turn her to dust.

No Hole manifested. He could not feel his power. Bedeze remembered this feeling. He was afflicted by it every time he'd fought him in a Rating Game. That accursed Belial, stealing away what made Bedeze special. This insignificant bitch had just done the same.

"Bedeze!" Runa cried.

Power erupted through the space, easily dwarfing the nova made by the shapeshifter. Runa's aura spread wide around her. Murder was in her eyes. With a thrust of her spear, she sent a beam of violet light towards the living flame.

The shapeshifter tried to dodge, but they were too slow. A screech of pain sounded from the fire. The volcanic eruption halted. Green energy flashed. The shapeshifter once more assumed the form of the young man with black hair. Golden light poured from a gaping hole in his chest, desperately knitting the wound back together as blood spurted out of his chest.

The blue-haired woman melded into shadow once more. She rose out of the shapeshifter's shadow. She wrapped her arms around him from behind and pulled him backwards. A large vortex shaped like a keyhole appeared behind them, whisking them away.

"Bedeze, are you–"

"Ami! Take Jean and go after them! Destroy that girl!" Bedeze growled. He grabbed Runa's hand. He had not expected Balthazar to have a Belial in his peerage. He hadn't even known there were any Belials who would accept a place in a peerage. He would have gladly traded Edward for that girl.

This changed things. He needed to eliminate that girl to regain his access to Hole. He could not do it himself. He was weakened without Hole and he would not risk an amateur attack spelling his end. Once his peerage retired the girl, he would rejoin the fight, but he could not risk himself now. Balthazar had gotten lucky once. Bedeze wouldn't give him a chance to be lucky twice.

"Castle!" Bedeze called, summoning a power he had rarely utilized.

Bedeze and Runa reappeared atop the mountain they had claimed as their stronghold. Bedeze's two Bishops and one of his Rooks were waiting for him there. The other Rook was gone. Jean was in the forest with Ami, having traded positions with his King.

Castling was a power available to all HIgh Class devils that possessed a peerage. When utilizing the ability, the King and another piece may trade places with one of the King's Rooks. Bedeze would need Runa to stay at his side now in case Balthazar tried to capitalize on his momentary weakness. He would have to let his Rook settle things with the girl.

His Rook and Knight would retire the Belial. Then, Bedeze would express his displeasure with his nephew in violence.

Bedeze touched the pendant around his neck, glaring hatefully into the distance from high atop the mountain. "Everyone be aware, Balthazar has a Belial in his peerage. Female. Blue Hair. She carries a strange sword. She has sealed my ability to use Hole. Eliminating her is our top priority. Matthew, Patricia, return to the mountain with your teams. I cannot reliably transport you anymore. We need to regroup. Jean, Ami, hunt that girl down and retire her. When she is dealt with and my power is restored, we will resume our search for Balthazar."

Several voices spoke through the amulet in quick succession as Bedee's servants voiced their compliance.

Bedeze had lost a single Pawn. Runa had dealt an assuredly fatal blow to one of Balthazar's pieces, though Bedeze could not be certain which piece the shapeshifter was. He would know when the announcement of their retirement soon came.

In the meantime, one of his Knights, his Rook and two Pawns were hunting the Belial girl. The remainder of his peerage would return to the mountain and fortify their position.

Balthazar had scored a single hit against him. Bedeze supposed that was commendable.

It would not happen again.


X


Medea frantically upended two vials, pouring their contents over the gaping wound in Shang Tsung's chest. Coal's healing wasn't working fast enough.

While he could assume our forms and copy our powers, Shang Tsung was far weaker than the original when using our borrowed strength. He would need to absorb us completely to steal our full strength. None of us were willing to part with our souls, so he had to make do with the lesser versions of our strength. The power he gained from promoting to Queen supercharged his copied abilities, but the Queen promotion was no longer active.

He still wore Coal's face. The healing ability he was copying was the only reason he had not already been retired. Whatever attack had hit him had removed a baseball-sized gap clear through his chest.

"I…struck a blow, my lord." Shang Tsung said through grit teeth.

I grabbed his grasping hand, clutching it tight as he grunted in pain.

"He gave me an opening to lock Bedeze's power. He can't use Hole anymore." Aqua said from where she stood behind us.

"Well done." I said, making eye contact with her before looking back down at Shang Tsung and giving his hand a squeeze. "Both of you did well."

"I…live to serve…my lord." Shang Tsung said through grit teeth.

"Is he going to be able to fight?" I asked Medea. If she couldn't heal him, I would forcibly retire him. There was no use in forcing him to continue if he was in this state.

"He–"

"No!" Shang Tsung hissed. "I… I will heal. Do not send me away. There is still…more I have to contribute."

I looked at Medea.

She pursed her lips, considering the gold light pouring out of the wound as she dumped another potion over it. "He will heal. He will need to recover before he fights again."

"Shang Tsung, you will remain in Caster's territory until she clears you to fight. You will do nothing but lie there and heal. Argue and I will retire you." I said, looking the man in the eye.

He nodded, sharp, relieved. "Thank you, my lord. I will–" He winced in pain. "I will wait."

Medea's head perked up, looking at something off in the distance the rest of us couldn't see. "There is a group approaching. They are spread out to investigate the land. They do not know we are here, but they are looking for us."

"How far away are they?"

"They are still several miles away. They are getting closer."

I considered our options for a moment. "I don't want us attacking them when they get closer. They'll know we're in this general area and organize their search to sniff us out." It was still too soon to reveal ourselves. The skeletons hadn't finished setting up our fortifications. Medea needed more time to properly empower her territory. Even burning through the power in my pocket dimension as she was, she needed more time.

"We need to lead them away, make them think that we're based somewhere else." I said.

"Leave it to me."

I looked up. Coal had joined us. There was an eager grin on his face.

"We've already discussed this, master. I'm the best choice for sustained engagements. They can't put me down."

I considered Coal for a moment. "Medea, how large is the group?"

"There are only four of them. A Rook, a Knight and two Pawns." Medea answered, her eyes still focused on the hole in Shang Tsung's chest. My Pawn was slowly healing, but he would still be down for a while.

"That's barely enough to give me a challenge, master. I'll be fine." Coal said, radiating confidence.

After a moment, I nodded. We needed to draw Bedeze's attention away from here until Medea's territory was set up and Shang Tsung was fully healed. "I'll drop you on the other side of the mountain with some of Caster's familiars. If you get into trouble, I'll send Matatabi to back you up."

Coal threw his head back and laughed. "Thank you, master! I will not fail you!"

I opened a Hole in front of him. Several spectral birds and cats flew through the Hole at Medea's direction moments before Coal stepped through himself.

"How much longer until your territory is set?" I asked.

"I will need another hour." Medea said.

"Coal can distract them for that long. If they send more pieces after him, we'll adapt. There might be an opening we can exploit if they send too many pieces against Coal." Bedeze's peerage outnumbered us. Each loss hurt us far more than it did him. Shang Tsung getting injured so quickly was not ideal, but Aqua had managed to pull him away before he could be retired. He would be able to fight again.

The trade for my Pawn being out of action for an hour? One of Bedeze's Pawns and his ability to use Hole. What I wouldn't give to be a fly on the wall in their headquarters right now. I could just imagine Bedeze seething. I'd watched many of his past Rating Games in preparation for this. I knew his tactics. He relied on Hole to move his peerage around the arena and outmaneuver his opponents. It was also his main avenue of personal attack. Aqua had just shredded his typical playbook.

He didn't know it yet, but this was the beginning of the end for Bedeze.


X


Coal's feet squelched into the ground as he stepped out of the Hole.

Frowning, he looked down. He was standing in a dank bog surrounded by gnarled trees and knee-high mist.

He grunted. "I would've preferred somewhere more flammable. I can make this work."

Coal rolled his arms, stretching them high above his head. He rolled his neck, limbering himself up to prepare for the fight to come.

"I'm sure there's a lot of commotion in Bedeze's camp right now and I'm sure it's very interesting, but I'm gonna have to ask you to spare me some attention right now." Coal spoke, his words not aimed at anyone in particular. Still, he knew he would be heard. The entire arena was covered in remote viewing spells. He was hoping they'd focus on him for the moment so he could say his piece. The people outside would be paying rapt attention to the arena after watching Aqua seal Bedeze's power.

Coal smirked. The girl did good. There were probably a lot of people on the outside shitting their pants right now at the thought of her little Keyblade. Or maybe not. Maybe they thought what she'd done was like that Worthless thing the Belials could do. They might think that Bedeze's present weakness was temporary.

They'd be wrong, but they couldn't have any way to know that. None of them had even heard the name 'Aqua' prior to today. They hadn't heard any of their names.

They'd hear them now. And they wouldn't forget.

"My name's Coal." Coal continued, bending down to touch his toes to limber up his legs. "Most of you will have no idea who I am. I don't really care about pride or prestige these days. The Hell I was trapped in did a good job of making all that shit seem pointless. No, I've got something else to say."

Coal spread his arms wide, taking a deep breath. When he exhaled, smoke shot out of his nostrils. "My name is Coal. I am Balthazar Abaddon's Pawn. Don't make problems, and I won't care about you one way or the other. But if you try to hurt my master or my friends like this pansy Bedeze…"

Coal glared at nothing. Muscles warped. Skin gave way to dark scales. Golden eyes shone bright and terrifying from behind a snout of razor-sharp teeth that growled out a low warning.

"Then I will show you the monster that caused Jason and his demigods to flee in terror."

His piece said, Coal flew straight up into the air. The bog was left behind him as he rose into the air. He floated in place, his body coiling around him as he roared in challenge.

The arena grew still in the wake of his challenge. Coal waited.

His sensitive ears heard a rush of air. Wings beating. There, a shape moving away from the mountain at speed. Tan fur, brown wings. A large lion's body propelled through the air on powerful wings. A sphinx. An old sphinx, easily the size of a small building. Large though it was, the sphinx could not match Coal's size.

Coal had seen recordings of Bedeze's Rating Games the same as the rest of Balthazar's peerage. He knew each member of the usurper's peerage. This sphinx was one of Bedeze's Rooks; Seria.

A screech reached Coal's ears. The sphinx was calling out in challenge.

Coal's thunderous roar met her call. He launched himself forward, flying fast, closing the distance to the sphinx.

They met in the air with a scattering of crimson. Seria's claws raked across Coal's body, tearing through his protective scales to the flesh below, carving deep gashes out of his body. Coal's teeth closed a moment too late to capture Seria's body, instead carving through her flank. The sphinx limped higher into the air, hoping to capitalize on a nonexistent advantage.

The surprised hiss as golden light healed Coal's injured in a moment was music to the dragon's ears.

Coal launched himself up after the sphinx. Seria rolled away, maneuvering herself into a dive, fleeing their confrontation.

"The dragon heals instantly!" Seria shouted ahead of him. "I need help!"

The Sphinx was injured. Coal was not.

Coal caught up to her, closing his jaws down around her wing.

Seria shrieked in pain. Her claws slashed into Coal, desperately flailing against him in an effort to dislodge the dragon. Coal weathered her assault without so much as a grimace. Seria's flailing may as well have been akin to a kitten swiping at him next to Regulus's blows.

Coal's serpentine body wound around the sphinx. Seria's wings were pinned to her sides. The duo began to plummet from the air. Coal clawed the sphinx again and again, opening greater wounds. Blood fell like rain. His powerful jaws closed around the sphinx's neck. There was a flash of white light and Seria was gone.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Rook retired."

Coal floated in the air, shaking the sphinx's lingering blood from his body. HIs eyes narrowed. Up ahead, five devils were flying towards him at speed. They moved in an offensive formation, approaching like a spearpoint. These were not the devils he had been sent to lead away.

The devil in the lead had blonde hair and wore dark robes. Coal recognized her as one of Bedeze's bishops; Agatha. She was the only member of Bedeze's peerage to possess a Sacred Gear.

Agatha held her hand high. She was clutching something; a small box with a small figurine atop it. A music box.

"Dreamless Sleep!" Agatha shouted. The music box in her hand glowed a soft blue. A gentle lullaby tickled Coal's ears.

Coal felt his eyes droop. Fatigue seeped into his very bones. For the barest moment, unconscious slumber threatened to claim the great dragon.

The amethyst earring still affixed to his draconic ear glowed bright with violet power. Coal's eyes snapped open. The dreariness was gone, replaced by rage.

Medea offered every member of Balthazar's peerage armor and weapons in preparation for this Rating Game. Between his scales and his healing, Coal had no need for armor. His claws, his teeth and his fire were his weapons. Coal wanted nothing, but Medea still gave him a gift; an enchanted earring. Coal could recover from any attack, but he still had not found a reliable way to counter curses. Medea's gift was enchanted to do just that.

Coal delighted in the way Agatha's eyes widened in terror as her Sacred Gear failed to pull him under its spell. He had seen footage from other battles where she had employed the Sacred Gear. Rare were the opponents that could resist its effect. When Agatha used it, the target was almost always eliminated soon afterwards. Not this time.

The devils scattered as Coal tore through the air towards them. A man with blue hair wielding a sword and shield flew forward to meet him while the others moved to surround him. This was Matthew, Bedeze's Knight. The Bishop and the Pawns attacked with spells and arrows while the Knight met his fangs with steel.

Coal whipped his tail around to strike at the Knight. Matthew raised his shield in time, but the force of the blow still blew him backwards through the air.

One of the Pawns shot another arrow that deflected off of Coal's scales. With the Knight still recovering from Coal's attack, there was no one to protect the Pawn as Coal turned his attention on the young man.

Coal's maw opened. A torrent of orange fire shot towards the Pawn in a wide cone. The Pawn threw up a hasty shield. It wasn't enough.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Pawn retired." came the announcement.

Coal's head was batted to the side as the Knight returned at speed, ramming into the dragon's head with a shield charge. The Knight disengaged as Coal's teeth snapped towards him. The Knight glared as Coal began laughing. The dragon grinned as his body coiled around him in the air.

He was having fun.


X


"The group of devils is still moving towards us." Medea reported. "Coal has engaged a separate group. The ones moving towards us have not deviated in the slightest."

"Keep an eye on Coal's fight. If he needs help, let me know immediately." I said, staring at the mountain in the distance. Medea's familiars were watching Coal's fight. She'd seen Seria fly away from the mountain to meet Coal. Bedeze was probably setting up his base of operations in the mountain. It would provide a good vantage point and be very difficult to assault if properly defended. At least, it would be under normal circumstances. It wouldn't be an issue for us.

"I expect he will manage, but I will monitor the exchange all the same." Medea said. "What do you wish to do about the other devils?"

"Either of us could deal with Jean, but I'm saving myself for Bedeze. I'd assume you still want a piece of Runa?"

"You would assume correctly."

"I'd thought as much. How long until Shang Tsung is ready to fight?"

"He could fight now, but it will be several more minutes until he is fully healed."

"Then we'll buy a few minutes before we bring the mountain down on Bedeze's head. His Pawns won't pose much of a threat, but I want Shang Tsung and Aqua with us to deal with the other Knight and Bishop. Matatabi…"

The blue-haired cat woman rose to her feet. "The group still approaching, yes? I will deal with them." She walked away slowly. Tails of blue fire swayed behind her as she departed.

"We could strike them now." Medea said as we watched Matatabi go.

"He underestimated us and is suffering for it. I won't make the same mistake. Once you finish setting up your territory we'll make our move. I want a position to fall back to in case something unexpected happens."

"As you wish, my King."

My eyes turned to the mountain far away in the distance. What was going through Bedeze's head right now?


X


This isn't how it was supposed to go.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Pawn retired."

"The Dragon just got John too. We need support!" Matthew's voice screamed through his amulet.

"Agatha, put the blasted beast to sleep!" Bedeze ordered in a rage.

"I can't! He is resisting the effect!" Agatha replied, sounding panicked.

"My lord, we need Jean." Claire, the last of the Pawns he's sent with Matthew, said. Her voice was shaky.

Bedeze grit his teeth. He couldn't recall Jean. He needed Jean to eliminate the Belial before he could rejoin the fight himself. Once he regained the use of Hole, that dragon would be nothing but a worm before his might.

"Agatha, Claire, withdraw. Matthew, lead the dragon away from the mountain. Once Jean and Ami retire the Belial I will retrieve you." Bedeze said.

"Yes, my lord." Matthew accepted his orders without a word of dissent.

At his side, his Queen had a considering frown on her face. "Balthazar has five pieces. His Queen we know. The Belial is likely his Knight. The Dragon is clearly his Rook. The shapeshifter we already know about and was simple enough to send fleeing. The other Pawn will likely be just as simple to dispose of."

Bedeze allowed himself a breath. His Queen's logical reasoning had done much to calm him. He hadn't expected Balthazar's Rook to be so strong, but the dragon wouldn't be enough. His peerage was experienced. He trusted Matthew's ability to stay in the game while keeping the dragon occupied. Balthazar's Queen would not be able to defeat Runa in combat. The Belial likely had nothing of note to contribute other than Worthless. Once the dragon and the Queen were dealt with, the Rating Game would be over. He needed Hole back so he could dispose of the dragon.

"Jean, Ami, move faster. Remove the Knight quickly."

"I am tracking her scent, my lord. I am close." Jean's voice responded through Bedeze's amulet.

"Send me to go with them." Runa requested.

Bedeze shook his head. "No. Until I can use Hole once more, I am vulnerable. I need you here with me. I will only send you away if the Queen reveals herself." Bedeze turned to his second Bishop. "Have you located them yet?"

"I apologize, my lord. They are still evading my scryings." Edward said, refusing to look him in the eye.

Bedeze growled, turning away. After this Rating Game, he would be finding a new Bishop. Edward had been making a habit of failing to contribute as of late. Bedeze was a top Rating Game competitor. If a Bishop could not manage to contribute in a match against his failure of a nephew, how would he contribute against a true threat like Diehauser? That girl Lord Paimon possessed had potential. Bedeze would approach Lord Paimon to see if he would be willing to trade an ingot of mithril for her.

"My lord, we have found the second Pawn." Jean's voice spoke from the amulet.

Bedeze gripped his amulet, feeling Jean and Ami's location. They were in the plains beyond the mountain. Bedeze started walking to the entrance to the cave they had claimed as their headquarters so he could see Jean's position with his eyes. "Retire her and move on. The Belial is your target."

"She… My lord, there is something strange about her."

Bedeze's eyebrows furrowed. "Explain."

There was no response.


X


Matatabi glared at the brutish devils across the field from her. This man was her enemy. Already, she held no care for him. His rudeness only served to irritate her. He would truly speak to his master as if she was not here?

"You are quite rude, mutt." Matatabi said, baring her teeth. The others were moving to encircle her. She did not care. The brute had offended her. The rest were nuisances.

Matatabi had paid little attention to the boring briefings and meetings Balthazar had held with his peerage to go over the different abilities of Bedeze's peerage. What did it matter to her which devil could do what? She would burn them away with her flames or sunder them with her claws all the same. She only paid enough attention to fool Balthazar into thinking she'd listened raptly. She knew the names of these creatures, but that did not serve her. She did not need the packets and folders to ascertain what manner of beast the brute across from her was. She could smell it on him, the canine.

"Jean, find the Belial. I'll deal with her." the green-haired one said.

Matatabi sniffed the air, affronted. The woman was not what she appeared to be either. She smelled like a pheasant. She moved with grace.

"Wait your turn. You have not annoyed me yet, but I will deal with you first if I must. I do enjoy the taste of birds." Matatabi said. Blue embers shone in her eyes as she glared at the bird-person.

"Oh to hell with this waiting!" another member of the group shouted in frustration. He was short with white hair. Matatabi could not determine anything remarkable about the small man.

He held up his fists as he ran towards her. He wore gauntlets with metal points on the knuckles. He punched towards her head. Matatabi leaned to the side, gracefully dodging the blow. Her claws grew from her fingers. She slashed upwards.

The white-haired man gasped, clutching ineffectually at the deep gashes in his chest. He stumbled backwards, starting to fall. He was enveloped in light before his body could reach the ground.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Pawn retired."

Matatabi frowned in disdain, looking down at her bloodstained kimono. "This was my favorite. The fabric is soft."

The others were on guard now. The bird woman drew a katana from a sheath at her waist and held it at the ready. A muscular bald man drew an axe. Matatabi ignored the devil that still smelled human. He wasn't a threat. Only the bird and the canine seemed dangerous.

The wolfman growled, low and threatening. His muscles expanded, bulging through his white t-shirt. The clothing tore as his body exploded outwards. Skin gave way to brown fur. Hands lengthened into lengthy fingers tipped with claws. A maw of razor-like teeth was revealed in a snarl. A lumbering werewolf stood on two legs, staring at Matatabi in consideration.

The Rook's voice was lower and more powerful when he spoke next, like a guttural growl formed into words. "My lord is always seeking capable Pawns. You dispatched Taylor with ease. None would object to you taking his place."

"Lord Bedeze is good to Yokai." the green-haired woman who smelled like a bird said, sword still raised. "A nekomata would be welcome in our peerage once our lord's nephew has learned his place."

Matatabi frowned, looking between them. "You seek to recruit me into my enemy's army?"

"Balthazar will lose. It is a foregone conclusion. Once this Rating Game is over, you will need to secure a future for yourself in the Underworld." the werewolf said. "My master is always seeking greater talent to replace the weak in his peerage. You would fit in well among us. Our lord rewards his capable followers well. You will never want for wealth again."

Matatabi's eyes narrowed. "You have made three mistakes, mutt." Sparks of azure fire danced through Matatabi's hair as she took measured steps forward. "Your first mistake was approaching me as if I am some prize to be bought and traded. I am Matatabi the Two Tailed Wraith. I am not an object to be sold."

The bird, the wolf and the inconsequential once-human devil flinched as Matatabi's hair and tails lit on fire, drifting up away from her body as if possessed by an unseen spirit.

"Your second mistake: I am not some weak yokai spirit like the tengu at your side."

The bird woman scowled at the insult. She moved to reply when Matatabi's body changed again. The members of Bedeze's peerage all stepped back as Matatabi's body unnaturally stretched upwards, drifting apart like smoke.

"Your third mistake: I am no one's Pawn."

The planes were swallowed by an eruption of azure flame. Bedeze's peerage fled into the air, scattering in all directions to avoid the raging inferno. The hurricane of flame coalesced into a shape. A feline body with furious fangs glared hatefully at the flying wolf.

The wolf snarled at the monstrous form of the Two Tailed Beast beneath him. A howl of challenge split the sky as he threw his head back, calling to the sky. As his cry sounded, his form changed once more. He grew even larger. The mockery of humanity his second form held vanished. In its place was a towering wolf easily matching Matatabi's size.

The wolf fell to the ground and charged towards the flaming cat. Matatabi pounced, meeting his charge. The two beasts collided in a flurry of claws and fangs. One of Matatabi's tails caught the wolf under the chin, knocking him back.

Before she could capitalize, Matatabi was attacked from the side.

The bird woman, Matatabi believed her name to be Ami, dove towards her through the air. Her appearance had changed. White feathers covered the Knight's body. Horns protruded from the corners of her mouth like the mocking smile of a demon. Her katana was glowing gold.

Matatabi's second tail batted the blade away before it could strike her. Matatabi arched her spine. Flame exploded in all directions. The tengu nimbly dodged backwards and away, successfully retreating to a safe area. The wolf took the full force of the explosion. His fur was singed. His snout was burned, yet he stood. The bald man was not so lucky.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Pawn retired."

The Pawn's axe fell to the ground beneath where he had been blasted away. Matatabi hadn't even been trying to hurt him. Was he truly so weak as to die to an attack meant for another?

The wolf leapt towards her once more, enraged after sustaining his injuries.

Matatabi allowed the wolf to land atop her. His fangs bit into her fire, scoring the insides of his mouth with severe burns.

The wolf released her and tried to flee. Matatabi did not allow him to. She latched onto the wolf with her claws, dragging him down atop her and rolling so she had the wolf pinned beneath her. She batted at the defenseless wolf with her claws, raking deep gashes into his body. Her assault was relentless, striking without pause or mercy. Crimson fluid scattered to paint the field red.

The bird tried to fly down to support the wolf, but Matatabi slapped her away with her tails. Before the bird could try again, the wolf vanished in a flash of light.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Rook retired."

Matatabi slowly turned to face the bird flying in the air above her. She grinned.

The bird turned and fled, flying high into the sky at breakneck speeds.

Matatabi watched her go. She could chase after the bird. She enjoyed eating birds almost as much as she enjoyed fish, but the bird would vanish before she could eat her. Her task had been to prevent the devils from approaching Balthazar and Medea. Her task was complete.

Matatabi's form shrunk down to the size of a small housecat. She turned and began lazily walking back towards Balthazar. She did not expect any further complications from this battle. From what little she'd cared to learn about devil peerages, she knew that Rooks were supposed to be strong. If that wolf was any indication, Bedeze's peerage would not be able to stand against her new allies. She could afford to spend the rest of this Rating Game lazing in the sun.


X


"The Knight fled." Medea reported, having watched Matatabi's battle through her familiars.

Aqua grinned, savoring the triumphant feeling welling up within her. Balthazar and Medea hadn't cared to look at what the Underworld was saying about them before the Rating Game. Aqua had.

Every site, every forum, every interview she had seen painted the same picture. The entire Underworld had expected Bedeze to completely obliterate them. Bets had been placed on how quickly Bedeze would defeat them.

It angered her; how dismissive everyone was of her new friends, of her. Aqua didn't remember feeling such fierce pride before. Perhaps it was a result of her change into a devil? Maybe the World of Darkness had left more marks on her than those visible on her body.

How she longed to look at those same forums now, to listen to interviews with the same arrogant devils predicting their downfall. Bedeze had lost both of his Rooks and five Pawns. Meanwhile, they hadn't lost anyone. Those arrogant snobs were probably gobsmacked right about now.

"What about the other Knight?" Balthazar asked.

"She is fleeing towards the mountain. She is still isolated." Medea answered.

"I'll take care of it." Balthazar said.

"Wait,"

Balthazar turned to Aqua.

"Let me go. I'll deal with her then go help Coal. Once that's done, you two can attack the mountain."

Balthazar turned to Medea. "How is Coal faring right now?"

Medea sighed tiredly. "He is laughing while Bedeze's Knight ineffectually tries to injure him."

Aqua frowned. "So he's playing with his food?"

"I would not have put it that way, but yes." Medea said.

Balthazar rubbed his forehead. "Okay. I'll send you to the Knight. Go help Coal once she's dealt with. Tell him to stay back from the mountain. It won't be there for long."

Aqua nodded. "Okay."

"Medea? Guide me please."

Medea took Balthazar's hand. The same violet glow in her eyes briefly flared in his. A Hole opened in front of Aqua.

"Try not to beat Bedeze too quickly." Aqua said in parting. She stepped through the Hole.

Her wings shot out of her back to hold her aloft as the Hole closed behind her. She was high in the sky. The mountain that had loomed in the distance was now much closer.

Ahead, a white-feathered humanoid shape halted in the air, a katana gripped tight in its hands. This was Ami, Bedeze's Knight, the one that had just fled from Matatabi.

"I don't blame you for running." Aqua said conversationally. "Matatabi has that effect on people."

The woman did not respond. Her katana glowed gold. Like a striking viper, she rocketed towards Aqua.

A flash of light heralded the arrival of Aqua's Keyblade. She met the Knight and blocked her initial strike.

Aqua wasn't prepared for the follow up attack to come so quickly. The katana weaved around her guard, coming down on her armored arm. The armor held, deflecting the blade away. It still hurt.

Aqua summoned a current of air to blow the Knight away from her. Her eyes narrowed as she glared at her opponent.

"I'm good with a sword, but I think you're better." Aqua said, pained to admit it.

"I am over a thousand years old, girl. I was formed for the purpose of wielding a blade." Ami finally spoke, leveling her katana towards Aqua, readying for another attack.

"Then I guess I won't fight you as a swordsman." Aqua said. She pointed her keyblade forward, turning it as if to unlock something.

Ami's wings beat against the air to propel her forward. She made no progress. Shock was writ on her face as she whipped around to look behind her. Floating in the air behind her was a dark void in the shape of a keyhole. A great vacuum sounded as the Keyhole sucked everything in the vicinity towards it.

Ami desperately tried to flee. Aqua held up a hand, blasting her with another torrent of air. Ami was sent tumbling into the Keyhole. It snapped shut behind her.

Aqua waited for the announcement of the Knight's retirement, but none came. As she thought it over, she realized it might take a minute. The Rating Game system was designed to warp people out of the arena when they sustained great injuries. Once that failsafe was activated, there was probably some magical alert sent that then prompted the announcement. They didn't expect someone to simply teleport their opponent outside of the arena. The extensive wards used in Rating Games typically prevented someone from sending anything into or out of the arena. Those wards meant nothing to Aqua's Keyblade.

They'd eventually figure out that the Knight wasn't in the fight anymore. Until then, she had a job to do.

Another keyhole opened in front of her. She flew through it.

Rumbling laughter greeted her as she emerged from the keyhole. Beneath her, a lone devil was desperately trying to slay a serpentine dragon. None of the devil's attacks left marks for longer than a moment. The dragon was laughing while it joyfully batted the man's shield with its tail.

"Coal!" Aqua called down, scowling. "Stop playing with him and get rid of him already!"

The dragon paused, turning to look up at her. Aqua had spent enough time with the dragon to recognize his reptilian frown. "He is a strong knight. I am playing into the stereotype and allowing him a chance to slay me."

Aqua glared at Coal.

Bedeze's Knight didn't give her a chance to reply. The armored figure zipped through the air in a direct line to her. Coal hovered in the air, forgotten behind him.

Aqua's eyes narrowed as the devil flew towards her.

She'd read what the Underworld had said about Balthazar's peerage. There was some minor speculation about Medea and Coal. Through all of her searching, Aqua had only found one mention of herself. An off-hand comment about how Balthazar had a Knight that wouldn't be able to match Bedeze's.

She'd already beaten Ami, but from the outside looking in it may appear as though she cheated. She wanted to show those fools that she was someone to be taken seriously.

This new pride of hers was irksome. It would be so easy to send Matthew away the same way she'd dealt with Ami, but her pride wouldn't allow it.

"Don't interfere!" Aqua shouted down to Coal just as Matthew was upon her.

Her Keyblade sang as it clashed with Matthew's sword. Bedeze's Knight was focused, glaring at her with purpose.

"Hey! He was my opponent! You can't just–"

Coal's complaining was drowned out as thunder ripped apart the sky.

Matthew flew backwards, fleeing as lightning danced away from Aqua's body. Bolts of electric might streaked down from the sky. Matthew wove expertly between them as he maneuvered close to attack again.

Aqua held her Keyblade above her head. She delighted in the shock she saw in Matthew's eyes as her body shifted. Where once there was one Aqua, there were now three. Each of Aqua's shadows attacked as one. Three crackling orbs of violet energy imbued with the sky's storm flew towards Matthew at erratic angles.

Matthew tucked his legs and wings behind his shield. The orbs struck his defense, blasting him backwards.

Aqua stepped backwards through a Keyhole in the sky. Five Aquas emerged from the Keyhole on the ground where Matthew had been sent flying. As one, they leapt into the air. Each Aqua flew at a different angle.

Matthew's sword and shield moved in a blur to block Keyblade strikes from all directions. Despite the assault, he managed to defend against all five Aquas. He didn't see the sixth.

Matthew gasped. His sword arm went slack.

A sword was driven through his chest. Following the sword down to the hand grasping it showed the arm emerging from Matthew's own shadow.

Another Aqua rose from the Knight's shadow, hand holding the hilt of the sword Medea had crafted for her. Her copies vibrated like afterimages as they melded with her.

Matthew's grip on his sword tightened. Despite the blade driven through his chest, he made one last desperate swing towards Aqua's neck.

Aqua's Keyblade appeared in her other hand. She twisted it. Matthew was blasted away from her on a current of violet light. His sword clattered to the ground, knocked from his grip by the force of the energy. A flash of light could be seen above the violet orb.

"Bedeze Abaddon's first and second Knight retired."

Aqua smiled. There's the announcement she was waiting for.

A massive draconic face drifted up next to her. It was pouting.

"You stole my fight." Coal said.

"I'll make it up to you. Now hush. I want to watch the show."

"What show?"

The ground beneath them shook. Moments later a shockwave shook the air as a titanic boom split the air. Far in the distance, the mountain that once stood tall in the center of the arena now rained down as rubble.

"Oh, that show."


X


"Aqua is dealing with Matthew." Medea reported.

I stared off at the mountain in the distance, a considering frown on my face. "That just leaves Bedeze, Runa and the Bishops."

"There are a handful of Pawns as well, master."

"I don't expect them to be a problem after this."

"They likely will not be, but we should plan for them all the same."

"You're right. Is Shang Tsung ready to fight?"

"He has recovered enough for the final stage."

"Good. Sorry for keeping you back. I thought things wouldn't go as well as they did. It looks like we didn't need you to make a territory after all."

"It is no trouble, master. I was glad to take the precaution all the same."

"Well, there's no use stalling any longer. You're ready?"

"Always, master."

"Then let's get started."

My wings extended from my back. I flew into the sky with Medea at my side. We came to a stop high in the air. I opened a small Hole above my hand. "Shang Tsung, be ready to fight. We're in the endgame."

"I am prepared, my lord."

I closed the Hole, staring off into the distance.

"I imagine this is going to surprise a lot of people watching right now." I said.

Medea chuckled. "It will surprise even those who know you well."

"Yeah, well, I don't throw my weight around for no reason. People have left me alone, so I haven't needed to do this."

Medea and I's conversation wasn't scripted, but it was planned. A small nod to the Underworld and the supernatural world at large. Leave me alone and I won't have a problem with you. Mess with me or mine and you get the Bedeze treatment.

I held up my hands. Far in the distance, a trio of Holes opened.

Bedeze did not use our bloodline power to its fullest ability. In his Rating Games, he used it to position his pieces and to cause explosions. Admittedly, that was all he really needed. Due to the way the wards worked, widespread teleportation was a rare commodity in Rating Games. If one side could teleport freely and the other couldn't, they would be at a major disadvantage. Couple that with Bedeze's ability to open a Hole with the destructive potential of a minecart full of C4 underneath someone's chin and it was no wonder why he was so successful. Still, he could be doing more.

Bedeze and Kuisha both didn't feel the need to press the limits of what Hole could do. I had. I still had depths left to explore, but I'd learned a lot in my brief life as a devil. I couldn't walk between seconds like an Agares. I couldn't steal away what made a being special like a Belial. I couldn't destroy anything in my path like a Bael. What I could do was connect things. I could create a bridge where a bridge shouldn't exist. I could store something away and bring it back to reality at my whim.

On the demonic scale, my destructive potential really wasn't all that high. I was confident that I could dominate other devils my age and even some weaker century-old devils, but Bedeze wasn't weak. In a contest of straight power, he would likely come out on top. But I didn't need to best him with power. Why would I when I could connect to something stronger? Bedeze shoved all of his power through a Hole he opened right on top of his enemy. It was crude, but no one could say it wasn't effective. For this opening strike, I was taking a card from his deck.

The Holes I opened around the mountain rapidly expanded. A ginormous sphere of scintillating destruction emerged from each. They all crashed into the mountain at the same time.

In the distance. The mountain fractured. There was a brief beat of silence before the shockwave hit us. The ground shook. The air screamed. You'd think a volcano had erupted from all of the rocky debris sent flying into the sky above the mountain.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Pawn Retired. Bedeze Abaddon's Bishop retired. Bedeze Abaddon's Pawn retired. Bedeze Abaddon's Pawn retired."

I wasn't expecting to catch the Bishop with that. I certainly wasn't going to complain though.

In the distance, stones still fell from the sky, but the environment around Medea and I had quieted.

"A splendid showing for our audience, master." Medea said, a pleased smile on her face.

"Thank Matatabi."

I lacked the pure destructive potential to destroy a mountain in one blow myself. I could probably pull it off, but it would be a death by a thousand cuts. My moody, salmon devouring Rook on the other hand? She could do it by sneezing. All I needed to do to borrow her powerful sneezes was to capture them in Holes and keep them locked away in pocket dimensions for later use.

It wasn't the Power of Destruction, but it was pretty damn destructive.

Medea's eyes narrowed. "The last Bishop is fleeing with Bedeze. Runa is flying out to meet us."

I squinted, looking into the distance. Even with my devil's vision, I couldn't make out any great detail in the remnants of the mountain so far away. "Which Bishop made it?"

"Agatha. They are making for the deep forest to attempt to disappear."

"You've already got familiars watching it, right?"

"Of course."

"Then there's no problem. I'm assuming you still want to deal with Runa yourself?"

"I would be most upset with you if you prevented me from putting her in her place."

"Got it. Show me where Bedeze and Agatha are. I'll grab Shang Tsung and go after them. I'm leaving Runa to you."

Medea took my hand, weaving her fingers through mine. My vision was momentarily overtaken by her magic. It was as if I was looking through the world through a shallow pool of water. I was looking down at a distorted image of a badly injured Bedeze and a woman half-carrying him as they fled through the trees. I'd nearly taken out Bedeze with that blast. I'd expected him to be better defended.

"Got it." I shook my head as I returned to viewing the world normally. I gave Medea a quick kiss on the forehead. "Stay safe."

A soft blush colored her cheeks. "I will be fine, master. Don't defeat Bedeze until I put his bitch of a Queen in her place."

"Anything for my perfect Queen." A Hole opened behind me to pull me away.


X


Medea watched Balthazar go. She knew the battle was all but won. She knew he was more than prepared to destroy his flea of an uncle. Still, she couldn't help but worry. In any other situation, she would have gone with him. She couldn't do that this time.

Medea's lips curled into a furious frown as she borrowed the senses of her familiars, observing the approaching woman garbed in scorched armor, her silver hair burned in places. No, Medea had to deal with the valkyrie first. She had to show all devilkind, the entire world what would happen to those that threatened her master.

Runa was getting closer now. The valkyrie had seen her. Runa's spear appeared in her hand. She stabbed it forward.

A beam of multicolored energy speared through Medea's chest. The witch chuckled, the sound echoing as the illusion Runa had struck dispelled into a scattering of dark-winged butterflies.

The valkyrie slowed, shield and spear held up defensively as she looked around. Her eyes adopted a golden glow. "I am going to destroy you, you bitch. First you, then the dragon. Then your bastard of a King!" On the final word, she stabbed her spear forward. Another beam lanced towards empty air.

A violet barrier appeared in the beam's path, stopping it cold. Medea shimmered into being behind the shield as she let her invisibility spell fade. "I believe I made you a promise when we last met. I intend to keep it." Dark magic circles spun into being in the air behind Medea. Lances of dark lightning shot from the circles.

Runa's armor glowed gold. A barrier of golden light appeared with her shield as its centerpoint. Medea's spells blasted into the shield and were stopped. Runa held her spear high above her head and chanted an incantation.

The shield of golden energy swirled down into itself. A golden serpent formed from the vortex. Runa pointed her spear towards Medea. The magical construct charged. It swirled through the air, spectral fangs reaching.

Medea flew forward. With a flash, a wicked dagger appeared in her hand. She ducked under the snake's fangs and cut a shallow incision into the magical snake. The construct erupted into motes of energy as the spell unraveled.

"You are weak!" Runa screamed. She waved her spear like a staff. A rainbow of energy swirled around it. Beams of multi-colored light shot from the tip towards Medea.

Medea erected shields to block Runa's attacks. More dark circles opened around her. For every beam of colorful energy shot towards her, Medea sent back four of her own. For now, Runa's armor and golden shield were holding back her assault.

"I was trained in the hall of gods! My father is divine! You are nothing!" A wave of pearl-colored energy pulsed out from Runa.

The wave passed over Medea with no effect. The witch's eyes were hidden beneath her hood. All that was visible of her face was her furious frown. "You talk too much."

Runa looked down in shock as she felt something latch itself around her ankle. Spectral red energy coiled like a fishing line snapped taut, pulling Runa down. The valkyrie was hauled out of the sky and slammed into the ground hard enough to crater the earth. She moved to stand. More wires emerged from the ground the moment she struck the ground. They wrapped around her wrists, her ankles, her legs, her waist, her neck. Runa struggled, fighting as hard as she could. It wasn't enough.

The air fled Runa's lungs as the magical wires slammed her down into the earth hard. More wires appeared, pulling her fallen spear away, prying her shield from her arm, winding themselves around her body. Runa pulsed her magic. She thrashed against the wires. It was for nought. She couldn't move an inch.

A shadow passed over Runa.

The fallen valkyrie glared up hatefully as the witch descended towards her. She redoubled her efforts, trying to find any purchase to free herself from the bindings she was trapped in. There was none to be found.

"I believe you have an inferiority complex." the witch said. Her conversational tone was at odds with the aura of hate surrounding her, clinging to her shoulders like a haunting spectre.

"I will dest–" Runa's mouth was blocked as more of the crimson wires wound around her mouth and jaw, locking her lips shut.

"When we first met, you boasted of your lineage. Your mother is Hildr, yes? And you called yourself Boreasdóttir. Am I to assume your father is the Greek deity of the same name?"

The witch smiled, looming over Runa's bound form. "You don't need to answer. I already know. I researched you prior to this confrontation. Forgive me for asking a pointless question."

Runa activated the runes in her spear. The spear cut itself free of the wires constricting it, flying towards the witch's exposed back. Runa's eyes shone in triumph.

Despite her expectations, the spear did not spear through the witch's chest. It drifted peacefully into the witch's waiting hands. The witch ran her fingers over the haft of the spear as she spoke.

"You are so insistent that everyone knows exactly who you are, forcing your parent's status down their throats so they pay attention to you. I can't say I'm the same, but I suppose I could play along with this little game."

A wicked knife appeared in the witch's hand. She carved a symbol into the haft of Runa's spear with the tip. The dagger vanished moments later.

"Much better." the witch said, her lips pulling up into a cruel smile. She knelt at Runa's side. The wires around Runa's hand pried her fingers open. The witch set the spear in her hand. The wires forced her hand around the haft of the spear.

Runa felt a slowly blooming terror in her chest. Her spear…it was wrong.

"Now, it's time for me to introduce myself." the witch said. She frowned down at Runa. "No, you're not properly postured to receive a royal's introduction."

Royal? Runa could barely process the thought before the impossibly strong crimson wires moved her body without her consent. She resisted. She threw her magic and her physical might against the wiry magic, but she was helpless. The wires covered her entire body now. Only the upper half of her face was free from the overlapping threads of magic. They moved her like a puppet to their tune.

Runa pushed herself out of the crater she'd been thrown into. She stepped out of it and immediately knelt before the witch, head bowed. Her spear rested against the ground at her side. She couldn't channel her magic through it. She tried to drop it, but she couldn't. The wires pinned her hand around the haft. Her grip felt cold around the once comforting weapon. A cold that was slowly spreading up her arm, weakening her with every passing moment.

"That's better." the witch's voice came from above her. "Demigods always think they're so important. Did you expect me to worship you because your father is an Olympian? Our family fornicates with anything that has legs. Being descended from one of their countless trysts is no great feat worthy of praise."

Runa had been struggling since the moment the wires captured her. Her entire focus had been dedicated to fighting her way free and skewering this bitch. Despite her drive, despite her single-minded determination, something the witch said caused her to halt her efforts.

Our?

Runa felt fingers gingerly lift her chin. She was looking up at the witch. From her vantage she could see beneath her hood. Purple eyes and lavender hair. Pointed ears. Ethereal beauty. A violent smile.

Runa felt a kernel of dread spark to life deep in her gut.

"Surprised? As I said, we are greater in number than most would expect, cousin. Or would it be second-cousin? I suppose it doesn't matter." The witch's hand trailed across her cheek as she walked around behind Runa, out of her sight.

Runa wracked her brain trying to think. She'd had almost no contact with the Greeks since she was cast out and Bedeze welcomed her into his home. She hadn't heard of a god having children with humans recently, but it was possible the god hid the child to protect her. The witch was good with magic and had purple hair. Was she Hecate's daughter?

Runa couldn't resist as arms wound around her shoulders from behind. The witch's fingers danced across her shoulders. She leaned in close to Runa's ears. "You're trying so hard to solve the puzzle, aren't you, cousin? I'd speak a word of encouragement, but I have no faith in your mental abilities. If you were at all capable in that department, you never would have accepted Bedeze's offer. You never would have threatened my master."

Runa bit back a moan of pain as the innumerable wires wrapped around her body all constricted as one, squeezing tight around her body.

"Your father is a storm? My mother is of the ocean itself. Your mother is a valkyrie? My father is a king. His father is the sun. My lineage is so thick with Titan blood that I could never be called mortal."

Fingers clasped around Runa's face in a vice-like grip, wrenching her head to the side. She found herself staring directly into pitiless purple eyes. "My name is Medea. It is so good to properly meet you, cousin."

Runa felt the dread within her blossom into a flower of despair. Medea. The Witch of Colchis. The dead princess who once sailed at Jason's side. How?

"Come now, cousin. It's time I fulfill my promise."

The wires forced Runa to rise against her will, standing at Medea's side. A point of darkness opened in front of them; a Hole.

Runa felt hope swell in her chest. Bedeze! He'd beaten the Belial Knight and had opened a path back for her.

Her hope was crushed as the magical wires moved her limbs without her consent, walking her towards the Hole at Medea's side. This was not Bedeze's Hole. This was Balthazar's Hole. But how? Even with his ability to use Hole sealed, Balthazar was no match for Bedeze. Agatha should have healed their lord by now and destroyed the bastard.

A thousand questions swam through Runa's mind as her body moved under someone else's power, striding directly into the Hole at Medea's side.


X


This was a dream. That was the only way Bedeze could make sense of these past events. He was dreaming.

A passing branch brushed over the burned flesh on his shoulder as Agatha hauled him through the forest, drawing a hiss from his lips.

It certainly didn't feel like a dream.

This… No. No! It wasn't supposed to be like this! How did this happen? His Peerage was one of the greatest in the Underworld. He had hand-picked them all, trading away the weak and replacing them with the strong to cultivate the perfect servants to help him rise through the ranks. There was no way that an upstart bastard's peerage could defeat them. Some of his Pawns he would understand, but so many? His Knights? His Rooks?

No. This couldn't be happening.

"My lord, we must see to your injuries." Agatha gently laid Bedeze down, helping him rest his back against a tree.

Agatha reached into a bag at her side. She applied salves. Gently fed Bedeze potions. Bedeze pondered their position while she worked.

Whatever Balthazar had done to cheat his way into this position, his bastard nephew had likely done so by exhausting his options. The destruction of the mountain would have been his final attempt to end the Rating Game. It had failed. Bedeze was injured, but still able to fight. Agatha was with him. Runa had departed to dispatch the Queen and would return soon.

Without the information provided by the witch's familiars spread through the arena that Runa had found, Balthazar would not be able to coordinate his Peerage. Bedeze was confident in his ability to defeat Balthazar even without Hole. The dragon was a separate matter. Seria was one of the stronger Rooks in the Underworld. For her to be bested so easily by this healing dragon, it would need to be a powerful foe.

"We will find Balthazar and eliminate him." Bedeze decided.

"My lord?" Agatha said, pausing her work.

"We have lost too many pieces to combat the full might of his peerage. He has expertly used surprise and underhanded tactics to bring us low, but he has not, and will not win. Balthazar himself is weak. We will strike at the boy himself and finish this."

"My lord, how will we find him?"

"You will locate him."

"My lord, I believe my time would be better spent healing you. You are still–"

"I am well enough to discipline my nephew. Find him."

"Yes, my lord." Agatha bowed her head. She sat down on the ground and closed her eyes. Bedeze felt the familiar hum of magic in the air as she began scrying.

Bedeze stood, holding back a wince. He could not show weakness.

Rating Games were broadcast to the entire Underworld. Every possible angle could be viewed with magic. This match would already damage Bedeze's reputation enough. From this moment forward, he must proceed with complete confidence and swiftly eliminate his nephew. Once Balthazar was defeated, he could have his publicists spin a tale of how he wanted to give his nephew a true chance at victory, to really test him. He needed to control the narrative. Balthazar hadn't brought him low. No, Bedeze had ordered his peerage to hold back. Yes. Even as he sought to discipline his nephew for his overreach, he still acted as a caring uncle by giving him valuable Rating Games experience. The public would accept this story. It was easier to believe than the reality.

Bedeze knew he was being watched. For that reason alone did he not snarl in rage.

His peerage had been dismantled by a novice, by a boy! Did they forget what Bedeze had wagered on this Rating Game? Did the gravity of the contracts he had been forced to sign not weigh on them? Evidently not. At this Rating Game's conclusion, Bedeze would be trading the majority of his peerage. It was high time his team had a completely fresh roster. It would generate more interest from his fans and simultaneously replace the failures that had been beaten by amateurs with individuals worthy of serving him.

Devils, humans and other species all competed for the chance to be selected by a powerful devil like him as their peerage pieces. Low-born devils reincarnated whatever trash they could find, but devils of his standing had worthwhile candidates competing for the chance of serving him. The power, prestige and life he offered could not be found anywhere else. Perhaps his next peerage would cherish it more than these failures.

"My lord!"

"You've found them, then?" Bedeze said.

"My lord, they're–" Agatha dove behind a tree just in time to avoid a flaming skull.

"Hello, uncle. I've heard you're having performance issues."

Walking out from between the trees was Bedeze's blasted nephew and the shapeshifter. Runa had skewered him. How was the Pawn still in the Rating Game?

"A temporary affliction. One that will not prevent me from disposing of you now that you've shown your face. Your overconfidence will be your undoing." By arriving with the shapeshifter at his side, Bedeze could be sure that the figure at its side was Balthazar. He just had to destroy him and this would all be over.

"The Bishops is yours." Balthazar said.

The shapeshifter bowed his head. "I will not disappoint, my lord."

Dark spell circles flowing with green energy appeared around the shapeshifter.

Agatha threw up hasty barriers, blocking the lancing spears of green power the shapeshifter sent towards her. She retaliated with a hail of ice descending towards the shapeshifter.

The man's body was consumed by fire, turning amorphous as it slipped around the ice. He rematerialized a short distance away. He raised his arms. The ground beneath Agatha erupted in a geyser of magma.

Agatha spun away, firing icicles back towards her opponent.

Bedeze kept the fight within his vision, but he did not interfere. While he did not possess the strongest Bishops in the Underworld, Agatha was skilled and varied in her abilities. A Pawn would not best her.

Bedeze kept the majority of his focus on his nephew. Balthazar simply stood there, watching him.

"I'd expected you to attack by now." Balthazar said conversationally.

"You think me a fool?" Bedeze said. Hole was nearly unsurpassed among Devil Traits as a defensive ability. Without Hole, he was now at the mercy of Balthazar's own Hole. Many opponents Bedeze had faced in the past were defeated when he redirected their own attacks back towards them. Balthazar could do that to him and he would not be able to defend. He had a plan, but he needed time. If Balthazar struck before then Bedeze would adapt, but his nephew seemed content to stand there and wait.

"Yes, actually." Balthazar said. "All of this unpleasantness could have been avoided if you'd just minded your own business."

"An upstart had designs on a title that is rightfully mine. It is only right that I put you in your place."

"So this is you putting me in my place? Remind me, uncle, how many members of your peerage have retired from this match?"

Bedeze chuckled, allowing his experience standing in the spotlight before thousands to carry his performance. "You think you are winning, Balthazar?"

"The evidence would suggest such."

Bedeze shook his head. "Even now, basking in your own arrogance, I can't help but look on you with fondness. You are my blood, regardless of your transgressions. All of this has been a chance for you to play. You have shown yourself on the Underworld's stage, displayed your strength and that of your servants. I ordered my pieces to allow yours a victory. You are my nephew. I want what is best for you, but you will not be Lord Abaddon, not yet." Not ever if Bedeze had his way, but he had to put on a show for those viewing this discussion.

Balthazar raised an eyebrow. "I didn't expect you to steer things that way. You really think you can convince people that your embarrassing showing was all an act?"

"The truth oftentimes is so hard to refute."

"Okay, let's say I buy into this. What is the next step in your plan?"

Bedeze grinned. He'd bought enough time. "I demonstrate the true gap in power between us." How did one defeat an enemy with Hole? You attacked fast and at close range, preventing your opponent from being able to summon their defenses.

The ground beneath them rumbled. Balthazar frowned. Fear flashed across his face as the earth beneath him crumbled. A serpent of golden energy burst from the ground directly beneath Bedeze's infuriating nephew. Balthazar was caught unaware, unable to flee before golden fangs closed around his torso, puncturing his chest. Balthazar screamed.

Bedeze laughed. "You think I am defenseless without Hole? My Queen is a valkyrie, boy! She taught me the Norse magics. I am many times your better. Perhaps once order is restored to my house we can complete your and your sister's education." His words were said purely for the sake of the spectators. Balthazar would be having an accident soon. Kuisha…there was potential to be had with the girl. She would comply if she knew what was good for her. If not, Bedeze would arrange an accident for her as well. Bedeze would not allow another peon who happened to share his name to cause him problems in the future. The only Abaddons left would be those that submitted to him and his future children.

The snake's powerful jaws crushed down on Balthazar's body. Blood fell to the ground in clumps. Bedeze couldn't remember the last time he felt this pleased. But…why did something feel wrong?

Bedeze frowned. He turned to look to the side.

Agatha froze the trees around her. They shattered. The shards created from the explosion flew towards Balthazar's Pawn.

The shapeshifter stomped his foot down. Magma erupted around him, absorbing and melting Agatha's projectiles. Green energy surged around his body. Orbs of green mist flew towards Agatha in erratic patterns, forcing her to dodge and summon barriers.

Bedeze looked back up at the limp form of Balthazar still crushed in the snake's jaws. Why had Balthazar not been retired yet? Why did the Pawn not rush to his aid?

"I'll admit, I wasn't expecting that." Balthazar's voice spoke, originating from everywhere all at once.

Bedeze felt his blood chill as the body held in his conjured snake's jaws dissolved into motes of violet energy. An illusion.

"Your Queen is a valkyrie. She taught you some tricks." Balthazar's voice continued mocking him. "My Queen is a witch the likes of which this world hasn't seen in thousands of years. She taught me a trick or two herself. Illusions are paltry by comparison."

"Agatha! Dispose of the Pawn now!" Bedeze screamed.

"Yes, my lord!" Agatha flew up between the trees. She held her hand high. A small music box appeared in her grasp. A gentle, tinkling lullaby spread through the forest. "Dreamless Sleep!"

The Pawn vanished in a pillar of fire. A cloud of flame appeared behind Agatha. The shapeshifter appeared with it. He drove his open hand into Agatha's back. Agatha was knocked forward. Green energy was pulled from her body into the Pawn.

The shapeshifter grinned as his body changed once more. Agatha spun around, freezing in terror as she beheld her own visage.

The false Agatha lunged, ripping the music box free from the Bishop's hand.

"Dreamless Sleep!"

Agatha's eyes drooped closed. Her body went limp as she fell from the sky.

The music box disappeared as Agatha lost consciousness. The shapeshifter was returned to his original form. He caught Agatha as she fell, laying her on the ground and turning to face Bedeze with a wicked grin on his face.

"That… But… How!" Bedeze stuttered. The shapeshifter used Agatha's Sacred Gear against her. That was impossible.

"Your priorities are not organized correctly." Balthazar's voice spoke once more. The air in front of Bedeze shimmered as Balthazar appeared in front of him. Bedeze took an unconscious step backwards.

Bedeze ordered his golden serpent to strike Balthazar from behind.

Balthazar smirked. Holes opened all around him. The air screamed as flame hotter than anything Bedeze had ever seen exploded around Balthazar in a corona. Tendrils of air so hot it burned the air slashed into his serpent, destroying it.

Balthazar's eyes flashed with power. "You should be worrying about what happens next."


X


"You should be worrying about what happens next." I said, savoring the way Bedeze's face twisted in terror.

"What…What is that fire?" Bedeze asked, coweing back from the tendrils of ravenous flame drifting through the air behind me.

I chuckled. "This isn't some cheesy TV program, uncle. I'm not going to explain my power for all of the world to see. We have an audience after all." Telling others how your power worked was dumb. That didn't even consider that this trick was related to my exploration into how to use Hole.

When I first reached beyond the Dimensional Gap, I'd found a world scorched by its own sun. There was nothing of interest in that world. The second world I found was a separate matter. That was what showed me it was possible to do what I'd achieved.

It was a world of flame. Primordial fire that had burned since the world's creation raged across almost every stretch of that world. The oceans were magma. The sky was orange smoke. Air was sucked away to fuel the flames, leaving it nearly uninhabitable. I'd recognized the world. The Elemental Plane of Fire.

Despite Kuisha's assumption, my decision to specialize in fire magic had nothing to do with her. The fact that she specialized in it and could help me learn was merely a welcome benefit. No, I'd chosen fire because I'd found a path to an entire plane filled to the brim with fire so potent an ember could turn a man to cinders. The only issue was finding a way to reliably call the fire to me without expending the vast power necessary to cross worlds.

Enter Aqua. When she'd agreed to be my Knight, the multiverse had opened itself to me. With her Keyblade, Medea's scrying and my Hole, we could go anywhere we wanted.

But how could I summon the flames of an entirely separate flame while fighting in a Rating Game? The Rating Game system was designed to prevent anyone from summoning anything into the arena after the match had begun. The wards were nearly-impenetrable. No matter the quality of the wards, they meant nothing to Aqua. Similar to how she could lock connections closed, Aqua could also lock them open. This allowed me to call on those connections even in a location where I should be blocked by wards such as a Rating Game. In the months prior to the match, she'd opened dozens of connections to various places in the Elemental Plane of Fire, allowing me to access it at my will.

My personal destructive potential was limited, but I could pull the destructive potential of other creatures and places to myself to use as my own.

Bedeze was still backing away from me.

I smiled cordially, willing the fire back through my Holes and closing them. "What do you think happens now, uncle?" I asked, slowly walking forward.

Bedeze's eyes narrowed. "Your Queen will fall any moment. Runa will return. She will–"

"Shang Tsung, please deal with the second snake he is conjuring in the dirt." I said. The first one had surprised me, but I'd appeared before him as an illusion to prevent any nasty surprises from ending me. Now that I knew what to look for, I could sense what he was doing.

"Of course, my lord." Shang Tsung knelt, placing his palms against the ground. The earth ruptured. Magma flowed out from him in cracks. The magic gathering beneath Bedeze scattered and died.

"Continuing our conversation, uncle, I have full faith in my Queen. If I had to guess, the only reason we haven't heard from her yet is because she is playing with her food."

A shadow coalesced high in a nearby tree. The shadow leapt downward, taking flight on raven wings. Speak of the devil and she shall appear.

The spectral raven landed on my shoulder. Its beak opened. Medea's voice spoke from the bird. "I am ready, master. Please open a path."

I opened a Hole at my side. The raven on my shoulder melted away into nothing.

Hope shone in Bedeze's eyes before immediately being crushed by despair. Runa emerged from the Hole. Her entire body save for her nose and frantic eyes was covered in overlapping red threads. Her shield was missing. Her spear was clutched in her hand, attached by the same threads binding her movement.

"It's over, Bedeze." I said as Medea walked up next to my side.

Medea's arms wound around me. She laid her head on my shoulder. Her fingers traced circles on my chest. "Not yet, master. We haven't made our statement yet. No one is allowed to hurt you. Apprentice!"

Shang Tsung rushed over, bowing his head before Medea. "Yes, master?"

Bound in Medea's threads, Runa was forced to walk forward, kneeling on the ground at Shang Tsung's feet.

"A gift." Medea said. "You have done well and deserve a reward."

Shang Tsung's eyes widened, looking between Medea and Runa in shock.

"Do not take everything. She must remain alive for my own vengeance." Medea said.

Shang Tsung bowed at the waist, low and respectful. "Yes, master. Thank you for this gift."

"What are you doing! Release her at once!" Bedeze shouted.

Medea pursed her lips as she stared at Bedeze. "It would be irritating if he tried to resign before we are done. We will need to prevent him from doing so."

"You have a plan for that, I assume?" I said.

"It is already underway." Medea said, smiling.

I followed her eye, smiling as I saw a shadow slink up behind Bedeze.

Bedeze gasped in shock as a beam of golden light struck him from behind. There was a sound like a deadbolt latching.

Bedeze stumbled backwards. He raised his hands… Nothing happened.

"Thank you, Aqua." I said as a shadowy form zipped to my side.

The shadow coalesced into the armored form of my Knight. Aqua smiled shyly, "I'm always happy to help, Balthazar."

"What did you do!" Bedeze demanded, fuming, panicking where he stood.

Medea scowled. "It is not your turn yet. Be silent and wait."

Bedeze moved to reply, but crimson threads exploded from the ground all around him, winding around his body, dragging him down to the ground. His magic would not answer his call. His strength was not sufficient to tear himself free. Soon, he was trapped much the same way Runa was.

"Aqua, dear? Please prevent her from retiring as well." Medea said.

Aqua nodded. Her Keyblade reappeared. Another beam of golden light struck Runa. Something locked.

"Thank you, dear."

"Of course."

Despite the drama transpiring around him, Shang Tsung's eyes had not left Runa's bound form. There was an excited glint in his eyes as he approached her. He laid his palm against her forehead. "Thank you for working so hard for so long to grow in power. I will savor every morsel. Your soul is MINE!"

Despite the threads gagging her, Runa's scream was audible. Agony. Despair. Doom. All melded together in a discordant screech that grew weaker and weaker with each passing moment.

Green, wisp-like energy flowed from Runa's body into Shang Tsung as if sucked up by a tornado. With each passing moment, the visible skin on Runa's face grew more pale. Wrinkles sprouted on her skin. The threads binding her condensed down as they compensated for the space lost due to Runa's muscles atrophying. She was helpless to stop Shang Tsung from sucking her dry.

"That is enough." Medea said.

Immediately, Shang Tsung stepped back. The flow of green energy into his body halted. He looked down at his hands, clenching and unclenching them experimentally. His form shifted. In a flash of green, Shang Tsung had assumed Runa's appearance. Shang Tsung's hand wove through the air. Multi-colored magical energy drifted in its wake.

Shang Tsung returned to his true form. The rainbow-like magic persisted, spinning in an entrancing dance in the air. "Thank you, master. Thank you, my lord. I never imagined I would wield such power."

"We are merely holding to our arrangement. Now, hush, apprentice. Your part is over." Medea sat on the ground before the bound form of Runa. Slowly, the threads binding the valkyrie unraveled. The beautiful demigoddess was no more. In her place was a decrepit hag. Runa's silver hair was bleached white. Her skin was sagged, wrinkled. Her muscles were gone. She looked like a scarecrow shrouded in armor far too large for her wan frame.

"What…do…to me…?" Runa's voice came out as a croak.

Medea rolled Runa onto her side so she could look her in the eyes. Runa's bones creaked, her joints whined as she was moved. "You threatened my master. You tried to take what is mine. That was a mistake."

In a flash of light, a wicked dagger appeared in Medea's hand. "I made you a promise. I will keep it." She stabbed the dagger down into Runa's chest.

Weak though she was, Runa somehow managed to scream.

There was a blinding flash of red light. It lasted for several seconds. I noticed Medea cast a number of charms to prevent scrying. She covered Runa's body with her cloak, preventing anyone from viewing what she was doing.

She was using Rule Breaker to sever the magical connection between Runa and the Queen Piece in her chest. Medea wasn't a fool. She knew that this would draw attention, so she was being cautious while still taking her price from Runa.

The light faded. Runa's scream cut out.

Medea stood, hands hidden in her cloak. "You may let her retire now, Aqua."

Aqua stabbed her Keyblade down. Runa's shriveled body was immediately surrounded by a flash of light.

"Bedeze Abaddon's Queen retired."

With every prior announcement, the announcer's voice had been monotone. There was something else in his voice this time. Interest? Disgust? It was really hard to tell, but there was certainly a difference.

"And then there was one." I said, turning towards Bedeze.

Aqua frowned. She pointed at the unconscious form of Bedeze's Bishop. "Aren't there two?"

I frowned, looking at Aqua out of the corner of my eye. "You just ruined the whole, 'intimidating, ominous statement' thing I was going for."

Aqua winced, rubbing the back of her head. "Sorry."

I shook my head. "It's all good. People watching Bedeze get beat while we're screwing around as opposed to taking this seriously will just make it that much more embarrassing for him."

"Do you have any parting words before I dispose of him, master?" Medea asked, slowly stalking towards Bedeze's bound form.

Bedeze had been frantically trying to throw off his bindings as he watched what happened to Runa. Now, with Medea prowling towards him with murder in her eyes, he thrashed like the world's fate relied on him getting free. His struggles were ineffectual.

I thought for a moment. I turned and looked Bedeze in his panicked eyes. I could see the desperation there. The pleading. He would probably do anything, promise anything to let him free, to stop Medea from doing to him what had been done to Runa. I was not moved by his silent cries.

"You should have just left me alone. This is your own fault. Medea, he's yours."

Bedeze's screams were audible through the magic gagging him as Medea's dagger sunk into his chest. There was a flash of red light so great the entire arena was momentarily colored crimson.

The light vanished. Medea's hands disappeared into her cloak.

Bedeze lay unmoving on the ground, staring dejectedly up at the sky as the bindings were undone. Unlike Runa, he did not look like he'd aged to his last week of life. Still, I could feel the hollow space where his presence once pressed against the air. He was nothing now, and he knew it.

Aqua stabbed down with her Keyblade.

Bedeze didn't even try to move out of the way as Medea's spell circle obliterated him.

"Bedeze Abaddon retired. The Victor of this Rating Game is Balthazar Abaddon."


Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Potato Nose, Norego and 2,448 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Feb 23, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 18
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Mar 2, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,437
Was this real?

"I don't fucking believe it!"

Evidently Kuisha was not the only one struggling to come to grips with events.

"He won!" Magdaran shouted, leaping up off the couch.

Sairaorg sat slack-jawed next to her on the couch. "He… He beat Bedeze. He humiliated the third highest ranking Rating Game competitor!"

Kuisha didn't speak. Sairaorg leapt off the couch after his brother. The two hugged and cheered, dancing around the room. They discussed the highlights of the match. The shapeshifter. The never before seen Belial. The mountain. Balthazar's fire. Medea.

Kuisha couldn't bring herself to join them. Her eyes were fixed on the screen.

Balthazar and his peerage had been transported out of the Rating Game arena and returned to the site where it was held. Silence greeted them.

One voice called out. Then two. Soon, the entire coliseum was filled with amazed cheers. They began to chant his name.

Balthazar paid them no mind. He shared some words with his peerage before they all walked through a Hole. Where they went, Kuisha didn't know. It wouldn't be the first time she was kept in the dark about her brother.

Kuisha remembered a day so long ago when she returned home. She'd expected to be greeted by her parents' smiles. Instead she found their corpses. If it weren't for Balthazar's crying, she never would have found her infant brother.

She'd done her best to raise him. She gave him everything she thought he needed, but she had little to no idea what she was doing. When Sairaorg first reached out to her, she felt she'd finally found a future, for her and for her brother.

She clearly did not know her little brother as well as she thought.

How long had he been capable of this? How long had he hidden it from her? How much more was he hiding from her? Why had he felt the need to hide it in the first place?

Kuisha had so many questions, yet things were finally starting to make sense. Balthazar had never shown any interest in joining a peerage despite the protection and opportunities it would offer. He had been infuriatingly confident leading up to his match with Bedeze. Kuisha had pressed him so hard to withdraw because she'd thought Bedeze would destroy him. She'd watched a number of Bedeze's Rating Games. She didn't see any way for Balthazar to stand a chance. She didn't want her baby brother to be ruined by their useless uncle.

Balthazar proved her wrong. He proved the Underworld wrong.

If he was capable of this, why not tell her? Had she done something to push him away? Did he not trust her? She was Sairaorg's Queen now, but she was still his sister. Why couldn't he tell her about this?

"I just can't believe it!" Magdaran cheered, a wide smile on his face. "He was outnumbered and made it look like Bedeze was the underdog."

Sairaorg lifted a glass. "To Balthazar! And to the look of utter defeat on Bedeze's face at the end!"

Kuisha could see her King was loving this. He had been glued to the screen the entire fight. Like her, he'd been tense and nervous at the beginning. As the tide clearly turned in Balthazar's favor, Sairaorg and Magdaran started openly cheering him on.

The brothers drank, laughing as they recalled more of the fight. Kuisha wanted to be happy for them. She had been trying to bridge the gap between them for months now. Here they were, hugging and playfully jostling each other while they chatted away with bright smiles on their faces.

Kuisha couldn't find it in her to be happy. A frown was permanently fixed to her face. She looked down at the floor.

Bedeze had wagered all of his holdings against Balthazar. While he never went through the effort to make it official, Bedeze held enough lands and property to be counted as a Baron much like her brother. With Bedeze's resources and lands, Balthazar could become a Viscount if he wanted.

Her brother had been rising like a star and showed no signs of slowing. If anything, the result of this Rating Game would only galvanize his potential. Everyone would be tripping over themselves to extend relations to Balthazar. The business was one thing, but being one of the owners in the business as well as a devil powerful enough to beat Bedeze Abaddon? Kuisha couldn't even begin to predict the boons that would fall upon Balthazar like rain. Alliances, wealth, betrothals – the Underworld would be open to Balthazar now.

Her brother was successful. She'd wanted that for him from when he was so small she had to carry him around in her arms. He was beyond successful. She should be happy. She should be overjoyed for him.

Why did she feel as if a gap had opened between them? Why did it feel like she didn't really know her brother?


X


Diehauser Belial stared down at the picture in his hand. A young woman with bleached blue hair floated in the air, an easy grin on her face.

Diehauser allowed himself a small smile. He had another cousin. Ever since Cleria… Her loss had shook him. She was his cousin, but it had been as if he'd lost his sister. It was so unexpected, so sudden. He still remembered their last conversation. It seemed so normal. She'd been joking with him as they parted. He never saw her again.

"How can you not know!" Diehauser's mother, Calfa, demanded.

His uncle, Adusa, flinched under the weight of his mother's glare. The silver-blue hair that fell passed his shoulders tumbled with the motion. "I… After my wife passed… No woman could compare to her. I kept looking but…"

Diehsuaer's father, Adonis, sighed tiredly. "Adusa, there is a difference between indulging in sin and indulging in stupidity. Bedding so many women that you forget their names and faces due to the sheer volume of them is the latter."

"She has a Sacred Gear." Adusa supplied. "Her mother must be a human."

Calfa narrowed her eyes at him. "How many human women did you sleep with approximately twenty years ago?"

Adusa wilted under Calfa's glare. "Um… I don't know?"

Adonis took a deep breath. "Do you at least remember their names?"

"…No?"

Calfa let out an irritated huff. "So we know nothing about this girl. Her mother could be dead, or she could be the Queen of England."

"I'd remember if I fucked the Queen of England." Adusa said bitterly.

Calfa lightly cuffed him on the back of the head. "You do not get to make snide comments. This is your fault. You sired a child and left that girl to grow up without her father. We never had the chance to know her either. I am very upset with you right now, but I am putting my feelings aside to try to determine where she came from."

"It is very possible she will want nothing to do with us." Adonis said somberly. "From her perspective, she might very well believe that her demonic family did not care for her. She grew up without the slightest trace of our presence. She would have felt abandoned. She would have had to grow and learn to cope with that."

Adusa stared down at the floor. "I really fucked up. I thought… It took us hundreds of years to have Cleria. I didn't think that–"

"That's enough, Adusa." Calfa said tiredly, falling into a chair at the table. "We… We need to make this right."

"I'll go." Diehauser said, drawing the eyes of his family. "I will go speak with her. Rating Game rankings are complicated. Balthazar cannot claim Bedeze's number three seat from one battle, but his victory has already launched him ahead of the competition. I can approach him to offer advice on how to navigate the Rating Game scene. I can inquire about meeting Aqua at that time."

Calfa shook her head. "I don't want to force her into anything. We already wronged her by leaving her alone for so long."

"I won't force anything." Diehauser said easily. "I'll ask Balthazar to pass along that I would like to meet and leave when and how to approach me up to her. I am willing to wait. I just want to get to know my cousin."

Adonis and Calfa exchanged a glance.

"It couldn't hurt to try." Adonis said.

"Could you…" Adusa flinched back as Calfa's glare snapped back to him.

"You will stay away and let us handle first contact. Were I in that girl's shoes, I would want absolutely nothing to do with you." Calfa ordered. "You will meet her on her terms. Is that understood?"

Adusa nodded his head dumbly.

Diehauser stood, still holding the picture of his long lost cousin. "I'll pen a letter to Balthazar then. I will inform you when he replies."

Diehauser left the room. His smile was firmly fixed on his face. He was happy. It would likely take a long time and lots of careful navigation, but he would be able to get to know his new cousin. Diehauser adored family. More family could only be good for him.


X


Heaven's angels were the stewards of humanity. They tended to their Father's creation with all the grace and care He had when He ruled Heaven. Since his Father's death, Michael had been given the honor and privilege of serving as Heaven's leader.

He guided his siblings. He lent aid to the humans in their hour of need. He brokered peace with those that would make war upon this fragile world. He was strong, but he could not accomplish what he did alone. No, he needed his siblings' aid and the aid of those humans of true belief.

Many champions had risen in the time Michael had held his position. His Father's gift to mankind, Sacred Gears, had often chosen the proper host to bring about great change for good in the mortal world. It was Michael's joy and purpose to oversee these champions, to guide them as He would have guided them.

Since the creation of the devil's Evil Pieces, more and more of his Father's champions fell to temptation. Immortality was such an enchanting prize, which was not even speaking of the other sins and vices devils enjoyed. They promised his Father's chosen lives of grandeur and excess. So many had been swayed.

Michael had tried to negotiate with the devils about their rampant theft of Sacred Gear users. He had warned them away from stealing away the gifts his Father gave the mortals. Serafall had laughed in his face when he vaguely threatened her. He had made no progress in curbing the devil's greed since.

He did not let his failing deter him. No, this would only strengthen his resolve. Father's gift to the mortals was the gift of choice. Those who chose to fall to sin would be left to dwell in the Hell they chose for themselves. Those who chose to embrace the light would be given his full attention. Michael would nurture the best of humanity. Together, they would stand against the darkness.

This was how it had been for many years now. More and more Sacred Gear holders fell to temptation. More and more beacons of true faith rose into the light of the angels. Michael shepherded them as best as he was able. His greatest lament would always be his inability to compare to Him. If only his Father were still here to guide the mortals. He would make far fewer mistakes than His flawed son.

"Michael!"

Michael was pulled from his idle thoughts as his sibling flew into the great Hall of Heaven.

"Remiel, what troubles you?"

Remiel's fair face was contorted with worry. He flew up to Michael's side, producing a small screen tablet.

"Remiel, what…" Michael trailed off as Remiel displayed a video. A great serpentine dragon wound its body around a sphinx before biting down on the sphinx's neck. The sphinx vanished in a flash of light.

Michael frowned. He recognized the effect. This was not the first time he had seen a video from one of the Devil's Rating Games.

Michael turned in confusion as Remiel paused the video on the dragon's face. The beast appeared to be showing off his blood-stained teeth in a viscous grin. "What is this, Remiel?"

"Look closer, brother. Do you not recognize this monster?"

Michael turned his attention back to the video. Now that he was focused on the dragon alone, he realized why Remiel was so concerned. The memory of an angel was near-perfect. Michael had seen this dragon before. He was there when his Father claimed the departing soul of the beast for one of his creations. This beast died long before the devils began their foolish games. Something was awry.

"The Colchian Dragon? That is impossible. He is sealed within Perfected State." Michael was fond of that particular Sacred Gear even if its current holder was…troubled.

Many years ago, a pious nun called Sister Elanor held the Sacred Gear. At a time where Black Death spread like rot, claiming the lives of thousands, Sister Elanor stood as a shining light of hope to all who crossed her path. She saved thousands with her unique application of Perfected State. Michael was glad to welcome her spirit into Heaven at the end of her life. She was now remembered on Earth as a Saint, as was deserving of her great deeds and the way in which she gave her life for others.

Focusing back on his brother's worried face, Michael asked, "Was a clone made of the dragon?" It would not be the first time the devils successfully created a clone of a powerful being.

"The church reported Perfected State's current host went missing some months ago. I am as certain as I can be without meeting him in person that this dragon is no copy or illusion. This is the Colchian Dragon."

"Impossible." Michael repeated. "He is sealed in the Sacred Gear."

Remiel's expression grew grave. "No, brother. He is not."

The full weight of the implication struck Michael like a falling star. The dragon was free from the Sacred Gear. That was impossible. Each and every one of his Father's works was a miracle. To undo those miracles should have been impossible. Nothing could have severed the connection between the monster and the Sacred Gear he was bound to.

"We must investigate this." Michael decided.

Remiel bowed his head minutely. "Send me, brother. I will coordinate with the church and discover what has transpired."

Michael smiled. He gently rested his palm against Remiel's cheek. "Be careful, brother. Call for me if you require aid."

"I will not fail, brother." Remiel spun around and marched from the chamber.

Michael watched him go with a small frown on his face. This was troubling. If The Colchian Dragon was truly freed from Perfected State… This was dangerous. What if the method was replicable? His Father had collected numerous powerful beasts and locked them away in Sacred Gears to serve the interests of the humans they once sought to destroy. If these beasts were freed, humanity would lose powerful weapons they would otherwise be able to use in their defense. The freed creatures may very well turn on the humans they were made to serve.

Distant prayers tickled at the edge of Michael's consciousness. A mortal was in grave danger and seeking divine aid.

He would leave this matter in the capable hands of his brother. He had other matters that required his attention.


X


Golden fox tails drifted slowly through the air. Keen eyes and a thoughtful frown sat in front of a screen playing a video taken from a recent Rating Game.

Yasaka did not care for devils. Nearly every interaction the yokai shared with devilkind was rife with strife and unpleasantness. On the best occasions, Yasaka left meetings blisteringly angry. At worst, entire villages were wiped off the map.

Despite her personal feelings for the devil race as a whole, it would be foolish of her not to monitor her enemies. Especially when they were so foolish as to publicly publish their capabilities on the net for the entire world to see.

Yasaka had teams dedicated to watching Rating Games for any potential problems. Her palace held an entire room in its subterranean levels dedicated to housing folders made of profiles about each devil competitor in these Rating Games. Yasaka did not want trouble, but she would be ready when the devils inevitably brought it to her.

Yasaka had teams who watched these Rating Games for her. It was a rare occasion where her people brought film from a contest for her to view personally. The last time it had happened involved one of her tengu defecting to a comparatively powerful devil's peerage as his Knight. After seeing who the contestants in the match were, Yasaka had assumed this film would have some correlation to her wayward Ami. The avian tengu was in the film, but she was clearly not the reason this was brought to her attention.

Yasaka inspected the flaming behemoth of a cat with narrowed eyes. "I have never heard of her. Records would have been kept of a kasha of her power."

"Forgive me, Yasaka-sama." her servant bowed apologetically. "I have scoured our records. There is no mention of any yokai named Matatabi the Two Tailed Wraith or any variation of those names. I have consulted with the shrine maidens. Their inquiries were similarly ineffective at determining the kasha's true identity."

"Thank you." Yasaka said, curt.

Her servant bowed once more before hurrying out of her office.

"What is your assessment, Daisuke?" Yasaka asked.

The raven tengu who served as her loyal attendant bowed shallowly. "This creature is a mystery, Yasaka-sama, but I do not believe she is a problem that affects us."

"Go on."

"Whether Matatabi is a yokai or not, she has joined the devils. She is therefore our enemy."

"This is why I can't take you on any diplomatic missions, Daisuke. You're always so upfront."

"I will treat the devils as anything other than our enemy when they prove to be anything other than our enemy."

Yasaka sighed tiredly, setting the tablet aside. "Have a report written up about Matatabi the same as every other devil. Continue looking for further information and have Haruto create some problems for the devils but do not devote too much attention to this. We have more important things to worry about at present."

A kasha of the size and power Matatabi had demonstrated was almost unheard of, yet still not unheard of. The yokai possessed many defenders that Yasaka was confident could duel Matatabi after witnessing her rather…rudimentary fighting tactics and her lazy approach to the Rating Game as a whole. Yasaka would be interested in having a conversation with the kasha about her origins and reasons for joining with the devils, but she doubted such an opportunity would arise.

She had to focus on her people and her duties. So long as the devils kept to the Underworld, they were not her problem.


X


The Satans had gathered. Ajuka Beelzebub measured the looks on his colleague's faces. There was shock, of course. Ajuka himself had been surprised, something that rarely happened these days. There was also confusion and, in Sirzechs's case, exhaustion. Lucifer had spent the last several hours teleporting around the Underworld to handle the fallout of the Abaddon's Rating Game. The red-haired Super Devil was laying with his head on the table, eyes closed.

"I was wrong." Ajuka said, holding Serafall's gaze. "Thank you for acting as you did. I fear we would have needlessly alienated Balthazar if I moved to claim his mines during the match."

Serafall sighed, waving off his apology. "I get why you were worried, but I hope you can now see why I've been bending over backwards for him."

"We need to bring him firmly into our camp." Falbium said.

"He doesn't want to be subservient to anyone." Serafall said.

"He does not have to answer to us to ally with us." Falbium countered. "For his mines and the items he produced alone he was a worthwhile ally. After this… We cannot allow anyone else an opportunity to claim him."

Ajuka agreed. The might Balthazar displayed in his match against Bedeze bellied belief. An untested peerage defeated the third ranked peerage in the Underworld while greatly outnumbered. Every member of the peerage exhibited great power. Balthazar had gathered legendary figures from the past to his side as well as titanic forces never before seen. Balthazar's peerage had the potential to give himself and Serafall's peerages trouble, if only due to their lack of peerage members at present. Ajuka had questions for the young devil. Many questions.

"Let's deal with the biggest issues first." Serafall said. "Ajuka, did you check on Runa?"

"I did," he confirmed. "She is weak, weaker than a mortal. However, her soul is still intact. Her personality and being remain. Additionally, she is already showing signs of recovery, slow though it will be. Despite his words, the Pawn did not truly steal her soul away. It was pure theatrics."

"Good." Falbium said with a pleased nod. "That quiets the largest problem we have in regards to our local issues."

"No it doesn't." Sirzechs contradicted him, head still resting on the table. HIs eyes were closed, but he was still paying attention. "Whether he sucked her soul out or not, Shang Tsung depowered Runa. It might not be permanent, but it'll probably take her a couple decades to get back up to where she was. That's not even mentioning whatever the hell Medea did to her and Bedeze. People are still up in arms about that too by the way. Rating Games need to be safe or no one will participate in them. That'll lead to them solving disputes in other ways that we want to avoid."

"I'll talk to Balthazar." Serafall said. "He'll probably be willing to keep his peerage in line so long as no one tries to pull what Bedeze did against him. I can probably convince him to keep out of the Rating Game scene entirely if no one antagonizes him."

"People will still want assurances."

"So we add some rules that ban such techniques from use in Rating Games and rework the Rating Game system. It has been neglected for several decades now." Ajuka said. He'd put off improving the Rating Game system in favor of working on other projects. After witnessing all of the ways in which Balthazar's peerage exploited or outright ignored his system, he was eager to work to correct the flaws. He hadn't had a challenge like this in years.

"There's also the Belial situation." Sirzechs said.

Ah yes, the Knight. Aqua. All of Balthazar's peerage had piqued Ajuka's curiosity, but the girl was special even among them. The Underworld was convinced the girl used Worthless to seal Bedeze's ability to use Hole. As far as Ajuka could determine, she had. Her hair made it hard to argue who her father was, but she also possessed an item Ajuka had never seen before.

New Sacred Gears had appeared semi-regularly over the centuries. Whatever system Heaven's founder had imbued into them was an enigma. The length of time between Sacred Gears seeking out new hosts varied. Some Sacred Gears bound to new hosts immediately upon their prior host's death. Some waited upwards of a hundred years. Others waited to bind to a host until they found someone that fit their requirements. There were likely a healthy number of gears that still had yet to be bound to their first host, lying in wait for the proper host. Ajuka assumed the strange weapon Aqua wielded was one such Sacred Gear.

A sword with no edge shaped almost like a medieval key. When Aqua teleported around the arena, she had done so through a medium distinctly separate from Balthazar's Holes. Her method involved a keyhole-shaped tear in space. It was clearly an effect of her Sacred Gear, but what else could it do?

Serafall scoffed. "If Adusa slept around so much that he legitimately doesn't know who Aqua's mother could be, then it's not our problem. It isn't our problem regardless. Aqua is Balthazar's servant. Balthazar and Bedeze just very publicly handled an internal family dispute over the lordship of the House of Abaddon. Balthazar is now the lord of the house. If the Belials want their bastard back, they need to bring it up with Lord Abaddon. We can't interfere in a disagreement between two houses."

Aqua would have to have a mortal mother for her to be born with a Sacred Gear. Ajuka was no stranger to the more lustful practices of his race, but for Adusa Belial to bed so many mortal women that he could not even guess at the identity of Aqua's mother was unique among devils. Devils rarely left their conquests to their own devices. It created no small amount of work for Serafall when devils either took their lovers to Hell with them or disposed of them. The New Satans had been discouraging such activities as of late, but they could only do so much to fight their race's natural proclivities.

"Good enough for me." Sirzechs said, shifting to get more comfortable.

"Serafall, you are on good terms with Balthazar, correct?" Ajuka asked.

"Yes. Why?"

"I would like to speak with him in the near future. Would you be able to set a meeting?"

"I can ask him, but I've got my own issues to sort out with him first. He just dropped a shitload of work on me."

"Understandable. It is not pressing, but I would prefer to speak with him sooner rather than later."

"While we are on the topic," Falbium interjected. "Has the international scene quieted?"

Serafall scowled. "The opposite. The Yokai have raised a stink about Matatabi. None of their claims hold any weight. They're just using it as an excuse to throw some jabs at us. The Greeks on the other hand are being a pain in the ass."

"They want Medea back?" Sizechs said, sitting up in his chair.

"Among other things. Athena is typically my point of contact, but Helios has been going over her head and harassing some of my ambassadors to demand the return of his granddaughter. Then there's the Coal situation…"

Ajuka's attention sharpened. Yes. That.

"Did Balthazar mention the Colchian Dragon in any of your interactions with him?" Ajuka asked. "Do you have any idea how the dragon escaped Perfected State?"

"Shang Tsung was able to use Dreamless Sleep after copying Agatha's powers." Falbium said. "Perhaps the Pawn's ability was involved in freeing the dragon?"

"Regardless," Serafall said pointedly, getting back on topic. "The Greeks want him back. They're citing ancient treaties that they're interpreting in a very specific manner. They blame the Angels, and by extension all of the Abrahamic factions, for stealing away some of their heavy hitters and sealing them away in Sacred Gears."

"Tough." Sirzechs said. "Coal was pretty clear during the Rating Game that he is where he is of his own free will, going so far as to threaten anyone that worked counter to his new King. They can't stop us from reincarnating willing servants."

"No, but they can be petty and drop sanctions on us in retaliation." Serafall said.

"Let them." Ajuka said. "With Balthazar's resources most of our trade agreements with the Greeks become superfluous. Factor in that Medea is likely the one crafting the majority of the items he sells, and we also have access to better versions of anything they could make barring a few exceptions."

"You say that because you're not the one that has to deal with them." Serafall said pointedly.

"I have faith that you will handle this as expertly as you have handled everything in the past." Ajuka said.

Serafall sighed. "Yeah, I'll deal with it."

"And what of Balthazar himself?" Falbium asked.

"What do you mean?" Sirzechs said.

"I am not the only one who was surprised by the power he demonstrated. Yes, his peerage was strong, but he destroyed a mountain in a moment."

This was another topic that had occupied Ajuka's mind in the wake of the Rating Game. Despite the fact that the Rating Game was held to determine which Abaddon would rule their house, the Abaddons themselves did not feature prominently in the match. The fight was largely settled by the King's respective peerages.

With that said, in the short time he was active during the match, Balthazar demonstrated immense power. Widespread control and application of his clan trait. A mountain sundered in a moment. Fire so intense it scorched the air. Balthazar had shown all of this. Ajuka believed the young devil was hiding even more. How strong was he that he was able to defeat his uncle while holding back? Bedeze's clan trait was sealed, but he was still the third ranked seat in the competitive Rating Game scene. Balthazar bested him with minimal effort.

"Did he show any signs of possessing this strength in your previous interactions?" Ajuka asked.

Serafall shook her head. "Everything I saw of him before was mostly stuff Medea had set up. He's kept his own strength hidden. I'd assumed it was because he was using Medea as a shield to protect himself while he got stronger. Now I'm starting to think he was just using her as cover for the things he can do himself. You all know he located the Red Dragon Emperor for me. I thought that it was Medea who found him. I'm not too sure now."

Ajuka made a considering sound. "Medea of Colchis. The Colchian Dragon. A lost Belial bastard. A powerful Yokai we have no record of. And a human who, likely even before he was reincarnated, is capable of siphoning other's strength for himself. An impressive peerage to gather around oneself in such a short time. Too impressive."

"That's not even mentioning The Red Dragon Emperor." Serafall added. "He claimed to know the host of the White Dragon Emperor as well." She smiled, amused. "He said the guy was a prick."

"So it is safe to assume that Balthazar has a method to locate these gifted individuals." Ajuka said.

"Could it be some application of Hole?" Sirzechs said. "We don't know much about it other than what we've seen it used for."

Serafall gripped her chin in thought. "Balthazar told me once that Bedeze was an idiot for how he used Hole. Something about there being more applications of Hole than what Bedeze used it for."

"Could Balthazar's trait have mutated?" Falbium asked. "If he has access to abilities through Hole that Bedeze lacked, it is a possibility."

"A possibility, yes. But one that we have no way to test." Ajuka countered.

Serafall shrugged. "I could just ask him."

Everyone turned to look at her in surprise.

Serafall met their eyes. "I've been running a lot of interference for him. He knows that and is grateful for it. We're on pretty good terms. I can ask him. He may not answer, but it's worth a shot."

Sirzechs chuckled. "I do enjoy simple solutions. Feel free to ask him. If he doesn't tell you, we're no worse off than we would have been otherwise." He stood. "I need to get going. With Bedeze's assets all moving under Balthazar's control, I have to get ahead of things before any local problems crop up. Anything else before I go?"

"There is one more thing." Ajuka said, drawing all attention back to him. He was silent a moment.

"…And that thing is?" Serafall prompted.

Ajuka remained silent.

Ajuka had not improved the Rating Game system in several years. He had other things occupying his time. That did not mean his Rating Game system was faulty. The flaws highlighted by Balthazar's peerage would allow him to improve it, but the existing system was good. He should know. He made it.

"I was not certain whether or not to show you this. I am not entirely sure what it is myself. It may be nothing, but I want your opinions." Ajuka said.

A spell circle spun to life in the center of the table. An image projected above the table, drawing the attention of the assembled Satans.

It was a feed from the Rating Game. None but Ajuka recognized it. They wouldn't. Ajuka had ensured that this particular angle was not broadcast. Until this moment, the only individual who had seen it was himself.

In the projected recording, Medea plunged her dagger down into Runa's chest. This much the others had seen. There was screaming and a flash of light. What they hadn't seen before was a blurred, fractured image of Medea's hand as it disappeared into her cloak.

The image was not clear. Medea had clearly done something that interfered with the scrying magic laid into the Rating Game system, but the image was clear enough to get a very blurred view of something clutched tight in Medea's hand. To anyone else, the blurred red splotch in the viewing would not be noteworthy. Not to Ajuka. He had created the object Medea held in her hand. Likewise, his friends who had helped him at times to complete his project had suspicion of what they had just witnessed.

"What… That looked like–"

"That is not what I wanted to show you." Ajuka cut off Sirzechs, eyes intently focused on the image before him.

"We cannot gloss over Medea of Colchis seemingly ripping out Runa's Queen Piece." Falbium declared, scowling. "Do you have any idea the upheaval we will–"

"Watch." Ajuka cut him off. The Queen Piece was worrying. Ajuka had verified for himself when he had checked Runa for signs of soul tampering. Her Queen Piece was gone. In a strange turn of events, she was still biologically a devil, but the enhancement of the Queen Piece was gone. Whether Runa would stay a devil was uncertain, and something Ajuka would very much like to study. But there was something far more important that required his attention.

The Satans watched in silence as Medea approached Bedeze's trapped form. Her knife descended. Light flashed. An image of a blurred, misshapen cross was barely visible in the palm of Medea's hand.

The table cracked.

All heads turned to Sirzechs. The lethargy that had suffused his frame moments ago was gone. Now, the Satan they had unanimously agreed to name Lucifer stared intently at the frozen image above the table. His hands gripped the side of the table, a long jagged crack splintered away from his grip.

"That is impossible." Sirzechs declared.

"I believed the same." Ajuka said. "I checked Bedeze when I inspected Runa. When I have met him in the past, he has shone like a font of demonic power. Now, he is barely able to display strength equal to your sister."

The room was silent. The silence stretched.

Finally, Serafall said one word, "How?"

"I do not know." Ajuka said. "Rest assured, I will find out. In the meantime, I would request that you speak with Balthazar about–"

"Consider it done." Serafall said, eyes narrowed at the displayed image. "He and I will be having a conversation about this."

"Do not alienate him." Falbium cautioned. "With Medea displaying the capability to remove Evil Pieces, it is all the more necessary we forge strong ties with him."

"Who else knows about this?" Sirzechs asked?

"No one outside of this room." Ajuka replied.

"Good. Let's keep it that way." Sirzechs closed his eyes. He took a deep breath. Slowly, the tension bled from his muscles. He released the table and stepped back. "We'll need to speak with Runa and Bedeze. If anyone–"

"It will not be an issue." Ajuka interjected.

Sirzechs frowned. "You already reached an agreement with them?"

Ajuka's eyes narrowed almost imperceptibly. "It will not be an issue."

Sirzechs frowned. He searched Ajuka's eyes for something. His frown deepened when he found what he sought.

Ajuka had wholeheartedly supported Sirzechs's promotion to their unofficial head. He was the leader the Underworld needed. His strength kept their foes at bay. His empathy and soft approach to problems allowed them to build bridges. But there were some things his good-natured friend could not do, things necessary for their race. On such occasions, Ajuka handled the matter. Sirzechs did him the courtesy of never asking for details so Ajuka did not have to lie. In this case, Ajuka would not have to lie at all. He would have nothing to do with what became of Bedeze and Runa. His only crime was not undoing the magic someone else cast.

"I'll leave it to you then." Sirzechs said. "Serafall, let us know how your talk with Balthazar goes. Now I really need to go." A teleportation circle whisked him away.

Serafall and Falbium departed soon after. The meeting was adjourned. There was no reason to stay.

Ajuka teleported back to his lab. There were many problems that required his attention. So much to do, so little time.


X
Spoiler: Content Warning for this next part:
X


This was wrong. This isn't how things were supposed to be. Runa knew something was wrong, but she couldn't figure out what it was. She spun her spear in her hands, trying to figure out what was so wrong.
The weapon ached in her grasp. She knew she needed to do something. But what?

She felt weak. She shouldn't feel weak. She was descended from the divine. She was trained by one of the greatest warriors to ever live. She was one of the strongest Queens in the Underworld. People had spoken of her in the same breath as Grayfia Lucifuge. She was not weak. Her current state was temporary. Satan Beelzebub had said so!

The Lord Satan had come by two days ago. He inspected her and Bedeze both as part of an inquiry following the completion of the Rating Game.

…The Rating Game. Runa still didn't know how things had gone as they did. Balthazar was supposed to be weak. He was not weak. His peerage was supposed to be overpowered by their numbers. They were not. Balthazar's Queen was supposed to be a no-name witch. She was not a no-name witch. She was Medea. She was Runa's cousin.

Runa spun her spear in her hands, feeling an irritating itching sensation in the back of her skull. She could only quiet the grating feeling by keeping the spear near.

Something was wrong. It wasn't her weak fingers. No. Satan Beelzebub said her strength would come back. What the Pawn did to her was temporary. What Medea did to her was temporary. But neither of those were the wrong thing that itched like a scarab skittering beneath her flesh. It was something else.

"This… I can't let this be the end." Bedeze Abaddon said. His voice was deflated, weak, lacking the power and bravado he once displayed with ease.

Runa spun her spear in her hands.

"I… I'm not really… This can't be the end…" Bedeze said weakly. They were seated together in the small hut Runa had purchased for their romantic getaways. This property was owned by her and her alone, protecting it from the wager Bedeze had placed on all of his holdings. Technically since Runa was Bedeze's Queen, Balthazar could make the argument that her property should be forfeit as well, but he had left them alone. He was content to take everything Bedeze owned and leave them with this pittance.

Runa and Bedeze had seen very little of Balthazar in the wake of the Rating Game. The majority of the forfeitures had been carried out by intermediaries. It seemed like Balthazar wanted nothing to do with them. So, despite the wager and financial ruin, Bedeze and Runa still had this hut and each other.

Of Bedeze's peerage, only Runa was left. Despite their most recent showing against the new Lord Abaddon's peerage, Bedeze's former peerage were all Rating Game tested peerage members. This last game had dropped their individual value greatly, but they were still highly sought after pieces.

After suffering financial ruin at the hands of his nephew, Bedeze was in no position to refuse offers from generous lords and ladies seeking to make his peerage members their own. The funds he and Runa were currently living on were taken from the minor fortune Bedeze made from trading his entire peerage away for unused pieces. Only Runa was left. There were some attempts to trade her away from Bedeze with more coming after Satan Beelzebub announced the results of the examination he'd conducted on her, but Runa had refused to let Bedeze even consider it. Being traded was wrong. She didn't know why, but she needed to be near Bedeze.

She spun her spear anxiously in her hands.

"No… No." Bedeze declared, a measure of strength creeping back into his voice. "This will not be the end. I have friends. I have powerful friends that owe me favors. I can…" He ran a hand over his chest where Medea's knife had pierced him. "I can start again. This isn't the end."

He started laughing as he stood. "Yes. Yes! First, we kill the Belial girl. With her out of the way, I will be able to use Hole again. Then we will go to Zekram. He owes me. Yes, yes! He owes me. He will make me strong again. Then! Then we kill my upstart nephew and his whore of a Queen!"

Runa stopped spinning her spear in her hands. The itching in her head was gone. She could think with perfect clarity. She knew what was wrong. She knew how to fix it.

Bedeze's back was to her. He didn't see the point of Runa's spear until it protruded out the front of his throat.

"Don't worry, Bedeze. I'm fixing us!" Runa said, truly happy as she finally realized what was wrong. She knew how to fix everything. Once she was done, everything would go back to the way it was meant to be. Yes. She was fixing things.

Bedeze fell off her spear. Smiling brightly, Runa pressed the point of her spear to her own throat. "I'll see you soon, Bedeze, my love!" The point of her spear pierced her throat.

Runa lay next to Bedeze, knowing their lives would return to normal.

A dark, corrupt rune glowed a dull violet on the haft of Runa's spear. A shadow sped slunk out of the spear's tip, zipping along the ground away from the hut. The rune faded to nothing.

All was quiet in the hut.


X


"Sona, come on!" Rias called, anxious and insistent. "It's starting! You're going to miss it."

Sona knew she still had several minutes. Interviews such as the one her and Rias were to watch together began slow. They would open with advertisements for their sponsors then move on to a recap of the events that made the interviewee a topic of discussion. Still, she could humor her friend.

After one last glance out the window at where her small peerage trained with Rias's, Sona turned around and began walking back towards Rias. Her friend had invited her to the Gremory estate for the day. It was both a chance for their peerages to get to know each other better and for Sona and Rias to spend time together. With Sona preoccupied training Issei and Rias's time taken up acclimating her newest peerage member to her house, the two friends hadn't had much time to spend together.

Sona sat on the couch at Rias's side. She huffed fondly as Rias scooted over to press into her side. Her friend was clingy with people she liked. It was annoying at times, but more often than not it was endearing. Sona did not remark on Rias's closeness.

The advertisements finished on the screen and the host's face appeared.

"Welcome, one and all! My name is Natalia Braceforth, bringing you this exclusive post-match interview brought to you by Patron's Blood Publishing. I'm here with the victor of our most recent, most exciting Rating Game. Thank you for your attendance, Lord Abaddon. I know you have been very busy in the wake of your success. We are humbled to host you today."

"Thank you for having me." the now undisputed Lord of the House of Abaddon replied.

He did not seem the slightest bit nervous. Many young devils who participated in an interview like this after their first Rating Game did not like the attention. Sona could not detect the slightest trace of any nerves from Balthazar Abaddon.

The interviewer began praising Balthazar's showing during the Rating Game. Playbacks of various altercations appeared on screen as she listed them.

"Hold on." Rias said, fiddling with the remote. "I want to see what other people are saying."

"Rias, I would rather hear from the primary source than see what other people think."

"It's fine, Sona. Don't worry, the comments only take up a little space. Got it!"

The image displayed on the screen adjusted to now account for a live commenter bar along the right side of the screen. Opinions, emoticons and memes flew by at speed as the chat was overwhelmed by the number of people watching and commenting on this interview. The majority of the memes were created from images taken from the match itself. The vast majority featured Matatabi in varying states. From her large monstrous form captioned, 'You've made a mistake, mutt.' to pictures of her sleeping in the tree she'd climbed after fighting jean captioned, 'Matatabi used Catnap! It's super effective!'

This was news. A kind of news not seen in…ever. Balthazar had challenged his uncle to a Rating Game for the right to call himself Lord Abaddon. That had never happened before. A first time competitor without a full peerage had gone up against a reigning Rating Game champion ranked third overall in the Underworld. The outcome seemed to be a foregone conclusion. The strength of Balthazar's peerage had shocked everyone.

Most hadn't even heard Balthazar's name prior to his venture with Magdaran Bael. Even then, they hadn't paid him much mind. That was no longer the case. People were beginning to suspect that Balthazar was the true puppet master in charge of Bael and Abaddon Trading Co. There were even rumors suggesting the young devil had a hand in plots that happened long before his birth. Give the internet an inch and they will take a mile.

Sona was unique in the fact that she had heard Balthazar's name prior to his fame. She was passingly familiar with him for one reason alone; her sister.

The day Serafall appeared and whisked Sona away with little explanation outside of, 'We're getting you a really strong Rook. Stop asking questions, okay?' was now fresh in Sona's mind as she intently watched Balthazar easily answer questions pertaining to his employed strategies in the Rating Game.

Serafall had been circumspect about how she learned Issei held the Boosted Gear. Sona had listened to her sister's every word and filed it away for the future. The Satan's grumbling about the bastard not warning her of Issei's…proclivities stuck in Sona's mind. Was Issei an unrepentant pervert? Yes, but Sona did not care if his eyes wandered so long as he did as he was told. She did not bring him to formal occasions because she did not trust him to behave, but lust was common in Hell. A bit of perversion for the Boosted Gear was a worthwhile trade.

The important part was that Sona had used Serafall's many grumblings to put together a picture of the source of her information. After reincarnating Issei and letting him adjust to life as her servant, Sona did some research. Balthazar Abaddon's name kept coming up as she looked into the various clues Serafall left for her.

It made no sense. Balthazar was a nobody. A forgotten scion of a near-forgotten house. There was no way he would have the Boosted Gear. Only he did not stay that way. Soon after Sona acquired the Boosted Gear, Balthazar stepped onto the Underworld's stage as a Baron. Sona could see traces of her sister's influence thick in the air around Balthazar. He had done something to earn her favor. The timing fit too well to be a coincidence. Still, that left the question of how. How had he found the Boosted Gear?

On screen, profiles of each of his peerage members slowly slid across the screen. A human who could change his form, copying devil bloodline traits and borrowing the ability to use Sacred Gears from their wielders. A small cat made from fire that could erupt into a form mighty enough to easily dispatch one of the stronger Rooks in the Underworld. A half-breed Belial with a Sacred Gear that let her teleport even in the wards of a Rating Game. A Dragon straight from myth that should be trapped in a Sacred Gear. The Witch of Colchis who once travelled with the Argonauts.

Now more than ever, Sona was dying to know how Balthazar had found Issei for Serafall. He'd likely employed the same method to locate the rest of his impressive peerage. Sona's peerage was still small. She could really use some additions of the same caliber as Balthazar's servants. He'd already given her Issei. Maybe he could give her more?

More than that, Sona coveted his strength. Sona was still young. From what she'd learned of Balthazar, he was only a little older than her, yet he already possessed immense power. He had fought little in the Rating Game, but the few times he had joined the battle shook the Underworld. The destruction of a mountain range wasn't particularly noteworthy on the supernatural scale, but to see it from someone so young with so little effort? That wasn't even mentioning whatever that fire he used was. Sona had seen the Phenex's Hellfire in action on multiple occasions. Whatever Balthazar had used put their bloodline trait to shame.

Strength was necessary if one wanted to be respected in the Underworld. Balthazar, a devil barely older than Sona, had just demonstrated strength enough to outperform a devil centuries his senior with a record of handedly defeating his opponents. Sona needed that level of power, both for herself and her peerage.

More memes and lecherous comments sped by as each member of Balthazar's peerage was shown. From the widespread support for Balthazar present in the viewership, one would never think that a short week ago all of these individuals had dismissed Balthazar and his peerage out of hand. Sona had seen the messages from before. Page after page of people disparaging Balthazar for being foolish enough to challenge Bedeze. Now, it was as if they had always supported the young devil. The masses were fickle.

"He's kind of cute." Rias said.

Sona sighed, looking sidelong at her friend.

"What!" Rias said, cheeks flushing. "Look at him! And you saw how he beat Bedeze. He's strong too."

"He disregarded the spirit of Rating Games. Bedeze and Runa are still recovering from their fight."

It was Rias's turn to look at Sona unimpressed. "Because every Rating Game is always so noble. He was outnumbered and up against a powerful opponent. He won. Ajuka said Bedeze and Runa would recover, so it's fine."

As if to mirror their own conversation, the interviewer broached the topic of what was done to Runa during the match.

Balthazar sighed tiredly. "No, my Pawn did not drain her soul. I have already reprimanded him at length for his word choice. His ability lets him temporarily copy the powers of others. The longer he is connected to them, the longer his copies last. The drain was not pleasant on Runa, but she will recover. Satan Beelzebub himself has confirmed this."

The interviewer nodded along. "Yes, we've been told…" She trailed off, holding a finger up to her ear. An earpiece?

The interviewer sucked in a surprised breath. She pulled out her phone and furiously scrolled across the screen.

Balthazar raised an eyebrow at her. "Is there a problem?"

The interviewer looked up at him, then back down at her phone. She took a breath to collect herself. "Lord Abaddon, would it surprise you to learn that Bedeze Abaddon and Runa Boreasdóttir have been found dead in their home?"

You could hear a pin drop in the silence. The flood of comments across the screen halted for several seconds before tripling in speed.

"What!" Rias cried. She pulled out her phone and immediately began pulling up news articles. For the moment, she found nothing.

Balthazar blinked, an expression of genuine shock flashed across his face, a contrast to the controlled politeness he'd held the length of the interview. "What?"

The interviewer turned her phone around so Balthazar could see it. Incidentally, the screen was angled so the camera had a view as well. The camera operator immediately zoomed in on the screen.

Sona's eyes narrowed as the image came into focus. Bedeze and the wan body of Runa lay cradled against each other in a pool of blood. Neither were moving. Their eyes stared vacantly forward.

"This image speaks of foul play." The interviewer continued. "Do you have any comments?"

Balthazar's mouth opened and closed. No sound came out. He couldn't look away from the screen.

A change came over the Lord of the House of Abaddon. In a moment, the cordial demeanor he'd adopted was gone. In its place stood the devil who'd blown apart a mountain with little to no effort. Small Holes the size of baseballs appeared in the air all around him. He spoke through them in rapid succession.

"Coal, Matatabi, Aqua, gather at the manor with Medea and Shang Tsung. No one goes anywhere alone. Someone just killed my uncle and could be coming for me next. Kuisha, are you with Sai?"

"I– What!" a female voice called from one of the Holes. "Did you just say Bedeze is–"

"Are you with Sai?" Balthazar cut her off, an intense frown on his face as he glared at nothing. "Get somewhere where there's other people around. If they went after Bedeze, they might be going after you next. I'll meet you in a few minutes once I make sure my peerage are all okay."

"Lord Abaddon, would you please–"

"Thank you for your time." Balthazar cut off the interviewer. "I need to see to the safety of my people." A point of darkness appeared around his body, swallowing him. The interviewer was left alone on the screen.

The comments were going wild. Everything from shock at Bedeze's supposed demise to the 'cool' way Balthazar had stormed away. There were a fair helping of people also pinning the blame for the deaths on Balthazar as 'obvious'. Sona wasn't too sure. He had seemed legitimately surprised to receive the news. Moments after learning of it, he'd left to protect the only other Abaddon alive as well as his peerage.

"It's real." Rias said, face pale. She turned her phone around so Sona could see. A message had been sent from her brother. Evidently, the Satans had sent a team to the house the moment the broadcast showed the picture. Sona wasn't sure how a news outlet learned of this before her and Rias's siblings, but now that the Satans were involved the scene would be locked down and closely studied.

"What… What do you think happened?" Rias asked.

Sona pursed her lips, watching as the interviewer frantically tried to keep viewership. People were fleeing to news channels en masse. She'd gambled on being able to get the first interview with Balthazar following the event. She'd overestimated his willingness to speak to her.

"I don't know." Sona said.


X


Zekram Bael sat in his chair. He sipped at his wine as he watched the news report before him.

The investigators had completed their inspection of the scene of Bedeze and Runa's deaths. They'd ruled it a murder suicide. After the humiliation she'd suffered in the Rating Game, Runa had snapped and murdered Bedeze before killing herself.

Zekram set his wine to the side, folding his hands in his lap. The investigation matched with what he knew of events.

No one but Bedeze knew that Zekram had been the one to set the dominos falling. Bedeze certainly would have acted of his own volition at some point. Balthazar was too irritating to the man for him to leave him be forever, but Bedeze would have waited longer if Zekram had not given him the push he needed. After the Rating Game, Zekram was certain he'd made the right choice.

Balthazar had been revealed to the Underworld and the greater supernatural both. The enemies of Hell now knew that powerful young talent was on the rise. They would be cautious to make moves against the devils.

Balthazar was powerful. He had gathered exceptional servants around himself, great enough to earn even Zekram's respect. Medea of Colchis? The Colchian Dragon? Even the bastard Belial girl and that kasha. Worthy servants for a devil of such great potential.

Balthazar's potential was tied to the Bael house through Balthazar's ties to Magdaran. Zekram had initially believed Balthazar was using him for his connections and as a shield. He was not so sure now. If Balthazar genuinely cared for Magdaran, then Zekram needed to ensure that he had no reason to be at odds with the boy who would one day assume the title of Lord Bael.

Zekram had pushed the first domino that led to Balthazar's great reveal. He could not allow that fact to come to light. Only one other person knew Zekram was at all involved. Bedeze had never been a particularly great asset. Even after receiving the King Piece Zekram had been so gracious to bequeath upon him, he had only ever spread his influence in Rating Games. With his success and strength, he easily could have achieved all that Balthazar had and more, but he had been content with mediocrity.

Bedeze was a disappointment. Worse, he was now a loose end. Zekram needed him removed.

Imagine Zekram's surprise when his agent arrived at Bedeze's hovel only to find him already dead, murdered at the hands of his insane Queen. It was convenient, almost suspiciously so. The work was already done, but Zekram saw an opportunity to evaluate the potential of a young man Zekram was now sure would grow to be a pillar that would support the rest of the Underworld.

His agent photographed the violent scene and sent it to the agency currently holding an interview with Balthazar. Zekram watched the boy's reaction. He did not believe Balthazar had anything to do with the murder. His shock was too genuine. The slight hint of fear as he called out to his peerage and sister was too real.

Perhaps it really was as simple as it appeared then. Runa had gone insane and killed herself after murdering her King. It would make sense were it not for one glaring detail.

Zekram had ordered his agent to secure Bedeze's King PIece after his death to ensure its existence remained a secret. His agent did not retrieve the King Piece because it was gone. Playing a hunch, the agent had checked Runa's corpse as well. Like Bedeze's King PIece, her Queen Piece was missing.

This news was too important to allow anyone but himself to possess. His agent was destroyed by Zekram's power moments after reporting. Only Zekram knew of the missing pieces now. The Satans would likely learn of the missing Queen Piece when they examined Runa's body, but they had no reason to suspect Bedeze once held a King Piece.

Zekram had considered the problem. He believed he'd reached a conclusion as to what happened to the King Piece. The entire Underworld had been attempting to divine what Medea had done to Bedeze and Runa to cause them such distress. Zerkam believed he alone knew the truth.

Why the witch was interested in the pieces and how she learned of them was inconsequential. Judging by the lengths she went to to conceal her theft of them, she would keep them hidden from the general public. Medea would not have enchanted Runa's spear to drive her to murder herself and Bedeze if she wanted the story to be spread about the Underworld.

Zekram was not certain if she was operating under Balthazar's orders, but Balthazar would assuredly be aware of her activities. Perhaps not the murder, but he knew of the pieces. Zekram would watch him closely. For now, he felt confident allowing Balthazar to remain free. If he had wanted to display the King Piece's existence, he would have done it during the Rating Game when it would have been impossible to cover up the action. No, he wanted it for himself. Zekram could work with the young devil's greed. Removing Balthazar from the board would only weaken the future of the devils. He had no reason to remove the boy when he showed no signs of moving to expose Zekram's plots.

Balthazar was power-hungry. He had been devouring the land around him as he set up his business. He wanted his house to thrive. Zekram could help him. Zekram could make it trivial for Balthazar to achieve his ends. Zekram would leverage Balthazar's greed and drive, using them to turn the young Abaddon into the man Bedeze should have become. He would be a fine ally to serve Magdaran when he became Lord Bael.

Zekram would keep watching. When needed he would steer events in the correct direction. For now, he was content to let things unfold as they may. There was nothing connecting him to any unpleasantness with Balthazar, and he was now two steps ahead of the boy. Balthazar did not know that he knew about his theft of the King Piece. That would be a powerful tool to employ when the time was right.

Perhaps he would order a special-made item from Medea in the near-future? The item would be useful. More importantly, it would allow him to open a line of communication with Balthazar and his Queen both. The new Lord Abaddon was firmly aligned with the New Satans. It was not the worst possible outcome, but Zekram still desired to slowly erode their relationship. The King Piece presented a strong opportunity to do just that. It would take time, but he was patient.


X


A lone woman rested in a pool of still water. She lay naked, submerged beneath the pool, her eyes closed.

She was not sure how long she had remained here. Years at least. Once, she had a beautiful life full of love and joy. Those days were long behind her now. Time marched on. She lost that which she loved. She grew tired of it.

She'd come here, to this pool nestled in the bosom of a cave secluded from the wider world. Powerful magic was layered into the rock and water, obscuring her from the world outside. There were few who knew of her whereabouts.

It was better that way. She wanted to rest. The more people who knew of her, the more people who would attempt to bother her. Already, her restful slumber had been interrupted twice. Both times, her sister had tried to convince her to rejoin the world. Both times, her sister failed. She had no reason to return.

The water trembled around her. Her haven had been disturbed. Her eyes opened.

She rose up out of the water. Her lips parted in a gasp as she tasted air for the first time in years. Her dark hair drifted through the air behind her as she rose to stand atop the water. She frowned as she beheld her visitor.

"You." she said. The words felt strange in her mouth. She had not spoken in quite some time.

"Me." the woman agreed. She was short with a thin frame. Pink hair fell past pointed ears. Her shoulders were draped in a cloak of magical feathers that ruffled as the woman entered her haven. A golden staff tipped with a glowing stone stood proud in her hand. "Nice place."

"I am resting, Circe. Why have you come?" she asked the sister of the man she'd loved. Like all those she loved, her husband was lost to her so long ago.

The witch chuckled, tapping the bottom of her staff against the walls of her haven. "I'm sure you don't enjoy my company any more than I enjoy visiting your little hovel." Her smile faded into an uncertain frown. "But you deserve to know about this."

Circe reached into her robe. Circe's fingers came to rest around a strange block of material the woman atop the water had never seen before. Circe touched the device. A moving image appeared. Sound emanated from the device. The visage of a woman in a dark cloak could be seen on the tiny block.

"Your father is a storm? My mother is of the ocean itself. Your mother is a valkyrie? My father is a king. His father is the sun. My lineage is so thick with Titan blood that I could never be called mortal."

The woman's breath caught in her chest. Her eyes narrowed. The quiet pool beneath her bucked and roiled with her fury.

"You dare!" she bellowed, her voice becoming a screech. The light of her haven dimmed. The walls seemed to press down around the witch who thought to show her illusions such as these.

Circe did not move. "You've been out of touch for a while. The devils have started holding things they call Rating Games where people they reincarnate into devils can fight each other. Oh, right. You missed that too."

Circe did not seem the slightest bit threatened as the nude woman drifted through the air towards her. Her hair flicking violently in the air behind her. The water beneath her churned.

"Okay, quick summary: Devils can reincarnate people now to serve them and they sometimes fight each other. This was taken from the most recent Rating Game. It's got a lot of people up in arms. You have my word that this is genuine. I swear it on my magic."

The floating woman halted. She felt the force of Circe's words wash over her. The pool quieted beneath her. Light returned to the cave. Her feet returned to the water's surface.

Wordlessly, she reached out and took the strange thing. Circe let her pull it away with no resistance. The moment her fingers touched the alien object, she understood it. She knew its components. She understood its function. She understood the video it was showing her and where the video had been taken from. She felt hope swell in her chest.

The woman knelt, cradling the small phone close to her, eyes unmoving from the visage shown to her.

"My name is Medea. It is so good to prop…"

The rest of what Medea said faded, drowned out by the sound of rushing water in the kneeling woman's ears. She paused the video, freezing it as the scrying spell looked beneath the hood of the dark cloak the figure wore. She could clearly see the face of the woman shown on the phone's screen. The lavender hair. The piercing, intelligent eyes. The pointed ears and cunning grin.

Idyia the Knowing Goddess felt tears trailing down her cheeks as she ran her fingers across the face of the woman in the still image.

"My daughter… You're alive."


Spoiler: The Knowing Goddess
Last edited: Mar 2, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, TheGodofCheese, Rorrim|mirroR and 2,138 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Mar 2, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 19
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Mar 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,894
In the wake of the Rating Game I'd expected to get some down time. Sadly, it was not to be.

I debriefed my peerage, intending to hold a small celebration of our victory. Instead, I found myself in Bael and Abaddon Trading Co.'s office dealing with a torrent of letters streaming in. The entire Underworld was clambering over itself to get my attention and book time for an item hand-crafted by Medea of Colchis.

Latia and I had managed to set up a better system to sort through everything by funneling it through a system of Holes, but for now the problem was only on hold until we could get more hands to sort everything. There was too much for the two of us to sort through in a reasonable timeframe and the amount was increasing exponentially. Immediately following the creation of our stop-gap solution I was summoned elsewhere.

I'd gone directly from my office to the office of the Underworld's Interior. Several officials made me sign a bunch of papers to formally hand over the assets I was entitled to following my defeat of Bedeze. We'd both signed magically binding contracts to enforce the wager we'd set at the start – everything we owned. Bedeze wasn't the most influential devil alive, but he was certainly wealthy.

Following my acquisition of his assets, I had more land than I knew what to do with and more money than many gods. The territory was near enough to my own because, while he never bothered to visit, he was still an Abaddon. Apparently he and Kuisha and I's father made an agreement however long ago to split the old Abaddon territory between themselves. Our dad then lost a lot of the land in a variety of ways, but I'd already bought up more than he forfeited. Add Bedeze's old holdings on top of that and I held a substantial stretch of territory.

It was all mine now. I'd needed to buy up some land to bridge the gap between the land I bought up around my castle and the territory I'd seized from Bedeze so I wouldn't just have two bubbles of disassociated terrain, but it was simple enough to use the funds I won from him to do so.

I was a Viscount now. After claiming Bedeze's positions for myself, I held enough influence to take a step up the noble hierarchy. The new title really didn't feel all that impactful. Sure, I had a new word in front of my name, but I didn't really have any of what a man of my stature was expected to outside of my lands. I didn't have any subjects. All of the major Pillar families had subjects of one sort or another. Certain territories even held entire cities within their borders that the Pillar governed. Aside from some random structures dotted here and there, the Abaddon territory was barren. Right now, I was in no major hurry to change that fact. In the future when I'd sorted through everything and the present situation had quieted, I might look into it again. It would just be an additional headache right now.

In addition to the land and funds, there were a number of properties located all over the Underworld ranging from small bungalows to full-scale mansions added in with my winnings from Bedeze. Evidently, my uncle had enjoyed vacationing. I looked over the properties. I sold the less useful ones, leaving all of the larger structures and those located in major cities to be dealt with later. Typically housing sales took a while, but Bedeze and I had so much attention from the entire Underworld following the Rating Game that people were tripping over themselves to secure some of his old properties.

Before I'd finished squaring my new properties away I was contacted by the devil who'd been interviewing Bedeze when I challenged him. I'd promised her an exclusive interview following the Rating Game, so we set a time and I appeared on her show.

It was supposed to be a chance for me to deal with some of the more troublesome aftermath of the Rating Game. People were still freaking out about Shang Tsung spouting off about stealing people's souls. He'd pouted like a chided puppy when I showed him the reaction to his dramatics on the Devil Net. I could understand his excitement, but if he'd said literally anything else it would have made my life easier. I planned to use the interview to spin it in a way where it was all and act and Shang Tsung just liked drama. I expected the Underworld to eat it up.

He was not the only problem though. Coal's appearance outside of a Sacred Gear had raised a lot of pointed questions. Medea's mere existence when everyone believed her to be dead was a problem. Matatabi being a giant fire cat that seemingly appeared out of nowhere created some discussion. Then there was the Aqua situation.

After watching the Rating Game back through recordings, I was able to see Bedeze's perspective of events. After Aqua hit him with her Keyblade, he'd assumed she was some long lost Belial bastard as if that was the only way she could have sealed Hole. More surprisingly, the Underworld had taken his summation at face value and was running with it. There were entire forums dedicated to trying to figure out where Aqua came from and why the Belials hadn't found her yet. People were even speculating about how she'd returned to usurp her family's power. It was ridiculous.

The interview was my chance to straighten some things out. I wasn't going to hand out any information that wasn't already common knowledge or talk about how Coal was freed, but I'd give people something so they'd stop wildly speculating.

Then I learned that Bedeze was dead in the middle of the interview. When I saw the picture, it was clear to me that someone had killed him. One doesn't trip and fall and just so happen to land in a way where their throat gets torn out.

Naturally, I did not take the news that someone had killed an Abaddon well. I did not care one whit for Bedeze. On the contrary, after what he tried to do to me, I was glad to see him gone. With that said, I had nothing to do with the man's death. The possibility that whoever had gone after him might come after the only other living Abaddons – myself and my sister – did not escape me.

There were still videos and speculation circling around the Devil Net wondering where I went and what I did after leaving mid-way through the interview. It really wasn't all that hard to put together for someone with a brain.

I went directly home. Once I saw all of my peerage in one piece, I teleported over to Sairaorg's place. His entire peerage had gathered together around my sister. They'd been watching the interview together and, judging by the intent frown on his face, Sairaorg shared my concern about whoever it was that attacked Bedeze coming after Kuisha. We'd shared a few words then I returned home.

I wanted to know who'd killed Bedeze. I didn't care about the man so I didn't want revenge, but I did need to know who this new player on the board was that might want to come after me. The moment I asked Medea for her help, I received the answer to the mystery.

That led me to right now. Medea and I were alone in our bedroom. She wouldn't meet my eyes. She looked terrified of what I would say.

Coal was still on alert outside the manor. While he flew the perimeter, Matatabi sat on the roof, watching for anything out of the ordinary. Shang Tsung and Aqua were still on the porch.

"You killed Bedeze and Runa." I said, clarifying what she'd just told me of the curse she'd cast on Runa during the Rating Game.

It seemed a great effort for Medea to look me in the eye. "Yes."

Seeing how tense she was caused me to frown. I walked forward. Medea's muscles tensed as I approached. I slowly, carefully pulled her into a hug.

The tension oozed out of her body as she clung to me, burying her head in my shoulder.

"Did you think I would be mad?" I asked quietly.

"I didn't consult you. I… I know what he did to you, but he was still your uncle. I didn't…"

"It's okay." I ran my hand down the back of her head through her hair.

She sighed, relieved and happy as she pressed herself into me.

"Can I ask why?" I said.

"They were a loose end." Medea said, still holding me close. "Aqua permanently sealed Bedeze's ability to use Hole. People think she is a bastard child of Adusa Belial right now. That cover can protect her. If they'd realized Bedeze still couldn't use his power, that fiction would no longer protect her. Beyond that…" She pulled away slightly. She reached into her robe and produced two items. One was a standard Evil Piece; Runa's Queen. The other shone like a magical beacon; Bedeze's King PIece. "Taking these will make people ask questions. There will be far fewer questions if they're dead."

"Few people knew Bedeze had the King PIece. By killing him, you prevent people from realizing he is weaker than he should be." I surmised.

Medea nodded. "Among other things, yes. I…" The pieces vanished back into her robe. She pulled herself against me again, resting her head against my chest. "They tried to hurt us. They tried to hurt you. I refused to allow them to get away with that."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"You didn't need to know." Her arms tightened around me. "I didn't want you to be burdened by being involved in your Uncle's death, even if he was a terrible uncle. The curse I used notified me when it took effect. I expected to have time to arrive at the scene before it was discovered and erase evidence. I don't know how someone got there before me. If I knew that bitch of an interviewer would use that picture to try to–"

"It's okay." I cut her off. Her voice was picking up. She was getting more animated, more angry. I gently ran circles over her back with my hand.

She sighed, relaxing. "I'm sorry, Balthazar."

"Don't apologize. I'm not mad Bedeze is dead. He tried to take everything from me. And like you said, he was a loose end. I'm not thrilled that you were plotting to kill one of the only family members I have left behind my back, but I understand why you did." I pulled back slightly, gently lifting her chin so she looked me in the eye. "In the future, please don't surprise me like this again. We're a team. Don't feel like you need to handle something alone to spare me pain."

"I will. I'm sorry. I didn't want you to have to…"

She trailed off as I leaned in and kissed her. "It's okay. Now, as much as I'd like to stay here with you, I kind of set Sairaorg on high alert."

Medea's hand snuck up around the back of my head, pulling me back into another kiss. She pulled away with a frustrated huff. "Do not be gone too long."

"I just need to have a quick conversation with Sairaorg and Kuisha. I'll be back soon. Actually, speaking of Sai, have you made any progress on–"

"Your thank you gift?" Medea cut me off. "I believe I am close. I've made several breakthroughs in the week following the Rating Game. I'll tell you about them when you return."

I dashed in to give her one last quick peck on the lips. "Until then."

I backed into a Hole and was gone.

"Bal! Over here!"

I turned to the sound of Sairaorg's voice. The former Bael's peerage was gathered around Sairaorg's mansion. Some stood on the roof. Others patrolled the ground below. They were all close enough to support each other should they need it. Kuisha was at Sairaorg's side. She walked at his side as he approached.

"Did you see the news?" Sairaorg asked. "They're ruling it a murder suicide."

"Yes. I came to tell you it was okay to stand down. I'm sorry for putting you all on alert for nothing."

Sairaorg waved me off. "I'd rather be prepared and have it be a false alarm than be caught by surprise. No harm done."

"Sai, may I have a moment with my brother?" Kuisha said slowly, eyes fixed on me. She was frowning minutely.

Sairaorg looked back and forth between us, a considerate frown on his face. "Sure. I'll bring everyone back inside. When you're done, feel free to stop in and have lunch, Bal." He turned around and started calling out to his Peerage. They flew down from the roof and converged on their King, heading into the mansion.

"Would you walk with me?" Kuisha asked, motioning away from the house.

I fell into step beside her, walking into the field beyond Sairaorg's mansion.

"Sorry for worrying you over nothing." I said.

"Our uncle mysteriously turning up dead is a good reason to worry me. He may have been an ass, but that did not mean I wished him dead."

"How are you handling the news?"

She shook her head. "I said I didn't wish him dead, not that I cared about him. The news of his death only concerned me after I received your warning that whoever perpetrated his death might come for us."

"Sorry about that. I was caught off guard during the interview and just reacted."

"It is fine."

We lapsed into silence. Cresting a small hill, a view far off into the distance was revealed. Sairaorg's property didn't have the same forests mine did. There were sparse trees here and there. The majority of the land was a grass-covered prairie.

"This is the first time we have really had to converse since the Rating Game. Congratulations on your victory."

"Thanks?" I said, still taking in the view.

"Bal?"

"Yeah?" I turned to face her and frowned. She looked conflicted.

"We've… We've discussed something like this in the past. You are not entitled to keep me apprised of everything you do, but I would like to be informed."

"We did. Sorry I didn't let you meet Matatabi before the fight. We were busy preparing."

"That isn't what I'm…" She sighed. "Bal, you are powerful. Very powerful."

I pursed my lips. "I've worked really hard at that."

"I knew you were training, but I… Why didn't you tell me what you were capable of?"

"I told you I'd be able to beat Bedeze."

"Yes, and I worried for months because I didn't see any evidence of that claim. How long have you been able to blow up a mountain in one blow?"

"That one is actually a fairly recent acquisition."

"And the rest?"

I sighed. "What do you want me to say here, Ku? I can do a lot. I've never had a reason to fight anyone seriously like that before, so it hasn't come up. I've been keeping things close to the chest so no one would take advantage of my peerage. Now that you know who they are, I'm sure you can understand that."

"I can. I understand hiding things from the Underworld. Sairaorg is still hiding Regulus. I just… You know you can tell me anything, right? I'm your sister, Bal. Hell, I raised you. I'm not going to use anything you tell me against you."

I smiled sadly. I could understand where she was coming from. She did raise me…at least until my previous memories returned. She'd done a lot for me, and I was grateful for that. With that said, there was a distance between us ever since my memories returned. I took care of myself and she let me. That's not a point against her, it is just a fact.

She was my sister. I counted her as one of my firm allies. Did I count her among my closest allies? No.

Maybe that was wrong of me. Maybe I was a poor sibling. I only counted my peerage as close allies. Maybe I had problems trusting and was being overly paranoid by not trusting Kuisha with more, but I couldn't predict the future. She was Sairaorg's Queen.

Sairaorg was my ally right now. I'd been taken aback by just how willing he was to help me with the Rating Game. I hadn't forgotten that, and I would repay him just as I would repay everyone who had supported me to get me where I am.

Still, I couldn't predict the future. Kuisha wanted to be Lady Bael. If Magdaran and Sairaorg's pleasant meetings turned sour, I might be pulled into a conflict with them and be forced to choose sides. If that happened, I would choose whatever path forward secured my peerage's prosperity. I wanted Kuisha to live a long and happy life, but if it came to choosing between her and my peerage, I would put my peerage first.

Maybe I was a bad brother.

"How much do you know about Hole?" I asked Kuisha.

She seemed surprised by the question. "What do you mean?"

"What all can you use it for? Bedeze was a one trick pony. Hole isn't the most powerful Devil Trait, but it is very versatile. I can show you some tricks some time. We can make a regular thing of it." I wouldn't be showing her how to reach past the Dimensional Gap, but I could show her some of the other tricks I'd learned. It would give me a chance to spend more time with her and hopefully show her that I did appreciate her and everything she'd done for me.

Kuisha smiled softly. "I'd like that."

"We'll talk later about scheduling. I need to go stand down my peerage."

"Not staying for lunch?"

"Coal is still flying the perimeter of my lands right now. I need to let him know we're not about to be attacked." I opened a Hole. With a wave, I said, "I'll see you soon, sis."

"Take care, little brother."

I stepped through the Hole and was gone.


X


The next few days passed by pretty quickly. I'd made the executive decision as Lord Abaddon and King of my peerage that we would all have the time off to do whatever the hell we wanted to. We'd done nothing but prepare for the Rating Game for months, so everyone deserved some time off.

Coal was in the process of setting up a new hoard. With Matatabi's help, he'd found a cave a fair distance from the manor and was piling up gold coins, jewels and other knick-knacks. He didn't sleep in the house anymore. He was more comfortable in his draconic form sleeping on a pile of gold than he was in his devil body sleeping in a bed. I couldn't relate, but so long as he was happy.

Matatabi had been spending a lot of time around Coal and his new hoard. I think she liked the shiny things just as much as he did. She would shrink down to her house-cat size and curl up to sleep on Coal while he slept on his gold. I had a few pictures of her sleeping on his snout. It was really cute.

Shang Tsung split his time between training and lab time. The boost he'd received from draining Runa seemed to be permanent. It gave him access to her magic as well as her strength and some of her skills. The man was reveling in his new power. His time was dedicated towards increasing that power even more.

Aqua, for her part, was spending a lot of time on the Devil Net. She would occasionally slip out of the house through a Keyhole to go…somewhere, but for the most part she spent her time relaxing or navigating through any of forty different forums typing full essay-long posts. I didn't see the appeal, but I couldn't argue with the viscous grin of enjoyment I saw on her face while her fingers flew across the keyboard.

Medea brought me up to speed on what she'd been doing during one of our movie knights. She'd seen videos from Rating Games where powerful pieces were able to infuse their magic or weapons with the traits granted to them by their Evil Piece. Medea had taken this to the next level.

Using Runa's Queen piece as an anchor, she'd tied the Dragon Tooth Warriors she'd created to the Queen Piece's strength and magic. Overnight, the skeletons went from disposable shock troops to a force to be reckoned with. The skeletons were faster, stronger and now some of them could use magic. Medea wasted no time setting up a factory of magical skeletons that could put things together piece-by-piece like an assembly line. She wouldn't need to personally enchant mass-producible items anymore. On top of that, with her new method, she assured me that she could use the skeletons to get our castle built within the year. What had once been a near-two-century project would be completed in just over ten months.

I had the best Queen in the Underworld. Anyone who said otherwise was wrong.

As for me, I just enjoyed the time off. Mail continued to pile up both in the office and in the house as people sent me personal letters that had nothing to do with the business, but I ignored them all. I'd get to them in a week or two. I'd just use the murder of my ass of an uncle as an excuse. People would probably be understanding, or at least pretend to be. They wouldn't be sending me letters if they didn't want something from me, so I could afford to let them stew for a little while.

If I had to guess, the vast majority of the mail I was receiving were invitations to some dumb party where I'd either be expected to kiss someone's ass or someone else would kiss mine. There were also probably a lot of people offering 'generous' sums to trade one of my peerage members away like all of the vultures who swooped in to claim Bedeze's peerage after our Rating Game left him destitute. That was one of the main reasons I hadn't opened anything yet. I was not trading anyone in my peerage. Most devils saw their peerage pieces as things they owned, like shiny jewelry that made them stand out in the crowd. Not me. My peerage were my people, I wouldn't barter them for anything, least of all something as ultimately inconsequential as money. If someone threatened me or tried to force me into doing so, I'd Bedeze them. But I wanted to relax for now, so I'd put it off by simply not reading any of my mail.

Even as I rested, I started making minor plans. As far as the broader future went, most of my machinations were on hold. I wanted to rebuild the strength of the Abaddon Clan. I was already doing that. I wanted to wait for the castle to be constructed before starting any other major projects on my new lands and I was already busy with the business that still only had four employees. I needed to hire more people and plan out what I wanted to do with the land before I moved forward with that.

Opening a settlement or two would be a good start, but that was an entire other headache that I just didn't have the time or energy to even consider right now. I still didn't have a full peerage. When I'd filled out the rest of my peerage's roster I'd start looking into bringing civilians in to live in my lands, but that was still a ways off.

In the short term, I wanted to do something nice for the people who'd helped me. My peerage had free reign to use my bank account for whatever they wanted whenever they wanted. Each of them had a card connected to my accounts that they could use on whatever they wanted, wherever they wanted. This literally would not have been possible without them, so they were my first priority, but there were others.

Medea and I were discussing plans for giving Magdaran a gift to show my appreciation for his support. Despite only working a week, Medea had already worked out how to give Sairaorg his gift. Granted, the method involved Aqua's help and the former Keyblade Master could help anyone cheat with just about anything, but it was still impressive.

The same gift would help me thank someone else I was really glad to have in my corner. Serafall had been running damage control for me for a while now. Even now, I saw her influence in how the world at large was responding to the Rating Game. Aqua had told me she'd come across some news online about Serafall dealing with a lot of crap as a result of some of the secrets I'd brought to light during the Rating Game. I needed to do something nice for her. I had something perfect in mind.

Magdaran, Sairaorg and Serafall would get their gifts soon enough, but I had to take care of someone else first.

Paris was beautiful at night. The lights from the buildings shone together like small stars twinkling on the ground beneath us. I don't know if the Eiffel Tower was supposed to be closed at night given we were the only people up here, but I didn't care. Illusions would hide us and if anyone wanted to make trouble I'd just make them forget I was here. No one was going to fuck up my date night.

Medea hummed contentedly, leaning into my side with her eyes closed. We had a small picnic blanket set out with some breads and meats we'd found in the city earlier today. A separate basket held a bottle of wine and grapes of varying colors.

"Sorry we skipped movie night tonight, but I thought this would be an okay substitute." I said, wrapping my arm around her shoulder and running gentle circles over her arm with my fingers.

"We need to do this more often."

"I'm sorry we haven't gone out much recently. What with the Rating Game and…"

"It's okay. We have time to go out more often now. We can try different places. I wonder what Crete looks like in today's world?"

"We'll go there next. Sorry. I didn't know where else you'd want to go. I knew you enjoyed Paris so…" I trailed off as Medea shifted. She maneuvered herself into my lap and turned her head around to look me in the eye.

"It's perfect. Now stop talking." She kissed me.

I wound my arms around her, holding her against me. "Are you done eating?"

"Yes, why…?" Medea stopped talking as a Hole swallowed us, depositing us onto our bed. "Oh. Oh yes."

I claimed her lips again, holding her against me as my other hand trailed down to the hem of her dress. I hiked it up her legs until it was even with her belly button.

"Balthazar, I want to…"

"Quiet, my Queen. Let me make you feel good."

My hand slid down her stomach, sneaking under the waistband of her panties. Medea gasped as I touched her, tracing ghostly circles over her flesh.

Medea's hands grasped backwards, latching onto my head as I found her nub and massaged slow circles over it. "Balthazar, I want…" She gasped as I slid a finger inside of her, tracing her walls.

I lazily planted a trail of kisses up her neck as she squirmed in my lap. "I have the best Queen in the Underworld."

"I'm–mmhm–the best Queen." Medea moaned in agreement, leaning back into me. She knotted her fingers in my hair, stretching herself against me.

"I don't know what I would do without you." My other hand slid up her body, pulling her dress down so I could play with her breasts.

"Balthazar…" she breathed my name, rocking back and forth into my lower hand as I played with her folds.

I leaned in close to her head, brushing her pointed ears with my lips. "I love you, Medea."

Medea froze in my grasp. Her every muscle snapped taut, tense. Her walls constricted tight around my finger inside her.

Purple hair stole my field of view as Medea rapidly spun around. Lithe hands pushed me backwards with the strength of a lion. I found myself pinned on the bed, lying back. A veil of violet hair blocked the world from my view. All I could see, all I cared to see was the serious expression of the beautiful goddess above me.

"What did you say?" Medea said. Quiet thought the words were, I could feel the power in them, the barely restrained storm they held back.

Slowly, I reached up and placed my palm against her cheek, smiling as Medea unconsciously leaned into my touch. "I said that I love you, Medea."

I saw a shimmer in Medea's eyes. Then her lips were on mine. Her lips parted and I prodded with my tongue. Her hands pinned my shoulders to the bed beneath her as she did her level best to devour my tongue. A crackle of magical energy spread out from each of her hands. My clothes were vaporized with only the slightest flex of her magic. The bunched up mess of a dress clinging to her midsection was gone moments later, devoured by the same violet energy.

One of her hands left my shoulder. I felt her grasp me and line herself up. She fell onto me in one motion.

"I love you." She broke our kiss only long enough to say the words before capturing my lips again as she rode me.

Her tightness and warmth were too much for me. I held on as long as I could, but it wasn't long before I came.

Medea pressed herself down atop me as I released. She laid her head on my shoulder, latching her arms around me and squeezing her thighs tight around my waist. She showed no sign of moving any time soon.

"I love you, Medea." I said again, pressing a gentle kiss into the side of her neck.

She shifted so she was looking me in the eyes. "You've made me a lovestruck mess, master. I hope you take responsibility."

I wound my arms around her back and pressed her down into me, kissing her on the cheek. "Good. You're mine forever, Medea. I'm never letting you go."

"Good." She shimmied to get more comfortable and laid her head on my chest. A pleased smile appeared on her face as I ran a hand through her hair.

When we were both ready, we continued our lovemaking well into the night. We slept late the next day and went at it again.

Life was good.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, NJesus, Potato Nose and 1,969 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Mar 9, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 20
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Mar 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,135
"Hey, Bal." Sairaorg greeted me with a wave.

"Sairaorg, thanks for coming." I opened the door and stepped aside so he could come in.

Sairaorg whistled appreciatively as his eyes wandered around the interior.

High walls of pearl-white stone rose high around us. Magical braziers spread warm light through the area. An army of purple skeletons moved in an orchestrated dance of efficiency, ferrying various items around.

Tables, chairs, pedestals, paintings, bizarre metallic art pieces made from interwoven bands of multi-colored material – Medea had wanted the castle to be 'homey'. A lot of the amenities she'd had the skeletons make, but she'd taken a couple trips to various major cities in the Underworld and bought different pieces she found interesting to brighten up our new home. I didn't mind how the castle's interior looked so long as it was comfortable, so I was letting her take point on the decorating.

The construction that should have taken years had been completed in just a few months. After taking Runa's Queen piece, Medea found a way to use it as a beacon to supercharge her skeletons. She could imbue them with its magical, physical and agility enhancing properties, making the skeletons into what was essentially a mindless army of reincarnated Devil Queens. Instead of using this newfound power to take over the Underworld, Medea used it to finish construction on our castle almost overnight. The force amplifier was definitely welcome, but we wouldn't bring it to bear unless we had to.

Our castle was situated at the top of a large hill. The castle wasn't as large as the Bael's city-encompassing fortress, but it was easily larger than a sizable neighborhood in the human world. Everyone in my peerage had an entire wing to themselves with enough space to accommodate almost a hundred more. We had the skeletons to act as servants, but we still needed servants that could think. I hadn't gotten around to hiring yet due to everything else I had going on. I'd get to it eventually.

"This place is nice." Sairaorg said as I led him through the opulent halls.

"Medea does good work. I hope you appreciate the honor of being my castle's first guest."

He stopped in the hall, giving me an overexaggerated bow. "The privilege does me great honor. I will endeavor to repay this kindness."

I raised an eyebrow at him. "Feeling dramatic today, are we?"

"It's not everyday you get to see the Balthazar Abaddon's new home."

"I'm sure you'll be plenty famous yourself once you step onto the Underworld's stage. Then I'll return the favor and grovel before your majesty."

"Please don't." Sairaorg said, cringing. "I'm actually rather enjoying the quiet life. Being Heir Bael had certain advantages, but I'm more free to do my own thing now. Plus, I'm sure Mag will do a good enough job."

I didn't respond as we kept walking through the hall. If that was really what Sairaorg wanted, it would mess up some of Kuisha's plans. It wasn't really my business though. Whether Magdaran or Sairaorg became the next Lord Bael, I'd still have Lord Bael as a friend.

"So…" Sairaorg said leadingly. "Not that I don't appreciate the invite, but you didn't really tell me why you called me here. Is there something I can help you with?"

"The opposite."

"I don't follow."

I stopped, turning to face him. "You offered to lend me some of your peerage members prior to my fight with Bedeze. I appreciate that. It can't be overstated just how much I appreciate having someone in my corner that'll back me like that. The Underworld thought I was done for. You backed me regardless. I'm returning the favor."

"You don't owe me anything, Bal. You didn't even need the help."

"It's the principle of the thing. I appreciate the gesture and your willingness to help me out of what you thought was a hopeless situation. You've got my back. I've got yours." I turned to look at a small amethyst set into the wall. Gems of various colors and sizes were set into the walls, floors and ceiling of the castle. "Are we ready?"

"I am prepared, master." Medea's voice spoke through the gem.

"That was faster than expected." I turned back to Sairaorg. "Sorry. I was going to show you around while we waited. If Medea's already prepared though, then I guess the tour will have to wait for some other time. There's no reason to delay."

"Delay what?" Sairaorg asked. He took a surprised step back as Medea shimmered into being at my side.

"We're going to the hospital." I said. A Hole slowly opened up around us, slow enough that Sairaorg could avoid it if he wished so he knew it wasn't an attack.

A moment later, the three of us were standing in a white-walled room. A beep rhythmically shook the air. Sairaorg sucked in a breath.

"Bal… What is this?" Sairaorg sounded tense. His fists were clenched. His eyes flicked between me and the prone form of a brown-haired woman laying on a gurney in a medical gown. Her eyes were closed. Her face was at peace.

"I told you already. I appreciate you having my back. This is me showing you that appreciation and assuring you that I'll back you like you backed me. I'd appreciate it if you kept quiet about the exact circumstances surrounding this event. People will guess, but I'd rather they not have concrete evidence. Medea?"

"Of course, master." Medea stepped forward, hands disappearing into her robes to retrieve several glowing vials as she approached the slumbering form of the bed-bound woman.

"What are you…?" Sairaorg had started to move towards Medea, hands reaching towards her to stop her.

I laid a hand on his arm, holding his gaze as I said, "Trust me, Sai."

He did not look comfortable with what was happening nor pleased, but Sairaorg abandoned his pursuit of my Queen, watching her like a hawk.

Medea uncorked the vials in her hands. The first, she upended, sprinkling the slumbering woman's body with glowing blue liquid with speckles of silver. The woman's mouth parted in a gasp. Her eyes were still closed.

Medea lifted the second vial to her lips, pouring the green contents into the woman's mouth. She placed her hand over the woman's lips when the vial was empty. My Queen had been working on a cure to the Sleeping Sickness for a while now. I'd asked for her help thanking Sairaorg and she'd leapt at the chance to test her magic against a seemingly incurable disease. She'd met with some issues at the start. Once Aqua and Shang Tsung pitched in their help, those hurdles were quickly overcome.

The woman's peaceful expression shifted in discomfort. Her head twitched to the side. Her shoulders shook as she began seizing.

"Mom!" Sairaorg called desperately. I placed a hand on his chest to stop him from running to her side. Sairaorg's eyes snapped to meet mine. For the first time since I'd met him, I saw Sairaorg's easy-going demeanor fade away. Murder was written in his eyes as I blocked him from approaching his imperiled mother.

"…Little…Lion?"

As if he'd been splashed in the face with water, the rage in Sairaorg's eyes was gone. An expression of pure shock was in its place. The faintest trace of hope leaked through as he looked past me to the woman on the gurney.

Eyes droopy, hair a mess, Misla Bael slowly sat up, pressing her palm against her forehead. She looked confused, eyes darting between Medea, Sairaorg and I. "Sai? What… What happened?"

Sairaorg was at her side the next moment, pulling her into a crushing hug. Misla winced. Sairaorg pulled back, checking her over.

"Mom? Are you okay?"

"I'm… I feel weak."

"You've been asleep for a long time. It will likely take you some time to grow accustomed to the waking world once more." Medea said as she stored the empty vials away.

"Medea and I will get out of your hair so you two can catch up. I recommend calling the nurse in to check her over before trying to move her." I said. "If there's any other issues, call me and I'll see what I can do. Please keep mine and Medea's names out of this little miracle if you'd be so kind." I had enough attention on me already after the Rating Game. I didn't need even more people after me because I could wake up devils thought to be caught in eternal slumber.

"Bal, you… How…" Sairaorg closed his eyes, taking a deep breath before meeting my eyes and nodding. "I don't know how you did this, Bal, but thank you. Whatever you need, whenever you need it, just tell me."

I shook my head. "This isn't a loan or a debt, Sai. It's a thank you. Enjoy your time with your mother."

"Sai? What's going–" The rest of Misla's words were lost to me as a Hole swallowed Medea and I.

"That went well." Medea commented.

"I would agree. I expected more issues waking her up."

"I have a raven monitoring her condition. If there are complications, I will deal with them."

"Thanks, Medea."

"Of course, master. Are you still planning on continuing with the second awakening?"

"After seeing how easily Misla woke up, there isn't really a reason not to. We only benefit by waking her up too."

"Call me when you need me."

"Will do. I'll see you in a bit."

A Hole pulled me away from the castle, off to keep a meeting with another individual.


X


"Hey, Balthazar. Have a seat." Serafall greeted me as I walked into her office.

I raised an eyebrow at her as I sat down. "No more 'barbel'."

She pouted at me. "You ruined my nickname. Barbel doesn't work anymore since you're a Viscount now. There's not any great combinations for that. The best I could think of was barcode, but it's too far removed from the actual title."

"I'm sure you'll be able to think of something. So, you wanted to talk?"

When I'd called Serafall to set up a meeting to thank her for how she'd helped me, she'd expressed interest in wanting to have a conversation with me. Given all the trouble Aqua had reported that Serafall had been dealing with since the Rating Game, it wasn't hard for me to figure out why she wanted to go over the details of everything that happened.

"There's a couple things I wanted to go over, but I should probably start with the most important." Serafall sighed, rubbing her forehead. When she looked up at me, her expression was serious. "Balthazar, I need to know what Medea did to Bedeze."

I considered her expression. She was polite or outright jovial in most of my interactions with her. Right now she was guarded. She suspected something. Medea told me that she'd covered her tracks. Evidently, the Satans had been able to piece together that something beyond the obvious had happened. We'd expected that they would probably notice Runa's Queen Piece was gone when Beelzebub checked her over for soul tampering, but I hadn't expected them to catch on to Bedeze's situation with him being killed so soon after the Rating Game. That wasn't really an issue. I was planning to bring this up to Serafall during this conversation anyway. I'd come prepared.

I held my hand over Serafall's desk and opened a Hole. A brilliantly glowing red chess piece that radiated demonic power appeared on Serafall's desk.

Serafall inhaled sharply at the sudden appearance of Bedeze's King Piece. Her eyes were fixed on the object, as if it held answers to some great mystery in her mind.

"That was…?"

"In Bedeze's chest, yes." I said.

Serafall slowly reached out to pick up the King PIece.

"I'd like to leave with that by the way." I said before she picked it up. "You're free to look it over if you need to, but I'm taking it back with me."

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "Balthazar, I cannot let you put this thing in–"

"Oh, no. I don't want to use it on myself." I quickly corrected the misunderstanding. "That would be dumb."

Serafall looked surprised, so I kept speaking. "With how much Demonic Power this thing gives off every moment, I would probably pop like a balloon if I used it on myself. Then there's the examination Medea did of it. It would boost my power, but it would also make it nearly impossible to get any stronger beyond that. No, I'm planning on using the thing as a battery."

Now serafall just looked confused. "A…battery?"

"Like I said, it gives off a lot of Demonic Power. You'd be surprised what Medea can cook up with access to something like this. You have my word that it won't be going in anyone else's chest. I'm not even going to let anyone know I have it. You're the only one outside my peerage who knows. Not even Kuisha is aware." Maybe I really was a bad brother? Did not trusting your sister with a literal key to phenomenal cosmic power and instead trusting the Satan who might try to steal that key make me a bad brother? The answer was probably yes.

Serafall had a complicated expression on her face as she looked at me for a good minute. She finally sighed, picking up the King Piece and turning it over in her hands. "If you have a sudden unexplained jump in power, I'm going to call Ajuka and have him pull this thing out of you. Just use it as a battery and there won't be any issues."

"Cool. Glad we can both leave here happy."

"Does Medea still have Runa's Queen Piece?"

So they did know about the Queen Piece beforehand. The Satans know that Medea can remove Evil PIeces.

Yeah, I needed to get the Satans firmly on my side before they started to think I was too dangerous to let wander around. Serafall and I were on good terms, but there were three other Satans I had never met that might start to see me as a problem better dealt with permanently if I didn't play ball with them. The ability to unravel peerages by removing Evil PIeces was not a power they would want in the hands of an enemy. I still wanted to be independent from them, but it would be beneficial for both of us if we were close allies.

"She does. She's not using it on anyone. It's… She is kind of using it like a relay to boost her own Queen Piece. It's letting her get a lot more done for our business than it would otherwise. We wouldn't have finished construction on our castle yet without it."

"Don't ever let it see the light of day again and don't tell anyone she has it. So long as no one learns about it, it isn't my problem." Serafall said. She set the King Piece down on the table in front of me. "Do you have any idea how Bedeze acquired this? Few even know they exist." Her eyes narrowed. "And how did you know enough about it that you knew it would be worth it to take it from him?"

I'd expected a minor interrogation session following the reveal of the King Piece, so I'd come prepared.

"Medea is really good at figuring stuff out. You wouldn't believe the secrets she overhears. Even beyond that, I have my own methods to acquire information."

"Methods you used to find Medea in the first place, right?"

"Among other things."

"I need more than that, Balthazar. You can't just keep pulling shit out of your ass and throwing it in my lap. At the very least you need to warn me, in detail, before you do something else. Giving me vague warnings about 'consequences' isn't enough. I could've gotten ahead of a lot of the problems I'm seeing in the wake of your peerage's reveal if you'd trusted me to prepare for them. As it is, there's only so much I can do in the aftermath."

That was…a reasonable request. If I really wanted the Satans on my side, I'd need to extend some trust. If I wanted them to trust me. I'd need to reciprocate. I already had something planned for this meeting that should help me with that. As far as trusting them with how I got my information was concerned… I wasn't too sure what to do about that. I'd have to talk it over with Medea first.

"What kind of aftermath are you dealing with?" I asked, sensing Serafall had brought the topic up for a reason. The subject change also gave me the chance to come back to the trust topic later.

Serafall sighed. "Nothing I can't deal with. People are making problems and trying to claim that members of your peerage were stolen or kidnapped and need to be returned. It isn't anything I haven't dealt with before."

"You've dealt with a lot of kidnappings?"

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "Not all reincarnated devils are reincarnated willingly. A large part of my job is dealing with the aftermath of an asshole lord kidnapping the wrong person's kid. We're trying to bring more accountability to the Evil Piece system. It's slow going."

"Far be it from me to tell you how to do your job, but couldn't you just not give people peerages if they're going to cause problems?"

"It'll look like we're playing favorites and keeping specific groups among the devil populace deliberately weak. Trust me, Balthazar. We've thought about this a lot. We're still working on it."

I let the topic drop. It wasn't a big secret that a lot of devils mistreated their peerage. The vast majority of peerages were little better than slaves with the only exceptions being peerages whose kings treated their pieces fair and peerages high up in the Rating Games rankings where the pieces had shown they were valuable. It sucked, but it wasn't really my problem. I had my own issues to deal with. Maybe a hundred years down the line when all of my personal problems had been dealt with I'd take a crack at sorting it out, but I needed to focus on myself right now.

In the pursuit of seeing to my own interest…

"How many peerage pieces have you used?" I asked Serafall out of the blue.

She seemed slightly surprised by the question. She knew I was asking for a reason if the way her eyes narrowed was any indication. "Why are you asking?"

"It's common knowledge that Behemoth is your Rook, but there isn't much else online about your peerage. I was wondering if you'd reincarnated anyone else and were just keeping them a secret." The Devil Net was full of entire forums dedicated to various powerful individuals in the Underworld. The Satans each had biographies, known peerage listings, feats – anything people could get their hands on really. Serafall's only listed peerage member was the Behemoth from the Book of Job. That matched with what I knew from my previous life. I didn't know if Serafall secretly had anyone else in her peerage, and I needed to know if I wanted to enact my plan to solidify my place as Serafall's ally.

Besides, she'd done a lot for me both before and after the Rating Game. I'd paid back Sairaorg by waking up his mom. I had plans to help Magdaran out. This was my plan for repaying Serafall.

Serafall's expression was unreadable as she studied me. After a few moments of silence. She raised her hand and waved it over her desk. Appearing in the wake of her hand was a set of 14 glowing red chess pieces. The only pieces missing were a King, which was to be expected of a devil peerage, and a Rook. The number of them was as I'd expected. It was the quality that stunned me into silence. Five Pawns, two Knights, one Bishop and the Queen piece all positively thrummed with demonic power.

"How do you have so many mutation pieces?" I asked, completely shocked. Over half of her remaining pieces were all mutation pieces. Devils were lucky to get one mutation piece. I'd heard of only a couple instances where someone received two mutation pieces but never any more than that. Did Ajuka pull some strings for her?

"We keep records of who receives Evil Pieces when and whether or not they get any mutation pieces. I've traded favors and items for unused mutation pieces over the years. I want a strong peerage and I'm very picky about who I reincarnate. Behemoth was the only one who met my standards. I've spent a long time looking for other candidates. In the meantime I've been gathering mutation pieces in case I need them."

"Is that a mutation Queen?" I asked, unable to look away from the shining beacon of power standing proudly atop the desk. I'd never heard of anyone getting a mutation Queen before.

Serafall picked it up, smiling proudly as she spun it between her fingers. "One of the only two to ever manifest. Maybe someone else will receive one in the future, but for now it is practically priceless. A reincarnated devil descended from some Aztec god received it as part of her Evil Pieces some two-hundred years ago. She had a respectable lineage, but not much else going for her. She was…not being treated well and wanted out. I practically created a new noble family around her and got her out from under her old King's thumb in exchange for this. She's big in the Rating Game circuit now. Top 100 if I remember right."

"What would–"

"Not for sale." Serafall cut me off, expression turning deadly serious as the Queen piece vanished from her hand.

I raised my hands defensively. "Not what I was asking. I already have a Queen. I'm more interested in the Bishop, one of the Knights and a Pawn. Actually, while we're on the subject, how do you have so many mutated Pawns?"

"Simple statistics," she said, shrugging. "Each Evil Piece set comes with eight Pawns. The chances of Pawn emerging as a mutation piece are far greater than any other piece just because of how many there are. It's a lot easier to trade for them because they aren't nearly as valuable as the others. They're still worth a lot, but I'm a Satan. I can get them for comparatively cheap. I could have more, but I figured five was enough. I don't even have any potential peerage recruits in mind that I would use them on."

I pursed my lips, staring longingly at the mutation pieces sitting on the table in front of me. A lot of potential recruits I'd wanted for my peerage were simply too strong for me to reincarnate. If I had Serafall's pieces, that wouldn't be an issue anymore. I'd come here today intending to give Serafall a gift. I could easily alter my plan to barter what I was going to give her for one of the pieces.

"You look like you just bit into a lemon. What's on your mind, Balthazar?" Serafall asked. The Evil Pieces on the table vanished with a wave of her hand.

I sighed. "I was just debating the merits of trying to trade something I planned to give you for free for one or more of your mutation pieces. I think I've come to the decision that I'd rather have you as a friend than a business associate. And I do owe you for everything you've done for me. I'm still going to give it to you as a thank you gift."

Serafall raised an eyebrow as she sat back in her chair. "You have something you think I would trade multiple mutation pieces for? Are you finally going to tell me where to find the White Dragon Emperor?"

I sat back, confused. "Did I not already tell you? He's with the Fallen. Azazel practically raised him, so good luck trying to recruit him willingly, and I would advise against recruiting the White Dragon Emperor against his will."

Serafall's eyebrows furrowed. "The Grigori have the White Dragon Emperor? Shit. I'll… I'll need to do something about that. Can you tell me anything else?"

"In the spirit of being more open with my information so you know I'm not out to screw you over, I'll also tell you that the kid is descended from Lucifer."

Serafall froze. "That's impossible. Sirzechs would never…"

She trailed off as I shook my head. "No, Lucifer Lucifer. I think he's Rizevim's grandson or something like that."

She was quiet, just staring at me. "Are you absolutely sure about this?"

"100%. Kid's name is Vali Lucifer. He's got silver hair and a serious attitude problem. He'll probably come after Issei at some point looking for a fight with his eternal rival, so make sure Sona is aware to be on the lookout. It would also probably be in her best interest to keep Issei's identity under wraps for as long as possible."

"She'd already planned to, but I appreciate the warning." Serafall shook her head. "That's not much of a thank you gift, Bal. All you've done is give me more work to do."

"Oh, that wasn't the gift. You asked about the White Dragon Emperor so I told you. No, I had something else in mind. You know how Heaven's Sacred Gear system is a gordian knot of complexity and stupidity? It's not uncommon to find new Sacred Gears no one has ever seen before because they never attached to hosts before."

"I'm aware." Serafall said slowly, watching me intently.

"So, theoretically, there could be Longinus Sacred Gears that are still undiscovered, right?"

"You know where a new Longinus is."

"It took a lot of help from Medea, but I was finally able to track down the location of an individual I believe will be of interest to you." I'd known of this individual since my first life, but I had no idea where she was being kept. After I told Medea about the people I might recruit locally, she looked into it. She'd finally tracked the girl down. She was being kept at a safehouse in the human world where devils wouldn't think to look.

"What does the Sacred Gear do?"

"I haven't seen it in action yet but it should have something to do with water and dragons. It's wielder is currently…indisposed. That's one of the main reasons I didn't want her for myself. But I think you would be interested in her regardless of her Sacred Gear."

"Why is that?"

"Her name is Ingvild Leviathan, descendant of your predecessor. I'm not the most politically savvy devil around, but I imagine having her serving under you would go a long way to legitimize your station as the New Leviathan."

Serafall was quiet as she absorbed the information. "Nothing is ever this easy. There's a catch somewhere."

"Nothing from me, but she is currently a guest of the Old Satan Faction. Not exactly a willing guest because she's also a victim of the Sleeping Sickness, but I can deal with that. The harder part will be placating the Old Satan Faction when they realize you stole one of their precious heirs."

"You can wake up victims of the sleeping sickness?"

"Medea can."

"Don't spread that around. There are a lot of older devils suffering from it who should stay asleep. What do you want in exchange for this girl?" I could see the calculating gleam in her eye. I had her attention. She wanted Ingvild.

"I'm really tempted to ask for one of your mutation pieces, but I won't. This is a thank you gift. You've done a lot for me. I appreciate it, and I'm on your side."

Serafall pursed her lips, watching me. "Where is she?"

"A cabin in the human world. We've already got a plan to capture her. After that, we just need to wake her up."

"We?"

"Medea, Aqua and I. They're just waiting on my word and we can pull this off."

"If she's really a descendant of the Leviathan, they wouldn't leave her undefended."

"They didn't, but it won't be a problem. We can take care of them in a way where they won't be able to report back and there will be no evidence of foul play."

"That's a pretty big claim."

"They're not expecting an attack and I have advantages they won't expect. No one will know what happened. You'll be able to reveal Ingvild whenever you want. Hell, keep her a secret forever if you want."

"And you're just giving her to me? Just like that?"

"You've helped me out. I may be a pain in your ass, but I'm on your side. You guys have had your issues running the Underworld, but you're far better than any of the alternatives. The way I see it, strengthening you strengthens me. We're allies after all, right?"

Serafall grinned, amused. "Right. So!" She hopped up out of her chair and clapped her hands. "When are we doing this?"

"Do you have time now?"

She made a big show of turning to look at the clock hanging on her wall. "I guess I could make some time."

I bowed dramatically. "Thank you for your consideration, your satanessness. Please follow me." I opened a Hole and we both stepped through it.


X


This job sucked.

Talgar Fleurety bemoaned that he'd, once again, been put on guard duty. Things had calmed down a lot since the Civil War. The New Satans had won a victory, but they hadn't won the war yet. The Old Satans would return to their rightful place in time. For now, they needed to regain their strength.

This led to Talgar often being sent to menial jobs like this. He longed for combat, the feel of his enemy's blood caressing his flesh. He loathed sitting around doing nothing.

But he was loyal. The sleeping girl in his charge was important, one of the few still alive descended from true devil blood. Her lineage was mixed, impure, but there was still value to be had from her. Should she ever awake, she would make a fine supplicant of his lord. Perhaps even if she continued her slumber she could be useful. There were…avenues they could potentially pursue.

Talgar looked down at the still form of the girl beneath him. Her lavender hair spread around her like a halo. Yes, this girl would be a fine offering to Rizevim should she ever awake. Talgar would need to ensure the researchers redoubled their efforts.

Talgar turned to leave. A point of darkness opened around him before he could react. Suddenly, he was somewhere else.

The wooden walls and floor of the cabin were gone. He was surrounded by sand on all sides. A scorching sun soared high in the sky. All around him, points of darkness rapidly appeared before disappearing, leaving his fellow guards and the researchers working to wake the girl in their wake.

"What is happening!" he roared, enraged, yet eager. If someone was attacking them, he could tear them apart. Was this finally the battle he had longed for?

"That ability… It was Hole! One of the Abaddons is here!" a researcher called.

"Where did he take us?" another asked, curling in on himself in fear.

"I…I can't sense anything but us." a female said, paling in fear. "There is no life here."

Talgar stared into the vast nothingness around him, eyes narrowed. Surely this was a trick. He could fight his way out.

Surely.


X


Well that was way too easy.

I'd expected some resistance, but I'd caught the defenders so off guard that not one of them dodged away from my Holes, allowing me to send them all to the same barren world. They'd spend the rest of their lives there, isolated from everyone and everything they'd ever known. Their sudden disappearance made it seem as if there was no fight at all in the cabin. There were no bodies, blood or destruction. They'd simply vanished.

Ingvild had vanished soon after.

Serafall didn't want me there when the girl woke up. I wasn't sure exactly what game she would play with the girl, but it wasn't really my business. She'd taken Medea's potions and asked me not to let anyone know that she had Ingvild. She probably planned to keep her a secret for the foreseeable future.

That was probably for the best. With no evidence where she disappeared to, the Old Satan Faction might suspect their own people had taken her after betraying them. That would give Serafall some time to figure out what she wanted to do.

As for me…

I stared down at my hand, still not quite believing what I held. A red glowing Knight shining like a magical beacon rested in my hand. I'd told Serafall that the information on Ingvild was a gift. She'd still insisted I take this from her. I didn't put up much resistance. Why would I? It was a mutation Knight.

We'd traded unused Knights. I was now in possession of a mutated Knight I could attempt to use to reincarnate someone. After a brief discussion with Medea, I'd determined it would be best if I found someone who was gifted with Holy energies. The Old Satan Faction might put together that we were behind Ingvild's disappearance. Beyond that, my own uncle had already come after me. It would be foolish to assume no other devil would follow in his footsteps. I needed a hard counter to any devils that sought to act against me.

I closed my fist around the Knight, banishing it. Here goes nothing.

A Hole swallowed me.


X


A battered man sat at his small fire, poking the embers with the point of his spear in an effort to stoke its warmth. The muted sheen of his breastplate reflected the light of the fire around the small alcove he had made his home. The necrotic flesh of his arms was bound tight with wrappings enchanted with his healing magic to preserve what little he could in this place that drained away his Light.

Spoiler: A Broken Angel

It was cold. It was always cold in this place. Great glaciers and biting winds choked away almost all traces of warmth.

He'd been trapped here for so long he had given up his attempts to track the time. The cold and darkness of this place weakened him. Still, he persevered. The blessing granted by his goddess, muted though it was, shielded him. The will forged from centuries battling the denizens of Hell saw him through even the coldest nights.

The man frowned consideringly. He considered a fragment of glowing pale ice lodged in his arm. Perhaps the burden he carried helped him survive in this place as well? It was hard to say.

The man's eyes narrowed, his grip on his spear tightened. He knew this place well. Trapped as he was, he had little to do but observe. The ebbs and flows of his frigid prison were familiar to him.

The spark of magic he felt behind him was alien.

Ivory angelic wings spread wide behind the man's back in warning as he whirled around, bringing his spear up defensively. He aimed the point at the blonde-haired figure walking slowly towards him through the snow. He could feel the demonic forces clinging to the man's body like smoke.

"Many of your brethren have already fallen to my might, devil. You would be wise to leave me be." His words were no lie. When he'd first found himself trapped here, demons crawled up from the deep crevices in the ice and attempted to drag him down to their unholy pits. Those who had not fled fell. This place and the circumstances surrounding the way he had been trapped here weakened him, but he was still more than strong enough to deal with weak hellspawn.

The devil, for his power was unmistakably hellish, raised his hands up and ceased his advance. "I'm not here to fight. I was hoping to talk." He gestured to the fire. "Could I share your fire for a moment?"

"I know not what you intend, devil, but you will find I am not accommodating to the forces of Hell."

"You're right that I'm a devil, but I am not of the Hell you are familiar with. May I at least say my piece? I mean you no harm. I will leave you in peace if you refuse what I offer."

"I want nothing you have. Begone."

"Not even if I could free you from this place?"

The angel's grip on his spear tightened. "That is impossible."

"I know about the shard inside you, holding you captive when you should be able to fly away on your wings. Not only can I get you out of here, but I can remove that shard as well."

"And what would be the price you require for this service?" the angel asked, suspicion thick in his voice.

"I would reincarnate you into a devil. You would be my servant, my Knight."

"I must refuse, devil. Whether your words are truth or lies, I am already in service to the most radiant Sarenrae. My freedom is not worth failing in accomplishing the task she has set before me."

To the angel's surprise, the devil did not grow angry or even irritated. He nodded his head, a sad smile on his face.

"I'd be lying if I said I thought you'd accept. I thought I'd try anyway. I will respect your decision. I will, however, leave you with this." A flash of fire heralded the arrival of a sheet of parchment in the devil's hand. "Should you change your mind, you can use this to contact me. When your enemy reveals itself, remember this flyer. I would agree to fight at your side and see your mistress's will done in exchange for you entering into my service. Think on it."

A point of darkness swallowed the devil. The sheet of paper drifted on a current of chilled wind towards the angel.

The angel relaxed, tucking his wings behind him as the devil's flyer landed atop his dying fire. The edges of the parchment caught fire, reigniting the dwindling embers of the angel's fire.

He allowed himself a small smile as he sat down in front of the renewed flame, basking in its warmth.

Perhaps devils were good for something after all. This parchment could keep him warm while he continued his vigil, waiting for the task his lady would bestow upon him.

He frowned. If the task proved too great… If he was not strong enough…

He would give anything to see Her will done. Becoming a devil's pawn was not an attractive ending, but his enemy was too powerful for him to fight alone. Dismissing options out of hand would not serve him nor his mistress.

The angel settled in by the fire, tucking his wings around himself to fend off the cold. He had time to think.


X


"Hi, honey." Medea greeted me the moment I stepped back into the castle. She stood up on her tiptoes and planted a kiss on my cheek.

I caught her as she went to step away, pulling her against me and pressing a kiss to her lips. "Hello, my Queen."

Medea wound her arms around me and laid her head on my shoulder. "I notice there isn't an angel with you."

"He said no. We barely even talked."

"Did you leave him a flyer?"

"I did."

"Then that's all you can do. There are other potential Knights you can reach out to."

"Yes, but I'm struggling to think of any other Holy warriors that might consider accepting my offer. It's practically certain that other devils will make problems for us sooner or later. I want someone who can take advantage of their inherent weaknesses."

"We'll keep looking." She kissed me on the cheek before pulling back. "Now come on. I want to show you my new workshop."

I took her arm and let her guide me through the halls of our castle. I said it was our castle, but she'd built it. She knew every hall and corridor. I was still having trouble finding my way around the enormous structure.

"Are you working on any interesting projects?"

"Well, ever since we reforged Perfected State and bound it to you I've–"

Medea froze. She tensed at my side, her grip on my arm like a vice.

"What's wrong?" I asked, preparing to open Holes to call my peerage to me. I'd never seen anything shake Medea like this. Were we under attack?

"I… I…" Her grip went slack. Fumbling fingers grasped at my hand, seeking an anchor. She stared off into the distance at nothing. There was a faint violet glow in her eyes. "My mother just walked onto our lands."

Spoiler: Author's Note: Who was the angel?
Last edited: Mar 23, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Shinso, Rorrim|mirroR and 1,902 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Mar 22, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 21
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Apr 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,488
Medea's finger tapped an anxious rhythm against the armrest of her chair, eyes fixed straight ahead. She didn't see what was in front of her, yet her gaze was still intense. The magical glow in her irises showed her an image far away, approaching our castle.

I reached over and gently took her hand. "Are you okay?"

"She will know." Medea said, lips thinning into a line. "With the domains of her divinity, I cannot hide it from her. She will know I am not her daughter. I do not know how she will react. It is possible she will attempt to remove the stain against her daughter's memory. If that happens, we will need–"

"Medea," I interjected gently. "She's your mother."

Medea shook her head. "She is not my mother just as I am not her daughter. It's impossible to guess how she will react to me. There will be similarities, but…" Her voice cracked. She ceased speaking. This was tearing her up. I could see it. She wanted so desperately for this woman who she'd just said wasn't her mother to be her mother, but she was forcing that hope down.

"Do you want me to tell her to leave?"

Medea's gaze snapped up to meet mine, looking past the scrying spell she was still focusing on. "I… No. I need to know."

"Okay. I'll be right here with you."

Medea focused back on her spell, watching a goddess walk through our lands through the eyes of her familiars.

I didn't know much about Idyia prior to her sudden appearance in my lands. That alone told me a little bit about her. She hadn't announced her intentions to visit my lands and I'd received no warning of any kind. If I had to guess, I'd be willing to bet that she hadn't cleared her presence in the Underworld at all. That spat in the face of a bunch of treaties between the Greek pantheon and Hell, but the goddess evidently didn't care. I wouldn't be surprised if the Greeks didn't know she was here either. From what Medea told me, this world's Idyia had been missing for thousands of years now. The goddess was presumed dead. It seemed she'd come back to life and immediately traveled to the Underworld to knock on my door.

Medea had given me a brief summary of her mother's powers as I alerted my peerage to the situation and put them all on standby. As far as combat potential went, Idyia was not overly impressive on the divine scale. She was still a goddess with all the power of one, but she was a minor goddess whose domains and power were more focused towards other areas. Idyia was referred to as 'The Knowing Goddess'. That apparently translated into some inherent power that let her understand the world and its inhabitants, but I didn't have much detail on how exactly it worked.

We were in a castle whose every brick was built to act as a defensive measure against attackers. I was confident in our ability to defend ourselves if Idyia decided to strike, but I was more concerned for wounds that cut deeper than physical ones.

Save for anxiously tapping her chair, Medea was stiff as a statue. She did not move. She barely breathed. My Queen had been shaken from the moment she noticed Idyia's approach. I don't think she ever expected to see her mother again, let alone an entirely separate version of her mother in a different reality. She was terrified of this encounter, but I could see the faintest trace of hope in her eyes.

I really wanted this to go well for her. If Idyia made my Queen cry, I don't know what I'd do.

"She is approaching the castle." Medea said.

I gave her hand a gentle squeeze. "I'm right here with you."

Medea squeezed my hand tight like it was her only lifeline. She rose from her chair. "Thank you."

We walked in silence to the great double doors at the main entrance to our castle. Violet skeletons and animated mithril armors moved around us. None were positioned in a hostile manner, but their presence was noteworthy; a precaution Medea had insisted on. It was as if she was expecting hostility, like she was burying any hope of a pleasant reunion with this goddess who was yet was not her mother.

The doors lurched open, slowly swinging wide.

A woman of ethereal beauty stood at the threshold of the door. Her hair was dark like a stone splashed with sea water. The white dress she wore seemed to be barely there, the material so light and thin that it billowed with her every movement. She was barefoot. A shadowy raven was perched on the fingers of her right hand; the familiar Medea had sent to guide the goddess to our castle.

The raven let out a shrieking caw, flapping its wings and flying away from the woman's hand. It swooped through the air. Diving down, the raven was absorbed into the shadows of Medea's robe.

Medea's eyes met those of our guest. Both women froze. Time seemed to stand still as no one so much as breathed. The moment stretched.

I decided to try to help Medea get through the initial meeting. I stepped forward and said, "Welcome to the House of Abaddon. My name is–" That was as far as I got before the woman moved.

She did not run. It was as if she levitated forward without moving any of her limbs. White, spectral afterimages were left in the goddess's wake as she rapidly crossed the space and appeared in front of my Queen. I nearly summoned a Hole to pull Medea to safety when I saw what had happened.

The woman's arms were wound tight around Medea in a crushing hug. Her eyes were squeezed shut; tears leaked through the corners of her eyelids.

Medea stood ramrod straight, arms fixed to her sides as her mouth opened and closed. "I… You… We…" She tried multiple times to speak, but her words continuously failed her.

Idyia pulled back just enough to look down at Medea. She was several inches taller than her daughter. She gently lifted Medea's chin so the witch would meet her eyes. "You… You are not the daughter I lost. You are an echo, a summation of her greatest triumphs and her worst failings; made manifest to serve another's purpose." A change passed over the goddess. Her eyes drifted over Medea's shoulder until they found me. I felt murder in the air as the goddess glared at me. It was as if I was lost at sea in the midst of a thunderstorm with nought but a raft. "Did he…?" The oppressive atmosphere was gone as soon as it had arrived. "No. I see now." Her attention returned to her daughter. She smiled, leaning forward.

Medea's breath caught as Idyia kissed her forehead. "I…but…"

"The Fates have seen fit to return my daughter to me. You are not the Medea I lost, but I would have you in my life. If… If you would accept me in it?" Idyia said, suddenly nervous. Somehow, the goddess looked small, like a frightened rabbit huddling away from a fox.

"I…" Medea threw her arms around Idyia, burying her head into the taller woman's shoulder.

Idyia held Medea close as the witch began to weep. She slowly lowered Medea to the ground, cradling the back of her head and gently rocking her back and forth, whispering sweet assurances.

I felt very out of place. I stood awkwardly to the side as the two had their moment, doing my best not to intrude.

As if purely to give me an excuse to give them some space, my phone started ringing. Looking at the caller ID, I saw it was Serafall. I really shouldn't ignore a call from Satan.

"Medea, Serafall's calling. Will you be okay if I talk to her? I can put her through to voicemail if–"

"It's okay." Medea said, voice quiet, lacking its usual power and confidence. She was still hugging Idyia close. "We're okay."

"Call if you need me." I said, walking towards the hall as I answered the call, giving them space and finding a clear room so I could speak to Serafall privately.

"Hello?"

"Where are you right now, Bal?" Serafall asked the second the call connected.

"Um… I'm at home. What's going on?" She sounded serious. It was a little concerning.

"I just had several reports come across my desk. They're not painting a great picture. I've got people watching the church. Remiel apparently came down from Heaven a little while ago and has been asking about you."

"…Should I know who that is?" She'd said the name like it was important, but I didn't know many angels outside of the big ones. Michael, Gabriel, Azriel, Metatron – anyone whose name wasn't common knowledge in my first life didn't really mean anything to me. That was a bit of a weakness now that I thought about it. I'd need to do some more in depth research on the angels once this Idyia situation was dealt with. Maybe I'd be able to find a local peerage recruit? Doubtful, but possible.

"He's important and powerful. That's all you really need to know right now. I can fill you in more later. The point is that something's happening. Sirzechs's people alerted him that someone just blew through one of our checkpoints to enter the Underworld. They said that whoever she is, she had divine backing. It's probably nothing, but keep your eyes peeled for any angel or priestess types sniffing around your lands."

"Umm… This individual wouldn't happen to have black hair would she? Kinda tall? Wearing a white dress?"

"…How do you know that?"

"She walked into my castle like two minutes ago."

"Are you safe?" I heard the shift in Serafall's tone. This had gone from a head's up call to a potential fight.

"Woah! We're good. Everything's fine… I think. We still need to talk a bit, but it's not anything that you need to involve yourself with. Just a…spontaneous family matter."

"Bal, please don't tell me this priestess is your long-lost mother or some other bullshit like that."

"What? No. Totally not my mom. I'm pretty sure my mom's dead. Actually, now that I think about it, I never did get the full story about how I came to be."

"Focus please. Who is she and what does she want? Do you need me to stop by to scare her off?"

"No. We're good. In the spirit of keeping you informed and letting you prepare yourself for potential fallout though, I do need to share some details with you."

"I'm not gonna like this, am I?"

"She may not be my long-lost mother, but she might be Medea's."

There was silence on the other end of the call.

"Serafall?"

"Are you telling me that Idyia, a goddess thought to have died several thousand years ago, just turned up on your doorstep unannounced to see her daughter?"

"That pretty much sums it up, yeah."

The silence stretched.

"Serafall? You still there?"

"It is a really good thing that I like you and you gave me a really nice present. If you were anyone else, I wouldn't put up with this shit anymore."

"Speaking of, how is Ingvild adjusting?"

"She's adjusting fine. I'm going to… I need to…" Serafall sighed dramatically. "Keep your phone near you. I may or may not show up in person to meet with the dead Greek goddess that decided to illegally enter the Underworld. Call me the second anything goes wrong." The line went dead before I could say goodbye.

Now that I'd given Serafall another aneurysm, I figured it would probably be best to get back to Medea. It felt like I'd been intruding on a very personal moment when I'd left the room. That being said, there was still a foreign god I'd never met before alone with my Queen. I didn't think Idyia came here to try anything nefarious and I had a platoon of adamantine armors watching Medea, but it was probably better if I rejoined them.

When I stepped back into the hall I noticed Medea and Idyia were no longer present. A suit of animated armor walked towards me and pointed down an adjoining hall. I followed the wordless directions of various animated suits of armor until I came to a small dining area. Medea had designed the castle to have several different dining areas so we could accommodate different sized groups. This was the smallest of them, meant to accommodate no more than four people at once.

Inside, a purple skeleton carried a tray laden with drinks and scones between two seats. Medea and Idyia were sitting side-by-side. The seats across from them were empty.

The tears that were present before were gone. Both women had bright smiles on their faces as they conversed quietly. I was considering whether or not entering would interrupt whatever discussion they were having when Medea noticed me.

"Bal! We were waiting for you. The skeletons are already preparing lunch. What did Serafall want?"

"She was giving me a heads up about an angel looking into us. I'll tell you more later." I said as I sat down across from my Queen, leaving out the part where Serafall had panicked thinking that Idyia was one of Remiel's agents who had illegally broken into the Underworld. I didn't want to make Idyia think I was accusing her of anything. She was cordial enough now, but she'd spent all of the time she'd been here with Medea. I didn't know her long term plans for coming here or if they involved trying to take Medea back to Greece.

…Would Medea want to go back to Greece – or Colchis – if her mother asked her to?

"My daughter has been informing me of recent events that transpired in her life." the goddess herself pulled me from my thoughts.

I smiled cordially at her. "Things have been rather eventful recently."

"Events beginning with you reaching across worlds to save her from certain death. 'Eventful' indeed."

My smile slipped slightly as I held eye-contact with the goddess. Knowledge was her primary divine domain and Medea was her daughter to boot. It made sense she was able to figure out more about my Queen than anyone else we'd come across so far. I still didn't know what to make of her casually admitting to knowing one of my most closely guarded secrets – my ability to reach between worlds.

"Do you have an issue with how I recruited her?" I asked, deciding being direct was my best course of action here. If Idyia had an issue with me, I wanted to sort it out as soon as possible. Having a goddess from the Greek pantheon passive aggressively messing with me did not sound like a good time.

"No. You are a devil. It is in your nature to be self-serving. My daughter has made it clear to me that she is satisfied, nay, pleased with this arrangement. That is the most important factor in my reckoning."

"Mother," Medea said, frowning slightly. "Please do not turn this into an interrogation."

Idyia chuckled softly. "That was not my intent. I merely wish to ascertain the measure of the man now claiming to be your King. He is…acceptable. Tell me, Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, what is my daughter to you? Just another devil chess piece?"

"Mother!" Medea hissed, now openly glaring at Idyia. Idyia didn't acknowledge her protest. The goddess's eyes were fixed on me. Her ocean blue orbs bore into mine. I swore I could see flowing waves reflected in her irises.

"I love your daughter." I said honestly. Medea tensed, blushing furiously before fleeing into the hood of her robes.

"And your intentions?" the goddess continued. "Both towards Medea and the future?"

"I don't have great ambitions. I want to rebuild my house to respectable standing and ensure myself and my friends can live comfortably. Outside of that, my only goal is to make sure no one can take away what I plan to build. Medea…" I looked at my Queen. Her face was hidden in the shadow of her hood, likely by a minor charm she cast while I wasn't looking. I could still see her eyes, peering through the dark with violet intensity, watching my every move.

"I love her." I repeated. "I will never force her to do anything she is not willing to do. I will assist her in accomplishing her own ambitions. I want to live with her by my side."

"Will you take her as your wife?" Idyia asked.

A skeleton had entered with soups on a tray. The skeleton froze mid-step. The armored golems surrounding us had been fidgeting slightly. They froze too. The heart of the castle we sat in seemed to cease beating in the wake of Idyia's question as if waiting to hear my answer.

I didn't look at Idyia. She was asking the question, but she wasn't important right now. My gaze were locked on the glowing purple eyes glaring out from Medea's hood.

"I would never press her into anything she wasn't ready for. We have not been together long. But if she would have me, yes. I will. And it would make me the happiest devil to ever live."

A tremor passed through the castle. Brief, barely there, but impactful nonetheless. Motion resumed. The skeleton laid a soup in front of each of us before departing.

Idyia nodded, focused now on the soup in front of her. "I am satisfied. Thank you for indulging my questions, and for indulging my unannounced visit. I realize I have intruded upon your territory. When I learned my daughter lived, I wasted no time. I had to ensure she was whole and treated well. I have satisfied that goal. If you wish compensation for my rudeness, I shall pay it."

"That's not necessary." I said, relaxing slightly as I felt the tension in the room slowly bleed away. "I'm glad to facilitate Medea reuniting with her mother."

"Balthazar…" Medea trailed off, her eyes narrowing. She pulled her hood back. She was frowning in irritation, like she'd been interrupted. "Serafall Leviathan just arrived. She is approaching the front gate of the castle."

"The Satan of Foreign Affairs?" Idyia asked. "She is likely here for me. I did not submit myself to the proper channels when I journeyed here. Their procedures would have required me to wait for weeks. I did not wait. Seeing my child was far too important. I am sorry to cause you more trouble."

"Don't worry about it." I said. "Serafall and I are on good terms."

"Serafall is requesting entry." Medea announced, a magical glow covering her eyes.

"Would you be willing to meet with her?" I asked Idyia.

"Yes. In fact, it would be better if we spoke." the goddess replied.

"She's coming in. I'll have the golems direct her to us." Medea said.

The three of us sat in silence, sipping our soup as we waited for Satan to join us. Another skeleton entered the room and set a drink and a fourth soup bowl down at the empty seat next to me before promptly leaving. Serafall entered soon after.

The Satan of Foreign affairs wore a black skirt suit with a white undershirt, calculating eyes flicking around the room as she stood on the threshold. No one spoke.

"Would you like to sit?" I asked her, more to break the tension than anything. "We have soup."

Serafall nodded. "Thank you." She sat down next to me, but left her soup alone. She stared across the table at the goddess sitting across from her.

Idyia didn't meet Serafall's eyes, unbothered by the Satan's glare. She enjoyed her soup with a content smile on her face.

"Idyia, the Knowing Goddess." Serafall said.

"That is my name and title." Idyia confirmed, finally meeting Serafall's gaze. "You have my apologies for bypassing your entrance procedures. They would have taken far too long."

"That's not the part that worries me." Serafall said. "As far as anyone knows, you're dead. Were the Greeks hiding you away for something? Am I about to get an unwelcome visit from Zeus demanding I return you to him?"

"Should he make such demands, you may inform him that I told him to fornicate with a farm animal. Zeus and his Olympians hold no authority over me. I divested them of their ability to call on me after the abuse they instigated against my daughter. Though it would be unlikely that any of them will come looking for me. They do not know I am here."

Serafall's eyebrows furrowed. "You left without telling them."

"No." Idyia's eyes unfocused, looking at something far away. "I slept for many years; far more than I intended. Once my eyes closed, I never found a reason to open them. My absence led many to believe I had perished. I did not learn of this until rejoining the world. Correcting this misunderstanding lacked precedence. I needed to see my daughter first."

"So the Greeks think you're dead too?" Serafall asked, expression turning considering.

"I cannot know for certain without seeking them out, but it is likely." Idyia confirmed. "My haven was well-warded. Few knew where to find me. Only my closest sisters and the witch who helped me ward the cavern were privy to my whereabouts."

"Circe," Medea said suddenly.

Idyia nodded. "It was she who informed me of your return. Had she not, I would likely still be asleep."

"You said you wanted to see your daughter," Serafall said, looking pointedly at Medea. "Now that you've seen her, what do you plan to do next?"

"Medea and I discussed that prior to your arrival." Idyia frowned. "Though I will need the approval of Lord Abaddon."

I blinked, surprised to suddenly be the center of attention. "What do you need from me…ma'am?" I didn't know exactly how to address a minor goddess like her. I settled with respectful but not reverent. I probably should've asked Medea prior to meeting her. Hindsight is 20/20 and all that.

"You may call me by my name." Idyia said almost offhand before continuing. "There is nothing left for me in Greece. I left my home to be with my husband and my family. My husband passed from this world many years ago. Colchis is no more. Even were it still standing, those who made it home no longer reside there. I am in need of a new home. With your blessing, Lord Abaddon, I intend to make a new home for myself here. I will not intrude upon my daughter's castle , but I would like to construct my own domicile in your territory. Medea showed me a small pond several leagues north of this castle. I intend to expand it into a lake and make my home there."

There was a lot to unpack there. Idyia had shown up less than an hour ago and was already asking me to let her live on my land? A goddess was asking to live in my territory? I could understand wanting to be close to your only living family, but wouldn't a member of the Greek pantheon living in the Underworld cause problems? Actually, Serafall was capable, she could sort that out.

Another point of interest was Idyia's intent to expand the pond. Water was scarce in Hell being that it was…Hell. I had some small lakes and minor streams in my territory, but nothing large enough to support a settlement. Bodies of water like that were held by the Pillars, increasing their influence and wealth. If Idyia could really just make more water… There was some potential there that I could explore later if this all actually worked out.

That wasn't even mentioning the statement I would be sending to the Underworld if I let Idyia move in. I would have an actual Goddess living in my lands. On top of what the rest of the Underworld had already seen from me, this would cement into their minds that I was not to be messed with.

I looked across the table at Medea, trying to gauge her opinion on Idyia's request. She gave me a sharp nod that I returned.

"Provided you treat my people and territory with respect I don't foresee any issues with allowing you to live here." I said to Idyia. "You're welcome to stay in the castle until we're able to plan and construct a separate living space for you."

"Thank you, Lord Abaddon."

"Just call me Balthazar or Bal. You're Medea's mom. It feels weird for you to call me lord."

Serafall had been watching our exchange with intense interest. "Are you planning to keep the fact that you're alive a secret?"

Idyia shook her head. "That was never my intent to begin with. Others made incorrect assumptions. I will not hide my presence, but nor will I advertise it."

Serafall pursed her lips. "You'll need to keep out of sight for at least a week. There's a lot of paperwork I need to do to get ahead of this."

Idyia nodded. "That is a simple enough request to fulfill."

"Good." Serafall said. She drained the wineglass in front of her in one go and stood, adjusting her suit. "Bal, I'll call you when everything's put together. This is going to be a major pain in my ass. It's a good thing I like you."

"I appreciate it, Serafall." I said, genuine. "I…might have an idea for another present for you. Once this whole thing is sorted out, clear out a day in your schedule so we can talk. Be prepared. Things'll get…weird." Medea and I had talked at length about various issues. We kept coming back to the problem of needed strong allies when someone inevitably tried something against us. Serafall was by far our most powerful ally, and she'd proven to be trustworthy and willing to work with us if for no other reason than to solidify her own position. It might be time to show her exactly how strong of an ally I could be for her.

Serafall's eyes narrowed, reading something in my expression. She sighed. "Balthazar, you are simultaneously the greatest thing to happen to me in the last hundred years and the single most aggravating problem I have ever dealt with. I'll be in touch." She left without any fanfare.

"That was a lovely conversation." Idyia said, dabbing her lips with a napkin. She was the only one of us who had finished their soup. "Now! I believe I was promised a tour of this castle you built, Medea. I want to see everything." Idyia stood up, pulling Medea to her feet behind her. The two walked out of the room, leaving me alone.

I watched the skeletons robotically gather the dishes and file out of the room. I was sitting there, just trying to absorb the absurdity that my life was becoming. I was going to be next-door neighbors with a literal goddess who may or may not become my mother-in-law.

"Balthazar,"

I turned around in my chair to see who'd called my name.

Medea's head was poking around the corner of the door. Her hood was down. There was a light dusting of red to her cheeks. Her eyes refused to meet mine. Softly, she said, "Ask me properly. Make it special." She was gone the next moment, vanished in a blur of purple hair.

I stared at the space she'd vacated for several seconds, processing the words she'd said, running them through my mind over and over, hoping they meant what I thought they meant.

I relaxed in my seat, smiling happily as I stared at the ceiling.

Ask her properly? Make it special? It might take a little while, but I could do that.


Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Potato Nose, Origami Mountain and 2,007 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Apr 20, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 22
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
May 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,620
Getting Idyia settled was far simpler than I'd expected it to be. Medea had already helped her to scout the location she planned to build her home by scrying and she was fully capable of constructing her own domicile. She wasn't the strongest goddess, but a daughter of the Oceanus certainly had her share of tricks where water was concerned.

Introducing the members of my peerage to the goddess who would be spending the foreseeable future in our company was similarly smooth. Matatabi took one look at her and shrunk down to her house cat form before leaping up into the goddess's arms and taking a nap. Coal was still with the two of them, chatting away the hours with Idyia. From what Medea had told me, the two hadn't known each other well, but they had interacted on occasion in ancient times.

Aqua and Shang Tsung didn't react too strongly to her presence. Aqua said she was glad Medea had her mom back and that said mom was pretty. Shang Tsung mumbled something about divinity before scurrying off to his lab. I'm sure he's fine.

Medea was still helping get Idyia settled in. She wanted to spend more time catching up with her mother. I certainly wasn't going to stand in the way of that.

Unfortunately, I couldn't hide away from the world secluded in my own little pocket of the Underworld forever. I'd been neglecting most of my obligations in the wake of the Rating Game. It was time I got back to it.

I'd spent the morning poring over paperwork in my office. Despite the work Latia and the mindless skeletons had put in while I was gone, there was quite a backlog I had to get through. Requests for absurd enchanted items, offers to meet to discuss 'peerage placement', invitations to discuss new facilities that might interest me – most of the pile I'd sifted through I'd burned immediately after reading. I didn't have the time or the energy to spend playing nice with everyone suddenly trying to be my friend.

"I told you it was a mess."

I looked up. Kuisha entered my office, flanked on either side by a skeleton carrying a large stack of even more papers.

"And I believed you. That doesn't make it any less irritating." I pushed away from my desk and stretched. I'd been sitting for too long. I could get back to this later.

Standing, I narrowed my eyes before smiling, feeling a trace of power in the air. "How are you feeling?"

Kuisha frowned. She pulled her hair to the side, revealing the small Hole pressed up against the back of her neck. "I finally understand why you were always so exhausted when we were younger. You were subjecting yourself to this torture the entire time, weren't you?"

I'd shown her some of the tricks I'd figured out with our bloodline ability, not least of which was the way I sucked my demonic power away into a pocket dimension to hasten my growth. Kuisha was enjoying the experience about as much as I had; not at all. I'd told her it would likely be less effective for her because she was already grown through her adolescence and couldn't supercharge it the way I had. She knew that, but she was still determined to use it for whatever small advantage she could gleen.

"I drained more energy than you're draining right now. Other than that, yes." I said.

"How much more?"

"Sixty percent more. Give or take ten percent."

Kuisha shook her head. "If I'd known, I would have slapped some sense into you. This does not feel worth it."

"Then why keep at it?" I asked pointedly.

Kuisha pursed her lips, letting her hair fall back down her back, obscuring the Hole she was using to drain away her demonic power. "You haven't spoken to Sairaorg recently." It was a statement rather than a question. It didn't feel like an accusation though.

I'd been busy recently. Coordinating with Medea and her familiars to learn more about the angel Serafall had warned me about. Settling Idyia in. Setting meetings with the few individuals who had bothered being polite to me in their letters and who I actually had an interest in meeting. With all of that going on, Sairaorg had been low on my priority list. Still, it hadn't been that long ago since I'd seen him. Had some issue arisen with his newly awakened mother?

"I haven't. Is everything alright? Is his mother having problems?"

"The opposite." Kuisha said. She motioned for the skeletons to set their stacks of papers down on my desk, sitting on the sofa in my office as she did.

I walked around the desk and sat on its edge, looking at her curiously. "Now I'm intrigued. What happened?"

"Suffice to say my plans for the future have been thoroughly dashed. Though I can't say I am too upset with the outcome. Sairaorg will almost certainly never become Lord Bael."

"Did something happen with Magdaran?"

"No. He was not involved in any way. After Misla was well enough to get her bearings, she sought out her parents, Lord and Lady Vapula."

"I can imagine they suffered quite the shock seeing her up and about after the Sleeping Sickness."

"They did. Skipping the unimportant details, they were overjoyed. Evidently, they have been trying to have another child ever since Misla was young. They have been unable to. When she fell ill and Sairaorg was ejected from the Bael Clan, they thought their Clan's days were slowly coming to a close. Then their daughter awoke. Misla took Sairaorg to meet them. They have been supplying Sairaorg with minor assistance from time to time, but nothing substantial. Sai didn't want them to be at odds with the Baels as a result of their attempts to help the disgraced heir. With Misla awake once more, they've stopped caring about repercussions."

Kuisha shook her head, smiling fondly as she looked at nothing. "Sairaorg showed them how he'd 'tamed' Regulus. One of the most powerful lions in history tamed by their bloodline power. They were overjoyed. They named him Sairaorg Vapula on the spot. He is now heir to the Vapula Pillar. His mother has been reinstated into the Pillar as well, though she made it clear she does not want to be the Pillar's head, preferring to leave that duty to her son."

I blinked. For a moment, I was stunned into silence. "Um… Wow. How come I haven't heard anything about that?"

"It has yet to be announced. The formalities have been conducted, but you are the first outside the family and their peerages to know. Sairaorg wanted time to warn Magdaran and prepare the peerage. He's looking for a new place to house us. His mother has assured him it isn't an issue, but Sai wants to give her back the house we've been living in. He wanted everything sorted out before the formal announcement was made."

I sat back, processing all of that for a moment.

It made sense that the Devil Pillar known for their power to tame lions would leap at the chance to have Regulus amongst their 'achievements'. I just never would have expected them to make Sairaorg their heir. Maybe with Misla, their daughter, waking up, they felt more secure subsuming the disgraced Bael if it meant they could also reclaim their daughter? I didn't know. I'd definitely need to talk to Sairaorg sometime soon though. This was big. With him as heir of the Vapula Clan, Magdaran as Heir of the Bael Pillar and myself as Lord Abbadon…

I shook my head. Plotting was Medea's job. I'd tell my Queen about this and leave the finer points to her.

I reached across my desk, opening one of the drawers and pulling out a leaf of documents.

Kuisha looked confused as I held the packet out to her. "What's this?"

"A collection of over fifty properties formerly owned by our uncle. They all transferred to my ownership when I won the Rating Game. I already took the ones I was interested in and that bordered my territory. These are all of the ones spattered at random points around the Underworld that I was planning on selling. Look through them and pick whichever one you want. Take ten for all I care. It'll give Sai a new place to live so he can give his mother her house back."

"Bal… I can't pay you back for this. Not right away, at least. If you let me–"

"Unnecessary. You're my sister. Sai's my friend. Tell him it's a congratulatory gift to celebrate his new title."

Kuisha stood. She took a step towards me, hesitating a moment before pulling me into a hug. It didn't last long, but it was nice. "Thank you, Bal. I… I'll need to look these over."

"Take your time. Like I said, I have no plans for any of those so don't feel pressed into making a decision. Feel free to tour the properties with Sai. You should be keyed to the wards. If you have any issues accessing them just let me know and I'll sort it out."

She smiled warmly. "Thank you, Bal. I'll let you know when we've made a decision. You should come by some time. Misla wanted to properly thank you for waking her up and Sai's been asking about you."

"I'll come by when I can. I've been busy lately. My distance isn't personal."

"I know." Her hesitation was short-lived this time as she quickly hugged me again. "I have to get some work done. Thank you again."

I waved as she left, turning back to the stack of papers on my desk. I'd made enough of a dent to consider today worthwhile. I also did not want to deal with any more of that today. I picked up a letter scribed in dignified script.

I was really curious about what this man wanted with me.


X


I hadn't expected him to agree to meet with me so soon. I'd called the return number in his letter and he'd agreed to meet me for lunch. I picked a neutral, public location in the more wealthy part of Lucifaad.

I was the first to arrive, sitting at our table alone as I looked over the menu. I felt eyes on me from all sides. Conversations slowed to a halt and quieted in my presence. I was quite the spectacle even here nestled in the heart of high society.

The attention was unwelcome, but it did make sense. This was my first public outing as Lord Abbadon. Since the Rating Game, I'd hidden away in my office and my lands, dealing with the aftermath of defeating Bedeze. I hadn't been seen by myself in public since the event. I could see in the eyes of the faces watching me, they were all debating whether or not to approach me.

Thankfully, interesting as I was, a man arrived who stole the attention of the entire restaurant the moment he stepped through the door. Hair white like snow. Thick red regalia draped his form like curtains embroidered with gold. He was tall, cutting an impressive image as he walked through the restaurant. My presence had excited people. He stunned them into silence. It was as if they beheld the approach of a god. I heard a stunned woman whisper, "The Emperor." in reverence as he passed. I stood as the man reached my table.

Smiling warmly down at me, Diehauser Beliel bowed shallowly at the waist in greeting. "Lord Abaddon, thank you for agreeing to meet with me."

I returned the bow. "Lord Beliel,"

Diehauser chuckled. "Please, Lord Beliel is my father. I'd ask that you simply call me Diehauser."

"Then please address me as Balthazar." I motioned to the table. "Shall we?"

We both sat. A waitress came by to take our orders before scurrying away.

"I was surprised you agreed to see me so soon." I began.

"I am the one who sought out a meeting with you. It would have been rude of me to postpone things."

While that was certainly true, devils typically had ego problems and liked messing with those they believed to be 'lesser' than themselves. Even with my new status as Viscount and head of the Abaddon Clan, any family from the pillars still held more official standing than I did. The letters I'd received reflected that. The vast majority outlined exact dates and times where I would arrive at a Lord or Lady's home as if I was at their beck and call. I burned all of those.

Diehauser's letter was different. He politely asked to meet me at my leisure. I appreciated the respect. It was why I agreed to sit down with him today.

"Your letter said you wished to discuss my Rating Game?" I said, leadingly.

"Among other things. First, allow me to congratulate you for your victory over Bedeze. I've fought him myself on many occasions. He was a fierce opponent." He frowned. "Allow me to also offer my condolences for his passing. He and I were not close, but I will mourn him as a rival."

"Thank you for your congratulations and your condolences, but I cannot claim all the credit for his defeat as my peerage did most of the fighting. And while it may sound callous to hear, there was no love lost between myself and my uncle. He abandoned me before I was old enough to walk. He only re-entered my life when he saw something to be gained from my success."

Diehauser's frown deepened. "I'm sorry to hear that. Family is one of the greatest treasures one will ever know. It pains me to think that Bedeze would cast his aside so easily."

"I concur. Luckily, I have found a new family in my peerage."

"I am happy to hear it. Like many, I watched your match. Multiple times in fact. I was impressed with what I saw. You have gathered an impressive peerage around yourself."

My eyes narrowed, unpleasant suspicions about Diehauser's true motives for calling me to meet with him plucking at my brain. A very specific member of my peerage was at the forefront of my mind as I regarded the first ranked Rating Game champion. "Yes. I have had many lords approach me seeking to trade for some of my pieces. I have not responded to any of them. My peerage is not for sale. They are my friends, not my slaves."

Diehauser sighed tiredly. "I wish I could say such attempts will cease. Unfortunately, the more successful you become in the Rating Games, the more they will pester you. Prepare yourself for that."

I sat back in my chair. Maybe I was wrong. Diehauser didn't want my peerage? Then why was he here?

"I don't currently have plans to continue attending Rating Games." I said, buying myself a moment to school the near-hostile glare I had fixed Diehauser with when I'd thought he'd come to barter for my peerage.

Diehauser tilted his head in confusion. "You don't plan to continue? After defeating Bedeze, you are in a great position. You cannot take his third-ranked seat from a single match, but you would surely be able to place in the top ten after a second match against someone of comparable strength. Provided you performed as well as you did against your uncle that is. There are many perks to being among the upper ranks of the Rating Games."

"I'm sure there are, but I never intended to fight in the Rating Games to begin with. The only reason I challenged my uncle was because it was the cleanest, most efficient way to resolve our issues. I'm an entrepreneur, not a tournament fighter."

"Can you not be both? I don't know how busy your business keeps you, but I imagine you still have some time outside of it. One of the perks of being high ranked is that you only need to fight when you choose to or when you are challenged. It has been over half a year since my last match. There is a lot of downtime."

"You seem invested in seeing me in the Rating Games."

"A new, young face can shake things up. That'll keep everything interesting. One of my main purposes for meeting with you today was to help you plan how to continue after your debut match."

I focused on something specific he said. "'One of'? What are the others?"

Diehauser looked away, smiling sadly. "There's only one other." Slowly, he met my eyes. "Aqua."

My suspicion was back in force. The Underworld had taken Bedeze's incorrect assumption about Aqua's origin and ran with it. I hadn't made the truth known because it would protect Aqua from people looking to use her. The downside was that I knew the Belials would come calling eventually. That's why I asked Diehauser to meet me in public. I expected this to come up during our little chat.

"Aqua is–"

"Please," Diehauzer said, holding up a hand. "I'm not here to demand she be returned to the family or anything else so extreme. I just… Can you tell her I'd like to see her? That I'd like to get to know her? We don't want to pressure her, but I do want to get to know my cousin. I'll meet her on her terms, however she chooses."

I pursed my lips, trying to figure out what to do here. In the end, I said, "I will tell her you would like to meet, but the decision is ultimately hers." I'd need to talk things over with Medea and Aqua before anything moved forward here. Aqua couldn't pretend to be a Belial forever. We needed to be careful with how we approached this. Medea was better at planning these things out than I was, so I'd wait to hear her thoughts.

Diehauser nodded, content. "As it should be. Tell her I will wait as long as she needs. Thank you. Now, back to the topic of Rating Games, I cannot make the decision, but I do believe it would be in your best interest to continue competing. You will make more connections than you'd expect. Plus, it's fun."

"I haven't looked into continuing. I don't even know if I'm officially a part of the roster."

"You are." Diehauser pulled out a small phone, his fingers swiping across the screen before turning it around so I could see.

A chart was on the screen. Names were listed top down with a numerical ranking.

"Forty-eight?" According to this chart, I was currently ranked Forty-eighth in the Underworld's Rating Games system.

"You were forty-second immediately following the fight, but a lot of time has passed and there have been many other matches. The intricacies of how the rankings work can get confusing. You beat a man who'd held the third seat for decades, but that was the only fight you've been seen in. You'll need to compete more in order to progress." He put his phone away. "I'd be willing to explain everything and help you get your feet under you."

I sat back in my seat. "What do you expect in return?"

He shook his head. "All I want from you is the chance to meet my cousin. I have no motivation outside of that. Like I told you, New blood in the Rating Games keeps things interesting. You're strong. Anyone can see that. I want to make sure you have the chance to reach your full potential. Cultivating a friendship with my cousin's King certainly wouldn't hurt either."

"You want to help elevate someone who would become your opponent?"

"Rivalries are healthy. We'll fight tooth-and-nail in the Rating Game, then we go out drinking after it's over. I approached Bedeze about a similar relationship. He was…unreceptive."

I smiled, amused. "I can imagine. Well, I can't promise I'll change my mind about participating in the Rating Game scene, but I am willing to hear any advice you have." I wasn't going to make a sudden decision to become a tournament fighter without consulting my peerage, but hearing advice from one of the strongest devils in the Underworld certainly couldn't hurt. Besides, he was right. Cultivating a friendship with this man had innumerable benefits. If being polite was all that cost me, that was a bargain.

"Complete your peerage." Diehauser said immediately.

I raised an eyebrow. "That was quick."

"Because it's important. Everyone can see your current peerage is strong. You wouldn't have beaten Bedeze without them. Unfortunately, they're all known quantities now. That is one of the reasons you're ranked so low after beating your Uncle. You used surprise just as much if not more than actual strength in that fight. A sound tactic, but one that is not exactly repeatable. You need a full peerage if you want to be a legitimate contender. I know of several Rating Game-tested fighters that could fill your remaining pieces. You do not even need to keep them forever. It is common practice to trade seasoned fighters around between different Rating Game teams. You could hold them for now until you find pieces you want to reincarnate in perpetuity."

I frowned. "I would not feel comfortable trading away pieces frivolously. I don't view my peerage as things I 'own', to be discarded when I find something better."

"That is…a valid concern knowing many of my competitors. The pieces I spoke of are different. Paid, professional fighters who move through peerages much like mortal humans move through different sports teams."

"I still would not be comfortable with that." I'm not letting some free agent into my lands, into my secrets just to trade them away to 'random plotting devil lord #4'.

"Then don't do that. But you do need to prioritize filling your peerage. You are strong. Your peerage is strong. People are looking to take advantage of you. More allies on your side will help protect you."

I searched his eyes, looking for some hidden meaning in his words. Was he trying to warn me that someone among the Pillars was trying something?

Diehauser's expression was serious. He held my gaze evenly. "I strongly suggest you complete your peerage as soon as you can."

Well shit. That wasn't a complete confirmation that he was warning me about someone working behind the scenes, but it was certainly enough to kick my paranoia into high gear. First Serafall warns me about a high-ranking angel sniffing around about me and now I have to worry about threats from the Underworld too?

"I appreciate the advice. I'll heed it." I said.

Diehauser nodded, content.

We continued making idle chatter as we finished our meals. He told me about his family and the history of the Belial Pillar. I reciprocated with details about Kuisha and what I knew of the history of the Abaddon family. We discussed various Rating Game champions, the different kinds of matches and their advantages. We ended up exchanging phone numbers. It was a rather enjoyable lunch by the end.

Diehauser and I walked out of the restaurant together, drawing the attention of the entire establishment as we did.

Diehauser turned to me and held his hand out as we exited. "Thank you again for meeting with me, Balthazar. This was a pleasant afternoon."

"Thank you as well, Diehauser. I will contact you after I speak with Aqua."

His face lit up. "I appreciate that. Have a pleasant evening." A teleportation circle whisked him away.

I stared into the space he'd vacated. My mind worked over our conversation.

I needed to complete my peerage. If not because of Serafall's warning or the possible warning I'd just received from Diehauser, simply because it would be stupid not to. I was a target when I opened the shop. Bedeze struck. I became a larger target when I defeated him. Now I had a Greek Goddess living in my lands. I'd be an even larger target when other people learned that. Idyia could help protect me, but she was not strong on the divine scale. Devilkind boasted more than a few individuals that would be enough to deal with Idyia. I needed more support.

I pulled out my phone and dialed a number. It was answered on the second ring.

"Bal, I swear if you're about to tell me that you somehow started a war with Atlantis you need to hang up. I've had a shitty day and I can't take that right now." Serafall sounded exhausted.

Despite myself, I couldn't help but chuckle. "Unfortunately, I have refrained from starting any wars since we last spoke. You've still got that Mutation Bishop and a Pawn, right?"

"I used the Bishop already. You know who got it."

She'd used it on Ingvild then. That was unfortunate for me.

"Damn," I cursed. "You wouldn't happen to know where you could get another one, would you?"

"Why are you asking?"

"I'm suddenly feeling very motivated to fill the rest of my peerage. I was hoping I could trade you something really nice for them."

There was a beat of silence before Serafall spoke. "You can definitely have the Pawn if you get me something nice. I'll look around for another Bishop. Don't get your hopes up though."

"We'll need to meet in person soon. I don't want to talk about this over the phone. I've got something to do in the meantime."

"Let me know when. I'm just about done dealing with the paperwork for your new houseguest. All that's left is meeting their old friends in person. I don't expect it to go well, so be prepared for even more issues coming from them."

I sighed. First angels, then devils, now Greek Gods?

"Thanks for the head's up. Good luck with all that."

"We'll talk later, Bal." She hung up.

I put my phone away and stepped through a Hole that opened in front of me.

"Master!"

Shang Tsung, garbed in his more casual yellow robes, set aside a beaker filled with…blood? That was probably fine.

"Sorry to interrupt your work." I said.

"Your presence is always welcome. How can I help you, Master?" Shang Tsung asked, sounding positively thrilled that I was in his lab. His eyes were shining in joy.

"You're getting better with soul magic. Are you able to converse with the souls of the recently dead?"

"Easily." he said, beaming proudly.

"Excellent. I need you to come with me."

Shang Tsung pursed his lips. In a flash of green, he was adorned in his silver and yellow armor. "Is something wrong, master?"

I shook my head. "No. There's a potential Rook I've avoided going after. I don't want to reincarnate someone who died only to have them displeased with their current situation. That would serve neither of us and potentially create an active problem. I want you to bring their soul forward so I can make them the offer and they have a chance to refuse rather than letting me unknowingly welcome a future traitor into our midst."

Shang Tsung's face turned deadly serious. "I am at your service, master."

"Thanks. Follow me."

Two Holes opened. The first was the size of a portal, appearing in front of me. The second was small, smaller than a grape, opening in the space in front of my solar plexus.

When I first discovered my ability to open Holes to other worlds, I'd found it was a very costly endeavor. I'd nearly burned through a lifetime's worth of stored demonic power in my trip to find Medea. Breaching the Blind Eternities beyond the Dimensional gap was draining.

Ever since recruiting Aqua, the problem had been a non-issue. While my ability to use Hole was more useful in certain respects, her Keyblade was magnitudes better at forming and maintaining connections. With the two of us working in tandem, we could go just about anywhere we wanted with little to no difficulty. It was a fantastic way to shore up the weakness inherent in my jaunts to other worlds.

Still, I'd been searching for another method. I enjoyed spending time with Aqua. Our excursions around Faerun were fun, but I did not like the fact that I was wholly reliant upon her for travel. What if she encountered trouble somewhere and I had to bridge the gap to rescue her myself, potentially failing due to a lack of power? I wanted a solution. Bedeze, terrible uncle though he had been, managed to give me a single gift that I thanked him for even after his death.

Sitting in the pocket dimension connected to the Hole opened near my solar plexus, Bedeze's King Piece radiated so much demonic power as to be a nuclear reactor of magical energy. Initially, I'd considered giving it to Medea for her to magic something up, but she'd already made effective use of Runa's Queen piece. Bedeze's King Piece would forever serve as my battery. Safely locked away in a pocket dimension only I could access, tapping into the font of power radiating from the King Piece would allow me travel wherever I pleased without having to rely on Aqua to stabilize the connection. The King Piece could handle the extra drain required with ease.

Shang Tsung followed me as I walked through the Hole in front of me.

We emerged into a world on fire.

A once grand metropolis burned away. Skyscrapers crumbled, shedding debris to scatter in every direction. Once-paved roads were nought but craters and rubble. The earth heaved, splitting houses in two. The very air was scorched orange. I could feel the toxic atmosphere pressing down around me. It was noticeable even through my natural devil protections. This was the scene of a great war.

"Search around here." I said, wanting to be away from this place as soon as possible. It was unpleasant, but I also didn't want the residents to notice our presence. That would not be ideal.

Green magic flowed up and down Shang Tsung's arms in a rippling dance as he felt around the area. Several tense minutes passed.

"Master, I've found… It's very strong." Shang Tsung said, taking a step back away from a ruined building. Hovering in the air above the ruined structure, a sea of mystical blue light coalesced at Shang Tsung's will, shapeless, barely there, but present all the same.

"Can you transport it through one of my Holes?"

"Yes."

"Good. We'll converse in a pocket dimension."

I opened a Hole and walked through it. Shang Tsung followed slowly, guiding a spectral essence behind him.

"I have given the spirit a medium to speak, master. It's silence is of its own decision not to speak. I can compel it to speak if it continues to disrespect you." Shang Tsung said, glaring at the blue energy sharing the pocket dimension with us.

"That's not necessary. This creature is intelligent, but not in the same way as you or I." I walked up to the swirling energy. It darted about sporadically as I approached. I waited several seconds for it to calm before speaking again. "My name is Balthazar Abaddon. Can you understand me?"

There were no words. No sound. Instead, I felt a prickling in my mind. A warm touch of affirmation. That was certainly interesting.

"I will not waste your time. I am a devil. I am not of this world. I came here in the hopes of reincarnating you as my servant."

Another sensation. An idle caress of curiosity.

"The devils of my world developed a method of reincarnating other creatures into devils. You would be reborn, given a new body to live again. In exchange, you would be my servant for the duration of our lives. Devils live eternally. You would be bound to me for that time."

A flutter of excitement. A breath of concern.

"I would take you home with me. I could arrange for you to visit this world if you wished, but Hell would come to be your home."

A sigh of mourning. A buzzing of consideration.

I remained silent, allowing the entity before me time to think. Its mind was not like my own. It was likely far more difficult for it to reach a decision.

Suddenly, a brush of wonder.

I chuckled, looking at Shang Tsung. "Yes. He is one of my servants; my Pawn." I held up my hand. A glowing red tower appeared, standing atop my palm. "I would make you my Rook. You would be stronger. You would live again, likely gaining a form similar to my own in addition to your greater, true body. My other Rook Matatabi and my other Pawn Coal both manifested human-like bodies upon their reincarnation."

A grasping search for answers.

"I treat my peerage like family. When I do not need you, you will be free to do as you will. Shang Tsung can attest to this."

My Pawn cautiously considered the flowing, translucent blue energy as its attention fixed itself upon him. "My lord has given me everything I have ever wanted and more. He is a good master."

The entity's attention once more was upon me. A moan of sadness. A hum of acceptance.

"Are you sure? I will not force this on you." I asked.

A flutter of humor. A firm affirmation.

"Very well." The dark pocket dimension around us vanished as I opened another Hole. We stood in a vast plain several miles from my castle, but still well within the borders of my territory. "I have never reincarnated the recently-dead. This experience might be slightly painful. Prepare yourself."

The Rook levitated up out of my hand. The blue soulstuff of the creature excitedly flowed around the rook, enveloping it. Together, they rose higher into the air. The Rook glowed bright with demonic power. The azure light of the creature's soul flared. The two energies mixed, resting an explosion of violet energy that lit up the sky.

When the flare dissipated, a great creature was left in its wake. Wings so wide as to encompass a city. Blue-black patterns melding together to form great eyes near the tips of the wings. A smaller body covered in warm fuzz. Azure eyes shining with power. Many legs ending with sharpened tips.


Spoiler: A Reborn Queen


A melody sang forth from the creature as it slowly descended from the sky, beating its wings softly. The song tickled my mind pleasantly. It was as if the creature was singing its joy.

As it neared the ground, the great creature's form changed. Its wings wound around itself. Its body shrunk. Soon, a feminine bipedal form was standing in the field a short distance from Shang Tsung and I, looking at its hands in wonder.

Spoiler: Human-like Form

Her large blue eyes looked up to acknowledge me as I approached.

"Welcome to the family, and welcome to your new home. Come on, I'll give you a tour." A Hole opened next to me.

She tilted her head curiously at the Hole, walking towards it hesitantly. The antennae atop her head flicked forward, inspecting the distortion in space.

Shang Tsung strode right past her into the Hole. She stumbled backwards in surprise. A great smile lit up her face as she hurried through the Hole after him.

I followed, a small smile on my face after watching her. Her curiosity was pretty cute.

"Thanks for your help, Shang Tsung." I'd brought us back to his lab, intending to let him get back to work.

He preened under my praise, smiling wide and bright. "Of course, master. Whenever you have need of me, you need only… Cease that at once!" Shang Tsung dashed around me towards the third figure in his lab.

My newest Rook had walked right up to one of his many bookshelves and plucked a book off the shelf. This on its own, while certainly irritating to him, had not elicited such a great reaction from Shang Tsung.

My Rook opened the book. Her antennae brushed over the pages experimentally. She smiled. She tore a page free from the book and started eating it.

Shang Tsung snatched the book out of her hands, hugging it protectively to his chest as he glared at her.

She frowned, staring longingly at the book, reaching towards it with a trembling lip.

Hopelessly amused by the whole situation, I couldn't help the happy laughter that escaped me. I created a Hole over my hand, summoning a blank book from my study and holding it out to her.

Her eyes shone bright as she almost reverently took the book from my hands. Delicately, carefully, she tore a page free and started munching on it.

"Allow me to formally reintroduce myself. I am Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, Head of the House of Abaddon and your new King." I said, offering my Rook a shallow nod.

She looked up, half-chewed paper in her mouth as she smiled. I felt a tickling at the back of my mind. A merry laugh of joy. The firm grasp of gratitude. There was something else too. Different from the other messages. A single word. Slowly transmitted, yet powerful all the same. An introduction of who she was.

M-O-T-H-R-A
Last edited: May 4, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Norego, TheGodofCheese, misterpink and 2,077 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
May 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 23
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
May 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,930
"What do you want to do?" Aqua asked, looking conflicted.

Medea and I sat across from her in the dining room. I'd just gotten through explaining the finer details of my meeting with Diehauser Belial. Matatabi was with us, but she wasn't paying attention. My Rook had decided that draping herself around my neck like a scarf was somehow the best way for her to nap right now. The flames that made up her body were soft and warm. I was letting her nap.

"That's more up to you than me." I countered. "Diehauser is strong; one of the strongest in the Underworld. Having him in our corner would be good for us. But you take precedence. I don't think we can feasibly maintain a facade of you being a Belial forever."

"We can't." Medea interjected distractedly. She looked deep in thought.

Aqua shook her head. "I don't really want to lie to him anyway. I'm not his cousin."

"Return that immediately!"

All three of us turned to look out the door to the hallway. A fluffy moth the size of a hawk bobbed up and down as it flew through the air, a glowing magical book carried beneath it. A man in striking yellow-silver armor dashed past moments later, grasping towards the tome. Explosions and crashing sounds echoed from the direction the duo headed.

I returned my attention to Aqua as the sounds of chaos slowly drifted out of earshot. "If that's how you want to deal with it, then that's how we'll deal with it."

"Will he still want to help you if he knows the truth?" Aqua asked.

"If he does, I'll consider it a good thing. If not, we still have Serafall in our corner. I'm not going to put you in an uncomfortable position for political convenience."

"If this is the course we have decided on, it is likely best that we inform Diehauser as soon as possible." Medea said. "Waiting too long could serve to needlessly alienate him further."

"I'll send him a message about meeting soon." I pulled out my phone and sent off a quick text, asking Diehauser to meet when he was next available. "Moving on, Serafall's intel."

"Yes," Medea said, frowning. "The angel."

"Have you figured anything out?"

"Nothing about his intentions towards us or his current actions. He was seen entering the Vatican itself. Their wards are too powerful for me to breach without alerting them. All I have been able to uncover is his history. He is the Archangel of hope. Powerful, but not so insurmountable as Uriel, Metatron or Michael. He has been seen many times over the centuries. The reasons he descends from Heaven vary from resolving disputes to hunting down threats the angels deem dangerous."

"I'm assuming he didn't come down to try to resolve Heaven's differences with me peacefully." I said dryly.

Medea chuckled softly. "I do not believe we are that fortunate, no." Her expression turned serious. "If I were to guess, he sees Coal's freedom as a threat to the Sacred Gear system."

"But no one knows how Coal got freed." Aqua cut in. When Medea and I turned our attention on her, she shrunk in on herself shyly. "I've been watching the Devilnet; information gathering, you know? People talk about Coal a lot. All they have are guesses about how he got out of Perfected State."

"They might not know the specifics, but they all know that we must have freed him." I countered.

"Precisely," Medea said. "Remiel, rightly, sees Coal's freedom as a threat capable of destabilizing Heaven's power. Their angels are fewer than the legions that once spanned the entirety of the sky. They need to rely on mortals to spread their power and influence. Knowing that Balthazar possesses a way to free the monsters powering humanity's greatest weapons from their cages is a problem Heaven will need to deal with."

"But…didn't you free Coal?" Aqua said, confused.

"Yes, Medea freed him, but no one outside of our peerage can know that." I cut in, deadly serious. "The true potential of Medea's Noble Phantasm and your own Keyblade are secrets I value as highly as my own ability to travel to other worlds."

"It is likely the truth will be revealed eventually. The longer it remains hidden the better for us." Medea said. She turned to me and said, "It would be ideal if such a reveal was prevented until after you finish reincarnating the rest of your peerage. Have you given more thought to your intended candidates?"

I sighed. "It depends on if Serafall can get me a Mutation Bishop or not. If she can, I already told you who I'd go for. If she can't, I don't want to use both Bishops on one person. I'll go for my backup plan. The Pawn you already know. The Knight…" I shook my head. "I don't expect Stahlmar to change his mind about my offer. I would have heard from Talion by now if he'd changed his mind." The ranger had likely already become a Ringwraith by now. Even if I didn't now have access to a Mutation Knight capable of reincarnating someone far greater, I still would not be willing to war with Talion's current master to take him into my service.

"You told me of another." Medea said, watching me intently. "We currently have plenty of physical strength, but we lack technical skill and rapid movement that does not rely on your bloodline power. He would be able to mend this weakness."

"I also told you of the potential problems with him." I said. "I don't want anyone in my peerage starting a war because they were too bored with peace."

"Send him to a world where conflict is common if he needs to walk around and stretch his legs. His strength would suit us well. Diehauser's advice to you was sound. We need more allies soon. Things are progressing too quickly for my liking. My familiars near Olympus have detected rumblings. I believe my Grandfather will make himself known soon."

I sighed, pinching the bridge of my nose. With everything else on my plate, I really didn't want to have to worry about the Greek sun god kicking down my door.

"Keep an eye on that please. Let me know if they take any major actions." I said.

"I'm already monitoring it. If the situation changes, you will be the first to know. How soon can you reach out to your potential recruits?" Medea asked.

"If I went after them back to back, I could theoretically recruit everyone on the same day. Being more conservative, probably within the week if I really pushed it. I've been trying to spread out recruits so everyone has time to adjust."

"That worked before the Rating Game. We are too exposed now. Word of my mother living in your lands will spread. That will draw additional attention. Finish recruiting for our peerage. I will make moves of my own to ensure our safety."

I studied the knowing grin on Medea's lips. "You've got a plan. Are you going to start trying to recruit for your peerage?" She'd broached the topic of starting her own peerage a while ago. Nothing had come of it yet, but if she wanted to start recruiting that would only give us more allies.

"Something like that." she said evasively. "I will let you know whether my efforts bear fruit or not."

Part of me wanted to press to see what she was up to, but I trusted her. "Let me know if you need anything from me. In the meantime I'll see about recruiting a new Knight." I stood, drawing an irritated meowl from the cat clinging to my neck at the unwelcome shifting. Matatabi shuffled a bit before settling, digging her claws into my collar to stabilize herself. I don't know what I was expecting from the Tailed Beast when I recruited her, but it certainly wasn't this lazy bundle of flames.

I walked towards the exit of the room when my phone buzzed. Checking my messages, I was surprised to find that Diehauser had already responded to my message, asking if I was able to meet today.

"Are either of you doing anything important in the next hour or so?" I asked, looking between Aqua and Medea.

"Nothing pressing. Aqua?"

Aqua started in her seat awkwardly when she heard her name and realized Medea and I were both staring at her. She hastily shoved her phone back in her pocket. She'd tuned out most of Medea and I's conversation, focused on her phone. "Sorry, what?"

"Are you busy? Diehauser is asking to meet as soon as possible. I was thinking I could just invite him to come meet us here." I explained.

"Oh, that was fast. Yeah, I can meet him."

"Alright. Do me a favor and go let Shang Tsung and Mothra know to keep their antics contained away from the main hall and guest area."

I wasn't sure what it was with Mothra. Since arriving in the castle, she did everything she could to steal Shang Tsung's books. I gave her a ludicrously large supply of all different sorts of paper for her to munch on, but she kept sneaking into Shang Tsung's lab to try to steal his. Maybe they tasted better? I wasn't a paper aficionado, so I didn't really know.

"Okay. I'll be in the foyer when you're ready." Agua's body was swallowed by shadows as she vanished, off to accomplish her task.

I pulled out my phone and sent Diehauser another text, getting a response almost immediately. We would meet outside the restaurant where we met for the first time and I would transport us both here. It was the easiest way to get him through the wards fast.

"Do you want to come with me to pick him up?" I asked Medea.

She smiled, eyes flashing with mischief. "There is something I need to do here first. I will be waiting with Aqua when you arrive."

I grabbed her hand and pulled her towards me, smiling at her surprised gasp and bright blush as I pulled her in for a quick kiss. "I'll be back in a bit." I stepped back through a Hole before she would get a word in.

"Balthazar,"

I turned, seeing Diehauser walking towards me with a wide smile and a woman I didn't recognize on his hip. Her skin was like a pearl, pale but glowing. White strands of hair fell in a veil down her back. Piercing yellow eyes and sharp features. Long pointed ears protruding from the veil of her hair. She wore a silver gown with a thin-bladed sword affixed to a belt around her waist.

"Diehauser, it's good to see you again." I said as I shook his hand.

"You as well, Balthazar."

I looked pointedly at the woman at his side. "I don't believe I've had the pleasure."

"Oh, sorry. This is my Queen Sydelle." Diehauser said.

"It's a pleasure to meet you." I said.

"It's a pleasure to meet you as well, my lord." Sydelle said, bowing shallowly. When she righted herself, her lips pulled into a small smile. Her gaze was fixed on something near my chest.

With narrowed eyes, I followed her eyes downward, relaxing as I saw what she was looking at.

"And this," I said dramatically, scratching Matatabi's head from where she still clung to my neckline. "Is my Rook Matatabi. Say hello, Matatabi."

Matatabi cracked a single eye open to inspect the duo across from us. She let out a low rumbling sound as she slowly unwound limbs and tails from my neck. Her mouth opened wide in a yawn. Her back arched as she stretched. She plopped her but down on my shoulder, tails twirling idly behind her as she faced Diehauser and his Queen.

"Hello. I am Matatabi." she said robotically.

"Greetings, Matatabi," Sydelle said, a merry tinkle in her voice. "I have heard and seen much of you. It is a pleasure to meet you at last."

Matatabi's eyes narrowed. She sniffed the air. Matatabi's head tilted to the side, puzzled. She dug her claws into my chest as she slowly climbed down my body. Trotting up to Diehauser's Queen, she stared up at the woman curiously.

"You smell nice." she said, reaching out to start climbing up the woman's gown.

"Matatabi! Don't…" I sighed as my Rook clambered up the woman's leg into her waiting arms.

Sydelle cooed and hummed appreciatively as she scooped Matatabi into her arms, scratching her head and running her hand over the Bijuu's flaming body.

"I'm sorry about her." I said to Diehauser, hopelessly embarrassed. "She does what she wants. I can–"

Diehauser started laughing, waving me off. "There is no trouble. If Sydelle did not enjoy her company, she would make that fact known." He smirked, looking sidelong at his Queen. "In fact, she rarely allows herself to be this comfortable around strangers."

"Hush, Diehauser. I am involved in important negotiations with the Rook of a potential ally's peerage." Sydelle said, distracted as she scratched Matatabi's chin.

The two-tailed cat in question had a content smile on her face, leaning into Sydell's long, slender fingers.

"I'm glad I haven't scared you off, but this isn't why we agreed to meet." I opened a Hole to the side, motioning towards it. "Shall we?"

Diehauser had an expectant grin on his face as he nodded, walking quickly, though still dignified, through the Hole. Sydelle followed him, walking with grace even as she devoted her attention to the bundle of fire settling into her arms.

I stepped through after them, trying not to care about the people on the road taking pictures of me leaving. I wasn't sure if anyone had managed to catch the full exchange, but it was safe to say that images from Diehauser and I meeting would be on the devilnet. There wasn't really anything I could do about that, nor that I cared to. I'd just tell Aqua to keep an eye on it. She spent enough time online to know what to look for.

"Welcome to Castle Abaddon." I said grandly, throwing my arms wide. I'd brought us to the entry hall. Pillars lined the space up to an elevated platform. A brazier hung before each. The light swelled as I announced the castle's name.

"You have an impressive home." Diehauser said. He sounded genuine with his praise.

"Thank you. Would you like refreshments? Something to eat? Wine?"

"Thank you, but that is unnecessary. I am eager to meet my cousin."

Seeing the excitement and hope blooming in his eyes, I frowned.

"I owe you an apology, Diehauser." I said.

He seemed confused. "Why do you say that?"

"Because I'm not your cousin."

All heads turned towards an archway leading to a hall.

Still manifesting from whatever shadow transport carried her here, Aqua stepped into the light. She was wearing her armor. She looked resolute, but cautious, staring uncertainly at Diehauser.

Matatabi's head poked up, attention pulled away from the affection Sydelle was still giving her. She leapt out of the Queen's arms, trotting across the floor and leaping up to land on Aqua's shoulder. She sat down facing Diehauser and Sydelle, eyes hard.

Diehauser had a small, thoughtful frown on his face. "What do you mean?"

Aqua called her Keyblade to her, laying it flat on her palms and raising it towards him. "This is my Sacred Gear. It is what let me seal Bedeze's power. I was not born a devil or a half-devil. I was human before I became Balthazar's Knight. I do not possess the Belial family's power. I am not your cousin."

Being direct was probably the best path forward, but it also carried its own risks. Diehauser, who moments before had been thrumming with energy, was standing silent, looming as he regarded Aqua. At his side, Sydelle's ethereal smile was gone. In its place, her lips had thinned into a dispassionate line. Shadows cast by the sharp features of her face gave her a menacing air about her.

"Bedeze wrongly assumed that the only way Aqua could have sealed his power was by the use of your family's Clan trait." I said. "In the wake of the Rating Game, others have accepted his guess as fact. I've been busy and haven't corrected them. I should have informed you when we met for lunch but I did not know how to broach the topic. I apologize for not clearing up the misunderstanding promptly."

Diehauser was silent a moment longer as he processed everything. "You are certain? Both of your parents were human?" he asked calmly.

Aqua nodded. "I… I was an orphan. I never met them, but I know they were human."

Diehauser blinked, the first reaction I'd seen from him since Aqua announced herself by declaring they weren't related. "You were an orphan?"

"I…" Aqua let out a huff, seeing the hope starting to rekindle in Diehauser's eyes. "Yes, I was an orphan, but it is impossible that I am your cousin. My parents…" Aqua looked at me desperately.

She couldn't tell dIehauser why it was impossible for them to be related without revealing I'd recruited her from another world. I didn't want anyone but my closest allies to know I could breach the Dimensional Gap. I should've discussed with her before all this that it might be for the best not to bring up the fact that she was an orphan. All it did was complicate things.

"Once more, allow me to apologize, Diehauser. I should have told you when we met earlier. Aqua is not your cousin." I said, trying to stress the truth and draw his attention away from my Knight.

"Whether she is or not, I'd still like the chance to get to know her…you." He said, directed at Aqua. "If nothing else, your Sacred Gear is interesting. I would like to see how it compares to my power."

"That…" Aqua looked towards me uncertainly before facing Diehauser. "That would be okay."

"I'm sorry for our tardiness."

We all turned to see three figures enter the hall. Medea strode proudly in the lead, smiling warmly at our guests. Flanking her were two other women. Mothra stood tall, her expression was blank as she followed Medea. The other woman surprised me. Idyia, wearing a flowing dark gown, far more conservative than the one she'd arrived in, walked at her daughter's side. She was supposed to be keeping a low profile for the foreseeable future.

Medea walked right up to me and gave me a kiss on the cheek. As she pulled away, she whispered, "Play along." She turned, bowing shallowly towards our guests. "Lord Belial, it is an honor to host you."

Diehauser returned her bow. "It is an honor to be hosted. It is good to meet you, Medea. I was impressed with your display during the Rating Game." His eyes tracked to the two women who'd entered with her.

Expecting his question, I motioned to Mothra. "This is Mothra. She is my newest Rook."

Mothra nodded almost imperceptibly, not reacting in any other way.

"A new Rook?" Diehauser sounded intrigued. "You must have recruited her after the Rating Game then?"

"I sought her out after our discussion. I am heeding your advice to strengthen my peerage."

Diehauser frowned. "We met yesterday, Balthazar."

"That we did." I agreed.

"I stand by my advice to strengthen your peerage, but I would caution you to consider your candidates carefully."

Mothra was frowning now, eyes narrowed as she glared at Diehauser. I felt a simmering irritation from her.

Diehauser's reaction wasn't unusual. Some formed their peerage with their mortal friends. Others used their peerages for carnal pleasures. For tournament fighters like Diehauser and other serious Rating Game contenders, forming a powerful peerage roster was exceedingly difficult. Devils spent years, sometimes decades, sometimes centuries trying to find the right peerage members. In DXD, finding someone who was not only powerful enough to fit into your peerage, but well suited to it was a difficult task. When you had to compete with other devils of higher standing who could offer the same candidate a better position, it became that much harder to find powerful recruits you could reincarnate. That wasn't even mentioning the political issues often inherent in recruiting from other factions. Serafall was always busy for a reason.

Diehauser must have thought that I'd panicked and reincarnated the first option I found, potentially weakening me and preventing me from recruiting a more suitable candidate in the future. He did not know I had advantages other devils lacked. He did not know I had been meticulously planning and considering various options for years now.

"Thank you for your concern," I said, "But Mothra has my full confidence. If I do continue in the Rating Game scene, the whole Underworld will see why I chose her."

I felt a burst of pride in my mind. Mothra's frown was gone.

"So long as you are sure. I would hate for my newest rival to bring anything other than his best to our bouts." Diehauser said.

"Diehauser, you are being rude." Sydelle chided, motioning forward.

Diehauser's eyes landed on the other woman who'd entered with Medea. "Forgive me, I am easily distracted by matters concerning my hobbies. I am Diehauser and this is Sydelle. May I ask your name?"

"I am Idyia."

At Diehauser's side, his Queen froze. Sydelle's eyes roamed up and down Idyia's body. Her every muscle was tense.

A change passed over Diehauser. He was more guarded. He'd likely picked something up from his Queen, but he himself made no indication that he recognized Idyia's name. "Would I be correct in assuming you have also joined Balthazar's peerage?"

Medea chuckled softly. "An Evil Piece would be incapable of reincarnating my mother. Powerful though Lord Beelzebub's inventions are, they are incapable of overcoming true divinity."

Diehauser's eyes widened before he schooled his expression. He looked around the room, calculating. His gaze paused on each of us, his thoughts clearly running wild.

Idyia walked in front of me and turned her back to Diehauser as she curtsied to me. "Lord Abaddon," she said. "With your leave, I am prepared to begin the construction of my home, lord. I have found a suitable location within your lands that suits me well." She looked up at me and winked, a mischievous smile on her face. Behind her, Medea wore a matching grin.

Medea told me to play along and Idyia was acting far more formal than in our previous interactions. Whatever this was, it was a performance geared towards some purpose.

"You have my permission, Idyia. If you encounter any issues, seek out myself or Medea and we will assist you." I said, doing my best to play whatever role Medea had dropped on me.

Idyia bowed her head. "You are most kind, my lord. I will begin at once." She stood and nodded to Diehauser. "It was a pleasure to meet you." All eyes followed Idyia as she slowly strode from the room.

Sydelle's hand brushed Diehauser's arm.

Diehauser smiled brightly at me. "Thank you for hosting me, Balthazar. I will leave you to deal with matters of your House." He looked past me to where Aqua was trying to make herself small in the background. Matatabi's tails brushed against her neck comfortingly.

Diehauser's plastic smile softened as he looked at her. "Aqua, Balthazar has my phone number. Reach out to me whenever you are ready."

"You don't have to leave so soon." I said.

"We have imposed on your hospitality too long already." Sydelle said, bowing her head towards me. "We will give proper warning when next we intend to call upon you. May I ask that you transport us back to our meeting point?"

Things had not gone the way I'd expected. Idyia's arrival had spooked them and they were running to regroup. I honestly couldn't say I blamed them. I'd probably try to do the same if a random goddess appeared in front of me whose intentions I couldn't even begin to guess. I'd likely be a lot less polite about it too.

"Of course." A Hole opened behind them, connected to the street in front of the restaurant. "Contact me whenever you want to schedule another meeting. I will be somewhat busy in the near future as I recruit my peerage, but I will make time."

"I appreciate that. You are welcome to contact me as well. Until we meet again, Balthazar." Diehauser said. He and Sydelle walked through the Hole and were gone.

I raised an eyebrow at Medea after they left. "I thought we were supposed to keep your mother's presence quiet for now?"

"People would have learned of her presence soon enough anyway. This way, we control the release of the information. Diehauser will slowly inform his powerful allies, keeping them wary of us while we solidify our strength." Medea explained.

"What about the whole cousin thing? I think he still thinks we might be related." Aqua said.

"At this point, that's more his fault than ours." I said. "Granted, the orphan thing might have confused him a bit, but we were very clear. If you want to get to know him better, that's up to you and him. Just be safe. Make sure one of us knows where you're going."

"We just met. I'm not going to go to his house or anything." Aqua was quiet for a moment. "But it would be nice to have more friends."

"Do as you will. Just be safe." I reiterated. I sighed, rubbing my forehead. "I should probably let Serafall know Diehauser is aware of Idyia."

"You were planning to take her on a trip soon regardless." Medea said.

"You're still okay with the plan?"

"I am. She has proven to be our greatest ally outside of the peerage. Showing her how much we have to offer her will only serve to deepen her ties to us and make her more invested in our well being. Securing her continued support and finishing our peerage should be our main focus right now."

"I can swing by and try to grab the Knight we talked about once I'm done with Serafall. Provided he chooses to accept that is."

"Good. That will give me time to work on a side-project I've been considering."

"What kind of side-project? Do you need any help?"

Medea smiled. She walked up to me and gave me a quick kiss. "I love that you're so willing to help, but I'm not helpless, master. With any luck, I'll be done before you return. Expect a surprise when you come back. Aqua? I'll need your help."

"Oh, sure." Aqua seemed surprised to be called on suddenly, but she hurried over as Medea started walking out of the room. Matatabi was still fixed to her shoulder, tails wound around Aquas neck to stabilize herself while she licked her paw.

I turned to Mothra as they left. We were alone in the hall now. "And what will you be up to?"

She smiled. I felt a flutter of mischief.

I sighed fondly. "Don't break anything too important."

Mothra's form shrunk down. Additional limbs grew as she took to the air, bobbing up and down towards Shang Tsung's lab. She must really enjoy getting a rise out of the sorcerer. I refused to believe she was so hungry that she could eat through twelve books in ten minutes… Then again, she was a kaiju. I might need to look into multiversal paper supply options if this problem persisted. It wouldn't do to let my Rook go hungry.

Now alone in the hall, I pulled out my phone and punched in a number.

"Hey, Bal." Serafall greeted me.

"Serafall, good to talk to you."

"What can I do for ya?"

"Two things. First, the Idyia secret is out. Diehauser Belial came by earlier and Idyia introduced herself."

"Well that's… Wait, why was Diehauser in your house? Actually, don't answer that. He was probably after Aqua, right? I'll adjust some plans, but that isn't too much to deal with. Is there anything else?"

I stood there, absorbing the conversation she'd essentially had with herself while I just stood there silent. "Uh…yeah, actually. Are you free right now for the next two or three hours?"

"…Is something wrong? This doesn't happen to have anything to do with the giant moth that showed up in your lands, does it? Was that not friendly?"

"How'd you hear about Mothra?"

"Creative name. I've got people watching your holdings to make sure no one tries anything dumb, Bal. I'm making sure that you don't get kidnapped overnight. So was 'Mothra' a problem?"

"I understand I've been making a lot of problems for you, but me calling you doesn't foretell some great calamity."

"You literally just told me that one of the strongest devils alive learned you have a goddess living in your lands before I was fully prepared to deal with the fallout. "

"Point, but there are good points to this call too. Do you have time or not?"

She sighed. "I've got a couple meetings later, but they're not too important. I can reschedule them if this is something that can't wait."

"It can, but it shouldn't."

"Come to my office." The line went dead.

I put my phone away and opened a Hole. I emerged in front of Serafall's office building and entered. The receptionist waved me past to the elevators without a word, too focused on whatever paperwork she was filling out. The trip up to the office was uneventful. When I walked up to the door it opened inward before I could knock.

"Hey, Bal." Serafall said with a wave. She was wearing a blue shirt and slacks. She set aside a stack of papers to stand up as I entered.

"Hey, Serafall."

"So! Why'd you ask to meet?" she said, watching me expectantly.

"It'd be easier to show you. Are you able to travel right now? You don't need to grab anything?"

She pursed her lips. She pushed a button on the phone on her desk. "Kila? I'm heading out for a sec. I'll let you know when I'm back."

"That wasn't some secret code for, 'Come kill the intruder', right?"

Serafall chuckled. "Please, I'm more than capable of kicking your ass on my own."

"I don't doubt it. I do notice you didn't answer my question though."

She sighed. "Are we going somewhere or not?"

A Hole opened next to us. "After you, your sataness."

She looked sceptical for a moment before walking through the Hole. I followed right behind her.

"Wow," Serafall said dryly, looking around at the stone-lined walls and ceiling around us. "You really know how to bring a girl to the nicest places. It's a good thing Medea is…" She frowned, intently focused on the magical lights affixed to the rocks. She looked around more intently. Her ears perked up as clanging sounds reached us. Her eyes widened. "This is your mine."

"One of them. Come on. I'll show you the operation."

I led her around a corner to a ledge overlooking a vast cave. Globules of magical light floated around the space, shedding their illumination. Violet skeletons marched back and forth. Some pushed carts laden with ore while others worked with tools. Rails wove around and over each other, disappearing down a number of passages connected to the main cave.

"I underestimated your production capability." Serafall commented as she watched the skeletons work. "How many constructs do you have here?"

"Somewhere around three-hundred. The largest mine has closer to five hundred. That isn't counting the golems Shang Tsung made to serve as protection and security."

"How many mines do you have?"

"We're at fourteen right now. Staffing has been our biggest issue. Medea taught myself and the other magically inclined members of my peerage how to make her skeletons, but even with us all raising them we just don't have enough volume to rapidly expand beyond that. We're working on it. Medea's personal speed increased significantly once she started using Runa's Queen piece. The rest of us can't contribute enough to make it worth it any more. Other things are taking up our attention recently."

"If you need staff, I can get you people you can trust to work for you."

"I'm sure you could. I'd still turn you down."

Serafall sighed. "Balthazar, I get that you want this place to stay a secret, but sooner or later someone else will find it. We need to exhaust the veins before that happens."

"That won't happen."

"If we work fast enough it will."

"No, you misunderstood. No one will find my mines."

She shot me a disapproving look. "I thought you were less arrogant than that."

I sighed. "You remember those coordinates I gave you before the Rating Game?"

Serafall looked confused. "What about them?"

"Those were your test."

"My what?"

"The coordinates I wrote for you were accurate, but you wouldn't have been able to use them. If you had… Medea had traps and detection spells set up to see if you went poking around after assuring me you wouldn't." I turned to look her in the eyes. "You didn't go poking around. None of Medea's traps or detection spells were triggered. You were true to your word."

Serafall scoffed. "Don't sound so surprised. I'm in charge of foreign affairs for a reason. I know how to negotiate and work with people to our mutual interest. Now what did you mean by 'test'?"

"If you'd tried to find my mines while I was in the Rating Game, I would have stopped working with you. I don't know exactly what would have followed. It isn't really important anymore. The fact of the matter is, I know I can trust you now. You've done a lot for me and my peerage. I know you won't stab me in the back if given the opportunity, so I'm giving you the opportunity."

"Nice speech. I'm still waiting for the part where this starts making sense." Serafall said, unimpressed.

"You've been too distracted by the mine and the magic protecting it to really see what's going on here. Reach out past the wards. You don't need to have Medea's scrying abilities to feel something is off."

Serafall frowned. I felt a hum of magic as she did what I asked. Her eyes widened. She looked panicked.

A teleportation circle rapidly flashed around her, whisking her away.

A skeleton walked up next to me and laid a hand on my shoulder, giving me access to the scrying protections Medea had set up here, showing me what they saw.

A Hole swallowed me. My wings appeared as I emerged suspended high in the air above my mine at Serafall's side. The Satan's eyes were wide. She looked around frantically, taking in every detail.

I cast an illusion around us to keep us hidden from anyone watching as I said, "It's a lot to take in, isn't it?"

"Where the hell are we?" Serafall demanded.

"Serafall Leviathan, welcome to Faerun, a world of many wonders and dangers. Gods and monsters. Liken it to Earth about fifteen-hundred years ago plus a few extra scary diving entities. There's also less war between the higher-powered factions. At least by our standards. People here still like to kill each other a lot."

"This… No. You can't seriously be telling me this is an entirely separate world."

I held up my hand. A Hole appeared above my palm. "Ever since I was born, I've been stretching the bounds of what my bloodline trait can do. A devil's power is based in imagination. I imagined a Hole beyond reality and accidentally almost wound up in the Dimensional Gap. After that, it was just a matter of experimentation. I developed a ritual to let me peek behind the curtain and started reaching. Those coordinates I gave you? They were accurate, but for Faerun, not for Earth. You wouldn't have found anything if you'd gone to them."

I had Serafall's complete attention. I had never seen her so serious, so intense. She was staring at me like I was the only flame in an eternal winter.

"You can use Hole to go to other worlds." she said, breathlessly, in awe. "That's how… That's how you do everything!" She looked around. At the mountain range capped with snow. At the green fields roiling towards the horizon. At the thick forests densely packed together. At an alien world.

"Medea isn't our Medea, is she?" Serafall asked.

"From a world very similar to ours where the gods fled thousands of years ago."

"Matatabi?"

"A world where humans are caught in a never-ending warring states period with some elemental magic thrown in for fun."

"Coal?"

I chuckled. "He is actually a local. I'd imagine him being free from Perfected State is why Remiel is starting a crusade against me."

"How many worlds can you get to?"

"I can go wherever I want. The only major limiting factor for me was power." A Hole opened above my hand, dropping Bedeze's King Piece into my waiting palm. I held it up to Serafall. "That's no longer a problem."

"A battery…" The corner of Serafall's lip pulled up into a small smile. "I don't think you understand how big this is, Bal."

"I do." I said, dropping the King Piece into another Hole to keep it safe.

"No, I don't think–"

"Serafall, I do." I cut her off, serious. "This is my most closely guarded secret. My sister does not know I can do this. I still want to be independent. Even so, there was a reason I've done everything I have to get you on my side. I need powerful allies to protect me in case people learn what I can do. The sheer scale of what I have access to cannot be matched. Everyone that knows will be after me. I'm only telling you to hopefully secure an ally I can rely on and because you've already shown you're on my side and that I can trust you."

Serafall took a deep breath. "There's a lot I'm going to need to do after this, Bal. I can't keep this to myself. Sirzechs, Ajuka and Falbium need to know about you."

"Can you guarantee they won't lock me in a cage somewhere to try to use me as a tool?"

"Given how cooperative you've been so far and how you brought this to me willingly? Yes. I'll keep them from trying anything. I will be your point of contact, not them."

"Okay. Just make it very clear to them that I am prepared to pack up myself and my peerage and disappear somewhere you cannot follow. I don't want to. The Underworld is my home. I want to help if I can. But I will not be made a slave to their designs."

"You won't be dealing with them. You'll be dealing with me. I'll just keep them in the loop, and I will not put you in a position where you feel like running is your only option."

"Good. I'm glad we understand each other. Somewhat related, did you manage to find a Mutation Bishop for me?"

Serafall seemed a little surprised by the dramatic subject change. "No. There are only three unused in the Underworld right now. None of the lords who have them have any interest in parting with them. None of them were even willing to consider the stupid deal I made to get Sona's Mutated Rook."

"What kind of stupid deal?"

Serafall sighed. "Something that cost me a lot. I don't want to go into details. Suffice to say you're not getting a Mutation Bishop unless someone else gets one in their set in the coming years.

I sighed. "That's unfortunate. I don't have time to wait for potential years for someone to get a new one. I guess I'm on to plan B. Regardless, you have a Mutated Pawn you'd be willing to trade for something really nice, right?"

"You found another Sacred Gear?"

I laughed. "Serafall, for all of your insistence that I don't understand what I have access to, it's you who is thinking too small. While I do know where some Sacred gears are, I had something far more appealing in mind."

"And what would that be?" Serafall said, sounding sceptical.

"You're a fan of magical girls, aren't you?"
Last edited: May 12, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 2,085 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
May 12, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 24
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
May 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,158
Serafall had come to expect at least a minor inconvenience to follow every time Balthazar contacted her. She liked him well enough, but he had a talent for making her life difficult.

Since meeting and really getting to know him, Serafall had been trying to figure out how he did everything he did. How did he find Medea? How did he discover an unknown mithril mine? How did he grow his peerage so unprecedentedly fast? How did he find the Red and White Dragon Emperors? Every meeting with the young devil left her with more questions and few answers to her preexisting questions.

Serafall had bent over backwards for him more than once. The first time had been a hunch. Then he'd given her Issei. Then he gave her Ingvild. Balthazar grew from a potential source of rare materials to a genuine asset to the Underworld. At the time, she still hadn't known how he went about obtaining his information and securing his holdings. It didn't matter. What was important was that he was willing to work with her. He did not want to be subservient to the Satans, but he was happy to sit down at the table and negotiate. That made him unique among powerful devils. Not only did he have something worthwhile to offer, but he was willing to share it with her provided he felt she was not abusing his good will.

In turn, Serafall had given Balthazar a lot of grace. He didn't understand how many hours she invested into making sure his life was as smooth as she could make it. Even then, she couldn't do everything. People were still maneuvering to take advantage of him or outright remove him.

The other factions weren't blind or stupid. A young power rising in the Underworld showing the potential Balthazar had was a serious threat to them. There was a reason Serafall had people watching Bal's lands and his other holdings. She expected someone to make a move. They would want him gone before he had time to grow too powerful to remove. Serafall had been concerned Balthazar wasn't adequately preparing himself. She had been meaning to sit him down and have a conversation about his safety, maybe even going so far as offering him protection in her peerage. Balthazar's potential and the potential of the resources and items he produced were too valuable to lose.

Serafall understood now. She, and everyone plotting against him, had severely underestimated the young devil. He was not nearly as vulnerable as she'd assumed. He was far more valuable than anyone would even think to suspect. Why would they? Who would possibly consider that a devil barely two decades old would find a way through the Dimensional Gap that bypassed Great Red? Not only did he discover a path to other worlds, he had developed a method to easily traverse it.

Suddenly, everything made sense. No one could find his mines because they were secured in another corner of reality, locked away from everyone but himself. He knew where the Red Dragon Emperor was, but traded that information away when any other devil would have reincarnated Issei for their own. Balthazar didn't need to. He had entire other worlds to explore. With Medea at his side, he could likely uncover individuals and points of interest much the same way he did in their home world.

Serafall's head spun as she looked down on a new world, virgin, unscarred by the wars that cut her home to shreds. Serafall had fought on the frontlines of a supernatural war, earning her place as one of Hell's Satans. She had seen wonders and horrors. She had experienced more than most would ever dream of. Still, the impossibility of where she was, where Balthazar had brought her, left her reeling.

Her mind raced as she considered the possibilities. He said this world had gods? Were they stronger than the gods of her world? Were there other similarities? Other differences?

"You're a fan of magical girls, aren't you?"

Those words made Serafall's heart stop.

Slowly, Serafall turned from the spiked rock of the mountain range beneath her to look at Balthazar. His suit was unbuttoned, hanging open to reveal the red shirt beneath it. His hands rested easily in his pockets. He smiled, amused, like he didn't just shatter Serafall's understanding of reality.

"What…What did you just say?"

"Magical girls. You like them right? I remember you asking Medea to be on your show."

"I…" Serafall's mouth hung open dumbly. No sound escaped her lips.

Balthazar could travel between worlds. He had just brought her to a world untouched by their kind. He'd outright stated he had gone to others. Medea and Matatabi were from different worlds, separate from the world they were in now.

He didn't mean…? He couldn't be saying…?

"Typically it takes me a while to find a world." Balthazar said. "Medea's help cuts that time down to practically nothing. With her scrying abilities, I can find just about whatever I want with little to no effort. I found a world you might… Well, you'll actually probably hate it. It's…dark. I thought you might like the chance to give someone a better life."

"Balthazar, stop talking." Serafall demanded. Her heart beat once more. One beat. Two. Accelerating. Beating against her chest like a hummingbird's wings against the air. "What… Be very specific." She couldn't deal with any more surprises right now. "What are your intentions?"

Balthazar shrugged. "I'm offering to take you to a Magical Girl world that Medea and I found to give you the chance to reincarnate someone for your peerage. It'll be up to you how to–"

Balthazar grunted, blasted back through the air as Serafall blitzed across the space between them, throwing her arms around him and squeezing tight. Balthazar let out a painful whine as she squeezed him. Wait, no. Serafall realized that the high-pitched sound was coming from her.

Real magical girls! Serafall wasn't as knowledgeable about the subject as Ajuka was, but she'd heard her friend ramble on with his theories from time to time. Theoretically, an infinite multiverse could have anything within it. Balthazar could apparently use Hole to travel past the Dimensional Gap – even through her excitement, Serafall made a mental note to look into other Abaddons doing anything similar later – so he could theoretically take her anywhere. He and Medea had found a world with real magical girls. The chance to see this world spoke to Serafall's wonder, the inner-child so deeply buried beneath mountains of politics, scheming and war. No more. She had a personal, real magical girl taxi crushed against her chest in a hug.

"Balthazar, I could kiss you right now." Serafall said, seriously debating whether or not to lay one on him.

Balthazar awkwardly patted her back, straining against her arms where she pinned him in a hug. "I am flattered. I am also spoken for. I don't think my beautiful Queen would appreciate me explaining how I snuck off and made out with Satan behind her back."

Serafall let him go, practically vibrating in anticipation. "What kind of magical girls are they? What kind of powers do they have? What's the world like? Why haven't we left yet? Let's go!"

Balthazar held up his hands. "Hold on a second. I need to give you the multiversal travel brief first."

Serafall scowled. A gentleman shouldn't offer a window into the lives of true magical girls only to needlessly delay the arrival of said grandeur shortly thereafter.

Balthazar sighed. "Short summary then. Some things out there make Great Red look like a kitten. We'll be avoiding those as best we can, but keep your guard up. Don't stray too far from me. I can and will portal us away from anything I don't want us getting mixed up in. It would also be appreciated if you would keep me from ending up dead. There shouldn't be anything that can beat me without getting the drop on me where we're going, but if I die you'll be stuck there."

Through the haze of her excitement, Serafall made another mental note to have Ajuka see if Balthazar's Clan Trait somehow mutated to give him the ability to walk between worlds. If he could do it when his sister and Bedeze couldn't, it was likely that was the case. Maybe Ajuka could figure out a way to, if not outright duplicate his ability, create a tether that could pull her back home if they got separated.

Irritated, Serafall shunted thoughts of work and unpleasantness from her mind, smiling bright in anticipation. She could worry about boring stuff later. She was going to meet a magical girl!

"Alright, here we go." Balthazar said.

A dark void swallowed Serafall, vanishing just as suddenly as it appeared. She felt Balthazar recast the illusion around them while she took in their surroundings. They were flying high above a city. Tall buildings rose like rolling hills off in the distance. Beneath them rows of houses lined winding roads. If Serafall didn't know any better, she'd say think she was in Japan visiting her little sister.

She wasn't. She could feel the difference in the air. Subtle, but present. It wasn't like the world they'd just left with Balthazar's mine. That world had felt like a great many strings humming in unison with hidden power. This world felt blank. Void. Almost hungry.

Serafall frowned. "This isn't what I was expecting."

"Sorry if it doesn't live up to your expectations. Medea will probably be able to find another magical girl world at some point. We can explore another if you find you don't enjoy this one."

"We're exploring both." Serafall declared, narrowing her eyes at Balthazar, daring him to contradict her.

Balthazar let out a long suffering sigh.

Serafall smiled, satisfied. She wasn't letting him get away with taking her to only one magical girl world. She would explore all of them!

Serafall's smile flattened into a frown. She looked off into the distance, noticing Balthazar looking the same way.

"You felt it too?" she said.

Balthazar nodded, eyes narrowed. "Hard not to."

The absence she'd felt earlier had been disrupted, shaken about like a leaf in a rippling pond. Something was happening. If something was happening, it was safe to assume that was where any magical girls would be.

"We're going." Serafall declared, already flying towards the disturbance. She fought her desire to take off at her top speed. Excited though she was, she wasn't going to leave Balthazar alone in an unexplored, potentially hostile environment. Meeting one of her idols was not worth putting him in danger.

Balthazar flew after her. They continued in silence, intently focused on the disturbance. It grew closer and closer.

Serafall slowed to a halt a short distance from the disturbance she'd felt. Not far ahead, the air bent and warped over on itself. The skyline was fractured by a black and white checkerboard only barely visible. The space felt…wrong.

"Stay close to me, Bal." Serafall said seriously. "Pull us back home if I tell you to." She really wanted to stick around, but she wasn't willing to needlessly put Balthazar at risk. He was too important. Plus, it would be pretty messed up for her to get him killed right after he decided to fully trust her.

"Just give the word. I don't really like the feel of this place. It's more…grim than I was expecting."

Serafall nodded to him before stepping towards the distortion in the air. With a wave of her hand, the distortion rapidly spun like a top, painting the skyline black and white as Serafall entered the influence of whatever this thing was.

There was no sky. The terrain was covered in the same checkerboard covering the sky. The only breaks in the pattern were small plants, grinning like children's cartoons.

Gunshots. Serafall tracked the sound to its source.

Her breath caught.

A young girl with golden hair danced between creatures shaped like malicious blobs. With each flick of her wrist, a rifle appeared and fired, replaced immediately by another and another.


Spoiler: A Real Magical Girl:


Serafall could feel the girl's power from here. Those rifles were magic, an expression of the girl's power.

"A magical girl." Serafall breathed, voice a whisper, barely believing her eyes.

She was amazing. Her skills could definitely use some polishing, but Serafall was still transfixed. Her in front of her was something she'd tried so hard to emulate with her show. This wasn't fancy camera angles and flowery effects. This was real.

"She's not the strongest person I've run into in my jaunts around various worlds. Still, I figured you'd enjoy meeting her." Balthazar said, floating at her side with his hands in his pockets.

"Thank you, Bal. This is amazing." Serafall said, watching in wonder as the girl danced around her opponents, blasting them away with ever more fantastical firearms.

The girl stopped fighting. She was looking at two other girls in the disturbance. Serafall couldn't feel any power from them. No. There was something there. A small creature. It…

Serafall's eyes flicked up behind the magical girl. A larger monster was appearing. Its face was like a glowing moon. It frowned down at the girl and opened its mouth.

Serafall expected the girl to blast it away. She expected a great display of skill to defeat the monster. She wasn't expecting the monster's jaws to close around the magical girl's neck.

The girl's costume flickered then vanished in a flash of dying magical power, leaving the body to fall away wearing a school uniform.

Serafall saw red.

The air ruptured, booming in her wake as Serafall appeared directly in front of the creature that had just devoured the magical girl's head. The beast didn't even have time to register its surprise before it erupted in a volcanic shower of fragmented ice.

Serafall had ignored the creature the moment she flicked a spike of her power towards it. She could have killed it as easily from distance as from right next to it. That was not why she closed the distance.

"Balthazar, take us home now." Serafall demanded, a headless body cradled in her arms, caught before it could fall to the ground.

"What are–" The voice of the magical creature observing with the other two girls was lost to Serafall as Balthazar's power absorbed her. She didn't care what that thing wanted. She only had one thought on her mind at that moment.

Serafall knelt to the floor of her office, gently laying the body down beneath her. She idly noted there was an object in Balthazar's hand. It wasn't important.

An Evil Piece appeared atop Serafall's palm. Without even the slightest hesitation, Serafall pushed the glowing Mutation Pawn into the magical girl's chest.

The office was swallowed by an explosion of demonic power. The golden-haired magical girl jolted upright, screaming in terror and pain, grasping desperately at her neck.

Serafall scooped the girl up into her arms. Her wings curled around to secure the embrace. "It's okay." Serafall whispered into the girl's ear, gently rocking her back and forth. "You're okay. It's okay."

The girl was trembling. She couldn't form words. She sobbed, clutching desperately at Serafall's arms.

"This… I should give you some space." Balthazar said quietly from the side. "You have my number." A dark Hole opened in space and he was gone.

Serafall knelt on the ground, whispering quiet assurances to the sobbing girl in her arms.


X


Prior to ever taking part in it, Medea knew that the Rating Game would have consequences. If she had things her way, they would have remained in obscurity for many more months or even a year. Bedeze forced their hand. The only way to emerge victorious was to meet their enemy head on and crush them at their own game. They had defeated Bedeze in the arena. Medea had ensured her King's uncle would never trouble them again. The show of strength had bought them time. Still, problems persisted.

When Balthazar first reincarnated her, he had been desperate. To this day, Medea had never seen her master look so vulnerable, so small as the day he made her into a devil. He did not think she would accept his offer. He was afraid that even if she did, she would leave him for another. Even then he knew that other devils would want what they saw to be his.

Balthazar had received many letters since the Rating Game. He was not the only one.

Dozens of lords from the Pillars and beyond reached out to Medea herself. They offered gold. They offered land. They offered concubines. They offered power. They did all they could to entice her, to sway her to betray Balthazar and join them. If not in their peerage, as their agent in House Abaddon.

Medea took note of each name. Each insult. Each threat.

When she had solidified their position, when she knew their peerage was as secure as it could be, she would deal with these snakes. For now, she had other concerns.

It was obvious the Rating Game would draw attention. Medea knew this. She'd planned for it. She hadn't planned for the arrival of her mother. As grateful as she was to have her mother back in her life, she knew she would need to alter her plans. Goddesses had a tendency to draw attention. There was already too much attention focused on them. Medea needed to secure their position.

"What do you need help with?" Aqua asked as they left the hall. Matatabi still sat atop her shoulder, keen eyes watching.

"I will need your help disabling a specific ward." Medea said. "I need to infiltrate a location without alerting the inhabitants. If I disassemble their protections, they will know I am there. You can help me through without damaging the ward."

"A ward?" Idyia said, stepping out from around the corner. "This sounds interesting. May I accompany you?"

Medea frowned. "I would love for you to come, mother. It's just…"

Idyia's eyebrows scrunched together. Medea felt the familiar caress of her mother's power. It was strange. The touch was so similar to that she'd felt so many years ago, yet it was distinctly different. The Idyia before her was not her true mother. Medea didn't care. She had lost too much. She would not throw this chance away. Idyia had unveiled the truth, or at least a fair enough estimate, of her origins and accepted her regardless. Medea was just glad to have her.

Idyia smiled softly, having uncovered Medea's intent. She walked forward and laid a hand on Medea's cheek. "I understand." There was no judgement in her mother's eyes.

Medea felt a weight lift from her shoulders. She would do what she had to to protect the life she was building. She was glad her mother did not disapprove of her doing what needed to be done.

"If it's a stealth mission, why not just send me?" Aqua asked. "I know you're strong, but I'm better at avoiding detection than you are."

Medea smiled. "This requires a personal touch. Your assistance entering is all I require, though I appreciate your willingness to help."

"What kind of personal touch?" Aqua seemed intrigued.

Matatabi's paw lightly smacked the side of Aqua's head. "Balthazar left. I need someone to sleep on. You can't stay on a mission too long. Open the ward and be done with it. I want to sleep."

Aqua did not see the calculating look in Matatabi's eyes. She did not see the small cat perceiving an unspoken message. Medea smiled gratefully at Matatabi. For as much of a lazy nuisance as the fiery cat made of herself, she was frightfully perceptive. All the better for their enemies to underestimate her.

"If we're ready then?" Medea said.

When no one protested, she covered everyone in a teleportation circle and transported them away from the castle.

No longer were they in Hell, but on Earth. It was dark here. The sun had set, leaving the stars to play uninterrupted in the night sky. A thick canopy of branches and leaves obscured large portions of the sky.

"It is only a short distance from here. There are patrols. Please remain silent." Medea said as she layered illusions over their group. She wasn't concerned about facing the patrols in question. Her familiars had been scouting this location for months now. She knew there were no individuals capable of threatening them, but if an alarm was raised, her plan would no longer be viable.

They moved silently between trees, across a leaf-laden forest floor.

"There." Medea said quietly, pointing ahead. Past the trees stood a dark castle, stretching high into the sky. Spikes jutted from towers. Ancient walls stood sentinel. A faint sapphire shimmer obscured the image. The barrier.

Aqua stepped forward.

"There is an alarm component to it. If it is tampered with, the house will be alerted." Medea explained. "I just need you to allow my mother and I to pass through without the barrier acknowledging our passing."

"I can help you more if you–" Aqua huffed, looking irritably at the cat on her shoulder currently swatting at her cheek with its paws.

"I'm tired. Let's leave." Matatabi said.

Aqua sighed. Her Keyblade appeared in her hand. A golden beam struck Medea in the chest. Then Idyia.

"There," Aqua said. "The barrier won't be able to recognize you now. Call me if you need help. I'll see you back at the castle." A keyhole in space appeared in front of her.

As Aqua departed, Matatabi wound herself around Aqua's neck like a scarf, pausing to give Medea a sharp nod before closing her eyes and snuggling into Aqua. The duo disappeared through the Keyhole, leaving Medea and her mother alone.

"Time is wasting." Idyia said. "Let us be done with it." She turned and walked towards the barrier, passing through it with no difficulty.

Medea followed her mother, layering stronger illusions over them both. The denizens of the castle possessed senses and magic greater than humans. It was not sufficient to challenge Medea. If she desired, she likely could have assaulted this fortification herself. That would not bring about the ending she desired.

Shadowy cats bled out of Medea's cloak, melding into the ground to scour the castle. She would prefer to leave as soon as possible. Her familiars would map the territory and show her to her target.

Medea couldn't help but note the sad look on Idyia's face as they approached the castle. "Do you disapprove of my intentions, mother?"

"I will never disapprove of actions taken to ensure the safety of my family, no matter how unsavory." She frowned. "That does not mean I do not desire such actions to be unnecessary."

Medea could understand that perspective. She herself had not originally intended for things to go this way. Unfortunately, she could not justify leaving this path unwalked.

Medea and Idyia reached the outer wall. Together, they floated up and over it. Pale figures in heavy plate armor patrolled the wall. Not one noticed their passing as they descended into the courtyard. The guard's mundane senses were impressive. Their mystical senses were strong. Neither could overcome Medea's skill.

Medea looked up. Her familiar had located her target.

"The girl is there." Medea said, pointing to a tower high in the castle.

"Let us be done with it." Idyia said.

Guards walked past, oblivious to their conversation.

Together, they drifted into the air. The tower neared. A window unlatched and swung wide as they approached. Medea's familiar rejoined her shadow after opening the window. The room was small, sparsely decorated. A bed, wardrobe and a small desk were the only furnishings. A small girl lay atop the bed, tossing and turning, face contorted in pain.

"She dreams of the knowledge gained from her burden." Idyia said, watching the girl thrash about in bed.

Medea walked up to the other side of the bed. "I suppose that is the only beneficial thing that will come of this. She will be burdened by it no longer."

Medea did not fear they would be found. Her familiars knew the nearest guards were several halls away. Even if they were nearer, she trusted her illusions to shield their presence. Still, she did not desire to stay here longer than necessary. She would do what she came to do and return home.

A flash heralded the arrival of her Noble Phantasm. She raised it above the slumbering girl. Idyia laid a hand on the girl's forehead. Her troubled features turned peaceful.

"Rule Breaker." Medea brought her blade down.

Pure white light erupted from the still girl's chest where Rule Breaker had pierced it. Shining gold reflected the light as a small cup drifted out of the girl's body. The cup poured light and holy energy into the air like a fountain. Medea produced a specially prepared bag from her robe and secreted the cup away in it. The light disappeared.

"She passed peacefully." Idyia said, removing her hand from the girl's forehead. Before she had thrashed in her bed. Now she lay still, a serene look of calm on her face. The removal of her Sacred Gear had killed her. This was why she had not allowed Aqua to accompany her. Balthazar's Knight would do what needed to be done, but Medea would spare her work like this if it was within her power.

Without any signs of struggle or tampering with the wards, it was likely the castle's denizens would believe the girl passed from natural causes or perhaps from complications caused by her Sacred Gear. They would not suspect foul play. They would have no reason to suspect that a devil had snuck into their most well-guarded haven and stolen a Sacred Gear.

Medea gently reached down and tucked a strand of hair behind the girl's ear. Had events transpired differently, she would have sought this girl out to take as the Queen or Bishop of her own peerage. Sadly, that was no longer sufficient.

When it was just her, the Greeks would not have caused so large of a disturbance. With both Medea and her mother residing in the Abaddon lands, the response would magnify beyond diplomacy's ability to contain. Controlling the holder of the grail was no longer enough. Medea could trust no one but herself with its safety and application.

Developing Balthazar's Sacred Gear had allowed her to learn so much about the system created by this world's creator. There were flaws in Perfected State, flaws that allowed her to reforge it into Balthazar's weapon. So too were there flaws in His butchering of the grail into Sephiroth Graal. The girl's nightmares were proof enough.

The cup now in Medea's possession was not the equal to the Holy Grail that pulled her from the Throne of Heroes in her old world. When she was done. It would be.

"The first of four pieces collected." Medea said. In order to complete her task, she would need to gather more than just the Cup. She would need the Nail, Cross and Spear as well. For now, the Cup was too volatile to use on its own. It was too dangerous to risk binding it herself in its current state. She would explain her plan to Balthazar when he returned with his Knight, then seek out the other pieces to stabilize and enhance what would become her Sacred Gear.

Medea and Idyia vanished from the tower in a flash of magic. Not so much as a mouse had tracked their passing.


X


The magical girl recruitment had not gone as I'd expected. I'd brought us to that place at that moment because I thought we could make things go differently. I thought Serafall would save Mami, not bring her back to life after her head got eaten. I had to improvise. I grabbed her soul gem and tried a trick Shang Tsung had been teaching me to try to force her soul back into her body briefly as Serafall tried to reincarnate her. It worked. I don't know how, but it worked. That just left me standing in Serafall's office with a very traumatized magical girl crying in Satan's arms.

I didn't know how to react. Part of me felt like a coward for leaving as abruptly as I did, but Serafall is definitely better at dealing with that than I would've been. She's a big girl. She could explain the whole reincarnation thing to her new Pawn without my presence. Besides, I had other things to do.

Cobbled stone surrounded me. The only light was cast by fading torches. My footsteps shed a clopping echo that reverberated in the confined space. This place smelled like death. Knowing what I knew, the stench made sense.

I walked up to a wall and opened a Hole. Stepping through, I emerged into a chamber locked in complete darkness. I held my hand up and conjured several small orbs of light to illuminate the space.

I was standing in a cell, empty save for a lone shape bent over itself along the far wall. Hair frayed like cobwebs stuck to a gaunt face. The limbs of the man beneath me were bound together with thick wrappings.

I retrieved a small knife from a Hole and gently pricked my finger. A single drop of blood swelled on my finger. I flicked it forward. The sound of the droplet impacting the stone echoed in the silence.

The bound form shifted. Leather and fabric creaked as it was strained. There was a great snapping sound as the bindings holding the shriveled form to the wall were torn. The body fell sideways, lunging towards where the drop of my blood had landed. A long tongue emerged from the mouth, lapping at the blood. Arms tore free of the binder holding them together. Crimson orbs snapped up, peering through a veil of wild black hair to perceive me.

"Years locked away. It isn't my master's blood that awakens me, but yours." A wicked grin split the man's face, showing off sharpened teeth. "Your blood is not human. It is delicious."

"You can have another taste after I say my piece." I said, watching the creature's movements carefully. I knew what this man could do. I wouldn't underestimate him. For the moment, he seemed more intrigued than hungry, so I continued. "My name is Balthazar Abaddon. I am a devil. I came here to recruit you into my peerage. I have the power to–"

"A monster seeks to command me?" he snarled. "I hunt other monsters." His body blurred.

A Hole appeared around me, pulling me to the other side of the cell. The monster crashed into the far wall of the cell, leaving a crater in the wall. His head snapped towards me the moment I reappeared.

"Let me–" Another Hole pulled me away as the monster leapt towards me again.

I looked down as I emerged from my portal. There were three lines cut into my shirt. I was bleeding.

Across from me, the monster licked at the blood dripping from its clawed hand. This was not going the way I wanted it to.

I reached into my coat pocket and pulled out a flyer, flicking it onto the ground. "Use this if you decide you want to talk. I can see that you're not–" Another Hole pulled me away as the monster lunged again.

"–In the mood." I finished lamely, staring at the wall of one of my mines.

My head fell in my hand as I sighed. I was now three for three on consecutive failures to recruit a Knight. First Talion, then Stahlmar. At least they let me speak without immediately trying to attack and eat me.

The question now was what do I do? I left the vampire a flyer. If he feels like talking after he has calmed down a bit, I can try to reincarnate him again. It was possible he would simply be unwilling. I had other Knights I was considering, but he would be the best.

I sighed, pulling a potion out of a Hole and downed it. The surprisingly deep gashes in my chest knit themselves together. I ran a hand over my shirt to magically clean up the blood. There wasn't much I could do for the fabric right now.

I'd give the vampire some time to think about whether he wanted to contact me or not. I couldn't say that the murderous rage he'd flown into when I opened my mouth filled me with confidence about his willingness to work with me, but I'd been surprised before. In the meantime, I didn't want to go home empty-handed.

I opened a Hole, shaking my head. If this individual refused, then I would need to seriously consider that the common problem in these recruiting attempts was me and that I should just give up.


X


A woman with scarlet hair walked alone on a dirt road. The hem of her white gown was stained brown from the road. She had been walking for some time now.

She'd given up her chance. She had the opportunity to regain everything she lost. She chose to give her daughter away. She did not regret her decision.

These last few months, she had been trying to find a purpose. Try as she might to pretend at being human, the truth was undeniable. She may have regained her form, but she was no longer human. She still could not taste. She still could not sleep. She still could not feel the joys she'd once known. In their place was the pain. The unending ache to change.

A spike of pain in her leg sent the woman tumbling to the ground with a hiss of pain. She reached down, pulling the hem of her dress up. White scales sprouted from her calf.

She clutched at her leg, squeezing down hard on the offensive scales, willing them away.

She couldn't lose herself again. She wasn't whole, but she was far better than she had been in centuries. She needed to find the mage. She would follow him to the ends of the world if he kept her as she was.

"Hello,"

The woman was startled, flinching at the voice appearing so close to her. She hadn't heard anyone approach.

"Can I help you up?" A man with fiery hair held his hand down to her.

The woman straightened out her dress and allowed him to help her to her feet. "Thank you."

"You're welcome. Forgive my forwardness, but my afternoon has not gone the way I expected it to. Please bear with me for a moment."

The woman took several shocked steps back, instinctively calling her magic to her hands as wings sprouted from the back of the man.

"Hello," he said calmly, unbothered by the fire in her hands. "My name is Balthazar Abaddon, Lord of the House of Abaddon. I am a devil from another world. I have come here for the purpose of reincarnating you into something called a peerage – a devil's direct subordinate structure. If you accept, you will become a devil. I will do everything–"

"I don't want to be a devil." the woman cut him off. "I want to be human!" she shouted, venting her rage at her present circumstances on this alien entity in front of her. Smoke shot out of her nose as she felt her ire rise. The painful ache spread through her body once more. She felt herself slipping.

"Please allow me to finish." the devil said, unconcerned with her posturing. "If you accept, I will do everything I can to make you comfortable. If you become a devil you will enjoy many benefits including but not limited to increased magic power, the ability to sleep, the ability to taste, an effectively limitless lifespan, a host of allies who will–"

"What did you say?" the woman asked. The fire she'd summoned was gone. She stared wide-eyed at the devil in front of her, trying in vain to squash the hope blooming in her chest.

"Devils are very similar to humans. If you agree to become a devil in my service, you will gain a permanent body similar to a human's. You will be able to enjoy all the pleasures that they enjoy. You–"

"Yes," the woman said immediately. "I accept. Make me a devil."

The man regarded her seriously. "I will not reincarnate you under false pretenses. If you agree to this, you will be subservient to me for eternity. I will treat you well and give you freedom, but you will be my servant. You will likely never return to this world. I will bring you home with me and Hell will become your new home."

"Will I be able to eat like a person again?"

"You will."

"I'll serve you for however long you want, go wherever you want and fight any enemy you put in front of me. Just give me my life back." she was practically pleading. The mage could only change her form. If this devil could return to her the pleasures of living, he would have her loyalty.

"Very well," the devil held up his hand. A glowing red object appeared. It began floating towards her. "You will be my first Bishop. Welcome to the House of Abaddon."

The woman gasped, feeling the object flow into her chest. The persistent pain was evaporated by a wave of pure euphoria that spread throughout her body. The feeling was so intense that the world went white.

When her vision returned, she realized she was on her knees, staring at the ground. The devil was kneeling over her, inspecting her. Calling out to her.

"Food."

"What? Are you okay? Do you need–"

"I want food." the woman cut off his concerned speech.

He pursed his lips. A small black orb appeared over his hand.

The woman tilted her head in confusion as the man ripped open a clear film made of a strange material she'd never seen before. He held out the item that was inside it. It looked somewhat reminiscent of a pastry.

Hesitantly, the woman took the item. Was it really food? What was that strange wrapping it was in? It at least smelled good so…

The woman's eyes widened. Without another moment's hesitation, she bit into the strange food.

Fruity. Sweet. Fluffy.

It was delicious.

Tears streamed down her face as, for the first time in centuries, she enjoyed the flavor of a delicious snack.

She looked up at the devil. "My name is Irene Belserion. You've given me back my life. I will follow you anywhere."


Spoiler: A "Human"



Spoiler: Who was the vampire?
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,715 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
May 17, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 25
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
May 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,590
My intent was to introduce Irene to everyone when I brought her back to my castle. That didn't happen. My new Bishop demanded I take her to the 'most comfy bed' I owned. She passed out amongst the covers the moment I brought her to one of the many empty bedrooms in the castle. She had been asleep since, a happy smile on her face as she snoozed. I decided it was probably best to leave the introductions until she was well rested.

The castle felt empty as I roamed its halls. Skeletons and golems stood sentry, but their presence felt more akin to ornamentation than company. Tapping into the protections Medea laid into the castle's very foundations, I only saw a few of my peerage present.

Shang Tsung was in his lab. Mothra was with him in the form of a small moth sat atop his head, antennae flicking in interest as he held up a vial for her to inspect.

Aside from them, the only other people in the castle were myself, Irene and Medea who was currently in the dining room sifting through a pile of letters. The rest of my peerage was probably off doing their own thing. That was fine with me.

I followed the halls to the dining room and walked up behind my seated Queen, draping my arms over her shoulders. "Hello," I said, kissing her cheek.

"Quite the beautiful maiden you've brought back, master." Medea said, still focused on the letters in front of her. "A dashing knight freeing her from the draconic affliction that caged her. It's practically a fairy tale. Should I be worried?"

"Not even the Leviathan herself could cause my eye to stray." I declared dramatically, recognizing her playful tone.

Medea looked over her shoulder at me, eyebrow raised. "The Leviathan?"

I shook my head. "She made a joke about kissing me. Nothing important."

Medea made a considering sound, lips pursed. "Did she enjoy her gift?"

I winced. "It… Things didn't go as intended. She had to resurrect a corpse instead of a warm body. I figured it was best to give them both some space. I went after the Knight after I left them."

"As I recall, your intended Knight was male. The woman you returned with is more akin to one of the potential Bishops we discussed."

"Let's just say my track record of recruiting Knights continues to disappoint. Irene was more accepting of the agreement."

"I'll need to properly introduce myself later." Medea said. A letter appeared in her hand. She held it up to me.

"What's this?" I said, taking the letter and stepping back, taking a seat at her side.

"The only mail we've received over a period of twelve days that is actually important."

I quickly scanned over the letter. I recognized the handwriting – my sister's. It was an invitation from Kuisha written on Sairaorg's behalf. Apparently there was going to be a party at Castle Vapula to celebrate the announcement of their new heir. It was scheduled for tomorrow.

"Congratualtions to Sairaorg Vapula. The timetable is a little demanding though." I said aloud as I set the letter down. More often than not, it was considered polite to give guests and hosts both at least a week of warning prior to an event.

"They don't want to allow anyone time to plot." Medea said. "If anyone wants to learn about how this came to be, they will need to attend the celebration or risk others gaining an advantage in negotiations with the new Vapula Heir. The Vapulas will be able to control the narrative."

I frowned. "So it'll probably be a big party."

"Most likely. Each surviving Pillar will have received an invitation. The Vapula's allies and other important minor nobles will also likely be in attendance."

"I don't suppose I can respectfully decline this invite?" Brushing shoulders with the Underworld's elite didn't sound like my idea of a good time. One-on-one meetings I could stomach. Being surrounded on all sides by nobility was a separate matter entirely.

"Sairaorg won't be insulted. Lord and Lady Vapula would likely take it as a slight."

I sighed. "I guess we're going to a party tomorrow, Medea. We'll stay long enough to be seen and offer congratulations then get out of there before anything happens."

"The invitation noted that peerages and family were welcome. Would you like to bring anyone else along?"

"That's up to them. I'd like to spend as little time there as possible. If Coal wants to hang out with Regulus, there will be better opportunities."

Medea smiled. "Where do you think he is right now? He and Aqua are helping Regulus 'settle in' to the new homestead you gifted them."

Kuisha must have made her selection from the catalogue of Bedeze's properties then. "Which one did they pick?"

"They claimed three; the manor and cottage near the Vapula's lands and the mansion on the outskirts of Lucifaad."

Not bad choices. The cottage and manor were vacation homes. Small. Little room for renovation. The mansion wasn't all that big, but its location so close to Lucifaad made it very valuable. That was one of the ones I was most looking forward to selling. That was probably one of the reasons Kuisha picked it. I'd rather have a better relationship with Sairaorg than some extra cash though. I already had plenty of revenue streams and more money than I knew what to do with.

"Well," I continued, "If anyone wants to come, they're welcome to. I think it would probably be better if we went somewhere just as a peerage though. We haven't really had a vacation. We also have two brand new members. I want to give them a chance to settle in and get to know everyone."

"Have you changed your mind about rapidly recruiting the others, then?"

I shook my head. "We'll need the numbers and extra firepower to deal with all of the attention we've been getting recently. It might be a good idea to put any vacations on hold until our last three members are with us. That is, assuming I can find a Knight actually willing to accept." I finished bitterly. I was running out of ideas for who to give my mutation Knight to. I had one more fallback. If he didn't accept, I'd have to think of a Plan Z.

Medea smiled proudly. "Well master, I think I might have something that should help with the attention we're receiving."

I raised an eyebrow. "That's right. You said something about working on a surprise while I was gone?"

Medea flicked her wrist. The dining hall was bathed in pure, opal light. Shadows fled in the presence of the golden cup in Medea's hand. I felt my spirit liven within me. I was invigorated, inspired.

"What… What is that?" I said, breathless. I couldn't look away.

"Sephiroth Graal."

I felt my heart skip a beat. "What?"

"This is Sephiroth Graal." Medea repeated.

That… That shouldn't be possible. According to the future knowledge I had, Sephiroth Graal should currently be bound to a dhampir. The only way Medea could have it now was…

"How did you get that?" I asked.

Medea must have heard something in my tone. Her proud smile fell into a concerned frown. "I… You told me what others would use this for. We had already waited too long. I had to secure it. I used Rule Breaker and removed it from the dhampir."

"And Valerie?" I was pretty sure I knew the answer.

"She passed peacefully. I couldn't leave her alive. It would have been too large of a loose end."

I shook my head, standing up and beginning to pace around the room.

"Balthazar?"

I didn't respond to Medea. I was too busy trying to put my thoughts in order.

My future knowledge had holes in it. I didn't remember everything from Highschool DXD's story. I hadn't even read it through in its entirety. I only got a little beyond what the anime showed before I dropped it. Most of my other knowledge came from fanfictions and scrolling through wikis. I was interested in the world of Highschool DXD, but I didn't like the main character or the really stupid boob power-ups.

I knew Valerie had Sephiroth Graal. I knew the Chaos Brigade used her to reincarnate a bunch of dragons and wreak havoc. I didn't know enough.

When did the Chaos Brigade learn Valerie had Sephiroth Graal? Did they always know? Did the Tepes Clan slip up at some point and reveal it? Were the Tepes Clan members of the Chaos Brigade to begin with? Did the Tepes Clan even know Valerie had Sephiroth Graal?

"Balthazar?" Medea sounded uncertain, maybe even a little scared.

I stopped pacing, facing the wall and running a hand down my face. "Dammit, Medea."

"What's wrong, honey?" She was standing, walking towards me, reaching out to take my hands.

I shook my head, avoiding her. "Why didn't you tell me about this? We just had a conversation about keeping me informed about shit like this after my uncle."

Medea froze. She looked lost. "I… I wanted to surprise you. We needed security. This can give us that." She lifted the glowing cup. It pulsed against the air, radiating divine power. "I'm sorry about Valerie. I know you talked about potentially recruiting her, but I couldn't leave the loose end."

I shook my head. "This isn't about Valerie."

I didn't know Valerie. I knew about her character. From what I remembered about the dhampir, everyone around her manipulated and abused her. She was a tragic character. It certainly would have been nice if she had gotten a happier ending, but the world wasn't an ideal place. Was I supposed to go out of my way to make every character I knew from DXD happy just because I'd once read a story about them? What about all of the other people suffering in the world that hadn't been lucky enough to be named characters in a titty anime?

No. I didn't really know any of those characters or anyone else in the world besides. There problems weren't my problems. I wouldn't go out of my way to help them just because I read a story about them once. My focus was on my peerage and the allies I'd made outside of it. I wasn't exaclty happy that Valerie was dead, but that wasn't my main concern right now.

"How is stealing Sephiroth Graal supposed to help us stay under the radar, Medea?" I asked, turning to face her.

Medea's eyes narrowed. She was starting to get mad too. "No one knows I stole it. I was careful. They didn't even know I was there. If anyone investigates her death, they will assume she died from the strain of holding the Grail. No one will even suspect that it was taken prior to her passing. I thought you would be happy to have such a powerful tool at our disposal."

"You're missing the point again, Medea. Why didn't you tell me? You need to keep me informed about big moves like this. I tell you about all of my plans involving the Satans, all of my recruitment attempts that have the potential to affect all of us. You need to do the same. Stealing Sephiroth Graal is something I need to know about before you do it. We can't plan as a team if you keep flying off on your own like this."

"I already told you. I was careful. No one will know we have it."

I resisted the urge to snap at her. Judging by her glare, that wouldn't accomplish anything. "How can you be sure? Maybe someone else was watching. Maybe you weren't as careful as you think you were. But fine, let's say you're right. What happens when the asshole son of Lucifer that I have already warned you about comes looking that thing. This is why I didn't go after Valerie before now. I didn't have a plan in place to deal with that kind of attention. We already have the Angels and the Greeks on our ass. Did we really need the Chaos Brigade too?"

"They. Do not. Know. That I have it." Medea ground out, fuming. "We needed something to even the playing field. I secured something to even the playing field, something to protect us."

"What if you'd died!"

Medea flinched, taken aback at my sudden outburst.

I'd already lost control, I kept yelling. "What if you hadn't been careful enough and someone found you? I told you that I don't know everything! What if Rizevim or one of his cronies was there? If they found you and captured or killed you, I wouldn't even know what happened to you because you didn't fucking tell me!"

I took a breath. "Dammit, Medea. I thought we were passed this. I need to know when you're planning something like this. I need to know when you're making moves with the potential to have drastic fallout. If anything had gone wrong, I wouldn't have been able to help. I wouldn't have even known. I was in a separate world. I wouldn't have known something was wrong until I came home and realized you weren't there. Think of it in reverse. What would you do if I suddenly disappeared yesterday? Pretend I didn't tell you that I was going to a different world with Serafall. All you know is that I'm not there."

Medea didn't look angry anymore. She wouldn't meet my eyes.

I sighed, letting the simmering emotions bleed out of me. "There's a reason I keep you appraised of what I'm doing. If something happens to me, you need to know where to start looking. The same goes for me. I can't even begin to find you if you don't tell me when you're trying something like this. We're supposed to be a team."

"I'm sorry." Medea said. The words were quiet.

I sighed. I walked forward and gently pulled her into a hug. Her arms immediately snapped around me, squeezing tight.

"What are you planning to use Sephiroth Graal for?" I asked as calmly as I could. I was still trying to cool off.

"I'm going to bind it to myself to use as my Sacred Gear. I can't do that until it's stable. I need Alphecca Tyrant to stabilize it. Once it's stable, I can use Incinerate Anthem and True Longinus to empower it." She spoke into my shoulder, muffled and fast.

"Will you lose control of Sephiroth Graal if we don't get Alphecca Tyrant right away?"

"No. You can store it in a Hole locked by Aqua to keep it from rejoining the Sacred Gear system."

"Okay," I pulled back slightly to look her in the eye. "For now, we seal that thing in a Hole. We'll start looking for whoever has Alphecca Tyrant after I finish recruiting for my peerage. We're going to need the extra help dealing with the attention hunting down the Holy Relics will bring."

Medea seemed confused. "You'll help?"

"My issue isn't with the plan. I'm mad you executed it withou involving me. I don't need to know when you go to the store. But tell me when you do something like this. Do not do anything else like this alone, okay?"

"Okay," Medea laid her head back down on my shoulder. "Okay."


X


Things felt awkward between Medea and I. I'd slept in one of the guest rooms last night to let myself cool down and now it felt like there was a wall up between us.

We'd never really fought before. I didn't feel I was in the wrong for being upset that she'd stolen a Longinus Sacred Gear without telling me, but I wasn't proud of myself for losing my cool. In a perfect world, we'd have a few days to ourselves where we could talk and get back to where things were. This wasn't a perfect world. We had to go to Sairaorg's party.

The rest of the peerage was staying back. Coal and Aqua had soken with Regulus yesterday when they'd gone to see him. The lion told them their presence wasn't needed and they would probably be bored. Regulus lamented the fact that he had to go himself and didn't want Coal to have to sit through it with him.

Regulus's feelings about the party matched my own. I didn't want to go, but I was the Lord of a house that would likely be close allies with the Vapulas in the near future. I had to show my face. Once we'd stayed long enough to be polite, Medea and I would leave.

"I will search for important people among the guests and deal with those seeking to do business at the party, master." Medea said. Outwardly, she appeared unphased. I knew her well enough to know she was uneasy. There was a slight frown curling her lips downward. Her chin was lowered. Were she wearing her typical robes, her face would be obscured by the shadows of her hood. Instead, she wore a purple gown with dark patterns.

This was a formal occasion. We needed to at least pay lip service to its function. I'd traded out my typical, more casual coat for a true suit but otherwise left my wardrobe unchanged. Black suit, pants and tie with a red shirt.

"Thank you, Medea." I said. We'd need to talk after the party. "Let's go." A Hole opened and we stepped through it together.

The invitation we'd received acted as a key to allow us into the wards of the Vapula estate. It deposited us in a reception area. A small circular room with a large golden seal built into the floor. White walls rose to a pointed roof above us. A silver-haired man in a suit stood at the edge of the room near a set of double doors. He bowed at our approach.

"Viscount Abaddon, on behalf of Lord and Lady Vapula I bid you welcome to this celebration. It is an honor to host you. Please continue into the courtyard and join in the festivities. If you require assistance, speak to one of the servants. We will be happy to assist you in any way we can."

"Thank you," I said, curt. I wasn't exactly a fan of all the grandeur. I was an anomaly among devils for that reason. The majority of the devils this man was tasked to greet would probably throw a fit if he didn't grovel.

The doors opened before us as we approached. Two women in maid uniforms curtsied as they opened the doors from the outside. Their gazes were fixed on the floor in front of them. They wouldn't look at me as I passed.

It felt a little strange to me to be around living servants. The skeletons, animated armors and golems staffing my estate would stare right through you like you weren't there. They weren't intelligent enough to feel like genuine company. I would eventually need to start hiring devil servants to handle the tasks the skeletons couldn't perform. When that time came, I would want capable, trustworthy servants who weren't afraid to look me in the eye. It was a problem for the future once I felt secure in my ability to combat the threats facing me.

The small gazebo we'd arrived in let out into a vast courtyard. Cobbled paths wove between hedges and trees. There were extravagant fountains spraying water in dazzling displays. Statues of devils and monsters stood in threatening poses.

Amongst the courtyard's decorations were the devils. Men and women of sinful beauty garbed in the finest fabrics. There were so many of them. The courtyard was large. Even so, it was packed with people. They spoke in small groups. Some whispered in pairs. Many laughed loud as they enjoyed their wine. Men and women in crisp suits wove between them carrying trays to ensure the wine kept flowing and the horderves continued to satisfy.

I tried to pick out a familiar face amongst the sea of devils. I had little success. Far away from the gazebo to receive guests was Castle Vapula, home to the lord and lady of the same name. A pair of curved staircases led up to either side of an elevated platform overlooking the courtyard. There, Sairaorg stood with two devils I recognized to be Lord and Lady Vapula. Together, they received guests and gifts, sharing idle conversation before the guest left and another took their place. An orderly line formed up the left-most staircase where other devils waited to greet the new Vapula heir.

If I wanted to leave as soon as possible after showing my face, that was where I should go.

"Let's try to navigate through this chaos." I said.

Medea nodded and followed at my side.

At first, no one marked our passing. I began to think I might be able to escape this party without socializing outside my greeting to Sairaorg. My mistaken assumption was corrected about half-way through the courtyard.

"Balthazar!"

I tensed as a shape rapidly moved towards me, relaxing at the last second as I recognized the flash of black hair.

Serafall Leviathan threw her arms around me, vibrating excitedly. "It's so good to see you!" she declared loudly. She wore a skirtsuit. The collar had a golden pin with the symbol of the Leviathan.

"It's good to see you too, Serafall." I said, awkwardly returning her hug. All around us, devils had paused their conversations. Some tried to be subtle as they watched us. Others watched openly, calculating gazes on their face.

"Medea!" Serafall released me and was suddenly wrapped around me Queen. "You're still willing to be on my show, right? I finalized the script. Oh! Come on, we can talk about it!" Serafall grabbed Medea's arm with one hand and mine with the other, bodily dragging us along behind her. She pulled us into a smaller alcove. A large hedge bush shielded us from the rest of the party. She released us and smiled awkwardly. "Sorry, I needed an excuse to get you away from everyone."

"You could have just asked?" I suggested.

"Or left whatever this is for another time. There are eyes everywhere." Medea said.

Serafall shrugged. "It's not too important. Parties are a good place to talk. I've got some business to do once we're done here."

"Are you the only Satan here?" I asked. It made sense that they would receive invitations to the unveiling of an heir, but I didn't know if the others would show up.

"Falbium and Ajuka already left." Serafall answered, an amused curl to her lips. "They congratulated Sairaorg then were gone right after. I think they only spent five minutes here."

"That was my plan too. Parties aren't really my thing." I said.

"Don't you run one of the most successful businesses in the Underworld? Shouldn't you try to network?" Serafall asked.

"We have no need to network. Our foundations have already been set and we work on a contract basis." Medea explained.

"That, and we have more pressing concerns right now. I have more money than I know what to do with. I'm more focused on finishing my peerage." I added.

"Makes sense." Serafall said. "That brings me to part of the reason I called you over. Bring out your Pawn."

I smiled, expecting I knew where this was going. With a flash of demonic power, my last Pawn appeared in my hand.

Serafall held her hand up next to mine, a Mutation Pawn glowing with power between her thumb and forefinger. She waved her other hand. A spell circle rose to swallow each of the Pawns. They disappeared. A second spell circle brought the Pawns back. I now held the Mutation Pawn.

"There," Serafall said, vanishing the Pawn in her hand. "That's thanks for yesterday."

I looked at the Mutation Pawn in my hand a moment longer before sending it away. Serafall had performed the same minor ritual when she'd given me the Mutation Knight. Typically, the process of trading pieces was a lot more involved. Serafall was one of the people closest to the Evil Piece's creator and knew a lot more about them as a result.

"Speaking of yesterday, how is…everything?" I asked, trying to be vague. There was a bush blocking sight from the other devils, but sound still carried. Medea had already warned us about eyes being everywhere.

Serafall sighed. "Not great. Could be a lot worse all things considered. I'm working through it." She turned to Medea. "You're still willing to be on my show, right? That was only partially an excuse to talk to you guys. I really do have the first draft of the script done. I'm going to change some things to work in a new character. I think it'll be good for her."

"Send me a copy of the script and the amended version once you have it. I am very busy, but I will do my best to work it into my schedule." Medea said.

"We'll make it work. I have people from different factions on the show every now and then. We've gotten good at managing schedule conflicts. I made you a villain like you asked. Let me know if you want any changes in your character or your role in the story. I can workshop it when I write in Mami."

Serafall let out a long, tired sigh. "Much as I'd like to stay and chat, there's a lot more people I need to talk to here and I'm trying to get home as fast as I can to be with my Pawn. It was good to see you guys."

"You too, Serafall." I said, waving as she turned to leave.

"Oh!" she spun around. "Sirzechs wants to talk to you. If he pushes to hard, tell him to deal with me instead." With that, she turned back around and disappeared around the corner.

"Thoughts on why Lucifer wants to talk to us?" I asked Medea.

"I don't know. It will probably be a conversation we'd rather avoid."

"I was thinking the same."

Serafall had told me that she would be my point of contact with the Satans. If Sirzechs wanted to talk to me, I could think of very few reasons he'd be interested. Before my trip with Serafall, I would have assumed he wanted to talk about getting items made from Medea or maybe buying raw materials directly from me. Now, it was probably something to do with my ability to reach beyond the world.

I sighed. "Let's try to track down Lucifer and see what he wants then head straight to Sairaorg. I want to get out of here before we have any more surprises."

"I have already located Lucifer. Follow me." Medea said.

We walked back into the main area. I felt many eyes tracking me as we progressed. I'm not sure if people realized who I was before or if they just hadn't cared. After Serafall very publicly pulled attention to me, I became a subject of interest.

"Hello!" A devil with blonde hair wearing a gaudy, gold suit had stepped into my path. "I'm…"

He was the first. He wasn't the last. One after another, minor nobles walked up to me and started up a conversation. I was polite. I exchanged curtesies with them. When the subject inevitably changed to partnering with my business or trading peerage members, I would politely excuse myself.

Please send all business propositions to our main office. I'm sorry, I am not interested in trading any piece of my peerage.

The thin veneer of civility crumbled when I didn't immediately give them what they want. Some stormed off. Others put on plastic smiles and said they would follow up with me. I was not making a lot of friends. There were those who behaved like mature adults and took the refusal in stride but they were few and far between.

What should have been a leisurely stroll turned into a near-hour long trek to the other side of the courtyard. It was draining.

"Not enjoying the party?" Sirzechs Lucifer was tall. Crimson hair parted and fell around his face like a waterfall. He wore a long coat with a high collar and golden designs. He had an easy smile on his face.

"I am not accustomed to venues such as this, Lord Lucifer. Forgive the poor introduction. I am Lord Balthazar Abaddon." I bowed shallowly.

"There's no need for all that. With how much Sera talks about you, I feel like I already know you." His smile thinned into a considering line. "You're a very interesting man, Balthazar. I hope the two of us can get along."

"I hope so too." I'd bet a lot on allying with the New Satans. If they suddenly decided to turn on me I'd be in a bit of a bind. I had fallback plans for if that happened, but I would really prefer if it didn't.

"Serafall said you wanted to talk to me?" I said leadingly. Were we anywhere else, I probably would have tried to be less direct. Dealing with all of the nonsense from the other nobles had left me drained. I wanted to go home and sleep.

"I did. This is a…private matter. I believe it would be best if we met at another time. Would that be acceptable to you?"

I was impressed with how well I controlled my irritation. I just spent the last hour walking through asshole nobles to end up here, further from Sairaorg than I started, and now we were just going to set a meeting to talk at a different time?

"Of course, Lord Lucifer," I said, smiling. "I can host you in my home in three days if that is acceptable?" I was giving myself extra time so I could spend all of tomorrow asleep. I was already emotionally drained from this party.

Sirzechs smiled warmly. "Thank you, Balthazar. I look forward to it." With that he turned around and started up a conversation with some noble I didn't recognize.

I turned around and started walking away before I said or did something stupid. I was a little peeved at the Lord of Hell right now.

Medea threaded her arm through mine, concern in her eyes.

I relaxed into her side, feeling some of the tension dispel from my body. "Thanks. Sorry." I said quietly.

Together, we walked towards the platform where Sairaorg was still meeting with guests. Even from this distance, I could see he was getting irritated. I saw Kuisha approach him at different intervals to share a few words with him in between meetings with nobles.

My journey towards the platform once more saw me assaulted by nobles whose names I didn't know from houses I'd never heard of seeking alliances, products and–most irritating–my peerage members.

Thank you, but I must decline. A generous offer, but I'll need more time to consider it. Please forward such requests to my assistant Latia Astaroth. Unfortunately, I do not have any desire to trade my peerage members.

The faces had started to blur together. All of the important factors were the same. The greedy grin. The enraged balk at my refusal. They reminded me why I didn't enjoy spending time among the devil populace. At least its lower nobility. No Pillar devils had approached me in the same manner as these nobles. They were present. I saw them gathered in small groups off to the side and in corners, but they seemed content to watch the rest of us.

After another hour-and-a-half of traversing the mob, I finally made it to the bottom of the stairs only to be stopped by one final noble who'd done her hair up like a peacock. It was really tacky.

Seeing my distress, Medea released me and waved me forward, stepping in the peacock's path and weathering the inane conversation in my stead.

I took the out and immediately fled, walking up the stairs to join the line of people waiting to greet the new Vapula Heir. I needed to do something really nice for Medea when we were done here.

I leaned against the rail while I waited, my eyes closed as I tried to catch my breath and fight the oncoming migraine. If I had it my way, I would never attend one of these functions again. It had been nothing but a substantial waste of time and energy. Maybe I could have made better use of my time by trying to forge alliances, but I didn't see how the minor nobles who seemed so impressed with themselves were supposed to measure up to the likes of Serafall or Magdaran and Sairaorg. I was here to ensure my relationship and burgeoning alliance with Sairaorg didn't deteriorate. Everything else was secondary.

"Not enjoying all of the attention, I take it?"

I opened my eyes, turning to look at the speaker.

A woman with cherry-blossom hair walked up the steps to stand behind me in line. A stylized silver and amethyst pendant hung from her neck above the blue dress she wore. Dark horns rose out of the side of her head, curling around to end in points above her forehead. An amused smile pulled at her lips as she leaned into the railing at my side. She was very beautiful, standing out even amongst the sin-enhanced devils all around us.

Something was tickling at the back of my mind as I looked at her – a detail I should know but was having difficulty remembering.

"Forgive me, the festivities have taken a lot out me." I said, falling back on politeness. Everyone here was someone important. The devils of lower social standing wouldn't have been invited. Being polite was important if for no other reason that avoiding pissing people off. It was why I'd spent so much energy dealing with the other nobles. Yes, I'd refused their every advance, but I'd done them the courtesy of hearing them out. Hopefully that kept any blowback to petty levels as opposed to vindictive.

The woman laughed, a sweet sound like a tinkling bell. "Yes, I can see that. Perhaps I should have approached you before the Leviathan pulled you away?"

My eyes narrowed as I looked at the woman in a new light. She was watching me. Many devils had approached me for one reason or another today, and I hadn't exactly appreciated any of those meetings.

"I don't recall you mentioning your name." I said, more guarded now.

"How rude of me." She dipped into an exaggerated curtsy. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Balthazar. My name is Lady Roygun Belphegor of House Belphegor."

Now I knew why I felt like I should know this woman. Roygun was ranked second in Rating Games, higher than my late uncle, one step below Diehauser. I was pretty sure she was one of the devils who had a King Piece.

I adjusted the cufflinks of my coat, channeling mana into them to activate the enchantment as I did. I bowed shallowly. "The pleasure is mine, Lady Belphegor."

"Oh, I think you can call me, Roygun. We're both celebrated Rating Game competitors, aren't we?"

"One match against my uncle hardly makes me a Rating Game competitor."

"It does when you defeat the third ranked seat in an embarrassing fashion." Her smile turned to a frown. "I knew your uncle. We did not get along as well as I would have liked, but I was sad to hear he passed."

"Thank you," I said simply. Everyone else seemed to care a lot more about Bedeze being dead than I did. Or at least they were pretending to care. "I'm assuming you came to congratulate Sairaorg." I was trying to pull the topic to something safe until my backup got here. I didn't know why I was suddenly enjoying the company of one of Devilkind's strongest Rating Game competitors and I wanted to keep her distracted until I had help.

Roygun looked up the stairs where Sairaorg was currently speaking with a gold-haired devil. "Quite the story, isn't it? The disgraced Bael heir taken into arms of a separate Pillar? I can already see the months of speculation and publications that will result from this."

"Sairaorg deserves it." I said, watching the man in question awkwardly try to escape a hug he'd been pulled into by the devil he'd been speaking with.

"It seems that interesting young devils are popping up from the woodwork." Roygun was once more looking at me, intently focused, a shine in her eye.

"Pardon?"

"You're something of a story yourself, Balthazar. Even one of your accomplishments would have been enough to awe the Underworld, but you keep amassing more. Your business, your impressive peerage, usurping the seat of Lord Abaddon from your uncle, defeating the 3rd ranked Rating Game competitor in your debut match, and doing it all at such a young age…" She bit her lip. "You're interesting."

I looked over Roygun's shoulder, thankful that salvation had arrived. "Ah! Roygun, let me introduce you to my Queen. This is Medea."

Roygun turned around. Medea stood behind her, eyes narrowed. I'd seen her start walking towards us the second I used the enchantment in my cufflinks to alert her that something was wrong.

Roygun smiled warmly. "It's an honor to meet you, Medea! I grew up with stories about you. I finally have a face to match to the legend!"

Medea looked behind me. "I believe it is your turn to greet Sairaorg, Balthazar. I will continue to entertain your new friend."

I sent Medea a thankful smile and fled up the stairs immediately. I still didn't know exactly what Roygun wanted and I wanted to avoid dealing with her right now if possible. I was unprepared and extremely tired after dealing with all of the other nobles. I wasn't in a good headspace to be messing around with people with the potential to make my life difficult.

"Balthazar!"

I looked up just in time to see Sairaorg careening towards me. The dark coat he wore flapped against the air as he ran up to me and threw his arms around me.

"Thank the Satans!" He grasped my shoulders, eyes frantic. "Please! Get me out of here. I've done nothing but shake hands and smile for six hours. My cheeks hurt. I've never had to smile this much!"

"Please ignore my grandson's dramatics." A brown-haired woman in a deep red ballgown said. "You must be Lord Abaddon."

I bowed shallowly. "Lady Vapula, thank you for hosting me." I remember seeing Lord Vapula up here earlier, but he was no longer present. I wasn't sure where he got off to, but the Lady of the house was still overseeing Sairaorg's meetings.

"Thank you for coming, Balthazar." she said warmly. "It has been hard enough to keep Sairaorg still throughout this process. The only thing that has kept him in place has been the brief moments where he could interact with the friends that came to greet him."

"Who all has come through?" I asked Sairaorg.

"Latia and Mag were here earlier. I don't think you've met any of the others. I'll have to introduce you sometime. But since you're here now I can–"

"Stay put and set the groundwork for a prosperous future as Lord Vapula." Lady Vapula said sternly, glaring at Sairaorg.

Sairaorg wilted under her gaze. "Yes, ma'am." He acquiesed with a sigh.

"I haven't seen you in a bit. How is everything going?" I asked.

Sairaorg brightened. "Things have been great! I recruited some new peerage members since we last talked. Mainly though I've just been really busy getting ready for all this. We got moved into the new house you gave us. Thanks for that, by the way. You really didn't have to do that." He said seriously.

"It would've just collected dust until I finally got around to selling it otherwise. This way, at least someone is getting some use out of it. Consider it a gift to celebrate your new title, Lord Vapula."

Sairaorg sighed. "Please don't. I've been getting enough of that from Mag and Kuisha. I really need to get away from all of this for a bit."

"You can get away from it all after the party is over, dear." Lady Vapula said from behind him. "There are still many lords waiting to meet you. Say your goodbyes to your friend and collect yourself."

Sairaorg smiled awkwardly. "Don't suppose there's any way you'd be willing to hang out with me and talk to some more nobles?"

"Every man for himself." I deadpanned. "I've already talked to too many people today. I need to find a way to navigate back to that gazebo without interacting with anyone." I wouldn't be able to get through the wards otherwise. Well, Medea could probably break through them, but that wouldn't be very cordial to our hosts.

"Allow me," Lady Vapula said. She walked forward, almost gliding across the space and gently laid a hand on my shoulder. Instantly, I felt the restrictions of the wards vanish. I was taken aback, completely shocked. She just keyed me to Castle Vapula's wards.

"Uh… While I appreciate the gesture Lady Vapula, I don't–"

"Esireth," she interrupted me.

"Pardon?"

"My name is Esireth." She leaned in close to my ear, her voice barely above a whisper. "You returned my daughter to me. I will not accept you referring to me as anything but my name."

"Esireth then." I said, noting the content smile on her face as she pulled back. "Speaking of, how is…everything." I said, failing to find a less vague way of asking about Sairaorg's mother without saying her name. Esireth wouldn't have spoken so quietly if they weren't controlling the information.

"I would ask that you keep your silence for now." Esireth said. "We are still deciding how best to handle the situation."

I nodded. "Easy enough." I turned back to Sairaorg and held out my hand. "Congratulations, Sai. Good luck getting through the rest of the day."

He shook my hand, an amused smile on his face. "Spar with me when you've got some time. It'll help deal with the trauma I'm sure to suffer."

"See you later." I bowed once more to Esireth Vapula and turned around, heading back towards the stairs.

"Come back any time, Balthazar. You are always welcome." Esireth called as I left. I nodded gratefully to her as I headed down the stairs.

"I hate to interrupt," I said, stepping up next to Medea and Roygun. "But I think it's time we were going, don't you Medea?"

"Quite. I'm rather exhausted." my Queen said.

Roygun nodded in understanding. "These things can get a bit overwhelming, can't they? It was good meeting both of you." Her eyes lingered on me. "I look forward to seeing you again, Balthazar." She walked past me up the stairs to greet Sairaorg and his grandmother.

"Are you ready to leave?" I asked Medea.

"I have been ready to depart for the last hour. I am not looking forward to traversing the crowd to find the exit."

"Good thing we don't have to." I walked up next to her and opened a Hole around us, pulling us away without another word.

Medea looked around our bedroom in confusion. "They keyed you to their wards?"

"Lady Vapula was very grateful that her daughter is awake again."

"That explains it." Medea kicked her shoes off and fell onto the bed. "I'm exhausted."

I moved to join her, hesitating as I remembered last night. I hadn't slept here with her. I wanted us both to have some time to cool off. Now I didn't know what to do.

The wall behind me hummed with power. A thin, three-fingered hand of black energy emerged from the wall, pressing into my back between my shoulder blades. It gently pushed me towards the bed. When I was close enough, Medea reached out and grabbed my arms, pulling me down into bed and wrapping me up in a hug.

The room settled. We lay in each other's arms. Medea wouldn't meet my eyes. I could tell there was something she wanted to say.

"I'm sorry," she finally said. "I should have told you about my plans for Sephiroth Graal. I wanted it to be a surprise, but that isn't something I should surprise you with."

"I'm sorry I yelled." I said. "I overthink everything. I was so caught up in thinking about how you might have died that I wasn't focusing on the fact that you didn't."

Medea smiled softly. "I'm too impulsive. You're too hesitant. We're good for eachother." Her smile turned into a frown. Her arms pulled me closer. She laid her head on my shoulder. "I hated last night. I've grown so used to falling asleep with you; to waking up with you. I want that forever. Don't make me sleep without you again. Even when we fight I want to be with you, okay?"

I held her close. "Okay. I'm sorry. I won't "

"You're here. It's okay."

I pulled the sheets over us and we both shifted to get more comfortable. We were both exhausted after the party. Sleep found us easily.


Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Potato Nose, Norego and 1,689 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
May 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 26
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jun 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,794
Idyia stood at the edge of a vast lake. Light glinted off the water's surface like flakes of gold reflecting firelight. This was her new home. Prior to her arrival it did not stretch so far. After securing the permission of these land's lord, she had worked with her daughter to expand what was once a small pond that now enveloped an entire plain.

"It is done." she said.

At her side stood a man. Bronze skin mixed with golden tattoos displayed on his bare chest. He stood at her side, arms crossed as he looked over the water. "That was faster than I expected."

The goddess smiled. "My daughter is not the only one with her tricks. Would you like to see it?"

Her dark-haired companion nodded stiffly. A wordless affirmation.

Idyia stepped into the water, descending with each step as if walking down a staircase.

Coal, the dragon in human form, drifted after her at her side as they descended beneath the surface.

Long was their descent. The light from above was lost to them as they continued down. The only light to be found was the glow of Coal's tattoos and an ever-present corona of divinity painting the water around Idyia's form.

Ahead, deep in the water, there was light. Blue, green, violet – luminescent colors flickering in the depths. A structure stood proud, basking in the multi-colored light. Idyia had never required much to content herself. Thousands of years ago, she lived in a grand palace built by her husband to house their family. After losing everything, she was content to slumber in a secluded cove – small, comforting. At her daughter's bidding, she put more effort into the construction of this domicile.

Standing proud bathed in multi-colored light was a castle of coral; a living structure home to more creatures than Idyia herself. Schools of silver fish, agile eels, crustaceans – all manner of aquatic life gathered around the castle. Idyia's presence had turned the bottom of the lake into an ocean-like paradise. Her divinity had seeped into the ground and the water around it, transforming the immediate vicinity.

Idyia's feet touched the lake floor, scattering sand to be swept up in the water. Great doors of hardened coral opened as she approached. Through the doors, a magical barrier held the water at bay keeping it from entering the home. This measure was unnecessary for her. In contrast, Idyia preferred to be submerged in the water, but the others who she planned to host still required to breathe air. The dragon at her side could last for a very long time without air, but even he too would eventually succumb.

They passed into the home. Their clothes and hair were dried by the same barrier that held the water at bay.

Coal took a small breath of air as he looked around. "Pretty."

The interior was carved from dark stones taken from the lakebed. Idyia had done her best to make the place lively. Decorations of sculpted stone and paintings. Elegant carpets and uncut precious stones.

"I'm glad you like it." Idyia said, leading Coal deeper into the structure.

"Are you adjusting well?" Coal asked with nonchalance, though Idyia could see him watching her intently out of the corner of his eye.

She smiled, a warmth reaching her heart at her friend's concern. "You do not need to concern yourself with my wellbeing, Coal. My daughter is returned to me. I have a new place to call home. I am well. What of yourself?"

"Me? I'm good. Better than I've been in a really long time. There are still days when I wake up surprised I'm out of that cage, but those are growing fewer."

Idyia frowned. "I'm sorry. I did not know you had been captured. If I had…"

Coal shook his head. "Nothing you could have done. The bastard above grabbed me the second my soul departed. No time for intervention. I appreciate the thought though."

"Let us speak of more pleasant matters. How is Regulus?"

Coal barked out a laugh. "He hated Sairaorg's party. The Vapulas were parading him around in a golden suit like some great treasure. He had a lot of frustration to work out after that little get-together. Bastard ripped my arm off during that fight."

"That sounds excruciatingly painful."

"Not the first time it's happened. It won't be the last either."

The duo sat down on a padded couch. A spectral figure approached with a tray laden with cups. Coal refused a beverage. Idyia took a glass of wine.

"What are your long term plans with this place?" Coal asked, motioning around.

For a moment, Idyia was confused with the question. Her power assisted her in grasping the intent behind it. "You wish to know if I plan to stay here indefinitely?"

Coal shrugged. "You and I weren't on the best terms before, but I think I know you better than most these days. Sticking around forever was never really your thing."

"You are correct. You are also wrong. I never remained in one place because I never had ties to bind me. My family changed that. I would have stayed in Colchis long past its destruction as long as I had them at my side. I was lost without them. I have found my daughter again. I have found myself. I will stay as long as I am welcome." A small smile graced her face. "Perhaps I will finally be able to experience what it is to be a grandmother."

Coal stared off into space, a smile gracing his own face. "Wouldn't that be something? I'd love to teach the little rascals how to scrap. Take 'em flying. Yeah. That'd be nice. I think I'd make a pretty good uncle."

"I do not doubt it."

The two sat hidden in the depths, idly chatting. Two ancient friends reunited in a strange new world after their respective exile.


X


Shang Tsung scribbled notes in a book, documenting the effect of his most recent test. His master had given him many texts about brewing potions. He was finding there was still more to learn. An oversight on her part or a test of his abilities? With Medea, it was likely the latter.

Shang Tsung flinched. A fuzzy appendage tapped his eyebrow expectantly.

Sighing, he tore a blank page out of his notebook and held it above his head. "It's still not working."

The moth atop his head began meticulously eating the paper he'd provided. He felt a song of gratitude. A flutter of curiosity. A strong eagerness.

"How will that help?" Shang Tsung asked, confused.

A weight left his head. The moth descended. Its form changed. Mothra stood next to him in her devil form. She quickly finished munching on her paper as she walked up next to him. A gentle urging.

Shang Tsung nodded. "Alright, I'll try it again."

He gathered his ingredients and vessels, carefully measuring out portions as he began his task. Alternating heat and cold. The imbuing of the proper amount of mana at the proper time. The process had become second nature to him.

A lifetime ago, Shang Tsung recalled he'd once done something similar. Secluded from the world in the back of his cart, he would mix paints with liquids, trying desperately to create convincing fake elixirs to pay for his dinner. No more.

He was no longer a false sorcerer. He was Shang Tsung, Pawn of Abaddon, Sorcerer, 'Soul Thief' as he'd been dubbed by the devils who had appreciated his theatrics. Aqua delighted in showing him all of the 'memes' that spawned from his theft of Runa's powers. Shang Tsung had not been embarrassed. No. He was proud. People knew his name. They knew his strength. Yes, there were those who mocked him, but they were a minority. They did not understand that his act was no mere spectacle. Even now, he felt Runa's power brimming within him, begging him to make use of it.

His new power; his new home where he never felt hunger; the laboratory where he uncovered secrets he thought would forever be denied to him; his allies, irritating though they could be at times – he would have none of it were it not for his lord. Balthazar Abaddon had held up his end of their bargain many times over. All he asked in return was Shang Tsung's loyalty. Lord Abaddon had it. None would harm Balthazar while Shang Tsung still drew breath.

A nagging urgency.

Shang Tsung was pulled from his thoughts. At his side, Mothra was glaring at him. She pointed at the vial in front of him. It was beginning to bubble over.

Shang Tsung hastily cut off the heat and moved the vial before his project could be ruined. It was almost done now. All that was left was to imbue more mana.

Mothra reached out and grabbed his wrist, preventing him from continuing.

"What's wrong?" he asked, seeing the expression she wore. Mothra wore her heart on her sleeve. Whatever she was feeling or thinking was visible. Even in her moth form, Shang Tsung had spent enough time around her to understand what she was saying or thinking despite her inability to speak.

A creeping curiosity.

Shang Tsung looked between Mothra and the vial. This was not the first he had made. He was here to experiment. Losing this vial would not be of consequence. Shang Tsung motioned Mothra forward.

A sharp spike of excitement. Mothra reached out and took the vial. She held it up to her eyes and watched it swish back and forth. A song of joy.

"There are other potions if you only want to see them shake around."

Mothra glared at him. He held up his hands and backed up.

Mothra shook her head and refocused on the vial. Her eyes closed. Her wings unfurled.

It was not the first time Shang Tsung had seen her wings. Long, patterned, beautiful like an eye full of wonder. This time was different.

Energy gathered around Mothra's body, soft blue like an icy lake.

Shang Tsung had never felt anything like it. His magic, his master's magic, even his lord's magic was all firmly bound and controlled. A system harnessed to bring about the fullest potential possible for the least input. Simple in its design. Precise in its application.

Whatever magic Mothra now called forth was the exact opposite. Wild. Untamed. A pure expression of something primal, not an energy chained to a task. A force unleashed to ebb and swell at its own will.

The energy flowed down her body into her hands. Mothra held a single finger over the lip of the vial. A drop of the blue energy fell into the vial, mixing with the green liquid within. The blue glow spread throughout the vial. Shang Tsung was forced to look away as an oppressive light shone from deep within the vial. When the glow faded, Shang Tsung was shocked into silence.

The potion within the vial was a pure gold, flowing with the viscosity of molten metal. It thrummed with power. Shang Tsung looked at Mothra, disbelieving.

Mothra had a proud smile on her face. Smug.

Shang Tsung narrowed his eyes. "What does it do?"

Mothra's mouth fell open slightly, expression dumbfounded. A whistle of uncertainty.

Shang Tsung shook his head, an amused smile on his face. "Let us find out."

A song of excitement. Mothra was bouncing with energy as she ran up behind him, looking over his shoulder as he began to test this newest potion.


X


A man with golden hair wearing a suit of the purest white stood in an alley. Alone save for one other man at his side a man in dark priest's robes with a short-cut black mozetta over his shoulders. Paris, France, commonly considered by many to be a city of art and beauty was proving difficult. At the outset of his divine task, Remiel had requested the church scour their records and holdings to find any intelligence that could be used to accomplish his task. The query brought him to where Perfected States' prior wielder was last seen alive.

"This is it?"

The priest bowed his head. "Yes, my lord Remiel. There are few cameras in the area. The last recording of the devils showed them following Perfected State's wielder into this alley."

Remiel, Archangel of Hope and Divine Visions, raised his hand. Eyes closed, he saturated the alley with his power, attempting to pull forth a fleeting memory of what transpired here. His power found no purchase. He needed something more.

"Dulio,"

"Yes, my lord?"

"You met the man who held Perfected State, correct?"

"I did, my lord."

"Tell me about him." Remiel asked. Knowing more about an individual or their story sometimes helped him to see them.

"I did not know Alan well, my lord." Dulio began, looking towards the sky as he recalled the history of Alan Smith. "As you are aware, our records indicate he was born in the United States. He was in the military before Perfected State awakened. Following its awakening, he began to work as a freelance mercenary in the Supernatural. I met him when the church contracted him for assistance dealing with a hydra in Sweden. His assistance allowed us to focus on containing the beast while it focused on him alone. He was brash. Short-tempered. Arrogant. But I believe he had the potential to grow into a great warrior for humanity."

As Dulio's words washed over him, Remiel found the darkness behind his eyelids adopt a golden glow. He saw shapes before him. Two silhouettes made of corrupted shadow and malice stood across from Alan Smith. A single word reached Remiel's ears, spoken from Alan's lips.

"Medea?"

Despite his efforts, the Vision slipped away from him.

"That is enough, Dulio. Thank you." Remiel said, a frown on his face.

"Does something trouble you, my lord?"

"My Vision was fractured. I did not learn much. He was approached by two devils. That much is clear. I believe Balthazar Abaddon and Medea approached him together."

Dulio made a considering sound. "Do you think Medea was the one to free the Colchian Dragon?"

"I can not know for certain. The evidence would suggest such."

"Perhaps their shared history allowed her to free him? It is possible she can not free other similarly trapped creatures."

"That is a possibility we must consider, Dulio. However, I would be remiss if I did not see my task through. Balthazar Abaddon may very well have developed a method to free creatures through use of his bloodline trait. If that is the case, he must be eliminated to preserve mankind's future." The loss of Sacred Gears would be a devastating blow, but not so great as the calamity that would follow if many of the beasts contained to Sacred Gears turned their fury on Heaven and Humanity for their role in the creature's imprisonment. This future must be averted.

"As you say, my lord. I am at your service."

"Inform the clergy to remain on alert. If Balthazar Abaddon sets foot outside the Underworld, his movements are to be watched and recorded. The moment he breaches any existing treaties, send for me immediately."

"Of course, your eminence."

"Contact me if you have need of me. I will watch from on high."

The suit of purest white gave way to silver armor that gleamed like a star. Twelve feathered wings of opal light spread wide behind Remiel's back. Six golden halos blanketed the air in his radiance. In a flash of light, he was gone.


X


Things were progressing remarkably. Many attributed recent events to Zekram's scheming. It made sense. Zekram was never without active plots. His motives and machinations were often unknown until it was far too late to stop them. This most recent event was not his doing.

Sairaorg was now heir to the Vapula Pillar. Many thought this was Zekram's doing. Others thought that Zekram would feel slighted, that he would retaliate against the Vapulas. Zekram had not designed this. He had no intention to retaliate against the Vapulas.

He would allow others to think he'd had a hand in it. Their added fear would serve him. He would make trifling difficulties for the Vapulas in the near-future. Not anything substantial, but enough to quiet those among his supporters who desired recompense from the Vapulas for their history of being uncooperative and their most recent 'theft' of Sairaorg. Zekram would placate those voices, but he did not agree with them.

How could he? This was not a slight against him. It was a boon. Sirzechs Lucifer, First among the Satans. Magdaran Bael, set to inherit the Bael Pillar. Rias Gremory, set to inherit the Gremory Pillar. Now Sairaorg Vapula, set to inherit the Vapula pillar. All of them his grandchildren. A Satan and three Pillar Heads in waiting. Zekram's line was proving its prominence across the Underworld. He could not have been more proud.

Others expected him to scorn the Vapula Pillar. He would not. Blood ties were strong. In one-hundred years, Sairaorg's hurt will have faded. Zekram would approach then and mend bridges. For now, it was best to allow Sairaorg room to flourish on his own. He would keep tabs on the boy as he had been. If what he had seen thus far was any indication, he would have no reason to intervene.

No, his attention was better directed elsewhere.

If he wanted his descendants to inherit the Underworld as they should, he needed to secure the Underworld's future. Not only its future, but its dominance.

Zekram was no fool. He would not underestimate his enemies. Devilkind's enemies. Their foes were not fools. They had seen the same signs Zekram had. The scale was tipping in the Underworld's favor. One devil and the house he'd built around himself served to outweigh their opposition.

If Zekram were an Angel, of the Grigori, a Greek, an enemy, he would turn all of his schemes to eliminating Balthazar Abaddon. The boy was young, so young. Already, the Underworld shook with his steps. His peerage, his influence, his resources, his potential. The Underworld's enemies would not allow such a promising devil to rise. If Zekram wanted to ensure his descendants reached the heights of their potential, he would need to defend the young Abaddon Lord until he was strong enough to defend himself.Balthazar was already closely allied with Magdaran and Sairaorg. With some minor prodding, Zekram could likely ensure Rias became his ally as well, tying the Abaddon's success to the success of his descendants.

Who knows? Fifty years from now, one-hundred? Between the Evil Pieces, their monopoly on magical artifacts, their combat training through Rating Games… The Underworld may be in a strong enough position to eliminate the threats to its existence. To rise to the top as should have been the case millenia ago.

But that was the future. A future far away that may not come to pass. For now, Zekram needed to focus his efforts. If his estimation was correct, as it often was, the Greeks would be the first to make their move. They had never handled slights well. Heaven likely wanted Balthazar dead just as much if not more than Olympus, but the Greeks had always been far less patient.

Zekram set to work.


X


"Denied," Serafall declared, coldly glaring at the man who sat across from her at the table.

"You have no authority over this matter, Leviathan." He wore golden armor shining brilliance. His eyes glowed as if they were each an independent sun, scoring all in the man's sight like a tangible effect of his rage.

"You'll find that I do, Helios." Serafall countered. "The treaties we signed together are binding. You cannot take this course without incurring war with the Underworld. I know you are not in a position to withstand us."

Helios slammed his fist into the table, cracking the marble surface. "The runt enslaved my granddaughter. I will not stand by while she is shamed and desecrated at some bastard's whim."

A chuckle from the head of the table. "Noble of you. Or is it? I know how you Greeks like to have…connected families."

The pitiless orbs of the sun god snapped to glare at the speaker. "You dare insinuate that I would–"

"I dare nothing. I'm reminding you of your manners, boy. Next time you feel like throwing a tantrum, break your own table. Not your host's." The elderly man did not flinch under the Sun's rage. The raven sat atop his shoulder cawed, a piercing sound, warning of swift retribution.

Helios's hands curled into fists. "Leviathan, my granddaughter will be returned to us. The Abaddon will release her and that blasted chess piece will be removed from her. She will be whole."

"I already went through this song and dance with you when Runa left. If one of yours willingly joins us, then they aren't yours anymore. They're ours. I have spoken with Medea at length on multiple occasions. She has no desire to return to you. In fact, she is rather adamant about staying as far away from you as she possibly can. And since Medea is now one of ours…" The temperature in the chamber dropped several degrees. Icy mist flowed from Serafall's mouth as she spoke. "Attempt to harm her or her King and we will respond."

"Your petty contracts mean nothing to me. I signed no treaties. I agreed to no farce."

"I've already spoken with Athena." Serafall said, unflinching. "Your pantheon's position is that this is your quarrel. Not theirs. If you try anything, if you go over Athena's head and move against us directly, you will be dealt with. Without their support. Do you understand?"

Helios's eyes narrowed to two thin beams of cutting light. "This is not over, Leviathan." In a golden flash, he was gone.

Serafall waited several moments after he was gone before relaxing, allowing the room to warm once more. "I apologize for the display." she said, turning to her host.

The elderly, robed man waved away her apology. "Helios's fault. Not yours. He disrespected my hospitality. You honored it by telling him off."

"Thank you again for agreeing to host this meeting." Serafall bowed her head respectfully. She didn't want to speak to Helios in the Underworld for fear of him leaving some anchor he could use to return. Given how animated the Sun God was, calling in a third party was the correct decision.

"Thanks are unnecessary. My help wasn't free. I'm still expecting you to deliver on your end." The old man stood from his chair, leaning on a crooked wooden staff. His one eye watched her expectantly.

Serafall held up her hand. A spell circle flashed. She set a satchel down on the table. "Your payment. Plus a few samples of other products."

"There's new ones already? Busy bastard." the man said, opening the satchel and sifting through it.

"He is certainly the pride of our younger generation." Serafall agreed.

"Hm, come back some time soon. I'd like to set up a more permanent trade arrangement."

"What specifically would you be interested in?"

"The potions are good. Not what I'm after. We'll figure them out soon enough. We need raw materials and ingredients. Whatever source that brat has seems near-endless. I'm not stupid enough to not try to take advantage."

Serafall smiled knowingly. "I'm sure we can come to a mutually satisfactory arrangement. Unfortunately, I can't meet with you until next month at the earliest."

He waved her off. "It isn't urgent. I know the sunny prick is giving you trouble. Don't make me wait unnecessarily and we won't have an issue."

"I'll reach out to schedule a meeting the moment I'm free."

"Good. Safe travels, Leviathan."

"Thank you for agreeing to host this meeting and for your hospitality, Odin. Until we speak again."

A teleportation circle swept Serafall away.

She collapsed onto her bed in a heap, groaning in irritation. Spending two hours with an irate sun god screaming at you is not a productive or relaxing way to spend your afternoon. She didn't even accomplish her goal of getting him to back off. If anything, Helios seemed even more eager to start problems now then he had at the start.

"Serafall? Are you back?"

Serafall rolled onto her side to face the door. "I'm here. Is something wrong, Ingvild?"

"No. Well… Mami's… I think you should see her."

Serafall disappeared in a flash.

"Eep!"

"Sorry!" Serafall said, holding her hands up placatingly. A small blonde girl was hastily backing away. Dozens of magical circles surrounding a sea of floating rifles covered her retreat.

"Don't scare me like that!" Mami demanded, hand clutched to her chest. Her rifles slowly dissipated into the air.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you." Serafall said, slowly walking forward. Mami didn't resist as Serafall wrapped her arms around the smaller girl. "Everything okay? Ignvild said that I should come check on you."

Mami huffed. "I told her I was fine."

"She's worried about you. Friends worry."

Mami slowly wrapped her arms around Serafall. "Thanks for worrying." she said quietly.

"Always. Are you sure you're okay?"

"Yes. I… I still have nightmares, but I know they aren't real. I just… I want to do something." She looked up to meet Serafall's eyes. "You're busy all the time. You barely have a moment to rest. We never see you."

Serafall felt a twinge of guilt in her chest. "I'm sorry. I'll make more time."

Mami shook her head. "No. That's not what I mean. I… You saved me. I was… You saved me. You gave me a home. I have friends now. I just… I want to help. I want to help you."

"Mami, you know there's a lot I do that you can't help with."

Mami's face scrunched up in frustration. "Then let me do what I can. Ingvild too. We're both cooped up in here. Let us help."

Serafall pursed her lips. It was true that Mami and Ingvild didn't get out much. Serafall was trying to keep Ingvild's existence a secret to keep her safe. Mami too. The more people got to know her, the more they might notice things that didn't match up. They might ask questions that couldn't be answered. Serafall found herself relating to Balthazar more and more. It was no wonder he rarely left his lands. He didn't want anyone figuring out his secret and trying to use him or hurt his peerage.

The other Satans had reacted about as well as Serafall could expect. Falbium started preaching about the security of the Underworld. Ajuka wanted to know every possible detail about the transfer and had already written up dozens of theories for how Balthazar did it. He'd thought of everything from a mutated Clan Trait to some somehow slipping through folds in reality by bypassing the connecting space. Whatever that meant. Sirzechs, weirdly, was the only sane one. He'd just looked calculating.

Of course, that changed when she forbade any of them from approaching Balthazar without going through her first. There was a lot of yelling, but things eventually calmed down. Serafall pointed out that the only reason Balthazar trusted her enough to open up to her was because she'd been firmly in his corner from day one. Turning on him ran the very real risk that he'd get spooked and just run. There was a not insignificant chance that he would feel so threatened that he'd pack up everyone he cared about and fly off to some other world they couldn't access, losing access to his resources and power. The others grudgingly agreed to let her handle things.

Still, wanting to keep Mami safe didn't mean locking her up in this house all day was better for her. The girl had died in a very traumatic way. Sitting around with her thoughts wasn't good for her. Serafall couldn't take her on diplomatic missions, but there were other tasks she could do.

"How would you feel about being an assistant in my office? Work has been piling up. I could use an extra hand."

"I want to help too!"

Serafall grunted as a weight leapt into her from behind. Ingvild was clinging to her back, head poking over her shoulder.

Serafall laughed. "I'm sure I can find space for you too. What do you think? Sounds good?"

"Yes!" Mami and Ingvild cheered.

Serafall carried the two of them through a teleportation circle to her office, showing them around and introducing them to everyone. She hadn't seen either of them smile as much as they did when she was showing them how to fill out paperwork. Paperwork of all things! The mundane really is good for the soul every now and then it seems.

As Serafall watched her new assistants slowly acclimate to their jobs, her mind wandered.

She'd loved Magical Girls. She'd never really stopped to think about that when Balthazar offered to take her to a Magical Girl world. Even her own show had the same elements that made those stories compelling. The tragedy. The struggle. The ability to overcome. Maybe Mami's story was an outlier. But what if other worlds with actual magical girls followed the same trends?

She'd need to talk to Balthazar soon. She had a lot to cover with him. She needed to check in with Shang Tsung's progress in his potion development. Check in with the mining productivity. Medea's magical item production. Idyia's status as a new Underworld resident.

…And hopefully, he'd take her to another world. Somewhere she could save someone else like Mami, burdened with the weight of the world and inevitably folding under its immense pressure.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Potato Nose, Norego and 1,804 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jun 8, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 27
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jun 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,929
Irene felt out of place. It had been several days since she'd arrived here. Even so, things felt…off.

When was the last time she was able to enjoy life's simple pleasures? A good meal. The warmth of a fire. Naps. She hadn't been able to take a nap since her cursed magic had changed her.

All of this was returned to her as sudden as a tsunami. She half-expected it all to be a hallucination, a daydream she'd awake from and realize she was still a prisoner in her own flesh.

She hadn't woken. This was real. She was truly living within the confines of a devil's castle, a construction far more grand than the palace she once lived in. That realization preceded other thoughts. This was real. She was whole. She'd accomplished what she'd spent years attempting to bring to fruition. She was human again…or near enough to human that the difference was inconsequential.

Irene looked behind her, marvelling as wings manifested behind her at her will. Thin, flexible membrane strung between dark hardened spines. Demonic. Strong. Much better than those disgusting draconic wings she'd been trapped with for so long. Irene had assumed when she finally found a way to restore herself she would have to give up her ability to fly on her wings, the sole aspect she enjoyed about her curse. She needn't have worried.

She was a devil now. Human enough to live as she'd so desperately desired. Alien enough to enjoy a life humans could only dream of. Irene had one man to thank for her new lease on life. Her new lord, her King.

Her introduction to Balthazar Abaddon had been rushed. He'd seemed…impatient. In the days since her rebirth, Irene had come to know the young Lord Abaddon better. The haste she'd witnessed upon their meeting was clearly the result of a special circumstance. Balthazar was the exact opposite of her initial estimate. Cautious. Hesitant to act openly. Many of their conversations had involved him warning her of the various dangers of this new world she would call home.

And what a world it was. The technology the humans wielded as if it were as common as linen…it was marvelous. And disappointing. They had access to such grand tools, and they used them to do what? To complain at one-another. Irene was glad she was reborn as a devil in this world and not a human. At least the devils seemed to possess some drive to improve themselves and their home. Though some were less pleasant than others. Far less pleasant.

Once more, Irene thanked whatever entity guided her fate that Balthazar was the devil King to find her and make his offer. In her desperation, she would have agreed to become subservient to any devil King that made her the same offer. She had done little research on other Devil Kings. What little she had found was unpleasant. Had another King approached her, she might very well have spent the remainder of her days as little more than a trophy or toy. Her personal experience, conversations with her new peerage mates and independent research on the devil net – it was a struggle, but Irene forced herself to start learning how to use the internet as it was too great a tool to leave unutilized – Irene had determined that Balthazar was different. He was still a strong, capable combatant. Many still spoke in wonder of his Rating Game against his uncle. But he was also a good lord to serve. Not one of her peeragemates seemed even remotely dissatisfied with their situation.

Irene was the same. Nearly. There was one thing missing from her life now. Before, that absence had been a necessity lest it become a tragedy. Now… Now it was nothing but a longing ache. An ache that grew stronger with each passing day. She didn't want to put this off any longer.

Irene found Balthazar and Medea in the castle hall. They were furiously conversing. Irene knew this wasn't the best time. One of the Satans was coming soon. Lucifer, Satan of Domestic Affairs would arrive in a little over an hour. Coal left, not wanting to be present. Shang Tsung and Mothra were sequestered in their lab. Aqua had delved deep into the bowels of the castle to her personal haven. Matatabi, there were so many new names and faces Irene had to keep track of, had disappeared from the castle without warning. No one else seemed worried, so Irene hadn't brought it up.

This did not seem like the best time. Still. Irene could not let this wait a moment longer. The slowly widening hole in her chest wouldn't allow it. The ache was slowly spreading outward, devouring everything. She needed to fill the hole in her heart.

"My King?" Irene said hesitantly as she approached.

"I told you, you can just call me Balthazar, Irene." Balthazar Abaddon said, distractedly waving his hands. Wisps of magical energy wafted off of him, melding into the walls of the castle. Finally, he turned to face her. "Is there an issue? Can I help you with anything?"

"I…" Irene looked between Balthazar and Medea. Despite herself, Irene couldn't help but feel smaller than the witch. Irene was easily a head taller than the shorter woman, but Medea's presence demanded respect. It didn't help that Irene could feel Medea's power. A tangible tremor in the air, affecting everything around her.

Medea smiled. The oppressive weight lifted. She nodded encouragingly.

Irene swallowed nervously. She was still trying to figure out where she fit in this devil hierarchy. Balthazar was the King. He was their ruler and leader. Medea was his Queen. His second in command. That was simple to understand. But what was a Bishop? What was her role? Advisor? Soldier? Court Wizard? But wouldn't that also be Medea? It was confusing. Irene wasn't sure how she should address the peerage's Queen. What was too respectful? What was too little respect?

"Be at ease, Irene." Medea said patiently. "You don't need to stress yourself so much when just speaking to us."

Balthazar looked at Medea in confusion before turning back to her. "If I haven't made that clear, let me make it clear now. I like to keep things informal. Feel free to speak your mind whenever you want on whatever topic. I can't promise I'll always do as you suggest, but I will heed any advice you give and value your opinion. Don't be afraid of saying the wrong thing."

Irene took a breath. Medea's words and Balthazar's assurance had done well to help her relax. "I'm sorry. I know that Lucifer is arriving soon. I… I couldn't wait any longer."

Balthazar looked concerned. "What's wrong?"

"I…" Irene bowed. "Please, please take me home. I… I left something behind that I need to retrieve. My… My daughter is still there. She is alone. I need her with me. Before I left her because… It isn't important." Irene didn't need to explain why she left her daughter behind. Didn't need to share that she'd almost stolen her daughter's body, enchanting herself into her daughter.

Balthazar absorbed her words, thinking. "How old is your daughter?"

"She is not even a year old." It hadn't been a year since she abandoned the girl. Months only.

"We don't really have the facilities here to take care of a baby." Balthazar said consideringly. Irene felt desperation flare in her chest. Before she could beseech Balthazar, beg him to reconsider, he continued speaking. "I'll get in touch with Latia when we're back. She should be able to procure what we'll need."

"My mother and I will be able to help." Medea said. The witch was no longer smiling. Her expression was blank. Irene heard a barely present, buried pain in her words as she spoke. "Everything should be ready by tonight."

"When is Lucifer supposed to arrive?" Balthazar asked her.

"One hour." Medea said.

Balthazar pursed his lips. "Irene, do you know where your daughter is?"

"Yes!" she responded immediately, hope blooming in her breast. "I know where she is." It was possible the people she had left her with had moved her, but Irene would find her.

"Alright. Let's go now. We need to hurry." Balthazar held his hand out to her. "Picture the location in your mind and project it to me."

Irene took his hand, willing the image in her mind to enter his.

"Got it. Let's go."

A point of darkness opened to swallow them whole. Light returned. Irene stopped breathing.

This was it. The same white building. The same steps. This was where she'd left her daughter.

"Is this it?" Balthazar asked, shocking Irene.

"Yes. She is here." She walked up the steps and pushed the door open. A main hall filled with tables and benches. Children of many ages sat together spooning porridge from wooden bowls into their mouths.

In the corner a woman held a bundle of white cloth, lowering a bottle down towards it. Red hair. A smile powerful enough to freeze the world.

Irene didn't track the seconds that passed. She was standing in the doorway. Then she was in the corner with her smiling daughter in her arms, the other woman cast carelessly to the side.

"What! Who are you! You need to–"

"Apologies!" Balthazar said, stepping up behind Irene as she started walking away. Confused mumbles of the children eating their breakfast, Balthazar's placating words, all was lost to Irene as she left the building. She had eyes only for the small creature held in her arms.

It was her. It was her daughter. Irene would never forget that beautiful smile.

"We're so sorry to intrude. Here, a donation as recompense." Balthazar tossed a bag through the door as he followed Irene outside. It made a heavy clinking sound as it hit the floor. "Are you ready?" Balthazar asked her, semi-urgent. More adults were gathering, herding the children to rooms in the back. Some men were carrying weapons.

"We're ready." Irene said, voice soft, eyes still fixed on the face of her child.

Darkness took them. A moment later, they were standing in the castle they'd just left.

"Isn't she precious."

Irene finally looked up. Medea was standing across from her. At the witch's side stood her mother Idyia. She was supposed to be a goddess, right? Irene was still getting to know everyone. Idyia had not been to the castle much since Irene had arrived.

"May I see her?" Idyia continued, walking forward to peer at the bundle in Irene's arms.

Irene was hesitant. If she let her daughter leave her arms, would she lose her again?

Idyia smiled, warm and comforting. "That's totally fine. Come. I've had some of the golems begin making up a room. We'll see if it's to the young lady's liking." Idyia placed a hand at the small of Irene's back and gently guided her from the hall, looking over her shoulder and cooing at her daughter as they walked.

Irene's cheeks felt moist. She was happy.


X


Lucifer was late. He was supposed to arrive three minutes ago.

It was three minutes. It wasn't a very big deal all things considered. Were the circumstances different, I probably wouldn't have noticed. The only reason I was watching the clock so intently was because I'd wanted to make sure I'd arrived back in time with Irene.

I wasn't sure what she would do about Erza now that she had been reincarnated as a devil. I thought it was possible she'd still want to let the girl grow up on her own. That wasn't the case. If I'd known she'd ask me to help her get her daughter back, I'd have made more preparations.

Having an infant around the castle would be…interesting. I still wasn't really sure how I felt about it. I'd been trying to recruit people without attachments to avoid having to worry about bringing others along. It could be a good thing though. I was starting to solidify my position in the Underworld and the world beyond. Once I felt secure, I planned to slowly start building House Abaddon back up. That would require allowing others onto my lands to live here as vassals. Maybe bringing Erza here so she could be with her mother was the start of that process?

Wait, was her name actually Erza? Did the orphanage give her a name yet? Had Irene given her the name prior to leaving her behind? I really should have asked before Irene took her away. Overreliance on metaknowledge isn't a foolproof strategy. I'd be better about that from now on.

I looked at the clock on the wall. Lucifer was now four minutes late.

"I'd expect the master of hell to be more punctual." Medea said, standing at my side.

"He might have important master of Hell things to do." I countered.

"He does. Meeting with a Viscount of Hell is an important duty for the master of Hell."

I smirked. "You're not wrong."

I introduced myself to people as Viscount Abaddon, but it was still a little weird to think of myself like that. A year ago, I was still scared of shadows and unwilling to leave the safety of the old manor for extended periods of time. Now, I stood even with the lords of Hell itself. People feared my approach the way I once feared others. I'd come far in a short time. It hardly felt real at times.

"He hasn't sent any letters cancelling, has he?" I asked. I wouldn't be surprised if he had. My first impression of the man hadn't left me impressed with Sirzechs Lucifer. Serafall told me he'd asked to speak to him, so I went out of my way to talk to him only for him to reschedule the talk for later instead of saying what he wanted to say. I was trying to be understanding. I knew he probably wanted to talk to me about my mines or something else related to my ability to shift between worlds that was better said in privacy. It didn't make it any less of a hassle though.

"None." Medea answered. "The only mail we have received today were further offers to trade peerage members."

"Anything interesting?"

"Lord Gamigin offered a betrothal to his daughter in exchange for Shang Tsung."

I was taken aback. The Gamigin Pillar was pretty high up on the demonic totem pole. A betrothal offer was actually a rather substantial offer in Underworld terms. I still had absolutely no interest in accepting, but it beat the offers of coins or jewels I typically received. "I'm not familiar with the Gamigin family. Is the daughter the heir?"

"She is. Accomplished in the Rating Game Scene as well. Ranked thirty-second overall."

I whistled appreciatively. "That's higher than me."

"She is also over four-hundred years old."

"You know better than most that I'm not intimidated by experience."

"Did you just call me old?"

"I called you experienced. You're also very beautiful."

Medea smiled, amused. "The Gamigin girl is rather beautiful herself."

"Most devils are. Part of the whole, 'steeped in sin' thing we've got going."

"Firmly above average on the devil scale."

"High praise coming from a titaness of beauty."

"I'm not blind. I can admire a beautiful specimen. Even if their temperament leaves much to be desired."

"Is she a bitch?"

"I'd rather converse with a cobra."

"Good thing I won't have to spend eternity married to her then. I can't imagine a four-hundred year old Rating Game champion would be too pleased to be forced to marry someone of far lesser standing just so her father could get a Pawn."

"It is possible they discussed the arrangement and planned to have you killed shortly after you were married, entitling her to your holdings."

"Typical devil family then." I looked up at the clock. Six minutes late.

I sighed. "Okay let's…" I trailed off, feeling a ping through the wards.

A flash of fire heralded the arrival of the Lord of Hell. Gone was the bulky, magnificent robe he'd worn during the party. A red suit with a white shirt hugged his body. His hair was tied back in a ponytail. He looked far less imposing like this. Almost human.

"Lord Lucifer," I said, bowing my head respectfully. "Welcome to my home."

"Please, I already told you that isn't necessary. Thank you for hosting me, Balthazar." He looked at the woman at my side. "Medea, it is good to see you again. I've heard so much."

"It is a pleasure, Lucifer." Medea said with a shallow curtsy.

"Shall we?" I motioned towards the hall.

Medea and I lead Sirzechs through our home, pointing out furnishings and paintings and explaining their significance. He played the proper guest, listening raptly with an appreciative eye, asking pointed questions at times as proof he'd paid attention. Our brief tour concluded at a balcony overlooking the forest to the north. A pair of skeletons stood at the door. A table had already been set with a modest lunch – soup and bread rolled in garlic.

"You have an impressive home, Balthazar." Lucifer said politely as we sat down. "I'd be interested in returning at some point."

"I'm sure an occasion will arise at some point, something to let you put off work for the day." I said.

Medea walked up to the side of the table and bowed shallowly. She hadn't sat down. The table was only set for two. "It has been a pleasure speaking with you, Lucifer. I must take my leave now. I have projects to attend to."

"It was a pleasure to speak with you as well, Medea. I look forward to speaking again soon."

Medea walked back inside, closing the door behind her.

We'd planned for this when initially considering how to handle Lucifer's arrival. Neither of us knew how long this conversation was going to take, but we could guess at the contents. There was no reason for her to be here when we already knew what our answer would be. Her presence might actively detract from things if Lucifer perceived her to be speaking for me, thinking there was a way to convince me personally to reconsider. Besides, if I needed her, she would know. The walls of our home were decorated with gleaming jewels in a rainbow of colors. The jewels were Medea's eyes. She was watching us even as she returned to her lab.

"Serafall told me you had something you wished to discuss at the Vapula's party." I said leadingly as we both began to eat.

The corner of Sirzech's lip pulled up in a smile. "To business then? Yes, there were a few things I wanted to discuss with you. Thank you for hosting me here. It would have been difficult to speak of other worlds in such a public setting as the party."

Seems my guess at what he was after was spot on. Not that it was too hard to guess. "I can see how you'd be interested in what I can do. Serafall was speechless when I took her on our trip."

"She shared pieces of your conversation with the rest of us. 'Us' being the Satans. She said you understand how valuable you are, but I don't know if you realize exactly what your ability means."

"Do you want to know what the first thing I did after establishing my first mine was?"

Sirzechs looked perplexed at the seemingly random statement. I continued.

"Immediately after setting up our first mine, Medea and I found a different location in the same world and set up a small haven there. Wards, food, beds – everything we might need if we were suddenly forced to flee the Underworld. We've had a lot of time since then. Our network of magical labor constructs has expanded exponentially. Every world where we have permanent mines, farms or gardens for our ingredients has multiple fallback locations for us. If things here ever get to the point where I fear for the safety of my peerage, we will leave. We might wait a while for things to calm down then return. We might never return."

At first, the havens Medea and I made were little more than warded caves protected from the outside world. As our peerage expanded, they became more elaborate. Once she acquired Runa's Queen Piece, the quality of these fallback locations changed overnight. They still couldn't compare to our castle, but if we ever needed to flee, we would be living comfortably regardless of what world we fled to.

"This is my home." I said. "I've built a life here. I want to continue building here, but my first priority will always be the safety of my people. If that is threatened beyond my ability to combat, I will take them and leave. We can always start again somewhere else. I don't want to leave. But I will always put their safety above all."

Sirzechs's confusion was gone. Consideration in its place. "I see you do understand. I'm glad you're taking your safety seriously. I would be lying if I said I wasn't concerned about how easily you speak of leaving our world behind. Forgive me if this comes across as impersonal, it isn't my intention. Your ability, you are an irreplaceable asset. Your loss would be a devastating blow to the Underworld."

"I'm not going to be offended by you calling a spade a spade. I know what I can do is valuable. I know people will want to use it. I also know that sooner or later people will begin to suspect what I'm capable of. I'm making too many waves to stay hidden forever. I approached Serafall because I wanted to make it clear that I want to work with you."

"And we appreciate that, Balthazar. We will not betray your trust. I personally will do everything I can to make sure you never feel like running is your only option. You understand your value. That is clear now. But I see potential to do so much. We might finally be able to forge a lasting peace between the factions. If no one needs to worry about resources. If we can trade in good faith with each other. If we can finally unite… I will do everything I can to protect you, Balthazar."

"Thank you, Lucifer." I knew it wasn't wholly out of the goodness of his heart. He planned to use me just like I planned to use him for protection. I was fine with that so long as we were both upfront about it.

Sirzechs was an interesting man. He seemed to genuinely want to bring about this lasting peace he spoke of. His smile was disarming. His presence wasn't what one would expect from the Lord of Hell, but from a caring uncle who wanted what was best for you. Maybe that made him more in line with Lucifer than anything else? His ability to appear so trustworthy and open. This very meeting was an example. I'd been irritated at his tardiness prior to his arrival. After he arrived, my irritation just bled away. He was intimidating, but he was also enjoyable and pleasant to be around.

I wasn't a fool. Even if I didn't have the knowledge granted by my first life, I knew a man who earned the title Lucifer would have the capability and willingness to do terrible things to achieve his ends and defend his people. I knew what Sirzechs was capable of, but I think he truly wanted a better world than the one he was born into.

"Serafall told me to keep the official matters to a minimum." Sirzechs chuckled. "She is very adamant that she serves as your point of contact with the rest of us. She's very protective of you. Not just because of your power either. She has very few people she considers friends."

"Serafall has done a lot for me. Most of what I've done for her has been me trying to pay her back."

"She appreciates it more than you know. Keep being there for her, please. She deserves more people she can count on. The official duties, I leave to her. She can negotiate for minerals, fantastical plants and any other worldly wonders you seek to barter with us. I'm here for a more personal request."

Here it comes.

Sirzechs had an intense look in his eyes as he spoke. "Serafall told us how you and Medea work together to find new worlds. How you were able to locate interesting people in those worlds. I've met Mami. She is a strong young woman in more ways than one. Serafall is lucky to have her in her peerage. What would it take for you to locate potent individuals for another?"

"Nothing because it won't happen." I said.

Sirzechs seemed taken aback. "You sound sure of that. I assure you, I can compensate you very well for such a great service."

"Respectfully, I am certain of that. I already told you I owe Serafall a lot. I consider her my closest friend outside of my peerage. Even so, it took me a long time to trust her enough to open up about what I could do. She is my friend. I make special rules for my friends. I am not, and will not become, a multiversal peerage font."

"What of your own peerage?"

I really wanted to say that was a dumb question, but I refrained, electing to be more polite. "If I make special rules for my friends, I'm of course going to make special rules for myself. It might not seem fair, but it is my power and I will use it as I please. The fact that my peerage is mostly made up of people from other places is honestly one of the reasons I'm not willing to spread that gift around."

"May I ask why?"

"I have recruited one of the most impressive peerages in the Underworld in under a year. It takes many devils centuries to find enough people they deem sufficiently worthy of joining them. Sure, there are those who only recruit people to use as slaves or sex objects, but I wanted powerful allies I could rely on. It is hard to find a peerage full of people like that. With luck, I will have a full peerage before the end of the year. I'm not stupid enough to think that won't draw even more attention. People will wonder where all of my peerage members came from."

I sighed. "The more questions they ask, the more they'll realize that not all of those questions have answers. If everyone I know suddenly has a full peerage of equally potent people, they'll realize something is wrong. Someone will inevitably make the right guess and my life will instantly become far more complicated. I want time to prepare before the secret of what I can do gets out. Preferably, it would never get out, but I know there are too many powerful abilities in this world for that to be likely."

"I understand your position, Balthazar. I can guarantee my personal assistance in your protection and the protection of your peerage. Name your price and I will pay it. I have abundant resources at my disposal."

I smiled, holding my hand up. Holes appeared behind me spilling gold and jewels onto the floor at my back. Magical blades and vestments tumbled down the pile, clattering to the stone floor beneath us.

"I don't doubt that Lucifer's reach is vast, but it is not as vast as my own. I have more land than I know what to do with. My last peerage pieces are all mutation pieces save one. Serafall has already done everything she can to acquire a mutation Bishop and come up short. Mutation pieces and land were the only things I didn't have that couldn't be acquired from another world. I don't want for anything that could conceivably be traded to me in exchange for what I can give. Giving you peerage pieces from other worlds has the potential to put myself and my peerage at risk for little gain aside from your favor. I mean no disrespect, Lucifer, but your favor is not sufficient."

Sirzechs watched my display with a small frown on his face. He sighed. "I see you won't be swayed. I understand your perspective. Respect it even. You are looking after your own just as I intend to do. Perhaps you'd be able to help me in another way? Serafall is vocal about Medea's ability to locate Sacred Gears. I imagine you know where several interesting ones are. Could I trade for this knowledge?"

While he wasn't pressing me about this, he was still insistent. From everything that I could tell, canon DXD would have started in two or three years from now without my interference. It was unlikely much of anything would be the same after trading Issei to Serafall, but as far as the timetable was concerned, most of the characters involved should still be where I thought they were. If that was the case, then Rias should still have time before she had to marry or fight Riser. If I remembered everything right, she only got desperate after they randomly changed the timetable on her which happened after the series started. I'd assumed Sirzechs wanted someone for Rias. Maybe that was something I should clarify.

"Would this Sacred Gear user be given to your sister like Serafall gave Boosted Gear to Sona?" I asked.

Sirzechs became more guarded, frowning. "I would like for my sister to have capable servants. I came here to perhaps find someone of Mami's strength for her. If your Sacred Gear holder is someone sufficiently impressive, I might reincarnate them myself. I currently only have a single Pawn left to myself."

I sat back in my chair as I considered my options. If it was for Rias, Saji might work. Sona hadn't reincarnated anyone since she received Issei, completely altering the trajectory she would have been on otherwise. Saji didn't possess the same potential as Issei, but he would be more immediately useful, especially in a fight against Riser. Absorption Line could drain the Phenex regeneration, making him easier to deal with.

Then again, I really didn't care one way or the other what became of Rias and Riser's engagement. It wasn't my problem. Whether Rias married Riser or not, it wouldn't change my position in the Underworld. She was a character in a story I read once, not my friend. I had never even met her. I didn't owe her anything.

What did I want to get out of this meeting? I already had Serafall's backing. Having Sirzech's backing would be great, but it wasn't strictly necessary. That being said, it cost me nothing to throw him a Sacred Gear that I had no plans to do anything with myself. In fact, it might earn me another strong ally that could fight on my side if the world decided to suddenly turn against me.

"This might seem rude, but would you mind if I make a phone call? I want to ask Serafall something." I finally said.

Sirzechs seemed taken aback. He motioned for me to make my call.

I pulled out my phone and dialed Serafall's number.

"Hey, Balthazar!" She picked up the phone quickly.

"Do you have a second to talk?"

"I'm between meetings right now. So long as it's quick I can make some time. Is something wrong?"

"No. I'm eating lunch with Sirzechs right now." I put the phone on speaker.

"Hi, Sera." Sirzechs said.

There was a brief pause.

"Are you not playing nice, Sirzechs?" Serafall asked, voice low and threatening.

"I'm playing nice!" Sirzechs said quickly.

"He's been fine. Perfectly polite." I spoke up to defend him. "I just had something I wanted to run by you. Our conversation turned to me potentially revealing where Sacred Gears are so he or Rias could reincarnate them. No offense to Lucifer," I said, making brief eye contact with the man before turning back to the phone. "But I know you better and like you more. Would you feel slighted if I gave him the location of a powerful Sacred Gear I know about that he might be interested in reincarnating himself."

Sirzechs's gaze sharpened, but he did not speak.

Serafall made a considering sound over the phone. "You already helped me find Ingvild, so I won't really be insulted. But! For every one peerage member you give to Sirzechs, I get two magical girls! You're taking me to more worlds and we're rescuing more of them."

"I can't promise I'll have time to do that anytime soon." I said.

"Make time when you can. I'll be busy for a while too, so there's no rush. Sorry, but I gotta go. Play nice, Sirzechs!" She hung up.

I put my phone away. "I'm assuming Serafall told you Ingvild's story?"

Sirzechs nodded. "She is descended from the Leviathan and was born half-human."

"Yes, but that wasn't the part I was referring to. I meant her Sacred Gear. The old guy's system is all kinds of screwed up. Some Sacred Gears still haven't bound to a host while others have had over a hundred hosts."

"Another new Longinus then." Sirzechs said, suddenly deathly serious.

"Kind of. More of a mutated Sacred Gear that changed in a way that makes it a new Longinus. I haven't looked too closely into it. The holder seems like a decent guy. I'll leave whether or not to do anything with it up to you. I doubt a Pawn will be enough to reincarnate him, but you can figure out what you want to do with him on your own. I trust Lucifer's ability to make his own decisions." A Hole dropped a pen and paper on the table in front of me. I scribbled some information on the paper and slid it across the table.

Sirzechs picked it up, eyebrows furrowing as he read the note. "Unknown Dictator? I am not familiar with this Sacred Gear."

"Trust me. It's worth your time. If I didn't have better options at my disposal, I might have tried to recruit him myself."

"I will look into it. Thank you for giving me this. I sincerely appreciate it." Sirzechs stood, adjusting his suit. "Thank you for hosting me and entertaining my request. I am sorry to leave so abruptly, but I would like to begin investigating this immediately."

I stood and nodded politely. "I take no offense. The same letter that let you through the wards will allow you to leave. Until we meet again, Lucifer."

"Until then, Balthazar." In a flash of flame, the Lord of Hell vacated my lands.

I sighed, falling back into my chair and laying my head on the table. I wasn't the biggest fan of socializing. Sirzechs was nice enough. That didn't change the fact that a man capable of killing countries had just been eating soup in my house. It was more than a little stressful.

I moaned in approval as I felt hands gently laid on my shoulders. Skilled fingers meaded my tense muscles.

"That went very well, I think." Medea said from behind me.

"He didn't get pissed off and declare a blood feud against my entire bloodline, so that's a win." I agreed. "Do you think anything will come of giving him Unknown Dictator's location?"

"It is hard to say. Magnus Rose has prior obligations. I do not doubt Lucifer could sway the man, but I can not be sure of what will occur. Though a Pawn would be insufficient to make him a devil, and I doubt Rias Gremory will impress the man enough to allow her to reincarnate him."

"We might be surprised."

"We may."

My phone rang, interrupting the rather pleasant moment.

Scowling, I pulled my phone back out, expecting to see Serafall as the caller. I was surprised.

"Aqua?" I answered.

"Is Satan gone?" Aqua asked, sounding distracted.

"He just left."

"Okay, um… You might want to come to my TV room. That Roygun girl is talking about you."

I groaned. "I'll be down in a second." I hung up. "You heard that right?"

"I did." Medea confirmed. "Shall we see whether or not we need to deal with Roygun."

"Probably should." I stood up and opened a Hole. Medea and I emerged into one of the rooms in the first sublevel.

Pillows, blankets, video game controllers, remotes and books were strewn about the floor. Aqua was dressed in a white tank top and pajama pants with clouds on them. She hurriedly shoved a mound of stuffed animals off the couch in front of the TV to make more space for Medea and I. Bears, raccoons, dragons, unicorns – all manner of small cuddly creatures tumbled to the ground in an avalanche of fluff. In the corner, Aqua's top of the line computer hummed gently as the fans did their work. Each of the three monitors had a different desktop image. All three of them were pictures of Aqua with her friends. One of Medea, Coal and I sitting around the table eating breakfast with Aqua poking her head into the frame. One of Coal and Aqua flying through the air with Matatabi sitting in Aqua's lap while Regulus ran along beneath them. One of Aqua squished between Idyia and Medea, all smiling.

Like the rest of my peerage, Aqua had a card tied to my accounts, letting her buy pretty much whatever she wanted using my money. Most of my peerage didn't make much use of it. Coal took a substantial sum of gold coins to a cave far to the south and slept on them. Since then, he hadn't bought anything save for the occasional bag of jerky. Matatabi frequented several restaurants that made good fish. Shang Tsung bought ingredients. That was about it as far as spending went. Aqua's bill was equal to six times everyone else's monthly expenditure combined.

I didn't mind. It wasn't even a dent in my illogically vast finances and it made her content. She'd been trapped in a shadowy hellscape with nothing but her thoughts for decades. If a bunch of stuffed animals in fancy clothes made her happy, then I wasn't going to say anything about the half a grand she dropped at Build-A-Bear every month.

The couch sat facing a wall with a massive flatscreen TV. On screen, Roygun sat with her legs crossed in a small chair. A tightfitting gray dress sparkled in the light of the set as she easily answered questions. It looked like a devil talk show of some kind. The host, a black-haired woman in a dark skirtsuit, sat across from her. The crowd behind them would interject at points.

"Has she said anything negative about me?" I asked, sitting down on the section of the couch Aqua had cleared for me.

"Only just started talking about you." Aqua said quickly. She crossed her legs and sat on the floor in front of me, intently focused on the TV. "Someone took a picture of you two talking at Sairaorg's party and Kate put her on the spot."

I was assuming 'Kate' was the host on the screen speaking with Roygun.

Medea silently sat at my side, leaning against me as we settled in to watch.

"–eemed nice. We didn't speak for long, but I was impressed with my initial impression of him." Roygun said, an easy smile on her face as if she'd done a thousand of these interviews. As the second seat in the Rating Game scene and the Head of the Belphegor family, she probably had.

The host asked about the topic of our conversation at the party. Roygun was intentionally circumspect in her answers. The two went back and forth for some time with the host continuing to dig, trying to get something out of Roygun.

Aqua made a considering sound. "It doesn't look like she's trying to bad mouth you or anything. I don't think she even planned to be having this conversation right now."

"Just the host manufacturing drama, then?" I asked.

Aqua nodded, still focused on the TV. "Probably. Drama sells."

"Well, if Roygun isn't going to declare a blood feud, I think I'm okay to leave." I said, standing up. "Thanks for the warning, Aqua. Keep an eye on it and let me know if anything interesting happens please."

"I will."

I turned to leave when the host's next question attracted my attention back to the screen.

"With Bedeze Abaddon's defeat, many believe that Balthazar and his peerage could be your betters. They beat Bedeze and his battle-tested peerage with little issue. Are you concerned about your ranking now that there is a new player on the board?" The host looked very pleased with herself as she let the question hang in the air.

"Competition and rivalries are what make Rating Games so much fun. Why would I fear facing a strong opponent? If Balthazar defeats me, then I will regroup until I can fight him again and return the favor. Though I'm not sure he plans to continue participating in Rating Games. A friend tells me he will, but I can't know for sure." Roygun chuckled, turning to face the camera directly. "Though why don't we ask the devil himself? He does have a history of dramatically interrupting broadcasts. What do you say, Balthazar? If you're watching, why not give us your thoughts?" Our eyes met through the screen. I knew she was looking at a camera, that we were separated across the Underworld. It still felt like she was speaking directly to me.

When I looked away from the screen, I saw Medea and Aqua both watching me intently.

"What?" I asked.

"Are you going to talk to her?" Aqua asked, seeming excited.

"I don't really see what purpose that would serve. I'm not…" I trailed off.

Medea had taken my hand. She had an amused smile on her face. "It doesn't have to be so serious, Balthazar. If you don't want to, then don't. But it might be fun. And it will let you announce your intention to continue fighting in Rating Games once you have a full peerage. But do not feel any pressure to participate."

I pursed my lips, looking back at the screen. Roygun was still smiling expectantly. The host was whipping her head back and forth between the camera and Roygun. She was probably hurting her neck spasming like that.

The host cleared her throat. "It would seem that–" She choked, jolting in her seat as a dark void opened in the air between her and Roygun. Gasps rose up from the audience as the arrival of the void stole away their breath.

"You'll have to forgive me for not coming in person." I said, my voice speaking through the Hole on the TV. Aqua hastily muted the TV to cut off any echo. "I wasn't expecting an interview today so I didn't comb my hair."

Roygun's smile was glowing. She spared the Hole a brief glance before focusing back on the camera, addressing me directly. "You don't need to be here in person for me to enjoy your company, Balthazar. I trust you've been well since we last spoke?"

"I have. And you?"

"Splendid."

The host finally seemed to be breathing normally again. She straightened herself out and said, "Lord Abaddon, it is an honor to have you on our show."

"Pleasure to be here. Sorry for barging in uninvited."

"It is no issue at all, my lord. Since you are here, may I ask a few questions?"

"It seems only fair. I did arrive unannounced."

"Thank you, my lord. Lady Belphegor and I were just discussing your Rating Game with your uncle. It was very impressive, the greatest premier match the Underworld has ever seen, I daresay."

"Thank you for the kind words." I said with a smirk, enjoying watching the host fall back into her rhythm. She'd recovered well and now was pulling me into the conversation to boost her ratings. I respected the dedication to her job.

"It does leave me wondering about the future, my lord. Do you intend to continue participating in Rating Games in the future?"

"I do. I've already discussed this with Diehauser Belial. He played a large role in convincing me to continue competing, though I will be holding off on accepting any further matches until I have completed my peerage."

Roygun grinned in triumph. "Diehauser told me he spoke with you. He said you would continue to participate. I wasn't sure if that was just wishful thinking on his part or if you'd confirmed it. I suppose I know for sure now."

"That you do."

"If I may interject, my lord?" the host spoke up. "You stated that you will continue competing once you complete your peerage correct?"

"That's right."

"If I recall correctly you currently have five pieces not including yourself. May I ask how many pieces you still have to acquire? Most of us who follow Rating Games closely have been trying to determine how many Pawns Coal required to reincarnate."

"Coal took six of my Pawns. I am currently three pieces away from having a complete peerage."

The host frowned, mentally doing the math. "Then you have reincarnated others since your Rating Game?"

"That's right."

The host looked hungry, like she'd just uncovered buried treasure. "I'm sure you mean to keep their capabilities to yourself to secure an advantage in your next match, but could I ask for a sneak peak about them? Anything to hold us over until we see them in action?"

"I'm afraid not. You'll have to wait until our next match."

"And when will that be?" Roygun asked. "Do you have an estimate on when you will be ready?"

"I can't say for sure," I began. "My Queen and I are working on the problem. With luck, it won't be too long." I didn't want to say too much about how Medea and I were working the problem, but I doubted anyone would take my nonanswer as anything suspicious. They'd likely think I was just trying to keep who I was trying to recruit a secret so no one else reincarnated them first.

Roygun's smile turned conspiratorial. "In that case, it's been a while since my last Rating Game. How about you and I face each other once your peerage is complete. You beat the third ranked peerage in your first match. Would you like to try for the second?"

"Is that a challenge, Roygun?"

"It is now. I challenge you to a Rating Game to be conducted upon the completion of your peerage."

The audience had gone dead quiet in the studio. Everyone held their breath, waiting for my response. Everyone but the host. She looked like she was having the time of her life, like she could already feel all of the money she was making off of this broadcast raining down around her.

I looked away from the TV at my present peerage. Aqua was positively eating this up, looking between Roygun and I with open excitement. Medea had a predatory grin on her face. She gave me a near-imperceptible nod when I raised an eyebrow at her.

"I accept." I said. Cheers sounded as the audience went crazy at my words. The camera was jostled from offscreen, shaking the frame for a moment before it was brought back to bear. When the roar quieted slightly, I said, "I'll have to get back to you on the finer details surrounding the Rating Game itself." As the challenged party, I could set the type of game.

Roygun didn't seem bothered. "We can coordinate everything once it is closer to when we will actually fight. I'm looking forward to it, Balthazar."

"Until then, Roygun." I closed my Hole, cutting off the connection.

Aqua darted over to her computer the second the conversation was over. She opened seven different windows and feverishly smacked at her keyboard, typing up posts in three different forums while monitoring the reaction to my announcement on other sites. The rest of the world was lost to her.

I sighed deeply. "This feels rash. Why did I agree to that?"

Medea chuckled, wrapping her arms around me and gently patting my back. "Relax, honey. It'll be fun. Roygun is one of the better opponents our second match could be against. We have some time before we'll need to fight her. It might be better to start earlier than later though."

I nodded into her shoulder. "Yeah, I know."

I already had ideas for my Bishop and Pawn. The Knight, damn cursed piece, I was still working on. I had an idea, but it would probably cause problems for me, so I was leaning away from that particular choice while I hopefully thought of something better. The Pawn though, that would hopefully work out.

"Should I go now, then?" I asked.

"The sooner you go. The longer she will have to adjust."

"I just reincarnated Irene a few days ago. I don't want her to feel like I don't value her or don't want to give her time to adjust."

Medea fixed me with a flat look. "You just returned the woman's daughter to her. I doubt she will be upset. Go. I will take care of things here."

I nodded slowly. "Okay." I scooped Medea up into my arms, enjoying the cute shriek she let out. I stole a quick kiss then set her down, disappearing backwards into a Hole as she moved to retaliate.


X


There was a reason she wore the mask. A reason she was reminded of every time she took it off. One of the farm boys got lucky with a spear today. The gash in her shoulder had already healed. The pain was gone. The ache persisted. A reminder that she wasn't welcome anywhere.

She'd traveled leagues before encountering another village. No one would know her here. That was her thought, her foolish hope. They knew of her. They did not know everything.

Tales spread by word of mouth are always muddled. The plot changed. The characters were altered. The heroes became the villains. What could a monster be but the villain? This newest encounter at least had the advantage of being novel. She hadn't heard their take on those events so long past before.

Evidently, she'd killed all of her companions then destroyed an entire nation to salt their corpses. Why else would she be named as she was? Nevermind that some of her companions still lived. Nevermind that she'd held this name since long before meeting them. That didn't matter. All that mattered was the color of her eyes. The shape of her teeth. That was all that was required for the entire village to turn on her, to attempt to destroy her. All she'd wanted was a place to rest for the night. Now she'd spend another night sleeping in the dirt.

The small woman inhaled a deep breath of air, a useless exercise, before expelling it in a depressed sigh. She looked up at the sky. Stars twinkled amidst the black. Rays of moonlight pierced through the forest, underbrush glowed in the shine.

At least her view was nice. This ridge of rock was one of the better spots she'd found in the past months. She had a natural barrier to keep the wind at bay. The sandy dirt was comparatively soft. And she had a beautiful view. Still, she would have been more comfortable in a tavern. How long had it been since she'd rested properly in a real bed?

Years now. She'd been with her friends then. Before they'd split. Not because she'd murdered them all like the idiots in the village thought, but because time was an inescapable force. They'd gone their separate ways. The small woman had expected her path to be fulfilling, if not as great as when she travelled with her companions.

Naive. Who would accept a monster among them? Her very presence was a curse. She'd destroyed her home at the start of her journey so long ago. It was like everyone she met could feel that. Like they felt the scorned souls clinging to her body, haunting her every step like a cloak of despair.

The mask helped. The bright red cloak helped. The dark dress and chains helped. Her appearance was tailored to be offputting but acceptable. It had worked once. Not anymore.

She wasn't welcome anymore. She had nowhere to go. No one would travel with her. The years of isolation had turned her bitter. The light she'd once believed in while traveling with her companions had faded, snuffed out by the crushing weight of reality. It's hard to see the objective truth with the eyes of a hero. It is too easy to feel that harsh truth every day as a monster scorned by society.

"Beautiful night."

Blue energy snapped taut against her body. She leapt up off of the rock she'd been sitting on, flying into the air. She whirled around, arms up defensively. A man was sitting on a rock not four feet from where she'd been. He wore a dark suit with a red shirt. Golden hair tumbled untamed in the wind. He wasn't looking at her, staring past her at the stars painting the sky.

"Who are you!" she demanded. After her encounter with the villagers earlier today, she was not willing to take any chances. Had they sent an assassin after her? Was that why he'd been able to approach her without her noticing?

"My name is Balthazar. And you are?" He said it so easily, as if he wasn't addressing a walking apocalypse. The gentle smile on his face had to be a mask, not unlike the white porcelain that currently concealed her own face.

"Don't act like you don't know. You came here for me." she said.

"True, but not in the way you think. And it doesn't cost you anything to be polite."

She scoffed, irritated, but she decided to play along. "I am Landfall."


Spoiler: Landfall


"It's good to meet you, Landfall. Do you want to watch the stars with me? I have no intention of fighting you. If you really don't want to talk, then I'll just leave, but I'd appreciate it if you at least heard me out."

Landfall's mask was immutable. Beneath it, emotions warred across her face. Uncertainty, suspicion, fear, rage, loneliness. Slowly, Landfall descended back to the ground. The magical glow around her body faded. When the man didn't make any moves against her, she sat down on a rock a fair distance from him. She wouldn't let her guard down, but she wouldn't fight if she didn't have to. She already had to fight too much these days without looking for other battles.

"Thank you. This is already going better than the last time I talked to a vampire." Balthazar said.

Landfall tensed. He knew what she was. He knew, and he was still sitting right next to her, staring at the sky without a care in the world. "You've met a vampire before?"

"Real piece of work, that guy. He tried to eat me before I could even get a word in. Scratched me up pretty good too." He sighed, relaxed, at home. "Sorry, I had this whole speech planned and everything. I didn't expect… When I was a kid, I used to sneak outside at night when the house was asleep to stargaze. I haven't done that in years. I guess I just forgot how calming it was."

Landfall wasn't letting her guard down. A random man appears out of nowhere saying he's had other vampires try to kill him and starts talking about stargazing? No. He was definitely here hunting her.

"Can we just cut to the point?" Landfall said, readying herself for a fight. She really didn't want to have a philosophical conversation with this man if he was just planning on killing her anyway.

"If that's what you want, then sure." Balthazar turned away from the sky and looked at her. "My name is Balthazar Abaddon, Viscount of the House of Abaddon. I am a devil. I came here hoping to reincarnate you into my peerage."

Landfall was on her feet in a breath. Green and gold energy flashed across her body. Her eyes narrowed behind her mask. "What master do you serve, devil?" Was he here for revenge? Was he a servant of one of the demons Landfall had a hand in killing?

He chuckled, still seated, uncaring of the magic she was using to prepare herself for battle. "I serve myself. I have to pay lip service to some more powerful lords, but I am independent. I am a lord of Hell and thus am able to make my own decisions with near-impunity. I offer the same freedom to those in my peerage. Come when I need you and you can spend the rest of your time pursuing your own ends. I've built a nice family around myself. I'm very happy with it, proud of it. I'm offering to let you join it."

"The last demon I fought made sweet promises too. Everyone who believed them became its slave." Maggot-infested corpses and terror-struck faces were at the forefront of Landfall's mind, memories of a past enemy and its victims. She wouldn't fall for this creature's lies.

"I won't lie to you. I'm a rarity among devils. Most of my kind treat their peerages like trash. Many are little better than slaves. Those who share my level of influence or supersede it are also able to act as they will. Many indulge too deep into the sins we devils are known for. I've never seen the point. I have everything I need and didn't need to be a prick to attain it."

He shook his head. "I'm not trying to enslave you, Landfall. I'm giving you a choice. If you accept my offer, I will reincarnate you into a devil. You will become like me and be bound to my service, but that binding will be very loose because I don't want it to be tight. I want willing servants and allies to fight at my side, not people who fight for me against their will. That's how you get people stabbing you in the back."

"Let me guess," Landfall said dryly, "If I accept I'll have riches beyond imagining and power I could never dream of?" She'd heard it all before.

"Well, yes. I am so rich that you need a different term to truly encapsulate just how much money I have. The artifact I plan to use to reincarnate you is special even among those used by my kind. It will greatly increase your power. That's not even mentioning the magical geniuses in my peerage who can teach you to hone your craft to heights you actually haven't dreamed of. That's the boring stuff though. You want money? Here."

A leather pouch fell to the ground at her feet, clinking on impact, sinking into the dirt. It was heavy. A glint of metal poked out from the pouch. Gold.

Landfall was taken aback. As the devil spoke of his wealth and power, she'd planned to strike when he got around to the 'join me' bit of his monologue to catch him off guard. His announcement about it being boring caught her off guard. Then he'd tossed a pouch full of coins to her feet like it was worthless. She could buy half the village she'd just left with this much coin. Maybe even the entire damn place.

The devil, oblivious to her internal strife, continued. "Power, wealth? That's the boring stuff. I'm sure you could find your own path to that if given enough time. No, I'm offering something else, something better. I told you, I'm unique among my kind. Where they would treat their peerage as tools, servants or slaves, my peerage is my family. We… Every single one of us has been through something grueling. We're healing together, improving together, living together. We're not just trying to get through the day or find a place to sleep that isn't infested with bugs. Things are good. They won't always be. I'm not naive enough to think that. We have enemies. We'll likely make more. But we'll face them and overcome them together. My peerage has my back, and I have theirs. That is what we have that you don't. That's what I offer. A family."

Landfall was silent, her rage at him dangling this illusion in front of her at war with the hope she was trying so hard to quell.

"I don't need an answer now." The devil said. He rose from his rock. Landfall tensed, ready for him to strike. No attack came.

The devil held out his hand. A dark Hole dropped a piece of paper into his hand filled with glowing writing in a language she didn't recognize. "Take this. You can use it to contact me. If you decide you want to take me up on my offer or learn more, channel some mana into it. If you decide you're better off on your own, just get rid of it. I won't force this on you. It would defeat the purpose of what I'm trying to build."

Landfall was hesitant, her mind a storm of indecision. Slowly, she walked forward. She watched the devil close, prepared for a trap. There was none. Snatching the paper from his hand, she leapt back, levitating into the air before descending a safe distance from him.

The devil smiled, amused by the display. "It was a pleasure to meet you, Landfall. Thank you for looking at the stars with me. Whether you choose to use that or not, I wish you the best. Farewell."

A dark void opened around the devil, swallowing him.

Landfall reached out with her magic, feeling for any concealed presence. She found nothing. Slowly, over the course of several minutes, Landfall allowed herself to relax again. She sat back down on the rock she'd been sitting on before. This time, her eyes were not directed towards the sky. Her head was hung low, her gaze locked on the magical paper in her hands.

It had to be a trick. It had to be a lie. Demons lied. Demons destroyed. It was in their nature. Except… Landfall had known a demon who'd strode against the mold. The same demon who'd parted ways with her so long ago when the rest of their companions left.

Landfall's hands balled into fists crumpling the edges of the paper.

It was a trick. Stop thinking about it. Stop it!

How long had it been? How long had it been since the people she'd thought were her friends had abandoned her? Had their journeys together met nothing? Was she just a tool they tossed aside when they were done with her? Did any of them even remember her name? Not the cursed title others had given her, but the name her mother had called her? She'd told them her name once. None of them ever called her anything but Landfall.

Landfall was alone. So alone. She'd been without company for years now. Every time she showed her face, she was met with fire and steel. Was it truly so bad that she wanted to belong somewhere? Was she really a monster for just wanting to feel safe and loved?

Landfall tucked her knees up to her chest, rocking back and forth. She sat like that for a long time, bathed in the light of the moon, shrouded in indecision. Her warring thoughts kept her from a peaceful rest.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,732 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jun 15, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 28
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jun 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,088
"Balthazar!" Magdaran said, standing up from behind his desk as I entered his office. "It's good to see you."

"It's been a while. How have you been?" I asked, allowing him to lead me to a chair.

"I've been good. I've been helping Sairaorg settle into his new position. There's a lot of politics we've been trying to smooth over. Sorry I haven't been to the office much recently."

"Don't apologize. I haven't been here that much either."

With Magdaran and Kuisha occupied helping Sairaorg, and myself occupied with all of the craziness that has been happening in my lands in recent weeks, the only one who has been able to regularly show up to work is Latia. She'd been doing most of the heavy lifting as far as the clerical side of our business was concerned. Medea's skeletons were still producing items, but Latia had been managing the sales. I'd looked over the ledgers when I came in this morning. She was doing a good job. I didn't notice anything unaccounted for and all of the prices she'd set seemed fair enough.

"Is Sairaorg adjusting well?" I asked.

Magdaran nodded. "I think the shock has finally faded. He has mixed feelings about it, but I think he's coming around to seeing it as a good thing."

"Mixed feelings?"

"He liked having no responsibilities. Now that he's an heir again, he has less freedom."

"Makes sense. He didn't seem too against the idea when I met him. Though he did express his dissatisfaction with having to play nice with so many nobles."

Magdaran chuckled. "He's never done the best in official settings. He much prefers getting into physical fights as opposed to verbal ones."

"I can relate to that. Conversations with important people tire me out more than fighting in a Rating Game did."

"Speaking of Rating Games," Magdaran had a mischievous look in his eye. "I saw Roygun's interview. Trying to work your way through the top three, are you?"

"Diehauser and I met a little while ago. He made some good arguments for continuing to participate in Rating Games. The higher my ranking is, the more control I'll have over when I fight. When I met Roygun at Sairaorg's party she seemed decent. I think she just wants the chance to have a good fight. I'd rather have a more relaxed fight for my next appearance than the headache that Bedeze caused. She seemed like a good opponent for that purpose."

I didn't know a lot about Roygun from my first life. I knew she had a King Piece like Bedeze. From what I remembered, she and Bedeze responded very differently when the secret came out. Knowing my interactions with Bedeze, he probably tried to take over the Underworld, throwing a hissy fit about how it was his right to receive the power of the King piece. I was ninety percent sure that Roygun was the exact opposite, going so far as to join the main cast. That might have just been Issei's stupid protagonist powers activating to attract anyone with a nice pair of boobs, but I couldn't be sure. I didn't remember the exact details.

In this life, Roygun had approached me with civility. She seemed like she just enjoyed fighting and wanted to see if I could pose a challenge where Bedeze failed. Until I saw any evidence that she was actually trying to undermine me in some way, that was how I intended to approach our Rating Game. I wouldn't give the Bedeze treatment to someone who just wanted a good natured spar.

"You didn't hear this from me," Magdaran said, a conspiratorial smile on his face. "But Sairaorg was planning on challenging you to a Rating Game soon."

"Really?" I said, mildly surprised. I knew Sairaorg liked to fight. We'd sparred before. I would have assumed that any future bouts between us would be similar to our first, unofficial and very relaxed.

"He's been wanting to make his debut for a while now." Magdaran explained. "After watching you destroy Bedeze, the Underworld respects your strength. He wanted to hopefully use that to his advantage. Show he was equal to or stronger than you while showing the two of you were on good terms. It was supposed to be his big debut to the public. Then he was made Sairaorg Vapula and his debut happened earlier than he planned."

"Has he finished his peerage?"

"Not yet. He didn't know you'd reincarnated so many more pieces. None of us did. How did you manage that, by the way?"

"I'm afraid it's a bit of a trade secret."

"Even from your partner?" Magdaran said in a teasing tone.

"Even from my partner."

He shrugged, unoffended. "How you do it isn't as important as the fact that it's done. After seeing what your other pieces were capable of in the fight with Bedeze, I'm really looking forward to seeing what the new additions can do against Roygun. That fight will be far more complicated than your match with Bedeze."

"I know. Medea and I have been watching some of Roygun's past Rating Games. There's a reason she regularly beat Bedeze."

Bedeze was no slouch in combat. His greatest weakness was his overreliance on Hole. Without it, he was massively weakened. Roygun's Clan Trait, Crack, allowed her to effectively counter Bedeze in every one of their fights. Crack creates a fissure in whatever Roygun places it on that expands until it ruptures, rending the target apart. She can use it to intercept magic. Against Bedeze, she would use her Clan Trait to suppress Bedeze's Hole, eliminating the majority of the threat he posed.

Likewise, Roygun's peerage was fundamentally different from Bedeze's and better for it. Bedeze built his peerage to be successful in his next peerage game. Any time one of his pieces disappointed him he would trade them away for someone stronger or for an individual that would be helpful against a specific opponent. Bedeze's peerage went through dozens of different iterations with the main focus being the individual ability of his pieces on their own.

Roygun's was different. It took her far longer to gather her peerage around her than it took Bedeze. Once she'd found her peerage, she quickly rose through the ranks. Unlike Bedeze, Roygun had never traded a single peerage piece. Her peerage today was the same as it was when she completed it over a century ago. Her pieces all synergized extremely well together, focusing on working together in addition to their individual strength. They weren't the thrown together mess that was Bedeze's peerage, allowing them to beat Bedeze's peerage through four separate iterations.

It was impressive for a devil peerage. A pureblood Pillar devil with a strong clan trait. A number of impressive supernatural creatures. Three Sacred Gears. A dedicated healer. Impressive synergies between her pieces. She had a strong peerage.

I was still confident my peerage could beat her.

"Regardless," I said, pulling myself out of my thoughts and back to our conversation. "Our Rating Game won't happen for a while yet. I still need to recruit a Knight, Bishop and Pawn."

"So you found a second Rook?" Magdaran was on the edge of his seat.

I chuckled. "Yes. I'm sure you'll meet her at some point. But enough about me. How's your peerage coming along?"

"It's still just me. I haven't been in a big rush to recruit anyone. Between my botanical pursuits and work, I haven't had a lot of time."

I pursed my lips. He didn't seem bothered that he didn't have any peerage pieces yet. Still, I hadn't thanked him for offering to help me before the Rating Game, had I?

"Maybe I could help with that."

Magdaran perked up, intrigued. "Using your 'trade secret' I'd guess?"

"Something like that."

"Well I'd appreciate it, but don't stress about it. I'm not in any big rush to find my peerage. I have plenty to occupy my time as it is."

A knock at the door stalled our conversation.

"Come in." Magdaran said.

The door swung inward, admitting a flash of blonde hair.

"Magdaran, I was hoping… Oh, hello, Balthazar." Latia said.

I gave a little wave. "Hey, Latia."

"How can we help you?" Magdaran asked.

Latia entered the room, a stack of papers in her hand. "I was hoping to discuss these contracts with you if you have time. If you approve, they will need your signature before we can move forward."

"What kind of contracts?" Magdaran asked, taking a handful of papers from her and looking them over.

"Nothing substantial yet." Latia said. "This will hopefully set the groundwork for more permanent trade arrangements with the Norse pantheon. They have expressed interest in raw ores. Satan Leviathan sent along permits and a rough outline of what we would be permitted to trade."

"Serafall sent these?" I asked, intrigued. I stood up and walked around Magdaran to read over his shoulder.

"Some of them." Latia answered. "I contacted her office when I received the initial request for opening negotiations from Asgard. She cleared us to move things forward so long as she stays involved with the proceedings."

Serafall hadn't mentioned this to me. She probably just forgot. She was a very busy woman. I did not envy the amount of work she had to do every day.

"Did you look them over already?" Magdaran asked.

"Of course. I would not have brought them to you if I didn't think they were fair. As I said, this is just the preliminary stage to handle permits."

Magdaran nodded, satisfied. "If you looked them over already then there shouldn't be an issue. I trust you."

"I still need your signature." Latia said.

Magdaran looked confused. "Why can't you sign them? You've been handling other contracts."

"They need a signature from one of the partners controlling Bael and Abaddon Trading Co."

"Are you not a partner?" Magdaran asked, confused.

Latia fixed him with a flat look. "No. You and Balthazar are the partners. I am still on probation."

I froze, looking between Latia and Magdaran in confusion. "She's still on probation? How is she still on probation?" She'd been practically running things in my absence.

"She isn't!" Magdaran said defensively before turning back to Latia. "You're not on probation anymore. What makes you think you are?"

Latia looked between us, silent. She set the stack of papers in her hands down on Magdaran's desk then left the room. Magdaran and I stewed in confused silence for just under a minute when Latia returned. She had a glowing document in her hand – her contract.

She held the paper out for us to read.

Magdaran and I leaned forward, quickly scanning the document.

"Huh, she's still on probation." Magdaran said dumbly.

Per the contract in her hands, we were supposed to reconvene a month after hiring her to go over the details of her employment to review her performance and potentially sign her on permanently. The month deadline had passed a while ago and I was too distracted to realize.

"Why didn't you promote her?" I asked.

Magdaran rounded on me. "Me? Why didn't you?"

"My estranged uncle randomly showed up at my house and tried to kill me, setting off a chain of events that ended with us fighting for the lordship of our house. What's your excuse?"

"…I was working on projects in the greenhouses you gave me." he said weakly.

"Judging by your shock and conversation, am I to assume I am being hired full-time?" Latia asked, sounding exasperated.

"I honestly thought you already had been." Magdaran said sheepishly.

"I did too." I said. "Sorry. We should have cleared this up sooner. We'll make it up to you."

"You said a partner's signature is needed for all of this, right?" Magdaran asked, looking at the stacks of papers. "Do you want to be a partner?"

Latia froze, mouth half open, whatever words she'd been about to say lost to her.

I pursed my lips, turning to Magdaran. "You want to make her a partner?"

"She's doing most of the actual business work. I spend most of my time researching and you rarely even show up in the office. Medea's stuff just gets shipped in through Holes and the skeletons on site sort through it. The company wouldn't be running without her."

He wasn't wrong. If Latia wanted to screw us over, she had ample opportunity to do it before now. If we were interpreting her contract literally, she wasn't technically employed with us right now since we hadn't convened at the end of her first month for her review. She could have up and left, taking whatever she wanted with her without much recourse.

"What percentage were you thinking?" I asked Magdaran. Right now, our company was split up 60/40, sixty to me because Medea's items were the bulk of our supply and forty to Magdaran.

"Twenty? Ten from me and Ten from you?" He shot out a number.

I pursed my lips. "She's proven she's a vital asset, but she also didn't supply any overhead and isn't making products like you and I are. Wouldn't ten be better?"

"True, but you and I are obviously not the ones actually running this if we didn't even realize she wasn't fully hired. Fifteen?"

I couldn't really fault that logic. Besides, I was already beyond rich. Losing out on 7.5 percent of revenue when I already had more money than many actual gods wouldn't hurt. I nodded in agreement. "Fifteen."

Magdaran clapped his hands dramatically and an orange glowing paper appeared in a flash of fire. He pulled out a pen and signed it before passing it to me.

I looked it over, adjusting my collar and rubbing my thumb over the sword-shaped pin as I did. I felt an outside yet familiar influence borrow my sight as I read the document. I wasn't the best with contracts, so I was borrowing my Queen's help through the link enchanted into my pin. My pin let out a pulse of warmth sent by Medea, assuaging any concerns I might have had. I signed the paper then passed it over to Latia.

Latia moved mechanically, like she was forcing her joints to creak into motion. She took the paper and read it was a dead look on her face.

"I… Just like that?" she said, dumbfounded.

"You've been doing a lot and we appreciate it." Magdaran said, a big smile on his face. "This is our thank you…and our apology for not actually hiring you in a respectable timeframe."

Latia stared blankly at the paper. A warm smile slowly pulled at her lips. She carefully signed the paper and set it down. There was a confident, content air about her now. "Thank you. Truly."

"You're welcome." Magdaran said, wearing a matching smile. "Thanks for everything you've done for us."

I shook my head, amused and disappointed with myself all at once. "I'm really going to need to work on my management skills."

"Just let Latia handle it." Magdaran said, patting me on the back. "She's been doing a fine enough job."

"Not what I meant. I've been toying with the idea of opening a settlement or two on my lands. I'm not going to last long as a liege lord if I can't even keep track of basic paperwork."

Magdaran seemed intrigued. "You're going to open a city?"

I chuckled. "That seems a bit ambitious to start with. I'll probably start with a town and see how that goes. If there aren't any major problems, I might expand. It's a long term project."

"I can ask around to see if I can get you some advice. I probably know some people who could help you attract people to live there too, but we can do that later. We should celebrate our new partner!"

Magdaran and Latia started walking towards the door. I moved to join them when I felt a ping from one of many magical wards.

I froze midstep. My breath caught.

Medea had set up more wards than I could count. She'd protected our lands and all of our property. Tied into each of her wards was a warning system that would alert the both of us if any of those wards was ever breached or prodded. With Aqua's help, she was able to set those alarms to reach us even if we were in another world.

Someone had just breached the outer protections on one of my mines. They weren't inside, but they'd somehow managed to bypass the bounded field that should have made them lose interest in the area surrounding the mine. It was set up to make them suddenly think they had something better to do or that the area was uninteresting and they should leave. In order to resist it they would need access to strong mental protections.

"Balthazar?" Magdaran was looking at me, concerned.

"I'm sorry. Someone just found one of my mines. I need to go. Congratulations, Latia." I said quickly. Before either of them could respond, a Hole swallowed me.

"You felt it too, right?" I asked, the moment I reappeared on the uppermost floor of Medea's tower. This was where she did most of her experiments. Tall vials sitting on shelves. Pointed crystals strewn about the countertop. Bubbling cauldrons. Arcane texts. Runic circles carved into the floor. The place practically screamed witch's laboratory.

"I did." Medea said. She threw a red powder into one of the cauldrons then turned to face me. There was a violet glow in her eyes. She was seeing through a familiar or a protection she'd set. "There is a group of seven individuals approaching one of our adamantium mines in Faerun. A wizard is leading them. He is blocking the effects of my bounded field from turning them away."

"Any flags or emblems? Do they belong to a greater group?" I didn't want anyone finding my mines. One group I could manage. If these people were a scouting party for some other organization, things would be far more complicated.

"No. The wizard and his apprentice are in charge. The others appear to be either servants or mercenaries. How do you want to handle this?"

I took a breath as I considered the question.

None of our mines were close to being exhausted yet. I could just use Hole to move all of our assets out of this mine and rely on our others. That would let me stay an unknown entity in Faerun and greater Toril. With that said, I didn't want to have to abandon my mines whenever I encountered a problem. I wasn't going to remain unknown forever. It might be better to try to deal with this directly. In the worst case scenario, I could find locations to mine in other worlds.

Two Holes opened in front of me.

"Shang Tsung, Aqua, I need you. Meet me in the main hall." I closed the Holes after receiving rushed affirmations.

"You've decided what you want to do then?" Medea asked.

"We'll try diplomacy. If that doesn't work, we'll improvise."

I opened a Hole. The two of us walked through to the main hall. We were the last to arrive.

"What's wrong, Balthazar?" Aqua asked. She was wearing her armor; her sword was sheathed at her side.

"Someone found one of our mines. We need to stop them from getting inside."

"How should we handle them, my lord?" Shang Tsung asked.

As he spoke, I noticed a small moth sitting on his head, watching me closely.

"We'll talk first. If that doesn't work we'll adapt. Would you like to accompany us, Mothra?"

A song of affirmation.

"Alright," I said. "We need to let the others know what's going on, then–"

"I've already informed Coal and Irene through my familiars." Medea said.

I nodded. "Thank you. If everyone's ready we'll go."

I opened a Hole. We all walked through.


X


Vellia was starting to think this job wasn't worth the pay.

Her first impression of her current boss hadn't been great. He took one look at her scarlet skin, curled horns and forked tail and immediately referred to her as 'hellspawn', refusing to accept her correction and call her by her name. Racism against tieflings wasn't anything she hadn't encountered before. She could put up with it if it meant a good paycheck. What she wasn't used to was being at the beck and call of an insane wizard who saw everyone who wasn't himself as a lesser existence persisting only to enjoy the privilege of serving him.

Vellia had met her share of wizards, though none as powerful as Ulin Qaelinor. Most of the spell slingers Vellia had met struggled to light a fire without tinder. Vellia had witnessed Ulin blast a group of goblins apart with a ball of flame. That wasn't even mentioning that teleportation spell he used to bring them to the foot of the mountain. Her stomach was still rolling over on itself from the horrid twisting feeling.

Ulin was powerful and he had deep pockets. The pay was the only thing keeping her from leaving. The wizard offered triple what she typically earned in a month for two weeks of work. Vellia thought her luck was turning around. She thought following a senile old human around the woods would be well worth putting up with the man's abrasive personality. She got along well enough with the other mercenaries Ulin had hired for this job, but she'd had just about enough of her contractor and his apprentice.

"Amari!" Ulin yelled, casting impatient glances around the group. "The map, girl! Quickly now!"

"Yes, master!" Amari called back, flustered. The wizard's apprentice was dishelved, frantically sifting through satchels overflowing with scrolls to find the page her master asked for.

"Orc!" Amari yelled, turning her frustrated gaze on the armored figure at Vellia's side. "Bring my luggage!"

Buugral, the 'orc' in question, grudgingly marched forward, unslinging a large leather bag from his shoulder and dropping it at the girl's feet. Vellia wasn't the only one on the receiving end of Ulin and his apprentice's unsavory personalities. Buugral and Kendel, a wood elf, also earned the monikers 'orc' and 'elf' respectively. Shane and Elise, the two human mercenaries, were actually called by their names. The wizards still expected them to grovel at their feet, but they were treated slightly better. They were also the only two who knew each other prior to this job. Everyone else, Vellia included, had seen the job posting and come for the pay.

"I've got it, master!" Amari called proudly. She held a rolled up paper above her head, triumphant as she ran towards the elder wizard.

Ulin snatched the paper from the girl's hands, unrolling it and squinting his eyes at it. "We're close. Elf! Scout ahead! Look for any sign of magical protection."

Kendel didn't respond. She unslung her bow and walked to the head of the group, her steps silent in the dirt. She took off at a run and was soon lost to Vellia's eyes, the dark leather armor she wore blending with the forest.

"Orc!" Ulin continued snapping orders. "Walk at the head. Shane and Elise watch the back. Hellspawn, retrieve Amari's luggage. Quickly now!"

Vellia bit back a retort. She hadn't been paid in full yet and didn't want to give the wizard any reason to short her. It was a close thing though.

'Quickly now! Quickly now!'. She was beginning to loathe that phrase.

Vellia scooped up Amari's bag where Buugral had dropped it and slung it over her shoulder, awkwardly settling the strap around her so it didn't rest over her backpack.

At the front of the group, Buugral's eyes carefully scanned the trees around them for any sign of trouble. Shane and Elise were similarly on guard at the back of the group. They were experienced, they'd spent time this far into the woods. They knew that things could go wrong at any moment. The wizards didn't seem to appreciate that fact.

"Are you sure we're near, master?" Amari asked the older, robed man as they walked through the woods, making more noise than a wailing babe as she stomped through the underbrush.

"My familiars were always turned away from the peak of this mountain. We only need to climb a little higher."

"What do you expect to find?"

"Something important enough to lay protections on, you foolish girl. Cease with your pointless questions!"

Vellia smirked, amused by the pouty expression on the young girl's face, but she didn't comment. It wouldn't be very smart to get herself fired when they were so close to whatever their objective was. They'd been wandering around for close to a week since the wizard teleported them here. Vellia was half expecting that Ulin had gone senile and was chasing echoes. So long as he paid what he promised, she didn't care.

"Aaa!" Amari shrieked, unprompted.

Vellia instantly focused. Her hand closed around the hilt of her longsword. The blade was half-way out of its sheathe before she saw what had startled the young wizard. She had to bite back a laugh as she resheathed her blade.

Kendal was back. She'd stepped out from behind a tree right next to the wizards. Vellia hoped the elf did it on purpose just to mess with her.

"There's nothing ahead." Kendal said in her soft voice, like she was afraid of disturbing the air with her words.

"Impossible!" Ulin yelled. "All of my scryings fail at this location. All of my familiars are turned back from this location. It is here!"

"I looked. There is nothing interesting here." Kendal said quietly.

Ulin's eyes narrowed. He stomped towards her, hands grasping towards her head.

Kendal knocked his hands away, stepping back. Her grip tightened on her bow.

"Stand still, foolish elf!" the wizard demanded, a trace of power in words.

Kendal went stiff. She was tense before, now she was immobile. Her eyes were wide and frantic.

Vellia's hand still gripped the hilt of her longsword. She looked out of the corner of her eye. Buugral met her gaze for an instant before looking back at the wizard. His grip was tight around his axe.

Ulin placed his hands on either side of Kendal's head, whispering arcane words. He leapt back, a triumphant gleam in his eyes.

"I knew it! I was right!"

"Master?" Amari asked.

"It is here, Amari. There is magic preventing weak minds from approaching. All of you follow close behind me. I will shield your feeble thoughts. Quickly now!" The wizard and his apprentice scurried off into the trees.

Kendal gasped, staggering backwards as whatever power held her trapped released her.

"Are you okay?" Vellia asked, slowly approaching the elf.

Kendal wouldn't look at her. Her gaze followed the wizard's back, off in the direction she'd just returned from. "We shouldn't be here." The elf finally met her eyes. Vellia saw fear there. The elf had been stalwart the entire time she'd known her. Her frantic, panicked eyes were out of place.

"If you are wise, you will leave those two to suffer the consequences of their folly alone." Without another word, Kendal turned and dashed off into the woods, vanishing amongst the leaves.

Vellia felt her gut twisting uncertainly. The other mercenaries all looked between one-another.

Buugral grunted, then turned to follow the wizards. The humans followed him. Vellia followed them.

As they walked, Vellia felt something – a presence? An urging? – brush against her mind. An urge to depart. A wrongness. Like she was intruding. The sense faded as she kept walking, growing closer to the pair of wizards.

Ulin and Amari had stopped. The trees ended, leading to a clearing before a flat face of grey rock. Ulin ran his hands up and down the flat surface, his eyes squeezed shut.

"Yes, yes! It is here! I can sense it!" Ulin declared. "Amari! You have been practicing moving earth and rock as I instructed, yes?"

"Of course, master!" the girl said proudly.

"Good. Make a path. Carve a tunnel in this rock angled down. Quickly now! We are close."

Amari walked up to the rock. She took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. Placing her hands on the rock, her face contorted in exertion.

Vellia watched in amazement as the sturdy stone parted at the small girl's will. Rock sloughed away, folding into itself to form a circular tunnel. Amari walked forward, lengthening the tunnel as she went. Ulin was close on her heels, an excited energy about him that hadn't been present in the entire time Vellia had known the insufferable man.

Amari's arms shook. Sweat dripped from her forehead. The tunnel stretched down. Down. Down. Finally, the rock gave way to a cavity in the mountain.

Amari gasped, staggering as she stepped into the cave. She walked to the nearby wall and leaned against it, panting heavily.

"Well done, girl." Ulin said distractedly, shuffling forward. He waved his arms. Globes of glowing light appeared in the wake of his hands, drifting into the air to illuminate the cavern.

It was a small space. They were surrounded on all sides by rough stone. A puddle formed in the corner beneath a dripping crack in the rock. There was only one other opening in the cave. Against the far wall a square cutout with wooden supports. Man-made.

"Orc! Inspect that opening. Quickly now!" Ulin said, an excited grin on his face, stretching his wrinkles in a disturbing way.

Buugral walked forward, grip tight on his axe. He crossed the halfway point of the cavern. All of Vellia's instincts screamed at her to dodge.

Vellia dove to the side just as the dark space was swallowed by a haunting violet glow. A scream of pain. The metallic clank of armor clattering against itself. Buugrul groaned as he slowly picked himself up. He'd been blasted back by some form of magical attack.

A faint shimmer in the air of the cave. Vellia saw translucent tentacles of energy seep back into the ground.

Her sword was out of its sheath, held in both her hands as she backed towards the tunnel. The elf was right. This wasn't worth the pay.

Ulin was cackling, laughing like a mad man. "Marvelous! I knew there was something of import here! No one else saw the patterns. No one else could have determined the meaning. I alone will harness the secrets of this place!"

"I would appreciate it if you turned back."

Vellia flinched. She fell into a defensive stance, whirling around to level her blade towards the tunnel. There was someone new there.

He looked human. He was wearing strange clothes, a black coat of some kind with a red shirt beneath. Golden hair fell untamed from his head. Blue eyes watched them carefully. He carried no weapons. He looked so small that Buugrul could probably snap him in half. Vellia had never been more scared in her life.

When you sold your sword for a living, you had your fair share of close calls. It was the nature of the job. Vellia had a collection of scars from all manner of things. Blades. Arrows. Claws. Teeth. She'd even had her arm smashed by a warhammer once. That one hurt. Despite all of her close calls, she'd never felt such soul-deep terror before.

Something deep within her was telling her to run. Some muted aspect of her heritage was telling her that what stood before her was no human. This thing was many times her better. She was nothing before him. She was facing death itself. This creature before her was something she could not hope to match. She had to get away.

She couldn't. The only route out was blocked by the thing standing in front of her. The path behind her led somewhere, but the last time any of them tried to traverse it Buugrul was launched into the cavern wall. The smoke was still drifting off of the orc's singed flesh. Fleeing that way would be no better than charging the man blocking the tunnel.

None of the others seemed to feel what she felt. Shane and Elize looked amused as they drew their swords slowly. The wizards looked annoyed. Buugrul looked angry, willing to fight anything to vent his frustration. While Vellia took shaky, measured steps away from the man, they all stalked closer.

"And who are you, boy?" Ulin demanded, eyes narrowing.

"My name is Balthazar." the thing said. "This cave and its contents are mine. You are trespassing. I would like for you to leave."

"What do you want us to do, boss?" Shane asked, resting his blade over his shoulder.

Ulin no longer looked irritated. No, now he was intrigued. "This is your domicile? How interesting. You are far too young to have made this impressive place yourself. You must have inherited it. Who was your master?"

"I will not entertain your questions. You are trespassing. I want to know how you found this place. Once you tell me, I will erase your memories and send you away. You will not be harmed. Please cooperate. Tell me how you found this place."

"The wizard–"

"Silence. Be still, you stupid hellspawn." Ulin hissed as Vellia tried to comply with the thing's demands, to save her own life. The moment the word left the wizard's mouth, Vellia couldn't speak. Her mouth snapped shut. She could not force it open no matter what she tried. She could not even move. Her limbs would not respond to her commands.

"We will tell you nothing, boy." Ulin sneered, stalking forwards. "This place now belongs to me. You may recognize me as your new master or resist and force me to sift through your memories to determine how this place came to be. It makes no difference to me what you choose. Only that you choose quickly."

Balthazar looked past the wizard at the others. "Does he speak for all of you?"

Vellia tried to speak, tried to move. She couldn't. Whatever spell Ulin had used on her kept her still as a statue.

"Not for me." Buugrul said, his voice a low growl. "I just want to leave."

"You've forfeited your pay, orc." Ulin said offhand, like it was inconsequential. "Does anyone else wish to divest themselves of their compensation?"

Neither Shane nor Elise spoke.

"Good." Ulin said with a satisfied nod. "Now boy, show me where–"

"Spare the orc and the tiefling. Do with the others what you will." An orb of pure nothing swallowed Balthazar. In the blink of an eye, he was gone.

Shane and Elise shifted, protecting each other's backs as they looked around.

One by one, the glowing orbs Ulin sent into the air were snuffed out, casting the cavern in darkness once more.

While it wasn't perfect, Vellia's demonic heritage gave her the ability to see in low-light. She couldn't make out colors. But she could see. Ulin's magic still held her prisoner despite how she fought against it. She couldn't close her eyes, forcing her to watch as nightmares moved.

Shane and Elise fell first. A dark shape rose out of the shadow between them. There was a silver flash. Shane collapsed, clutching at his throat. Elise turned, hearing the commotion. A second flash. Elise tipped to the side, collapsing into an unmoving heap, a hole in her chest where her heart was.

"Amari! Create a shield!" Ulin ordered, waving his arms. A thunderous boom shook the cavern as a bolt of lightning streaked towards the shadow that killed Shane and Elise. The shadow bled back into the floor, falling beneath the lightning and disappearing from Vellia's sight.

Amari hissed in exertion. Green energy gathered around her. A wall of verdant power appeared in front of her, splitting the cavern in half.

"Good, now–" Ulin vanished in a puff of smoke as the shadow returned. Silver flashed through the space he'd left. The shadowy blob fell back into the floor, avoiding another lightning bolt.

Ulin clicked his tongue in frustration. Red energy appeared around him, condensing down into several spectral arrows. He thrust his hand forward. The arrows streaked after the shadow zipping across the floor.

With a flash of orange fire, a figure appeared in the arrow's path. Black hair. Silver armor. A wicked smile. A shield of violent energy sprung forth from his hands, absorbing the magical arrows and scattering them into nothing.

"This one is strong. He is mine." The figure said. He lifted his foot and stomped down. A volcanic fissure erupted from his foot, snaking across the cavern towards Ulin. Vents of magma erupted from the ground around the elderly wizard showering him in molten rock.

The magma flowed down around Ulin harmlessly, sloughing off a translucent blue shield of energy. Ulin lifted his hand. Noxious green gas hissed forth from his palm, quickly spreading to fill the cavern.

Amari yelped, scurrying away from the gas in a panic. She didn't see a misshapen dark mass rise out of her shadow. She gasped as a blade stabbed her from behind. Grasping ineffectually down at the sharpened metal sticking out of her stomach in shock. The blade was ripped free. Amari fell to the ground.

Vellia tried to move as the gas approached her. If Amari had been so scared of it to leave the protection of her shield it couldn't be good news. Unfortunately, the spell still held her ensnared. She couldn't move.

Buugral had clearly realized the same thing she had. He ran the moment Amari started fleeing. When he saw Vellia still frozen, sword up in her guard. He stopped. He turned around and ran to her, looping his arm under her leg and hefting her up. He carried her easily, like a young girl with a basket of flowers. He ran with her in his arms to the corner of the cave. The gas was still spreading. It would reach them.

A small moth landed on Buugal's shoulder. Its wings were beautiful, hypnotizing like an enchanting eye. The moth flapped its wings. A gust of wind far too great to have logically come from the moth blasted the gas back. The moth kept flapping its wings, keeping the gas from reaching them. As the moth flapped its wings, blue flakes fell from its wings onto Buugral's shoulder. The visible skin where he'd been burned by the magical protections of this place slowly healed. A flake landed on Vellia's arm. Instantly, the spell Ulin trapped her with gave way, freeing her to move once more.

Vellia scrambled to her feet. Pressing her back against the wall of the cave. She shot Buugral a look of thanks before returning her attention to the fight before her. She wasn't sure if she was seeing things correctly.

The man from before was gone. In his place, an insect-like woman strode through the gas with no issue. Maybe it wasn't toxic afterall?

Ulin was shocked, wide-eyed as he slowly backed away. He hurled an acidic arrow towards the insect woman.

A shield of energy blocked the arrow. Vellia felt her breath catch as the insect woman's form changed. In a flash of green, the insect woman stole the appearance of the man who'd come here first. The one who blocked the tunnel. Only it couldn't be him. Vellia didn't feel the soul-deep terror in her gut as she beheld this one.

The same dark energy swallowed the copy. A similar hole appeared behind Ulin.

Ulin snarled as a hand closed down on his throat from behind. Red bolts of energy were effortlessly flicked away as the man holding him changed form again. It was again the black-haired man in silver armor.

"I didn't expect that I would be able to have such an enticing snack so soon. Thank you for growing so powerful during your life. I will make good use of your strength. Your soul is mine!" the man snarled.

Ulin screamed, a terror-filled wail, a plea for whatever unholy hell he was experiencing to end. Green energy flowed from Ulin's body into the body of the black-haired man. Ulin beat against the arm holding him in place ineffectually, his struggles growing weaker. His already wiry body somehow grew even more wan. His wrinkled skin condensed down like a dried grape. His robes flapped around him as if they were four sizes too large and fitted over a stick.

Ulin's scream tampered off with one last breathless gasp. The stream of green energy halted. Ulin's body was dropped to the ground. Vellia heard snaps and pops as his bones and joints ruptured.

A heavy sigh made her blood go cold. The thing was back.


X


I sighed as I stepped out of my Hole behind Shang Tsung. "Shang Tsung, you know I got in a lot of trouble the last time you did the whole soul theft thing. By all means, empower yourself, but you don't need to announce it every time, right?"

"On the contrary my lord, many denizens of the Underworld have taken to calling me the Soul Thief. I believe it would be more suspicious if I suddenly were to stop." Shang Tsung said proudly, a brilliant smile on his face.

"You want to keep doing it because people gave you a name that encompasses exactly what you do, which is something everyone in every faction agrees is something we shouldn't do?"

"Everyone believes I am playing it up for the audience, not that I am actually stealing souls. I believe if I lean into their assumption and play the role they have set, they will continue to only say the title jokingly."

I stared at his innocent, proud smile. I couldn't even think of a retort to that.

"If it helps, he isn't wrong." Aqua said, stepping out of the shadow of the wall, a sheepish smile visible on her face as the shadows bled off of her. "Everyone talking about him has mainly been making memes about the whole thing. I think if he leans into the name it'll help protect him. People like it when the Rating Game competitors embrace the names they gave them."

"They give out names often?" I asked, intrigued. I didn't really follow this side of Rating Games.

"Whenever someone does something interesting. They gave most of us names after we beat Bedeze. They're calling you the Usurper."

I raised an eyebrow. "Usurper?"

"You know, because you beat Bedeze and stole his lordship?"

"I understand why they gave it to me. I just would have wanted something more impressive."

Aqua scowled at me. "Usurper is a great name. It's better than Shadow Princess."

I raised an eyebrow. "Shadow Princess?"

"Yes. It really is that bad. I hate it."

I shook my head, sighing. "We'll see if we can find a way to change it. Shang Tsung…just keep doing what you're doing, I guess."

"Thank you, my lord." Shang Tsung said, smile still in place as he bowed to me.

A fluttering of irritation.

I turned to the corner of the cave. A small moth sat atop a wary orc's shoulder, staring at me disapprovingly.

"Sorry, Mothra. You're right. We can table this discussion until everything else is handled." I opened a Hole in front of me. "Medea? Are there any others?"

"No. The elf was the only other person in the vicinity."

The tiefling sucked in a desperate breath, flinching as I looked towards her.

"Your friend is fine." I assured her. "I only did what I said I would. We erased her memory and sent her away. We can't let anyone know about this place. Speaking of, is there somewhere you would like to be transported to?"

The orc considered me for a moment before he spoke. "Neverwinter."

"I can't put you in the city, but I can drop you within sight of it."

He nodded. He walked forward. Mothra flew off his shoulder as he approached me, crossing the cave to land on Shang Tsung's head.

"My memory," the orc said. "How much will I lose?"

"Only what is related to this place." I said, already raising my hand. The orc flinched, but was unable to stop me as I gently brushed against his mind, erasing his recent memories until he would remember nothing about the mine or anyone wanting to locate it. Once I was done, I opened a Hole around him, dropping him a short distance away from Neverwinter.

That was almost everything taken care of. Now I just needed to deal with the tiefling and we could leave.

A shadow fell down from the ceiling, forming into a raven that landed on my shoulder. "Please wait a moment, master." Medea's voice spoke through the raven's beak. "I believe we should ascertain how they came to know of this place and whether more will come before we send the girl away."

Crap. I'd meant to do that before sending the orc away. Well, at least we still had one.

I walked towards the tiefling. She flinched as I approached, her grip tightening on the hilt of the longsword she held at her side.

"What's your name?" I asked.

It took a moment before she answered.

"Vellia." she said quickly.

"Does anyone else know about this place, Vellia?"

She swallowed, eyes flicking between the members of my peerage, nervous. "I… I don't know. But I don't think so. Ulin… The wizard talked a lot about being the only one who was able to figure out this was here."

Vellia flinched backwards, bringing her sword up partway as Medea shimmered into being beside me.

"The elf is dealt with then?" I asked.

"Memories erased and sent away." Medea confirmed.

"She was just a mercenary." I said to Medea, indicating the tiefling woman. "It's possible she wasn't told everything. This place might still be compromised."

"What would you suggest if it is?" Medea asked.

"That depends really. If we're trying to stay hidden we need to pull all of our assets out of here now and try to make it seem like we were never here."

"'If' we are trying to remain hidden?" Medea said leadingly.

"We can't stay hidden here forever, Medea." I said. "Someone else will find this place or they'll find one of the other ones. We could always move to another place, but it might be better in the long term if we start actively claiming places."

"Claiming places by the local laws, you mean?" Medea said, looking thoughtful.

"It would help us prevent something like this from happening again. If there's too much risk involved, we can always just pack up and go somewhere else. It isn't like we're hurting for options."

Medea turned away, looking at the tiefling with a calculating eye. "While I believe it would be better to keep the majority of our holdings secret, I believe having some that are transparent could serve us as well."

"We can try it out. If it doesn't work, we'll move somewhere else and try other methods to stop something like this from happening again."

"As far as testing this method, I believe I have a suggestion, master." Medea said, still watching the tiefling woman.

"I'm listening."

"We will need an intermediary. Someone to investigate and negotiate on our behalf before we involve ourselves personally."

I followed her gaze to the tiefling. The woman looked terrified, eyes snapping between Medea and I desperately.

"I'm not sure that's the best option." I said, reading into where Medea was going with this. The tiefling did not seem very open to the idea of becoming an intermediary.

"Perhaps not, but it is worth considering." Medea countered.

After considering it for a moment, I approached the tiefling. I lost nothing if she wanted nothing to do with this. I'd just wipe her memories and send her off like the orc.

"Vellia?" I said, stopping a short distance from her.

"Yes?" she said hesitantly.

"I'm assuming you were a mercenary working in that wizard, you said his name was Ulin, right?"

She nodded minutely.

"A mercenary working in Ulin's employ. What would you say to a new contract?"

"You want me to be your intermediary?" she said, sounding far more calm than her outward appearance would suggest.

"So long as you work in good faith and don't try to screw me over. You'll get to keep all of your memories. I'll also pay far more than what Ulin was paying you. The downside is that you'll have to sign a bunch of magically binding contracts. I'm not willing to let you go out into the world with knowledge of myself and my operations without assurances."

She swallowed nervously. "You're a devil, aren't you?"

I raised an eyebrow, surprised at her guess. "What makes you say that?"

"I can… I can feel it. Will I sign my soul away if I sign your contract? Will you take mine like he took Ulin's?"

That's right, she was listening to every word Shang Tsung and I had said. I was expecting to wipe her memory and make it a non-issue.

"I have no interest in souls." I said. "My servant takes them because they can make him stronger. No offense is intended here, but you're not strong enough for him to bother taking yours. Any contracts would just bind you to silence about my business without my permission to tell others and prevent you from acting against me. You're still more than welcome to refuse. I'll just wipe your memories and send you on your way."

She looked conflicted. "My grandmother made a deal with a devil. She told me a deal is what you make of it. It made her strong. Will you make me strong if I help you?"

Was she asking about a warlock contract? I…wasn't sure if I could make one of those. Devils in DXD contracted with humans all the time, but it wasn't the same.

"I can certainly supply you with interesting items and pay you a substantial sum for your services. What you make of that is up to you."

She was silent for a long time. Finally, she said, "Okay."

I wasn't expecting her to accept, but it saved me from having to track down someone else to try this little experiment with. And if she failed, I could just abandon this mine as I originally intended.

With Medea's help, I outlined a contract. Vellia would not speak of me, my peerage or my holdings without my permission. She would return to where she received the job and investigate whether or not anyone else knew about my mine here. At the same time, she would start inquiring on my behalf how to buy territory in Faerun and, if I decided to move forward with this plan, purchase land for me. In exchange, the contract stated I would pay her in a mixture of gold and magical items. Her sign on bonus was an unbreakable sword that could light on fire.

Vellia looked at the paper in her hands. She'd been staring for over a minute now. I'd already signed at the bottom. All that was left was for her to put her signature next to mine. I didn't really blame her for reading over a contract with a devil twelve times, but the seventeenth and eighteenth were a little excessive even by my standards.

Finally, Vellia picked up the quill and slowly signed her name.

A Hole opened in front of me, dropping a longsword enchanted by Medea into my hand. The blade was black with purple and blue runes running up its fuller. Devils really liked the aesthetic, so it sold better when the sword looked cool.

I took the sword by the blade and held the hilt out to Vellia. "It's a pleasure doing business with you. I hope this works out well for both of us."

Vellia was breathing deeply. She reached out to take the sword, hesitating only a moment before her hand closed around the hilt.

The blade lit on fire instantly. I quickly let go and back away lest I be burned.

Vellia hissed in pain and let out a short yell.

I watched, slack-jawed as the runes on the blade flashed, visible beneath the fire. Magical ink bled down the blade onto Vellia's hand scoring dark arcane lines down her hand, wrist and forearm. A circle of runes appeared on the back of her hand surrounding a dark sword with a ruby pommel; the symbol Medea and I had selected to represent us so long ago.

The lines on Vellia's skin flashed, burning bright orange for a moment. She screamed. The contract in her hand lit on fire. When the glow faded, the marks were still present on Vellia's skin, tattooed to her flesh. She was panting, looking down at herself in awe. Her eyes were glowing orange.

The contract was still on fire, floating through the air towards me to hover in front of my face.

"Huh." I said, head tilted to the side.

I certainly hadn't expected that.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,800 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jun 22, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 29
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jun 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,438
I typically try to think things through. I don't like being surprised. Most actions I've taken I've planned extensively and hesitated almost to the point of inaction. Medea is good for me in that regard. She helps me know when it's time to actually act. I would still probably be stewing over whether or not to approach half of my peerage without her gentle encouragement.

Still, there is a reason I take my time with things. I don't like being surprised by things I can avoid. I've avoided going to some very lucrative worlds specifically because I couldn't predict whether or not I would be safe in them. I thought I was safe from such surprises in Faerun.

I was wrong.

The moment our contract was formed, Vellia's aura exploded, absolutely coated in demonic power. The magical mark snaking down her right arm persisted, physical proof of the contract we'd forged, unintentionally or not.

I knew Faerun well enough to know what had happened. I'd somehow forged a warlock contract with her, granting great power in exchange for the conditions set in the contract. I didn't know how it worked or whose attention I had just attracted with the action. Did the fact that we were in Faerun when the contract was formed trigger it? Was it something to do with her tiefling blood? Did I somehow trigger the contract without meaning to?

Naturally, I did the first thing that came to mind when threatened with the possibility of the divine entities present in DND settings suddenly focusing on me; I disappeared. Holes appeared to swallow my peerage and whisk us back to the security of my castle. I took an additional passenger with us.

That brings us to the present. All of the mystically potent members of my peerage had gathered in Medea's lab on the uppermost floor of her tower. Shang Tsung, Irene, Aqua and Medea herself all excitedly buzzed around the area, exchanging theories and conducting simple experiments. Our other guest looked like she was currently suffering from whiplash.

Vellia, my new warlock – and isn't that thought strange – sat in the center of the room on a plush chair. Her mouth was slightly agape, looking with wonder-filled eyes at her surroundings. The black sword I'd given her to forge our pact was resting atop her legs. She idly ran her fingers over the flat of the blade as she looked around.

"There is no magic present in the contract itself that could feasibly be responsible for this outcome." Irene said, carefully looking over the flaming piece of paper she held in her hand. The paper we'd signed was still on fire but had yet to burn even slightly. Devil magic was contradictory at times.

"I don't think it was the contract." Aqua said, lips pursed as she looked between Vellia and I. "It's faint, but there's something linking them together. I can feel it."

"Is it harmful?" Shang Tsung asked, staring suspiciously at Vellia.

"Not from what I can tell." Aqua denied.

"I sense it as well." Medea said. "I believe it is benign."

"So the connection is the cause?" Irene said.

"No, I do not think so." Medea denied. "I felt a strong magical reaction to the contract being signed in the air around us. I believe it may be a result of the world itself."

"Is it safe for my lord to return if the world itself acted against him?" Shang Tsung asked.

"We've spent a lot of time there." Aqua said. "Balthazar and I more than the rest of you, but we've all been there a lot. This is the first time we've had any issues like this."

"So perhaps the contract was the catalyst?" Irene hypothesized. "It is possible the world reacted to the contract even if the contract itself is not to blame."

"Why… Why are you all surprised?" Vellia asked, the first she'd spoken. "Did you not intend for this to happen?"

I was silent for a moment, closing my eyes and focusing. There. I felt it, the link Aqua spoke of. A miniscule tether not unlike the connections created by my Holes. A near-imperceptible drain on my demonic power. There was a bridge connecting me to Vellia. Intentionally or not, I'd opened up a path to let her siphon away a fraction of my strength.

It was a minute drain. I hadn't noticed it before because I was connected to the eclipsing sun of power that was Bedeze's King Piece. Even now, it wasn't substantial enough to notice without focusing. Merely by existing, devils radiated a trace amount of demonic power. Vellia wasn't even taking enough to account for the amount I gave off into the air around me.

I also felt something else. Another bridge. Currently dormant. The drain on my demonic power worked one way. She was giving nothing back. This bridge felt similar in that I couldn't send anything through it, only Vellia could send through it, though it was currently locked shut. What was the purpose of this other connection?

"Aqua, please examine the connections. Learn what you can about them." I said, walking up to Vellia.

The tiefling fidgeted nervously as I approached. Her hand closed around the hilt of her sword before relaxing. She looked up at me, uncertain. "Is there something I can do for you, my lord?"

"I have just given you new abilities. I would like to see what you can do with them." I said. "Shang Tsung, Irene, please keep examining the contract. See if you can figure out what caused this to happen. Medea, Aqua, we're going to the coliseum."

My peerage responded with affirmatives. I opened Holes around myself, Medea, Aqua and Vellia. Vellia let out a surprised yelp like she did when I first took us from the cave as the Hole whisked her away.

Vellia fell to the ground as the chair she'd been sitting on vanished from beneath her. She quickly scrambled to her feet, hoisting her sword up into a ready stance. Her breath caught as she took in her surroundings. The sword dipped, hanging loose in her hand. She was staring at the sky in disbelief, mouth agape. "Where… Is this Hell?"

"Forgive me for not explaining where I'd taken you." I said, realizing why she was so shocked. The amethyst sky Hell above us was a stark contrast to the blue picture she was used to. "Yes, you are in Hell, though not the one you are familiar with. These are my lands surrounding my home." I turned, pointing over the coliseum wall to my left. "We just left Castle Abaddon."

Vellia looked in the direction indicated and she sharply inhaled, grip tightening around the hilt of her blade. The imposing face of Castle Abaddon dominated the sky. My home wasn't the size of Castle Bael or Castle Vapula. It was still larger than any mortal castle, likely large enough to house its own small village.

"Who…who are you?" Vellia asked. There was a tremble present in her voice.

"Did I not introduce myself? How rude of me. I am Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, Lord of the House of Abaddon."

Vellia stared at me. Her mouth moved, but no words came. "A Viscount?" she finally managed to say, her voice an octave higher than before.

I raised an eyebrow. "Is that really so hard to believe?"

Vellia snapped out of her stupor. She fell to the ground as she hurriedly knelt before me, head bowed low, swordpoint in the dirt. "Forgive my disrespect, lord."

"You said your grandmother formed a pact with a devil, yes? Why are you so surprised by my standing?" I asked.

"She did. A lesser devil. I have never heard of a Viscount of Hell taking a mortal warlock. I am honored, lord."

Medea and Aqua were smirking, silently amused by my discomfort at Vellia's grovelling.

Sighing, I said, "You can stand. I'm not big on formality. Don't feel like you have to bow, kneel or any of that."

Vellia slowly rose to her feet, but she still refused to look me in the eye. "I would never disrespect you thus, lord."

"Then do as you will, I suppose." I said tiredly. "Introductions aren't why I brought you down here. Our contract has given you power. I'm uncertain of the limits of that strength and would like to learn. My Queen will send minions to attack you. You will destroy them until you are no longer able to. Do not fear for your safety. We will be watching closely and will prevent any harm from befalling you. Use this opportunity to test the limits of what you are able to do."

Vellia bowed. "As you command, my lord."

I held back another sigh, ignoring Aqua's chuckling as I used a Hole to transport my present peerage members to the coliseum's main viewing platform.

This coliseum was one of many projects that were either completed or started in the wake of the construction finishing on my castle. I had more land at my disposal than I knew what to do with, so I coordinated with Medea to begin some other projects. We prioritized finishing this first to give Regulus and Coal a place to spar. They still ran around the rest of my territory beating each other up when they felt like it, but they appreciated having an enclosed space where people, mostly Aqua and Matatabi, could watch.

The design wasn't anything special. It mimicked Rome's coliseum on a smaller scale. Circular with rows of elevated seating for spectators. There was box seating both at the very top of the seating section and near the field. The field itself was dirt. Vellia stood alone, looking around in confusion as we disappeared.

"I believe she will be a good subordinate for you." Medea commented as we looked down over the field.

"She's certainly got the reverence down." Aqua said, amused.

"I don't want subordinates that grovel. I wasn't trying to make her my subordinate in the first place." I protested. I had enough to worry about as it was without navigating the new territory of having a persistent leech on my power. The current amount of demonic power Vellia was taking from me was insignificant, it was barely worth mentioning. Would she take more as she 'leveled up'? This could evolve to be a problem.

"Intentions are not as important as results, my love. The fact is that she is now bound to you." Medea said. A wicked dagger appeared in her hands in a flash of dark energy. "If you wish, I will sever that binding, but I believe there are benefits to retaining her. Let us at least determine the nature of what has happened before making a decision."

I took a breath, nodding. "You're right. That's why I brought us here. I want to see what she can do. Aqua, please monitor the connection between us while she fights. I want to know if the drain on my demonic power increases." If she drew more power from me while fighting, that would be a problem. When I sent her back to Faerun to do that job I laid out for her, we would be in separate worlds. I wouldn't be able to predict when she would be in a fight and draw on my strength.

"I'll keep an eye on it." Aqua said.

"How would you like to test her?" Medea asked, intently focused on the red tiefling standing below us. Vellia was looking around nervously, sword held up in a guard.

"Send weak skeletons at her. Very weak. If she beats them, slowly up the intensity. Maybe finish with something that can use magic."

"As you wish."


X


Vellia's mind was racing. The entire trajectory of her life had changed in less than an hour. She was on a regular, if well paying job. The team she'd been working with were dispatched with ease. The powerful wizard that was her benefactor had his soul sucked out by a devil right in front of her eyes. Vellia thought she was dead. She thought the same thing would happen to her.

Then the devil in charge offered to make a Pact with her.

Grandmother told her many stories when she was young. The horrible aspects of her deal. The glorious aspects. She explained it all. The elderly woman felt guilty about Vellia's lot. Vellia's grandmother was human. Both of Vellia's parents were human. It was due to her grandmother's Pact that Vellia was born the way she was, that she entered the world as a tiefling, a holdover from the demonic trace grandmother allowed into her lineage. When her parents abandoned their fiendish daughter in favor of their normal son, her grandmother took her in. The woman taught her how to take care of herself, how to fight. She answered every question Vellia asked. Despite the profound impact it had on her life, Vellia's grandmother never regretted making her Pact with that devil.

Her grandmother's stories were at the forefront of her mind when Vellia accepted the devil's bargain. Then she felt fire licking at her hand. She felt the sword in her hand go from a piece of metal to an extension of herself, an intrinsic part of her very being. She felt the dark lines of arcane magic sear themselves into her flesh. The pain was brief. The marks did not bother Vellia. In fact, she couldn't help but find the twisting lines mesmerizingly beautiful in their own unique way. She didn't have much time to admire them.

The moment their contract was complete, the devil whisked her away. She was surrounded by devils who cast spells at her and squabbled among themselves. Vellia struggled to track it all.

Then she was brought here to this arena. She saw the home of the devil with whom she'd made her Pact. She learned his name: Viscount Balthazar Abaddon. A Viscount of Hell. A Lord of Hell had made a contract with her.

Her grandmother's contract had been made with the retainer of an erinyes tasked with punishing lesser devils. Neither the devil or the erinyes held impressively high standing or impressive power on the demonic scale.

A Viscount of Hell had made a Pact with Vellia.

She should have known. The moment their Pact formed she felt power unlike anything she'd ever known coursing through her veins. Even now, it was as if a torrent of energy was constantly flooding into her, crashing around inside her and lighting her on fire from within, a core of energy fueling an all-encompassing inferno.

From a young age, Vellia had been jealous of her grandmother's magic, secretly spiteful that her grandmother received power and Vellia paid the price for that power. No more. She understood now. Her grandmother hadn't regretted her Pact with a weak devil too insignificant for the Hells to remember. Vellia's Pact with Lord Abaddon hadn't been in effect for a full hour and she already knew she would never regret it. She was drunk on her new strength.

Vellia's head snapped up at an alien sound, disjointed creaking and clacking. A skeleton shambled towards her. It was humanoid with bones from other creatures mixed into its structure to fit where others were missing. Each bone had a glassy purple look. The skeleton had a warhammer. It was charging towards her.

Vellia's grip tightened on her sword. Her new lord wanted to see what she could do? She would show him. She would not give him any reason to suspect he had made a mistake in choosing her.

Vellia prepared to charge towards the skeleton, pausing as a new instinct gnawed at her. Following her gut instinct, Vellia held up her left hand, keeping her blade ready with her right. Dark energy pooled in her hand, as if a starving void was condensing into a point in her grasp. Vellia thrust her hand forward. The energy shot towards the skeleton. The skeleton was struck in its misshapen ribcage, blasting it apart. Bones showered down as it collapsed on itself.

Vellia looked up towards the devils watching from the wall of the arena, a proud smile on her face. The cloaked woman grinned back. Vellia felt a pit open up in her gut. The woman's gaze was frightening.

More shambling. Skeletons came from all directions. Vellia's eyes narrowed.

She gathered the dark energy with her left hand, blasting the approaching skeletons apart. Her right hand brought her longsword up. The skeletons were upon her now.

Her sword lit on fire as she swung it towards the nearest skeleton, cleaving it in two. Another blast claimed another skeleton. She deflected a spear thrust with her sword and countered, slashing through the skeleton's legs. There were more coming.

She was in the center of the arena. The skeletons were all around her. She needed to move.

That same instinct welled up inside her. Foreign, yet paradoxically familiar. Vellia lifted her sword, slowly slicing down through the air. As the sword's tip cut through the air, a tearing sound reached Vellia's ears. A dark rift opened in the wake of her sword's movements, like a scalpel had gently parted the fabric of reality.

More skeletons were dispatched as Vellia tried to figure out what the tear did. Right now, she was just standing dumbly next to it.

The instinct returned. Vellia lifted her left hand. Energy gathered. She dragged her fingers through the air. Another rift tore open on the other side of the arena. The skeletons were all around her now. She needed to move.

She felt herself squeeze through an impossibly small space. The next moment, she was on her feet again, emerging from the rift on the other side of the arena. A skeleton tried to smash her with a warhammer. She dodged to the side, bringing her sword down on its shoulder. Dark energy mixed with the flame of her sword. An echoing boom resounded as she struck the skeleton. It was blasted apart, fragmented splitters of bone rained down in all directions.

Vellia grinned. She'd never felt so strong. Reaching out, she opened another tear in space, already moving to destroy more of these skeletons.


X


That should be impossible. How was this possible?

I couldn't make sense of the events occurring before my eyes. Try as I might to refute reality, it was transpiring right in front of me. This was real. I didn't know how this had happened, but it was certainly happening.

"She can use Hole." Aqua said, breathless.

"No," Medea said, eyes narrowed as she studied one of the rifts Vellia had made. "It is not the same. It is distinctly different. Limited. Weaker." She slowly turned to look at me. "Though it is close enough in appearance and application that this will still have dangerous implications."

In DXD, devils lived and died by their Clan Trait. Perhaps that sounds like a dramatic way to explain it, but it is the truth. Devils with Clan Traits were seen by devilkind as inherently superior due to the advantage granted to them at birth. Some Clans had gone extinct, preventing Hell from ever accessing their Clan Trait again. Some Clans persisted, but their Clan Trait had been diluted to the point where it no longer manifested, rendering the entire Clan weaker as a result. There was a reason pureblood devils often betrothed their children to one-another. They were trying to maintain the purity of their blood and their Clan Traits.

Sairaorg was a perfect example of just how impactful a Clan Trait was on a devil's life. Firstborn son of the current Lord Bael. By all rights, he should have been Heir Bael. He lost his title because he did not possess the Power of Destruction, the Bael Clan Trait. He had just been named the heir to the Vapula Pillar after demonstrating what he had accomplished with Regulus, showing his mastery of the Vapula Clan Trait.

Devils would kill and do far worse if they had a method to ensure their Clan Trait's prominence in the years to come. More and more pureblood devils were dying without heirs, leaving the pool of pureblood devils to drastically dwindle. The peerage system was made to bolster Hell's number of devils, but reincarnated Devils did not have Clan Traits. If they had children with a pureblood devil, the child could manifest a Clan Trait, but it was not as likely as a pureblood devil doing so, and that child would be even less likely to have a child manifest the same Clan Trait. Birthrates were low among devils to begin with before the uncertainty of children carrying on their Clan Trait was even factored in. Devils were desperate to find a way to ensure their Clan Trait persisted.

I had just accidentally found a way to allow that.

Vellia was clearly not using Hole. I knew enough about my Clan Trait to recognize all of the ways Vellia's ability was inferior to what I could do. And it was vastly inferior. But what if she was able to improve it? What if she could work for years, making her tears in space near enough to Hole to pass for it? What if other devils from DXD went to Faerun and contracted their own warlocks? Would those warlocks manifest bastardized Clan Traits as well? Would those warlocks be able to pass that bastardized Clan Trait on to their children?

"We keep this to ourselves. No one outside the peerage learns of it." I said, looking between Aqua and Medea. Both nodded, no complaint uttered.

Vellia would be going back to Faerun once we were done here. There was no reason to suspect any entity in the Underworld or beyond would be able to figure out what she could do. Serafall had openly admitted she had people watching my lands, but that didn't mean they would be privy to everything that happened. Medea's wards would protect us from everything barring the dramatic arrival of another kaiju similar to Mothra's arrival. My peerage could keep this to ourselves until we figured out what to do.

Vellia destroyed another skeleton on the field below. I felt another minor swell of strength flow through our connection.

As Vellia had been fighting on the field, the three of us had been monitoring the connection between myself and my warlock. My fears of Vellia's powers directly relying on me for power were assuaged. The steady, barely there drain on my demonic power did not grow stronger while Vellia was fighting. No matter what power or magic she called upon, she only siphoned off a pittance of demonic power. The interesting thing was what happened when she slew our skeletons.

With each foe dispatched, a small burst of power was sent through our second connection from Vellia to me. Each kill she made sent a surge of power to me. It was small, barely noticeable, but it was far larger than the drain she was pulling from me. She was siphoning off less power than I let off just by existing as a strong devil. The energy she sent me was greater. It was not constant as my supply to her was, but so long as she continued getting into fights it would be significant.

"Are you going to have more?" Aqua asked, pulling me from my thoughts.

"What?" I asked, not understanding her question.

"I know she was kind of an accident, but are you going to have more of her?"

"Warlocks?" I clarified.

"If that's what they're called, then yeah. I can feel the power she's giving you. She isn't taking enough from you to cause any problems and she'll make you stronger just by going through her life doing her job. It might not be a bad idea to have multiple."

I considered her question as Vellia emerged from another tear, slashing a larger skeleton apart in one blow. "She has a version of my Clan Trait. I don't know how Hell would respond to that. Right now, leaving her in Faerun will work well enough. No one here will be able to get there to see what she can do, but contracting more warlocks will increase the chance of something going wrong. I also likely have a hard limit on how many I can make before they become an active drain on me."

Supplying one warlock with my demonic power was not debilitating enough to cause me any issues. Two? That should be fine. Three? Manageable. Seven? No. With that many, the drain would turn into a net negative. I'd need to rely on Bedeze's King Piece to make up the difference, and I wanted to reserve its power purely for moving between worlds. As I got stronger, I would be able to contract more warlocks, but for now it wasn't feasible.

I would also like any future warlocks I may or may not form contracts with to go through a more rigorous selection process. Vellia was an accident. I wanted someone to maybe buy some property on my behalf, not a servant tethered to my power who now possessed a facsimile of my Clan Trait. There wasn't much to be done about her position now. I'd gotten lucky in that she didn't seem like she was interested in betraying me right now. I'd keep tabs on her, but I was hesitantly optimistic she wouldn't give me any problems.

I didn't want to randomly make any more warlocks. If I chose to make more, it would be a conscious decision after lots of thinking, not too dissimilar to how I'd chosen my peerage. Since Vellia had a power similar to Hole, I would only make another warlock if I found someone I would be willing to allow into House Abaddon as a branch member or something like that. There was a very real possibility that Vellia's children might possess the same power she had inherited from me. As Lord Abaddon, I couldn't run the risk of my Clan Trait being given to someone that would turn on my family. One Bedeze was enough. There was a lot I needed to consider regarding this whole arrangement.

"I think we have a good gauge on what she can do now." I said. "Let's end the test."

"As you wish." Medea said easily.

The skeletons on the field below us froze. Vellia cut two more down before realizing they'd stopped attacking her. She backed away, still watching them warily. She relaxed, the fire on her sword vanishing as the skeletons began filing out of the arena.

My wings shot out of my back as I stepped off the viewing platform, flying slowly down towards Vellia.

Her eyes widened when she saw me coming. She fell to a knee, her sword propped in front of her as she knelt amongst a sea of shattered bone.

"My lord," she said, eyes fixed on the ground.

"You can stand." I said as I landed in front of her. My wings vanished once more.

"Thank you, my lord." Vellia stood. She moved to sheathe her sword, frowning as she realized the sheath she wore was not sized to fit the sword I'd given her. She frowned, closing her eyes. Her sword vanished with a flash of dark energy. When her eyes opened again, she was grinning. She quickly schooled her expression when she saw me watching her.

Averting her eyes, Vellia said, "Were you pleased with my performance, my lord?"

"I was. You surprised me with what you are capable of. I look forward to seeing what you are able to accomplish in the future."

"Thank you, my lord." Vellia said, bowing.

"Are you prepared to carry out the task outlined in your contract? You will act as my intermediary in Faerun to purchase property. Perhaps you will even be the one to help me open my first storefront there."

"I am ready, my lord."

Vellia sounded excited. That was good. Willing subordinates were much better than unwilling servants. Less likely to stab you in the back too. Still, it would likely be best to make sure she didn't get stabbed in the back.

"Medea? Do you have any armor made that would fit her?" I asked my Queen as she floated to the ground at my side.

Medea was grinning. "I expected the need might arise after the unexpected event following the signing of her contract. I had my skeletons begin repurposing another project the moment we returned. It was quick work, but I believe it will be enough to keep her alive." She held her hand up. A teleportation circle appeared. In a flash of light, an armor stand appeared.

The armor wasn't gaudy or extremely eye-catching. Sturdy silver armor with bronze highlights layered with enchantments that would protect my warlock. The armor's right arm was heavily armored with bronze plating. The left arm had only a vambrace.

"Thank you," I said, shooting my Queen a grateful smile. "I know the sword was technically your sign on bonus, so consider the armor me protecting my investment. Take this as well." A Hole deposited an enchanted satchel in my hand.

Vellia looked confused as she took the bag.

"It is enchanted." I explained. "You can fit far more into it than you would think. It is filled with enough food, water and coin to last you for long enough to return to civilization. There is also a sheet of paper in it with my symbol. That paper will allow you to communicate with me or my Queen to keep us updated on your progress. If you need more money to purchase more land, inform us and we will take care of it."

Vellia knelt again. "I will not fail you, my lord." The kneeling was getting to be a little much.

"If you're ready, I'll send you back."

"I am ready, my lord. I will report my progress in one week's time." she said, still kneeling.

Holding back a sigh, I opened a Hole around her, sending her back to the cave where we met. The skeletons in the mine and the defensive wards around it wouldn't hurt her now so long as she didn't try to steal anything. A moment later, I sent the armor stand to the same cave. The moment she was gone, the rifts she'd opened vanished. Evidently, they couldn't reach across worlds like Hole could.

"Thoughts?" I asked.

"I am glad she was the one we chose." Medea said. "The orc would not have been nearly as devoted to you. The elf would have been actively terrified. The human mercenaries were weak. And the wizards were both insufferable. The unexpected binding with the tiefling will likely hold advantages."

Aqua nodded in agreement. "I like her. She's tough. She wasn't a jerk either. I kinda hope she does a good job so she can stick around longer. You'll let her live here if she does good, right?"

I shook my head, mentally spent. "I haven't thought that far ahead yet. She'll probably want to stay in Faerun. And I will need someone to oversee any businesses there if we actually do set up some shops. Though if she does want to move here… I don't know. Her having a variant of Hole makes things complicated."

Would I have to make Vellia a member of the Abaddon family as a branch sect? What would Kuisha think of that? Actually, Kuisha was going to be Lady Vapula now. It really wasn't her problem.

"I believe we should take it one step at a time." Medea said placatingly, smiling at Aqua's eagerness. "We will see what she accomplishes and how she adjusts to her new life. Everything else can be determined later."

"Agreed," I said. "This was supposed to be an experiment to see how purchasing territories in other worlds will work. Now there are just more layers to the experiment. Granted, that makes the experiment a little less scientific, but we'll still get some good data from it. Probably."

"Works for me. Do you mind if I check in on her from time to time?" Aqua asked.

"I have said many times that my peerage is free to do as they will when I don't need them for something. Just let someone know where you're going and stay safe." I said.

"I always do. I'll wait a bit though. I'm gonna go watch some more of Roygun's old Rating Games if you want to join me. You can never have enough information on your opponent."

I considered it for a moment. "That actually sounds kind of nice. I could use something to get my mind off the potential firestorm I just unleashed in Faerun." I would be monitoring the connection between myself and Vellia to make sure nothing happened to her. I expected that someone had noticed what just happened between us. Hopefully they didn't care enough to investigate. Faerun had new warlocks made all the time. Why would they think mine was special?

Medea smiled. "I too would…" she trailed off, turning to look at me, her lips thinning into a line.

I'd felt it too. A magical ping at the edges of my consciousness. A reaching call I hadn't expected to receive. Medea felt it too because I made each of the fliers I distributed to reach out to both of us simultaneously in case I was occupied.

"Well that's interesting." I said, surprised.


X


This was a mistake.

Balthazar Abaddon was an admitted devil. Devils lied. It was their nature and their joy. She had seen the results of those lies. They were never pretty.

That begged the question: Why was she doing this?

"I half expected a trap."

Landfall spun around, preparing to strike.

Balthazar Abaddon stood there, annoyingly relaxed. He looked up at the sky, smirking. "No stars this time. The sun and clouds are a pleasing enough view I suppose."

Landfall flexed her fingers, watching the devil closely for any sign of malice. She carefully selected this terrain for this meeting. The open plain around them gave the devil no cover, nowhere to hide any reinforcements or attacks. Of course, it worked both ways. Landfall couldn't easily hide anything from the devil, but she had time before he arrived to prepare the area. There were magical traps laid all around them. She painstakingly dug an escape tunnel reinforced with crystal supports should the worst happen and he somehow blocked her teleportation.

"Did you call me here to talk, or should we just continue to menacingly stare at one-another?" Balthazar asked, raising an eyebrow at her.

"Who are you?" Landfall demanded.

He frowned. "I introduced myself when we first met. Have you already forgotten my name? That was only a week ago. Was it only a week? Sorry, times flown by. I've been busy."

"You made a lot of lofty claims, calling yourself a demon Viscount. There's no mention of you anywhere. The name Abaddon doesn't even exist." Landfall had used a combination of her teleportation magic and invisibility to discreetly scour the less warded libraries she could access. Vampires typically weren't welcome in libraries, but as long as she was careful she could conduct her research in peace. Not one demonic text she found even hinted at the existence of the devil who stood across from him. Either he wasn't who he said he was, or something else was going on here.

"Looked into me, did you?"

Landfall's eyes narrowed behind her mask. "I needed to know if you were a threat to the region."

"The townsfolk can rest easy. I have no designs on the area or the greater world. I may try to open some mines and trade here, but the timeline for that just got put on hold. Something came up somewhere else. Most of my attention will be directed that way until I have a firmer grasp on things."

Landfall snorted. "A devil who trades with humans?" The thought was ridiculous.

"How do you think I became so rich? I'll admit, I do far more business with supernatural forces than humans, but I have done business with my fair share of humans, but you didn't call me here to discuss my business. I'd prefer it if you got to the point."

"You have somewhere to be?"

"I've had a busy day and want to rest. Is that a crime?"

"It is when your idea of a busy day likely consists of stealing infants from their cradles."

Balthazar sighed. "Your company has been lovely, Landfall. I don't enjoy wasting time or letting others slander me, so I will be taking my leave. I wish you well." A void of nothingness opened in front of him. He took a step towards it.

"What's a peerage!" Landfall shouted, desperate. She was nervous. She'd been nervous since she made the decision to summon Balthazar back so she could talk to him. She didn't like being nervous. It was much easier to let others believe she was as unshakable as her mask than to let her underlying feelings show.

Balthazar stopped. He stared at the Hole in space for a moment. He took a deep breath and turned back around. The dark hole vanished.

"A peerage is something unique to the devils of my world. It is a group of servants all bonded to the same devil King."

Landfall's lips thinned into a line. "'Your' world?"

"I'm not from the same place this world's devils are. That's why you couldn't find any information about me. Whether you believe me or not, the fact remains that I am a Viscount of Hell. I just received undeniable proof of that fact from a place I would never have expected. Trusting my word or not is your prerogative."

"You still haven't told me what a peerage is. What do they do? You said the servants are bonded to the master. Before, you said some devils treated them like slaves. Why would I ever agree to become your slave?"

"Are you familiar with chess?"

Landfall was confused. "The game?" What did a board game have to do with devils?

"Good. That makes things easier." Balthazar held his hand up. Three chess pieces appeared atop his hand, a Bishop, a Knight and a Pawn. The Knight and Pawn glowed bright with unholy power.

"For reasons I am sure exist and aren't just arbitrary, the devils of my world created a system of magical chess pieces that we can use to reincarnate beings of other races into devils. Each piece has corresponding abilities. Pawns can promote to other pieces. Knights are fast. Bishops are strong with magic. Etcetera. Each devil that reaches High Class receives a set of peerage pieces they can use as they choose."

"Pieces can make people into devils?"

"Yes. That's how the binding forms. The piece connects you to your King. It isn't a strong magical binding that forces you to do whatever your King says, but the social bonds formed by being in someone's peerage make it very difficult for peerage members to defy their King."

"What do you mean?"

"Stray pieces will mutate if they spend too long away from their King. They have to be hunted down and killed. A King can claim a piece is a stray and have them killed for little to no reason, especially if they are a powerful King or have abundant influence. I have both."

"So you could freely abuse me however you wished?"

"I could. I won't."

"How can I trust you? Why should I?"

"I could bring my peerage here and let them tell you their experience. If you're already predisposed not to trust me, you could just as easily think I'm bringing paid actors. I don't know how to make you trust me if you aren't willing to. Honestly, if you can't bring yourself to trust me then I will rescind my invitation to join my peerage."

Landfall felt a point of tension in her long dead heart. "Why?"

"I don't want slaves. I don't want unwilling servants that will stab me in the back later on. I want willing allies that can grow with me, people who will elevate me while I elevate them. A team. Friends. If you can't trust me, you're a liability to my existing peerage. I won't place them in danger on a gamble."

Why did his words inspire a long dead ache deep in her chest? He was a devil. He knew how to twist his words to bring about his ends. Why hadn't she struck? He was standing in her trap. She needed to deal with this devil right now.

"…You already have people in your peerage?" Landfall asked hesitantly.

"I'm only missing three pieces." the devil said, raising the Bishop, Knight and Pawn in his hand for emphasis.

"What… What are the others like?" She wasn't asking because she wanted to meet them. She needed information on the other devils that might threaten the world if Balthazar ever returned.

"My Queen is named Medea. She is a demigoddess and the most accomplished witch you will ever meet. My Rooks are a lazy cat that keeps finding new and exciting ways to cause chaos and a moth who likes eating my notebooks. My Knight is a woman who can go wherever she wants whenever she wants but always seems to end up either in front of a computer or buying a new stuffed animal. My Bishop is a single mother who used to be a dragon. Not to be confused with my Pawn who was and is still a dragon. My other Pawn can become any one of us whenever he feels like it, but he spends most of his time making potions with the moth. Those two have hit it off really well. They had a rocky start, but they moved past it."

Landfall blinked, head tilted to the side. What? Somehow, a list of individuals starting with the word 'demigoddess' had only gotten more and more absurd the longer the devil spoke.

Balthazar laughed. "Yeah, it's a little chaotic. But I wouldn't trade it for anything. That's also why I'm being selective about the last three pieces. We have a good thing going. I'm not going to ruin it by bringing in someone that will make things difficult. So Landfall, are you actually interested in joining? Do you trust me enough to keep considering this or should I be on my way?"

Landfall didn't speak. She couldn't. The cold logic of her mind warred with the absolute turmoil alive in her chest. She knew that this devil couldn't possibly be telling the truth. But what if he was? Landfall had been dead for hundreds of years. The last time she'd felt alive was when she was with her companions, the people she thought were her friends. The people who abandoned her to wander the world alone as a despised monster. Balthazar sounded like he legitimately cared about the people around him, but how could she trust that any of those people were actually real? It could all be a carefully crafted lie.

"I… What piece would I be?" Landfall asked at last, purely to learn more about the devils plan.

Two of the chess pieces vanished, leaving only one piece in the devil's hand. "My Pawn. It might not sound that exciting, but trust me, this is more than it appears. It's a Mutation Piece, a very rare variation of peerage pieces that supercharges whoever it is used on.'

"What would I do? What would you make me do?"

"Honestly, not a lot. I'm sure you've got a lot of preconceptions about being a part of a Hell Lord's army, but it isn't going to live up to the hype. Unless you want to help with my business like my Queen and Pawn do, you'll have a lot of down time. The cat I told you about spends most of her time finding new and exciting places to nap. There will be the occasional fight you'll have to take part in, but even those will mainly be for competition. We've got a whole Hell tournament thing that I'll tell you more about if you accept."

"You keep saying you're a Hell lord. What would that mean for me? What would I be if I became a devil for you?"

"Instant devil status." Balthazar said seriously. "Seriously. I've received an annoying amount of mail from people trying to barter their way into my peerage or barter others out of it. Being attached to a powerful lord gives you a lot of standing. Joining me will also give you access to the best magic items available in the world as well as training in magic from some true masters if you're interested."

Landfall could swear she felt her dead heart beating an anxious rhythm. "What about the others?" she asked quietly, scared to put the words in the air. "Do you think they'd like me?"

He smiled, warm and welcoming. "I do. I wouldn't have reached out to you if I thought you wouldn't fit in well. Hell, I think Aqua and you will get along really well. She'll understand what you've gone through better than anyone."

"Which one is Aqua?"

"The Knight. She was stuck alone in a really nasty place for a long time. The specifics are hers to tell, but she knows what it's like to be alone. Depending on how you look at things, she was either trapped there alone for eternity or decades. Or both. Time was weird there. I only spent an instant in that place and it still messed me up."

Landfall was confused again. How can something exist for an eternity that has a limit to the time it is present? That was inherently contradictory. Maybe the devil was trying to confuse her? Would confusing her bring her guard down and make it easier to convince her?

Landfall's mind, her cold logic, was screaming at her to flee, to fight, to do anything else. It screamed in vain. The burning ache in her still heart had already won. She'd decided.

"Can I… Can I go back with you?" Landfall asked, the words feeling weak even as she spoke them. She felt vulnerable. The mask helped. Not enough.

"You want to join my peerage?"

Landfall nodded, not trusting herself to speak.

"You will become a devil. You likely won't come back to this world. You'll be bound to me for eternity. There is no undoing this. Are you sure?"

Landfall swallowed, nervous. "I'm sure." she said before she could stop herself.

"Okay," Balthazar said.

Landfall jolted, completely shocked as the devil in front of her scattered into a collection of violet butterflies flapping off in every direction.

"Sorry for the illusion."

Landfall leapt back, looking up at the sky. The air shifted. Balthazar appeared flying above her on stationary wings.

"I wasn't sure if you were going to activate the traps you'd set or not. I thought it was better to be safe than sorry."

Landfall felt a spike of desperation stab her in the chest. He knew about the traps. He thought she was trying to kill him. He was going to leave her here alone. "That wasn't… I wasn't going to… Please don't…"

"It's okay." Balthazar assured her. "A little paranoia is a good thing. I'll ask one more time. Are you sure about this?"

Landfall's hands balled into fists. "I'm sure."

Balthazar nodded. He floated down towards her, a glowing Pawn in his hand.

Landfall's arms were shaking as the devil approached her. She couldn't look away from the alien object as the devil brought it closer and closer. Balthazar gently placed it against her chest then pushed.

Landfall gasped, shocked, elated, alive. Power coursed through her veins. Wings exploded out of her back. None of that mattered.

Her heart, long dead, beat. Once. Then again. And again in rhythm. Her lungs greedily drank in the air. She was alive.

"Welcome to the peerage, Landfall." Balthazar said, smiling warmly.

"I…" Landfall caught her breath, fighting down a hurricane of conflicting emotions to order her thoughts. "Keno."

Balthazar looked confused. "What was that?"

"My name isn't Landfall. I'm Keno."

Balthazar's smile was back. "Welcome to the peerage, Keno. Would you like to see your new home?"

Keno nodded sharply, not trusting her words. He hadn't been offended by the change of name. He'd called her by her actual name.

Keno's heart was hammering against her chest. She'd forgotten what it felt like.

So soon after regaining it, Keno lost her breath. A dark hole had swallowed them, depositing them in front of the most grand castle Keno had ever seen, and she had beheld true marvels. Tall as a mountain. Inspiring as a song. The sky beyond was dark, a mixture of purples. It was beautiful.

"Hi!"

Keno jolted in shock, instinctively stepping behind Balthazar. She poked her head out from behind his back. There was a woman there. Blue hair bleached white in places. Limbs blackened by shadow. Her bright smile and vibrant eyes were at odds with the rest of her appearance.

"I guess you decided to join then. I'm Aqua!"

Keno swallowed nervously. "I'm Keno. It's nice to meet you."


Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: Jun 29, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,662 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jun 29, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 30
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jul 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,644
Keno was overwhelmed. For days she'd agonized over her decision to call Balthazar Abaddon back and hear him out. She wanted so desperately to believe him, but he was a devil. All knowledge she had ever come across warned her to be wary of deception. Even still, she'd reached out, she'd spoken to him. Decades of isolation and persecution had taken their toll. Even if it was a devil, Keno just wanted a friend.

Only yesterday, Keno had accepted the devil's offer. She was half-convinced she'd sold her soul away for the fleeting idea of the companionship she once knew. Now she didn't know what to believe. All she could conclusively say was that her estimation of her situation was vastly wrong.

"And this is Medea's tower!" Aqua declared, throwing her arms wide dramatically. Balthazar had shown her to her new room after very briefly explaining things to her. He left her to settle in on her own. Keno spent the night sleeping on the softest bed she'd ever felt, wondering when the other shoe would drop. The next morning, Aqua had kidnapped Keno and dragged her around to give her a tour of the interior.

Precious gems were set into the walls, twinkling like stars against the dark stone. Elaborate murals and beautifully crafted items of magical power stood as decorations. Living armors and misshapen skeletons roamed the halls with impunity.

Keno blasted the first skeleton she saw apart with a crystal spear as Aqua showed her around. She thought she was under attack. When Aqua explained the golems and skeletons were the castle's servants, Keno felt panic grip her. She'd killed one of her new devil lord's servants. He would demand recompense.

Keno's terror bled away as Aqua laughed brightly, telling her not to worry about it. She explained that the process to create the skeletons was simple, even offering to teach her once their tour was over. The bluenette then grabbed Keno's hand and continued dragging her through the massive castle that would serve as Keno's new home.

"Medea is the demigoddess?" Keno asked, hesitant. The rapid stream of information Aqua had been feeding her throughout their tour was hard to keep up with.

"Yep! She's Balthazar's Queen, basically his second in command."

"As his Knight, are you my superior?" Keno asked.

Aqua shook her head. "We don't have much of a command structure beyond Balthazar and Medea. The rest of us are pretty much free to do whatever if we're not needed. We've got a Rating Game coming up. That's the only big event I can think of."

"The tournament fight?" Keno clarified.

"Yeah, we absolutely crushed the last one, and I want to have a similar result this time." Aqua gave her a thumbs up and a smile. "Do your best, okay?"

"I will." Keno agreed easily. She was still trying to grasp her situation. The flurry of activity in the past hours had shaken her. But there was something she could not deny. For the first time in decades, nay centuries, Keno felt alive, even the faintest trace of happiness. Balthazar's Pawn was already fixed in her chest. There was no undoing her decision. Even so, from what little she had seen, she had no desire to. This place, Aqua's unexpected kindness, had shattered even the greatest of Keno's hopes.

"Do you want to see Medea's lab?" Aqua said, motioning towards a spiral staircase hugging the wall, wrapping up the circular tower.

Keno eyed the staircase warily. "I do not want to interrupt the Queen's experiments."

Aqua waved dismissively. "You don't have to be all formal like that. Just call her Medea. Balthazar is okay with you using his name too. And don't worry! Medea's not in right now. She left this morning to start filming on the Leviathan's show. I'm sure she wouldn't mind me showing you around."

Filming? That was the moving pictures that Aqua had told her about. She'd promised to lock Keno down in her room and sit her through a 'movie marathon'. It sounded equal parts an invitation and a threat.

"I don't think–"

"Oh, just come on!" Aqua cut Keno off, dragging the small vampire along behind her.

"Oh, hey, Irene. I didn't think anyone was in here." Aqua said as they reached the top of the stairs.

A woman stood hunched over a table with her back to Keno. Tall. Wreathed in soft gray robes. Auburn hair tumbled wild and free as she turned to greet them.

"Hello, Aqua. And you must be Keno." She smiled, gentle. "It's good to meet you. I'm Irene, Balthazar's Bishop."

Keno stood up straighter, managing a shallow bow. "I am Keno. Balthazar Abaddon's Pawn."

"There's no need to be so high-strung." Irene said comfortingly. "I struggled with it myself when I first arrived, but allow yourself to relax. This isn't a dream you'll wake up from or a paradise that will be ripped away from you after a single mistake. Just breathe and be yourself. Balthazar wouldn't have recruited you if he thought you wouldn't fit in."

Keno felt her breath catch, a novel feeling after centuries of undeath. "How do you…?"

Irene chuckled. "As I said, I can understand some of what you're going through. Balthazar spends a long time searching before approaching someone with an offer to join his peerage. I imagine he watched both you and myself for several days before approaching us."

He was watching her? Did he have some hidden purpose in mind for her?

Aqua sighed. "Irene, I just got her to start smiling. Now she's right back in her own head, second-guessing everything." Aqua walked in front of Keno, blocking Irene from her view. Aqua leaned down and stared directly into her eyes. "Balthazar isn't trying to use you for anything. If my experience was anything to go by, he laid everything out for you very clearly then left the decision up to you, right?"

Keno nodded, curt.

"Good. Everything he laid out? That's it. There's no hidden strings. Balthazar is kind of paranoid. He doesn't want to leave anything out when he talks to someone and risks them stabbing him in the back later. That's also why he treats us as well as he does. He doesn't want to give anyone a reason to think he doesn't value them."

Soft wails tickled Keno's ears, pulling her attention away from Aqua. The soft cries were coming from a strange contraption in the corner of the room. There was a handle and a half-covering to shield the contents from the outside world.

Irene set the instruments in her hands to the side and walked towards the device. She cooed softly, cradling a small form bundled in cloth.

Aqua curled in on herself, awkwardly scratching the back of her head. "Sorry, I didn't know she was here. I didn't mean to wake her up."

"It is fine." Irene said, unbothered. She gently rocked the small child back and forth. "Keno, this is my daughter Seri."

A memory plucked at Keno's mind. What had Balthazar said when he'd recruited her? Something about a single mother who used to be a dragon? That must be Irene.

Keno slowly walked forward. She was surprised when Irene didn't pull away, instead leaning down to show Keno her child. Keno couldn't remember the last time someone hadn't taken one look at her and fled with their children. They were too afraid of the vampire killing their young. She held out her finger as two small arms grasped upwards.

A small hand closed around her finger. Curious brown eyes watched her. The baby babbled something incoherent.

Keno was smiling, lightly tugging her finger around to play with the baby.

"What were you working on in here? Is this Vellia's contract?"

Keno looked over her shoulder. Aqua was sifting through pages of notes on the desk Irene had been stooped over. There was a piece of paper held in her hands. Flames gently licked at the pages' edges, but nothing burned.

Irene sighed, standing up. Keno felt a pang of disappointment as Irene walked back to the carrying device and laid Seri back down. She was enjoying playing with the baby.

"I was trying to determine if it is possible for Balthazar to create a similar contract without reliance on Faerun's magic." Irene explained. "In theory, it should be possible. There is nothing special about the connection between them. The difficulty lies in supplying the power and outlining the precise details for the expression of that power."

"Can he not use Bedeze's King Piece?" Aqua asked, a considering expression on her face. When she saw Keno looking at her curiously, her eyes widened. "Balthazar has something that he isn't supposed to called a King Piece. Do not tell anyone outside of the peerage that it exists. Don't even talk about it outside of the castle. It'll create a lot of problems. Don't tell people he can go to different worlds either. That'll create worse problems."

"I won't." Keno said quickly. That was the most serious Keno had seen Aqua since meeting her.

Irene sighed, walking up to Aqua's side to look at the flaming paper with her. "Theoretically he could. I am uncertain if a contract made using the King Piece would permanently tie the warlock to the King Piece as a source of power. If that happened…"

"Then Balthazar would lose his ability to independently travel." Aqua finished, deep in thought. "I'd need to go with him again."

"I believe you can see why I would rather avoid that outcome. What happened with Vellia was unexpected but not damaging. We have time to investigate now. I believe it is wise to do so before anything is attempted again."

"Can I help?"

Keno felt small as Aqua and Irene turned around and stared down at her. Sometimes she really hated being so short.

"I… I might not be able to do much, but I'd like to try." Keno said weakly, not able to meet their eyes.

Aqua's expression softened into a smile. "Of course. Come on. I'll fill you in on what this is. So the paper is basically a…"

Keno focused on Aqua's words. A small smile was etched onto her face. Deep in her chest, a warm feeling Keno hadn't known for years bloomed.

Keno felt like she belonged.


X


Keno seemed like she was settling well enough. Aqua had been practically glued to her side since she arrived. I trusted Aqua to let me know if there was anything I needed to do to make Keno more comfortable, but for now it seemed like there were no issues.

Medea was gone today. After reviewing the script Serafall had sent her, she'd become openly excited about being on Serafall's show Miracle Lev-tan. I'd tried to peek at the script a couple times, but Medea wouldn't let me see it. She wanted to watch the finished project with me for movie nights. All she would tell me was that she was a villain like she wanted and that Serafall had written her to be a much bigger character than she'd originally thought. I took that to mean she went from a villain of the week to a recurring bad guy. I was looking forward to seeing the finished project. Even if they filmed quickly, it still wouldn't be out for some time yet, and I had other things I needed to do to occupy my time with.

If I hadn't opened my business with Magdaran, things would have gone very differently. I likely wouldn't have the Satan's backing and I'd still be poor instead of one of the richest individuals across the supernatural. I didn't regret opening the business. We'd seen unprecedented success in a miniscule timeframe. Still, I wasn't a fan of all the work it was creating for me.

Latia was constantly in talks with various factions looking to get a branch in their territory. While she handled the majority of the negotiations, there was still a lot Magdaran and I had to do to keep things moving forward. Kuisha helped when she could, but she was occupied with Sairaorg's transition to the Vapula Pillar right now. We really needed some more employees we could trust.

I'd need to send out some advertisements that we were recruiting at some point, but I'd like to get people we knew onboard first. The downside of that was that I didn't really know anyone who could fill the roles I was thinking of. Most of my friends were Satans or Rating Game champions, not exactly the caliber of people you would hire for office gigs.

Maybe I could look for someone outside DXD that would be able to help? I was still short a Bishop. There had to be some magically capable individual out there who would be willing and able to handle the managerial side of my business. Medea was occupied with filming right now, but I could ask her to start scrying for a couple worlds once I'd thought of some options.

I'd figure something out. I was meeting with Magdaran and Latia today in the human world to see about opening another location. It would be a good opportunity to see if either of them had friends they would trust with working for us.

A Hole opened around me. I reappeared on a flat roof. Gravel crunched beneath my feet. Tight streets and Victorian architecture surrounded the building I stood on. Thoroughfares were packed full of people and vehicles alike. I'd never been to Milan, Italy in either of my lives. From my first impression, it was fast-paced, almost like an ant colony with its constant motion and orderly processions.

"Balthazar, glad you could make it."

I turned around. Magdaran was walking towards me, concerned.

"How did things go with the mine? Is everything alright?"

"Everything's fine. There won't be any further issues. Sorry I didn't send word along. I got distracted."

He brightened. "No worries. I'm glad everything worked out. Do you want to see inside?"

"I came all this way. I might as well."

I let him lead me inside through a sturdy wooden door. I followed him down cement stairs to a large open area. The interior of the building was unfinished. Pallets laden with bags of cement and loose rebar laid abandoned, covered in a thin layer of dust. Floor-to-ceiling windows stood at the entrance. The windows were covered with wooden boards. Light streaked through the gaps.

"It's good to see you, Balthazar." Latia said, standing up and dusting off her hands. She'd been sifting through the mess on one of the pallets.

"You too, Latia." I looked around at the cement floor and exposed walls. "So this is the place?"

"If we want to start right away, then yes." Latia said. "There are other locations, but they all have their own issues. This place is relatively cheap and we can make it into whatever we need with the skeletons."

"We don't have the manpower to staff it effectively. We can't exactly have skeletal receptionists in the human world. Even with wards and barriers up to keep normals out, we still might run into problems." I pointed out.

"That won't be an issue for long." Latia said, sounding confident. "I've done some preliminary investigations into potential new employees. The moment we announce we are hiring, we will be flooded with applications from all over the Underworld and a fair few places beyond."

"It'll be hard to keep accountability of everything properly with other people in the mix." I pointed out.

"That's what the golems and skeletons are for." Magdaran cut in. "We'll have some of the best security around discouraging anyone from getting any ideas, and we'll still be involved to make sure nothing goes missing."

"Balthazar," Latia said, fixing me with a stern look. "I understand your reservations, but we need more manpower. The skeletons are good for what they do, but they are too inefficient. We could be turning close to twice the profit we currently are if we hired people able to think for themselves. That would let us expand faster. It would also make it a lot easier for me to get permits to work with other factions. We're already cleared to do business with the Norse and unaffiliated humans, but we could be doing more."

"Do you have an idea of who you'd hire first?" I asked.

Latia nodded. "I have some friends from the Pillars who have been looking for an opportunity to step outside their families and do something on their own. That will be enough to lay the groundwork and we can recruit from the greater Underworld after. We can set up a probationary contract similar to mine to ensure there are no issues with any of them."

I looked at Magdaran. "Thoughts?"

Magdaran shrugged. "I don't have an issue with it. Latia's been handling the management side of things well enough. I trust her judgement."

I was inclined to agree. Short of the duties I was required for, Latia and Kuisha had dealt with the majority of the now named Bael, Abaddon and Astaroth Trading Co.'s workload. Latia had a piece of the pie now. She benefited by seeing us succeed, so I was willing to have a little faith.

"Alright. Let's…" I trailed off, eyes narrowing. I turned to the side, staring at the wall across from us.

"Bal?" Magdaran asked, sounding slightly concerned.

"Do you not feel that?" I asked, still focused. There was something at the edge of my awareness, a faint presence brushing against my senses like a gentle paintbrush. The grey cement floor shifted. Yellow eyes peered out from beneath near-perfect camouflage.

Holes opened all around me. "I'm under attack. Magdaran and Latia are with me. Arm and armor then let me know when you're ready to assist." I spoke quickly, clinically through Holes as fire that seared the air poured out of other rifts I created. A circular perimeter of flame surrounded myself, Latia and Magdaran, shielding us from threats.

"We are ready now, my lord." Shang Tsung's voice responded immediately. There was an urgency present in his voice.

"Attack?" Magdaran whipped his head around. "What do you mean–"

A high-pitched wail split the air. Shadows flowed up the walls and windows, creeping towards us along the ceiling. The space was bathed in magical darkness. The ring of fire I'd summoned the only torch able to beat back the night.

"What's happening?" Latia said. There was a quiver in her voice.

I ignored her. "Mothra, stay with Latia and Magdaran." I ordered as Shang Tsung stepped out of a Hole, adorned in his full battle armor. Mothra rode his shoulder in her moth form.

The shadows drew near, closing down around us like hands grasping to enclose a precious gem. An unholy cacophony of sounds assaulted us from all sides. Flesh sliding across the ground. Sharpened claws clacking against the ground. Scurrying bodies. Challenging yips and roars.

"I am awake."

"I'm coming, master!"

Matatabi and Coal's answers came next. I opened a path for Matatabi. She leapt through and her head snapped around while she crouched low. The flames of her back spiked up like hackles. The space was too small for her full form, but she grew as much as she could while still being able to maneuver. Her head came up to my chest, tails swimming through the air behind her as she watched our surroundings.

No sooner had the flaming form of Matatabi emerged from my Hole than it was forcibly closed. It was not the only one. Many of my Holes were cut off, including those I was using to communicate with my peerage. The only ones still open were those that Aqua had locked open for me, my paths to the Elemental Plane of Fire and one connection that led into my castle.

"We need to leave! Hold on!" Latia called. A bright yellow teleportation circle began to expand outwards from her before fizzling into particles of broken magic. She looked shocked.

I frowned, eyes narrowing as the shadows on the ceiling above us joined, plunging the entire vicinity into darkness. "They've warded the area against teleportation. They must have set this trap up in advance. We're repositioning."

"What do you–" Latia's words were lost as I sent her away with a Hole keyed to my castle. Even despite wards blocking magical transit, connections locked open by Aqua functioned. The wards protecting the Rating Game arena had been insufficient to stop her. Whatever inferior trick this was had no hope of preventing the connections she'd protected from working.

Holes opened around myself, Magdaran and my present peerage members, pulling us back to my castle.

"Magdaran, are you staying or fighting?" I asked quickly. We were out of danger, but I was not going to let whoever had set this trap for us get away unscathed. I was going back.

The Bael heir looked like he was suffering from whiplash. "I…what's going on?"

"Stay here." I said, deciding for him. He didn't look like he was in the proper headspace to be fighting right now. If it were Sairaorg, he'd be rearing to go. Magdaran clearly needed some time to prepare before getting pulled into a fight.

Dozens of Holes opened around me once more. "Matatabi, wait here. I'll open a path for you soon. Shang Tsung, with me." I said as I stepped through another Hole.

Shang Tsung's wings were spread wide behind him as he floated at my side. Together, we looked down on the building we'd been standing in not a minute ago.

A dome of pure blackness surrounded the building. Creatures moved in and around the dome. Half-feathered forms hefted weapons and flew haphazardly on molting wings. Humanoid shapes of fire and frost flowed around the perimeter of the dome at the ground, anxiously shifting about.

Knelt on the ground all around the dome were cloaked figures. Each pressed their hands to the ground in front of them, contributing their strength to a line of magical runes that flowed into the dome of darkness.

"Enemy is a group of humans and monsters. Over thirty targets. I want at least one of the human mages alive for questioning. Is everyone ready?" I asked through my Holes.

"Open a Hole already, master! I want to crush some skulls!"

I smirked. "I appreciate the enthusiasm, Coal. Let's begin." I opened two Holes near the ground directly behind the line of mages sustaining the barrier.

A duo of roars shook the area as a black dragon and a flaming cat the size of a semi-truck pounced onto the battlefield.

The line of mages broke immediately. Coal's teeth closed around one while Matatabi batted two more away as she grew to her full size. The remaining mages scattered, screaming.

As the mages ceased feeding it power, the black barrier dissolved, unravelling all at once. More monsters poured out of the building as the barrier fell.

"Will you be safe here, my lord?" Shang Tsung asked. I could hear the indecision in his voice. He wanted to join the fray, but didn't want to leave me alone.

"Go. I can take care of myself."

He needed no further prompting. In a flash of green he'd assumed my appearance. He stepped through a Hole and was gone.

Before he could depart, a flutter of gray wings carried Mothra off his shoulder. Her wings danced delicately against the air as she came to rest on my head. I could take care of myself, but I appreciated her staying with me all the same.

Matatabi and Coal were wreaking havoc on the ground. Many of the flying creatures had begun to flee the moment they saw the dragon. The monsters fleeing the building – four-legged creatures with strong muscles and matted fur – skidded to a stop and tried to evade as Matatabi stepped into their path. Behind Matatabi, the air condensed into a feminine shape. The figment of air moved to attack, freezing as an arm punched through it from behind. Shang Tsung laughed as he drank the green soulstuff of whatever manner of creature it was.

A trio of the fleeing bird creatures careened towards me brandishing axes and spears. Holes opened all around them. The creatures shrieked a high pitched whine as Elemental Fire roasted them alive. When the flame departed, all that was left was a clump of ash to scatter in the wind.

I felt a pulse of magic through the pin in my jacket. The air in front of me distorted. A flash of violent purple light exploded into the space.

Medea's wings caught her as she teleported into the area. Her apparel was different. She'd exchanged her robes for a black dress that hugged her body. She had on an overabundance of makeup that made her look pale and dead. Her lips shone red against the bone-white complexion. She wore a spiked silver crown on her face, the crooked thing suited her well as her murderous eyes scanned the area.

She saw me and relief flashed across her face. She dashed forward and wrapped her arms around me. "You're safe. I'm sorry I'm so late. I should have–"

"It's fine." I cut her off. I leaned down and stole a quick kiss, smiling when she pouted up at me for cutting her off. "I thought it was more serious than it was. Whoever they are seriously underestimated me."

A change passed over Medea as she followed my gaze to the battle below.

Calling it a battle was an injustice. It was a slaughter. Coal's coiled body snapped about fast as a striking viper, pulling targets from the sky and hunting those that tried to flee. Matatabi scattered the ground forces as they tried to muster a counterattack, keeping them on the backfoot. When they inevitably tried to flee, Shang Tsung appeared behind them and drained them, letting their crumpled bodies fall forgotten to the ground.

Another Hole opened next to me. "The situation is under control now. The rest of you can relax. Sorry to bother you."

"But I was just about to make a dramatic entrance with everyone else!" Aqua complained.

"Feel free to come, but the fight is already over."

"It's not fun if we won't be doing anything."

"Then stay home. Actually, do me a favor and check on Latia and Magdaran. They're in the panic room. They might be a little freaked out."

"I'll talk to them."

"Thanks." I closed the Hole.

"Who sent them?" Medea asked, gaze intense.

"I don't know. They set up outside the building while Magdaran, Latia and I were checking it over and attacked without warning. I don't recognize the monsters."

"I do." Medea lifted a finger, indicating each creature. "Harpies. Elementals. Hellhounds. I don't recognize the cloaks the humans are wearing."

"We'll figure out who they're with soon enough."

The fight had wound down. The only ones left were a circle of four mages kneeling on the ground, hands held up in surrender as Matatabi loomed over them, snarling.

I had my prisoners. Now I just had to figure out what to do with them.

A brilliant flash of energy blinded me for a moment. I readied myself to fight before allowing myself to relax.

A woman flew across from me on a pair of devil wings. Her dark hair was done up in twintails that fell on either side of her head. She wore a pink top and skirt cut to show her stomach with white frills on her arms and in her hair. Much like Medea, she was still dressed in the costume she'd been filming in a little bit ago.

I waved as she saw me. "Hey, Serafall."

"Balthazar," she greeted, curt. " I heard you were…" She trailed off as she got a better look around the area. Her eyes narrowed as she took it all in.

The street was more or less intact. There were some chunks missing from the concrete where it had been cratered, but that wasn't too much damage considering a dragon and a Bijuu had come out to play. More concerning was the sheer number of monster and human bodies strewn about the area. The only silver lining was that the area was clear of normals and civilians. Incompetent as this attack showed my assailants to be, at least they cleared the mundane population before moving in.

"Who are they?" Serafall asked, hands curled into fists as she glared down at the captives.

"I don't know. I was planning on asking them that shortly." I said, drifting closer to her on my wings.

Despite the inspiring, frilly magical girl costume she wore, Serafall looked downright murderous as she floated in the air next to me. "Leave them to me." she said.

I frowned. "I wanted to question them." I had three separate levels of subterranean dungeons attached to my castle. I wasn't sure exactly who Medea thought we'd ever store down there, but right now they were just collecting dust. I wanted to justify their existence by actually holding someone hostage. Who better than a group of arrogant mages that tried to kill me?

"I will share everything I learn with you. I don't doubt you, Balthazar, but I've handled things like this before. Ajuka is more creative than you are."

"You're going to give them to Ajuka?"

"Someone just tried to assassinate you. Regardless of how that worked out for them, we will respond."

Medea laid a hand on my shoulder. She nodded at my questioning gaze. Looking past me, she said, "I expect hourly updates on Beelzebub's progress."

Serafall nodded, distracted as she continued to glare at the mages below. "I can't promise hourly updates. Whenever we learn something, you'll be the first people we call. Now, not to kick you out of here, but I've got people coming. They'll secure the area while I deal with the prisoners. Once they arrive, it'll make things easier for me if you weren't here. But before you go, what were you doing here and how did they find you?"

"I was looking at a building with Magdaran and Latia. We were planning to buy it to be a storefront." I said, pointing towards the building in front of us whose front windows had been shattered by beasts fleeing in the wake of my departure.

Serafall's breath caught. "Are they…?"

"They're safe." I assured her. "They're at my castle right now with no injuries. They tried to trap us with a teleportation ward, but that didn't work on me for reasons you're aware of. I pulled us all out of the trap and attacked them from behind after I'd secured Latia and Magdaran."

"Good." Serafall said, relaxing slightly. "Who was selling the building?"

"I don't know. Latia set this up. I'll ask her and let you know what she says."

Teleportation circles rapidly expanded all around us. Ingvild arrived first, dressed in a silver outfit very similar to Serafall's. Then a slew of devils I didn't recognize wearing actual armor and business clothes. Mami was among the new arrivals in a yellow version of the same magical girl apparel.

"I'll take care of this, Balthazar." Serafall said, meeting my eyes as several devils forced the captive wizards to the ground and bound them with restraints. "I'll let you know what I learn."

Part of me really wanted to deal with this myself, but I couldn't deny that I knew nothing about interrogating people. A deeply paranoid part of myself urged me to take the prisoners for myself because devils might be involved, but I pushed that nagging, illogical suspicion way down. Serafall wouldn't let anyone try to kill me right after learning what I could do. If devils assisted with this, it was part of a separate faction.

Once Serafall's people secured the scene, I opened Holes one by one to transport my peerage back home.

When it was just Medea and I left, I looked at Serafall and said, "Don't let any accidents happen. I'm pissed off that people tried to kill me and want to know who it was."

Serafall nodded, serious. "Believe me, Balthazar, I want to know who did this just as much as you do."

A Hole swallowed Medea and I, pulling us back to my castle.

"Balthazar!" Magdaran was rushing over to me, a relieved smile on his face. Aqua and Latia were having a quiet conversation off to the side, interrupted as I appeared. "You're okay! What happened?"

"The people who attacked us aren't a threat anymore. Serafall showed up with a team to secure the area and take the prisoners away. Hopefully she'll be able to learn more."

"The Leviathan was there?" Latia asked, still sounding slightly shaken.

"Yes. Are you both okay?"

Magdaran nodded. "We're alright. Sorry, Bal. I didn't realize what was happening until after you left. I shouldn't have let you go alone."

"It's fine." I said, not holding it against him.

Magdaran wasn't like his brother. He didn't spend every waking moment sparring or training. He spent most of his time in his greenhouses looking at plants. That didn't mean he was incapable of fighting, but he didn't actively seek out combat like Sairaorg did.

"Latia," the girl looked up as I addressed her. "Who owns that building we were seeing?"

Latia's eyes narrowed. "You suspect it was a trap, then? The previous owner was a mortal businessman. The person who contacted me about the property was a real estate contractor for the supernatural. She works for many different organizations. I will try to find out who gave her the job."

Medea perked up suddenly, eyes glossing over with magical light. "I don't believe that will be necessary. Balthazar, will you accompany me?"

I took her hand, looking at Magdaran and Latia. "Stay as long as you need. Call your families to let them know you're alright. Aqua can show you around. Tell the skeletons if you need anything."

Medea reached out with her free hand and touched one of the gemstones fit into the wall. An explosion of colors swallowed my vision for an instant before I was somewhere else.

Dark stone walls. Pure white sculptures. I'd never been here before, but I'd seen it through Medea's scryings. This was the home Idyia had made for herself at the bottom of the lake she'd created in my lands.

Ahead of us, a sofa and chairs were situated surrounding a small table with cups. Two people sat on the sofa. Idyia watched us as we entered, her eyes slowly tracking to the woman seated next to her. The woman stood. I'd never met her, but I was surprised to recognize her. Long pink hair. Pointed ears. A white cloak with feathered wings woven into it. She was the spitting image of her counterpart in the world Medea came from.

"Apologies, Lord Abaddon," Idyia said before the woman at her side could speak. "I would have sought your permission to allow her entry to your lands, but the matter was urgent."

"It's fine." I said, looking at her companion. If the 'matter' was what I thought it was, then I now had a pretty good idea about who just tried to have me killed.

"It's been a long time, Medea." the woman said, a small smile on her face.

"Circe," Medea greeted simply.

Circe stuck out her bottom lip in a pout. "No 'auntie'? I came all this way to visit and it's like you don't even know me."

"Is this a social call, then?" Medea asked, expression guarded.

Circe's vibrant demeanor faded. She wilted in on herself. "No. I came to warn you. Idyia said you all only just returned. I was too late, wasn't I?"

"Not for lack of trying." I cut in. Medea didn't look too happy with Circe, but I doubted she would come here if she was involved in whatever just happened. I turned to Idyia. "May we sit?"

"You are always welcome to make yourself comfortable within my home, Balthazar." Idyia said.

I sat down in one of the chairs. After a moment, Medea joined me. Circe sat back down across from us, her ears were dropped down by her shoulder.

"Please tell me what you know about the people that just tried to kill me." I said.


X


The sun was a powerful thing. It could bring light when all was dark. Banish the cold with its warmth. Provide hope to those in despair. All respected the sun. Those few who did not were burned by its rays, taught the lesson all others had already learned well – the sun was mighty and deserving of your reverence.

For Helios, God of the Sun, this inescapable truth had been tested one time too many in recent days. Better were the years when mortals heaped their worship upon him, begging his power to cultivate their crop and show them the way.

In recent times, too many upstarts felt too comfortable challenging his word. For this reason, he had withdrawn almost entirely from the dealings of the wider world. What few children of his still lived could be trusted to look after themselves. There was no reason to concern himself with matters that did not concern him.

Then it happened. The day was unremarkable. Nothing foretold the coming of the event. He had not even borne witness to it personally. A supplicant showed him the recording of the Devil's Rating Game where, against all odds, his granddaughter returned.

To say the Sun was shocked was an understatement. He had been nearby when Medea died. She had been desperate to flee. In her desperation, she reached out to any who might listen, Helios included. The Sun God descended to the mortal world in his chariot, ready to whisk his granddaughter away from the fate that befell her.

He was too late.

Helios held his share of regrets about his life. His failure to save his granddaughter was one of the lesser ones next to his foolish decision to allow his son command of his chariot. Still, learning she lived was a surprise. Helios reached out to her through the only medium the devils would not take as a declaration of war. He sent her a letter. He wrote his apology for failing her and welcomed her home, urging her to return now that she was able.

Medea's reply was swift and brief.

'Thank you for your invitation. I respectfully decline. I am happy here. I ask that you respect my choice.'

Were the circumstances different, Helios might have believed it. Devils had spent hundreds of years kidnapping the brightest of other pantheons, forcing their Evil Pieces upon them and conditioning them to accept the Hell they had been forced to reside in.

What reason would Medea have to deny him? Happiness in Hell? A laughable sentiment. That devil Abaddon had enslaved one of Helios's line and believed there would be no consequences. A fool, then.

First, he tried diplomacy. That irritating gnat that inherited the Leviathan's seat barred him at every turn. If she would not turn over the head of the devil that slighted him, he would claim it himself.

Helios began his preparations. Irritating though they were, the devils persisted for a reason. They were powerful. No faction would be able to overcome them alone. It would take a united force to dispose of the filth. Alliances with other pantheons were always rife with infighting and opportunism. No one would dare trust another pantheon to fight at their backs while the devils were at their front.

Fortunately, Helios's enemy was not Hell itself, but a single, isolated peon. Balthazar Abaddon had few allies. Those he possessed were young and did not possess much power themselves. That would change soon. His business was too impactful. Helios needed to act quickly.

The Sun God found an unlikely ally in his hatred of the Abaddon. Together, they made a plan. They would first remove the boy's few allies among the Devil Pillars then eliminate the boy himself.

Helios did not know why he trusted the matter to another when he could have dealt with it personally. If he had been in charge of the operation, it would not have been such a dismal failure.

"Boreas!" Helios called out in fury, throwing wide the doors to the storm god's palace. "A simple task I gave you. Your incompetence has rendered our goal that much harder!"

The wind howled in Helios's ears. Storm clouds rumbled overhead, gathered near the roof of the palace. Wind carried mist down, swirling into a tornado. White feathered wings. Hair and a beard of ice. A simple cloth wrapped around his waist. The God of the North Wind appeared.

"Perhaps if your intelligence had not been flawed, the devils would be dead." Boreas countered, his own rage visibly present.

Rays of light exploded from Helios's head in a corona, simmering with his fury. "I arranged for the Astaroth and the Bael brats to be alone in the mortal world, isolated from the protection of their Pillars and of Hell. Your forces had ample time prior to the Abaddon's arrival to dispose of them. Yet they waited. Why did they wait!"

"Absolute secrecy was your requirement, Helios." Boreas countered. "The devils would be dead four times over if you hadn't insisted my forces remove the mortals first."

"And yet, when the Abaddon arrived, rather than retreating and preserving that secrecy, they chose to attack!"

"They believed they had a true chance at eliminating the devil that shamed and destroyed my daughter. The barrier they used should have prevented any method of escape."

"And yet the devils escaped. None of your troops survived to report back. We do not even know if the barrier was successfully deployed or if it was merely as useless as the rest of your aid!"

Lightning lanced down from the clouds ahead, striking the marble to Boreas's side. Energy gathered in his eyes. "You are a guest in my palace, Helios. You will not insult me again."

Helios was not threatened by the minor god thinking himself equal to the Sun, but this infighting served no purpose. "Were all of your forces eliminated?"

The storm in Boreas's eyes dimmed slightly. The rumbling clouds overhead quieted. "I cannot be sure. The elementals serving as my eyes were each found by the Soul Thief Shang Tsung. They were eliminated before they could relay the totality of the situation to me."

"Then they may have taken captives."

"It is possible."

"They must not learn of our involvement. I will deal with this." Helios may have withdrawn from the greater happenings of Olympus, but he kept himself informed of the goings on atop the mountain. He knew many of Athena's spies in Hell. They would answer to the Sun. He would make use of them to ensure neither Boreas nor himself were implicated in this attack.

"I will gather another force, a greater force. Next time, they will be prepared for the Abaddon's arrival." Boreas assured him. The god's body drifted apart, rejoining the clouds above.

Helios turned and left, letting the palace doors shut behind him.

He would need to raise his own force to assist Boreas's. Were Balthazar Abaddon any other devil, eliminating him would be simple. Hole turned any assassination attempt into a maze of complexity. Teleportation took time. Hole was usable instantly.

If he was not struck immediately and from a hidden assailant, the Abaddon could instantly flee to any point in the world. If he chose to stay and fight as he did today, he could summon his peerage and any other allies he had cultivated to his side in a breath. This was a problem. Helios needed to find a way to prevent the Abaddon from using Hole when the time came to finally eliminate him.

There were methods able to seal power. Helios only needed to find one suitable to the devil that was his quarry.


X


It was rare in recent days that Zekram Bael found himself emotional. He was old. He was patient. He had experience dealing with every situation imaginable. Why would he allow his emotions to cloud his judgement when he knew how to bring about his aims regardless of what his opposition attempted?

Some time ago, Zekram had predicted that the first group to move against Balthazar Abaddon in the hopes of eliminating him would be the Greeks. Zekram's estimation was correct. Harpies, hellhounds, elemental spirits, wizards using Greek magic – it was almost insultingly simple to determine where the group came from. Currently, there was no proof concerning who among the Greeks had initiated the attack. That would change soon.

Zekram knew every spy from every faction in the Underworld. When the Greek's agents moved to dispose of the recovered prisoners, his own agents took them down and moved them to Zekram's private estate for questioning. They would tell him who ordered them to silence the prisoners. His agents close to the Satans would tell him what they learned from the prisoners themselves.

Zekram was enraged. It was almost novel. He'd forgotten what it felt like to be so angry.

The Greeks knew the new Abaddon lord was a threat to them. Attempting to eliminate him was expected, respectable even. Zekram needed Balthazar to survive for the Underworld to thrive, so he would protect the boy, but he was not insulted that others sought his destruction. On the contrary, he would be insulted if they didn't.

No. What enraged him, what reignited the fire of wrath in Zekram's heart was how his enemies had decided to target Balthazar. The attack in Milan had not been meant for Balthazar. Balthazar's arrival caused it to fail. Had he not arrived, their true targets likely would have perished.

Latia Astaroth. Magdaran Bael. Magdaran. Bael.

The fools thought to kill his grandson, the heir to his legacy. It seemed those beyond the Underworld had forgotten the power of Bael. Zekram would remind them. He would delight in reminding them. Already, Zekram had summoned loyal peons long left unutilized. A statement would be made.

Zekram truly believed that Balthazar held the potential to become the key to Devil prominence. He needed to buy the boy time to grow. A show of force from the Bael Pillar would work well enough to cow the supernatural into obedience until Balthazar had suitably prepared devilkind for the true war. When the time came, they would be able to wipe every contender believing themselves superior from the world. Devils would reign unopposed as was right.

But first, Zekram had a family matter to see to.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,761 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jul 5, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
22 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Allen1996
 [NSFW] Paradise’s remains( a highschool DxD/RWBY essence Cyoa self insert/ Infernal comedy sequel)
Allen1996 Wednesday at 11:33 Words: 5.3k comment or else comment whore high school dxd
Replies1
Views708
Wednesday at 13:09
Hansgold
Hansgold
Purecrow
 [NSFW] HP/DXD: A Lords Goals
Purecrow Aug 3, 2026 Words: 8.9k 1 2 harry potter au high school dxd elements isekai self insert
Replies47
Views7K
Aug 20, 2026
Purecrow
Purecrow
IdleMuse0307
 [NSFW] Me? Human? Again? Nah, I'd Adapt [Human SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 Jun 29, 2026 Words: 66k 1 ... 25 26 27 dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies796
Views151K
Today at 04:51
JoeSx2790
JoeSx2790
Grademaster
 [NSFW] Gu (DxD AU/Touhou SI)
Grademaster Saturday at 07:41 Words: 38k 1 ... 5 6 7 dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies198
Views25K
Today at 02:00
manatherindrell
manatherindrell
azukugames
 [NSFW] Omni DXD
azukugames May 1, 2026 Words: 9.1k 1 2 ai assisted ben 10 high school dxd
Replies30
Views3K
Sunday at 08:53
azukugames
azukugames
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit



Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Hollow Hope(DXD Self-Insert)
 Thread starterHeWhoMakesTheSunRise  Start dateDec 30, 2024  Tagscrossover elements high school dxd minor au plot before porn self-insert
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks 31
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jul 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,930
Circe wouldn't meet my eyes. "I'm sorry I didn't get here in time to warn you. I didn't know how serious it was until today."

"So it was Helios." Medea said, intense, furious.

Circe nodded, staring down at the table. "Father… He's never been easy to get along with. I heard he met with the Leviathan about you so I went to speak with him. I was turned away. He told me he would deal with the 'insult' Abaddon had made against us."

"I wasn't aware I personally insulted the Sun God recently." I said.

Circe shook her head. "I do not know if he believes Medea was reincarnated against her will or sees the existence of someone with his blood as a devil itself as the insult. Regardless, he seeks retribution."

Off to the side, Idyia made a considering sound. "I would not have accepted the arrangement as easily as I did if my daughter were unhappy or coerced."

"Most still don't know you're awake." Circe said, looking at the goddess seated next to her. "There are some rumors that have cropped up about you being seen with devils. Most dismiss them out of hand as misinformation stemming from the devils reincarnating Medea. I haven't contradicted that thought because I didn't want to disturb your peace. Maybe I could have helped avert some of this if I'd been more vocal about waking you up."

"What exactly are Helios's plans for me?" Medea cut into the conversation, eyes boring into Circe's own.

Circe sighed. "I don't know. He wants you back. I didn't think he would go so far as to attack you. I can see I was wrong about that."

"Is anyone working with him? The monsters we faced were not his typical servants." Medea said.

"I can't say for sure. What exactly did you end up fighting?"

"Harpies. Elementals. Hellhounds. Mages."

Circe turned her eyes to the ceiling as she thought for a moment. "Harpies, mages and hellhounds would listen to him easily enough. The elementals would take some more convincing though." Her eyes widened. "Boreas." she said quietly.

"Runa's father." I said with narrowed eyes.

Circe nodded slowly, eyes unfocused as she thought. "He went quiet after Runa died. He didn't have the best relationship with her after the other Olympians forced her out of the family, but I think he still cared about her. He withdrew into seclusion and hasn't been seen since we learned she died. He might want revenge against you."

I sighed, running a hand through my hair. "So I have not one but two Greek gods who want me dead. And they're working together to bring that goal to fruition."

"Remain focused, Balthazar. A god stands allied to you as well." Idyia said, watching me closely.

I met her eyes and nodded, grateful. If she stood with me against other gods from her same pantheon, that gave me a massive leg up. I also seriously appreciated the loyalty. I'd need her help.

"I don't want to fight gods unless I absolutely have to. Do you think there's a way we can clear this up with a conversation? Is he concerned I'm taking advantage of Medea? Will he back off if he sees that she's here by choice?" I asked Circe.

Circe shook her head. "I don't think so. From what I understand of his motivation, he assumes you've done something to affect her judgement. He doesn't trust her thoughts are wholly her own. Anything you do to show him that she's here willingly will just be more evidence that you've corrupted her."

"And if I show that she is here by choice?" Idyia asked.

Circe sighed, embarrassed. "My father can be arrogant and stubborn when he puts his mind to something. It is why the two of us have not gotten along in recent years. I… I honestly can't say how he'd respond to that. He might agree to leave you be. He might also take it as an insult that Medea joined you without telling him and that the Knowing Goddess would stand against him. His goal might change from securing Medea to soothing his pride."

"So successful negotiations are likely off the table." I said.

Circe nodded, shoulders hunched. "I would prepare for a prolonged engagement. I can try to talk to him, but my father has never been one to quit until his goal is accomplished."

"And how do you fit into all of this?" Medea asked, watching Circe suspiciously.

"I don't understand your question." Circe said, frowning.

"Balthazar is attacked in the mortal world. When we return home you are already here waiting for us. Convenient."

Circe's eyes narrowed. "Have a little more respect for me than that. If I wanted to hurt you, there are much simpler ways I could go about it."

"She is not here to work against us. I would not have allowed this audience if she was a threat." Idyia said, coming to the pink-haired womans' defense.

Circe huffed, offended. "We may not have always seen eye to eye, but I don't want father to kill you. You seem genuinely happy. You found what eluded you in life. I owe it to my brother to do what I can to preserve that."

"I appreciate the information, but I can't imagine you would work with us to openly fight two gods from your pantheon." I said.

Circe shook her head. "I will not fight my father. I will talk to him. I will try to resolve this peacefully. I do not expect I will be successful. Boreas…" Circe's features twisted in disdain. "Whether I intervene or not, he will not stop. You must prepare to deal with him one way or another."

"Can you help in any way?" I asked.

"There is not much aid I can provide that Medea and Idyia cannot. I could help, but I do not want you to kill my father any more than I want him to kill you. I do not expect you would be capable of it, but my judgement has been flawed before."

Medea did not look pleased with her answer. "And Boreas? What shall we do if he attacks us after Helios has agreed to leave us be?"

Circe frowned in thought. Her eyes fell down to consider the table. "There is one thing I could do – an item I could give you. I do not seek to inflame this conflict, only to protect Medea and my father and hopefully prevent any serious fighting between them. I will not take sides. If you desire my aid, I would need compensation for what I would give you. It would allow me to show Olympus I am neutral and only approached you to do business with your company."

"What exactly would you give us?" I asked, interested. I was willing to bet I was rich enough to pay for whatever she was offering.

Circe raised her hand and pinched the air. Before her fingers met, a ray of golden light appeared between them, lengthening into a long rod. Between her thumb and index finger, a radiant golden arrow appeared. The arrow thrummed with power, singing into the air. The magical lights around the area were overpowered as the object bathed our surroundings in a corona of powerful light.

Medea inhaled sharply, surprised. Idyia hummed in consideration at Circe's side. They clearly recognized something more impressive than I did. All I saw was a glowing arrow.

"Is that…?" Medea trailed off.

"Artemis and I are good friends." Circe said, watching the arrow as she spun in between her fingers. Golden energy flittered off the fletches into the air as the arrow spun. "We meet often. Sometimes we simply enjoy one another's company. Other times we play games. I won this from her in one of our games. She stole it from her brother to mess with him and thought it would be amusing if I won it from her before he could take it back."

"An arrow of Apollo." Idyia said, interested. She watched the arrow as Circe played with it, a small smile on her face.

I wasn't the most familiar with divine artifacts. I knew the basics about them. They were obviously inherently better than their mundane counterparts and typically had additional effects. I wasn't read up on my Greek myth outside of what I knew from my first life – something I would need to change now that I was being pulled into conflict with two of the pantheon's gods. I didn't know what Apollo's arrows did, but I knew they would be powerful.

I didn't know the first thing about using a bow, but I didn't think that would be an issue. Medea was staring at the arrow like it held the secrets to the universe. I knew what she could create when she had access to decent materials. She hadn't had the opportunity to show me what she could make when provided divine artifacts.

"What do you want for it?" I asked. With Medea and Idyia reacting the way they were, I was willing to pay just about whatever Circe asked.

"Thirteen each of ingots of mithril, ingots of adamantium, ingots of orichalcum, ingots of platinum, ingots of gold, dragon teeth, dragon scales, vials of the golden elixir created by Shang Tsung, and vials containing the flame you used against Bedeze Abaddon in your Rating game." Circe listed off clinically.

"Why thirteen specifically?" I asked. I would have expected a more easily rounded number.

"She has a plan in mind for what she will do with the items." Medea said. "Thirteen is a powerful number. By only acquiring the specified amount, her creation will be more potent."

My knowledge of witchcraft had many gaps, so I was going to take my Queen's word on that.

Circe was asking for a lot. The gold and platinum was inconsequential. Outside of that, were she speaking to any other supernatural entity, her request might have seemed downright ludicrous. One ingot of any of the other materials she asked for was valuable beyond belief. Scales and teeth from dragons were almost impossible to come by in modern times. Dragons had been hunted close to extinction. The majority of those that survived were so powerful that even gods didn't dare to face them.

It was a good thing I was me. This was pennies as far as I was concerned.

"Will any negative effects befall the dragon whose scales and teeth we give you?" I asked. I could easily fulfill her request, but I didn't want to give away Coal's scales if she was going to use them to make a voodoo doll to harm him with.

"Nothing of the sort. I merely need their properties to contribute to my project. You have my word that Coal will not be harmed in any way." Circe said, sounding a touch offended.

"In that case, you've got a deal." A Hole opened at my side, bringing a large table to my side. More Holes opened, depositing neat stacks of the items she requested. Soon, all that was left was the fire.

"Would you like to gather the fire into vials yourself?" I asked.

Circe nodded, standing from the sofa and walking around the table to where she had more space. She lifted her cloak and thirteen small vials levitated up in front of her. "Please." She said, motioning to the vials.

I opened a Hole to connect me to the Elemental Plane of Fire. Thirteen streams of flame snaked through the air, lazily drifting into the waiting vials. As each filled, Circe placed a stopper over the vial and set it on the table. The flame writhed, restricted within the glass flutes. When all were full, I banished my Holes.

Circe looked over the table laden with the items she requested with a keen eye. When she found nothing to be missing, she nodded, satisfied and turned to Medea. She held out the glowing arrow to my Queen. "I trust you will find a suitable purpose for this, niece."

Medea took the arrow from her aunt, eyes glowing with potential as she looked down at the small object. "I will."

"Good," Circe said. "I will speak to my father. Do not expect a miracle, but there is a chance I can convince him to stay his hand. Boreas will continue regardless of my intervention. Prepare and defend yourselves, but I would ask that you show lenience with Helios. He is…difficult, but I believe his actions are well-intentioned."

Well-intentioned or not, the god had tried to kill me. I wasn't feeling very charitable right now.

"Thank you for your warning, Circe." I said.

"And thank you for your business, Lord Abaddon. I expect I will be able to make something truly great with what you have given me. Thank you for your hospitality, but I believe it is time I take my leave."

"I'll lower the wards to let you depart."

"You have my thanks. Idyia, it is always an experience. Medea, come by my isle sometime. The two of us need to catch up." Energy gathered around the witch. In a flash of magic, she was gone. She'd taken the table filled with her payment with her.

There was a brief silence in the wake of the witch's departure, broken by the gentle song of the arrow she'd left behind. A simple tune, humming into the air in many voices coming together in harmony.

"What do you expect you'll be able to do with that?" I asked.

"I already have several ideas. Unfortunately, they will need to wait. I could use it now, but it would be a waste. I need something else to make full use of the arrow." Medea said.

"What do you need?"

Medea seemed hesitant. She was slow to meet my eyes. "Alphecca Tyrant. I could use the arrow now, but it will be far more beneficial if I enhance it with Sephiroth Graal first. I cannot use Sephiroth Graal until I stabilize it."

I blinked, slightly shocked. "Funny. I was just about to suggest we go grab that."

Medea seemed taken aback. "You were?"

"Medea, I just learned that two gods are after us. Circe didn't seem very confident she'd be able to get Helios to back off, so I'm going to operate under the assumption that he's still coming at us with the intent to kill. We need weapons that can help us fight them off. You told me you can't use Sephiroth Graal until you stabilize it with the Holy Nail. Having access to Sephiroth Graal would make our situation far less dire."

I was just settling into my position in the Underworld, starting to feel safe. Now I learn that two Greek Gods want me dead. Boreas is of more middling power on the divine scale, but Helios is most definitely not. He is one of the stronger gods in the Greek pantheon, not to be underestimated. If we fought them now, we'd probably lose. I needed to secure whatever advantage I could to protect myself and my peerage. Sacred Gears were made to give humans – inherently weak creatures on the supernatural scale – a fighting chance against the enemies that opposed them. Longinus Sacred Gears were said to be able to kill gods, with several named Longinus having successfully done so in the past. I needed some of that power for myself right now.

"An astute position." Idyia commented from the sofa, an approving smile on her face.

"Do you know where Alphecca Tyrant is?" I asked.

Medea nodded. "I've been investigating every Sacred Gear I would need. The only one I have yet to locate is True Longinus."

"The holder is probably hanging around Dimension Lost, so he'll be hard to pin down. You know where Alphecca Tyrant and Incinerate Anthem are though?"

"Both are held by human mages belonging to different organizations."

"Will we have to fight our way through an entire magical society to get to the Sacred Gears?" I would rather avoid creating an incident for Serafall to clean up considering she was already dealing with the fallout from the attack.

"Alphecca Tyrant will be less defended than Incinerate Anthem."

"Do you need Incinerate Anthem to use Sephiroth Graal?"

"No, only to empower it."

"Then let's hold off on getting Incinerate Anthem. I'd rather only create one problem at a time. There's also someone I'd like for you to look for when we get back."

"Another Sacred Gear holder?"

"No, a potential Knight for my peerage."

Medea seemed intrigued. "You've thought of someone else?"

"No. This is one of the people I was considering originally. I decided against it because I didn't think it was a good idea to reincarnate him when the Greeks might take issue. Now I don't care. Hell, he'll probably enjoy throwing down with some gods."

Idyia had been silent, contenting herself to listen to Medea and I. Now she seemed intrigued. "Another from the world you rescued my daughter from?"

I shook my head. "There are some entities there I do not want to mess with. I was only willing to risk the one trip. Aqua locked the door behind me. He's from somewhere else, but everyone will know his name. I didn't want to risk a target on my back by reincarnating him, but since we're already knee deep in enemies, I think he'd be more of a deterrent than anything else."

I turned to Medea, focusing back on the task at hand. "What do you think is the best way for us to get Alphecca Tyrant?"


X


Night had fallen in London. Moonlight shone, reflected off tops of Victorian buildings and gently rippling rivers that cut through the city. Lone figures out past the descent of the sun wandered the streets, keeping to themselves and watching their surroundings close.

Four Devils descended from the sky, cloaked by layers of illusions. I'd debated bringing my full peerage along for this, but stealth was the better option. If we were able to get in and out undetected, we would have next to no issues following this mission. I was hoping things would go according to plan, but we were prepared in case things went sideways. The rest of my peerage were standing by back in Hell, ready to be transported to us should we need them.

Our target was a member of the Golden Dawn, one of the most prominent, if the newest, magician organizations in the mortal world. Medea had researched her extensively after locating her. She was a low-ranking member in the organization but there was evidence that many were watching her and setting her up for rapid advancement. It was good we were acting now. Had we waited any longer she would have been much better defended, deeper within the organization.

Still, we had to deal with other issues approaching her now. Meredith Ordinton, the young woman who possessed Alphecca Tyrant, was a member of Britain's nobility. Her home was protected by ancient wards set in place by her forebears and guarded by its personal guards. There weren't many of them. We could easily overwhelm them, but we were trying to be in and out without anyone knowing we were ever here. Leaving a trail of bodies would work counterintuitive to that goal.

As we drifted down towards the mansion, shadows slowly crawled up streetlights, darkening the road. Medea and I landed away from the door to watch the road. Aqua and Shang Tsung – wearing Aqua's form and making it appear as if there were a pair of shadow-covered twins – approached the door. Aqua twisted her keyblade in the air. A warding rune on the door flashed as Aqua altered it to allow us entry. One by one, we filed into the house.

Aqua and Shang Tsung took the lead, melded into the shadows on the ground, flowing around the interior to map the locations of the guards. Even protected by Medea's illusions, we did not want to risk being discovered.

Medea and I followed the shadows' direction through a kitchen and up a winding flight of stairs to a fourth level. Red carpet heralded our approach as a shadowy hand gently turned the knob of a door at the end of the hall. Medea and I swept into the room the moment it was open, a shadow zipping between us.

The room was lavishly decorated. Tall wardrobes and dressers stood along the walls. Marble busts sat atop pedestals. Paintings of ships at sea and great battles from ages long past hung around the room. In the center along the far wall sat a bed with a frame of acorn colored wood. The bed's occupant was hidden by a velvety purple canopy.

Aqua sped across the ground to the bed, gently parting the canopy as we approached. Behind us, Shang Tsung returned to his normal form as he closed the door behind us, casting more illusions to prevent sound from passing beyond the door.

The canopy parted as Aqua pulled it open. A young woman in an ivory nightgown slept soundly amidst a bed of silken sheets. Auburn hair fell to frame a contented smile as she slumbered.

The moment I saw the girl, I opened a Hole. The girl vanished from her bed, consumed by an orb of darkness.

"You know the plan." I said over my shoulder quietly.

Shang Tsung nodded, moving to the dresser and wardrobe and beginning to sift through the girl's belongings.

Another Hole opened. Aqua, Medea and I stepped through.

We emerged into a grassy plain. Wind swept over the ground, bowing the fields. It was later here than it was where we left. The sun was starting to rise, coloring the sky a soft red.

The girl still slept. Her relaxed expression was gone. Laying unconscious on the ground, her features contorted in discomfort, like she could feel something was wrong.

I motioned Aqua forward. I would prefer we were done with our stated task before the girl woke up and potentially created problems.

Aqua's shadow zipped across the ground. She emerged, keyblade in hand, and stabbed down towards the girl. A beam of golden light lanced into her chest.

Meredith Ordinton's eyes snapped open, frantic. She moved to rise.

Medea's hand gripped her shoulder from behind, slamming her back into the ground. Medea raised a wicked blade above her. "Rule Breaker." The blade descended.

Meredith's eyes shot wide. Her lips parted in a breathless gasp. Her body convulsed as light as pure as an angel's feathers erupted from her chest. A golden circlet with many jewels set into its band slowly rose from Meredith's chest. The moment it was fully free, Medea's hand snapped out and disappeared it into her robes. She stepped back.

Meredith was gasping for breath. Sweat dotted her brow as she rolled to her side, curling in on herself in fear. She was alive. Had Aqua not unbound the Sacred Gear before Medea took it, she would be dead.

"Go," I said to Aqua. She wasn't needed here anymore, and Shang Tsung had no method to transport anything to this place. We were in an entirely separate world than the one we'd left. Among my peerage, only myself and Aqua were able to freely travel across such spaces.

Aqua stepped through a keyhole in the air and was gone.

Meredith seemed to be slowly getting her bearings. She was on her back, eyes darting between Medea and I. She slowly edged backwards away from us. I felt magic channeling.

"If you fight us, you will die." I said plainly.

Meredith froze, intently focused on my every movement, my every word. The girl looked terrified. Not that I could blame her. She'd been kidnapped from her bed, woken up in a random field and had her Sacred Gear ripped out all in the span of a minute.

"I don't enjoy needless murder. That is the only reason you're still alive. Make problems or refuse to comply with my every demand, and I will determine that letting you live is more trouble than it is worth. Am I clear?"

Meredith was trembling, unable to look away from me. "Who…Who are you?"

"A devil." I answered simply. "I have taken your Sacred Gear and brought you here. If you wish to live, you will use the pen and paper provided to you to write a note. You will detail how you decided to run away from your organization and your life for your own reasons. Do this, and I will leave you to make a life for yourself in this world."

"I… What? Sacred Gear? This world?"

Did she not know she had a Sacred Gear? No. She was probably just struggling to keep up with the events transpiring around her.

Medea took a step forward. Meredith flinched, her eyes immediately snapping to Medea.

"You will write a note. You will do it now." Medea tossed a clipboard with paper and a pen towards Meredith.

"I… What do you want from me?" Meredith shakily asked.

"I already took what I need." I said. "The rest of this is to prevent problems for me in the future. I can either kill you and leave your body to be found, or I can arrange things to make it look like you ran away of your own volition. Write the letter." I said, letting my demonic power flare for a moment.

Meredith jolted, eyes wide, manic. With a trembling hand, she picked up the pen. She stared at the paper in front of her, frozen in place.

A tiny keyhole appeared next to my ear. "We have a problem." Aqua's voice spoke through the hole.

I frowned, turning to Medea. "Handle things here." I stepped backwards into a Hole and was gone.

I reappeared in Meredith's room. Aqua stood sentinel by the door, focused, ready. Shang Tsung awkwardly stood over a corpse in red robes whose body looked more akin to a shriveled grape than a human.

I looked at Shang Tsung expectantly.

"He appeared as I was gathering the woman's belongings." Shang Tsung said quickly. "He must have had an enchantment or charm tied to the girl herself. When she disappeared, he came running. I knew I could not let him escape after seeing her gone, so I eliminated him."

This was most definitely a problem. Our plan hinged on Meredith disappearing in a way that made it seem like she'd run away. Then people would be looking for her instead of us, the people who took her. It was impossible to know if this man had told other people that there was something wrong prior to coming to get her or if he'd come alone. Hell, he might have been here to try to kill her and he just so happened to pick the one night where we'd beat him to his target. There was no way to know now that he was dead.

Shang Tsung might have been able to ask his soul, but he'd very clearly consumed it in the process of killing the man. I imagined it would be impossible to converse with half-digested soulstuff.

A Hole opened around the body, sending it away. We'd examine it later, but for now we needed to get out of here.

"Are you done?" I asked.

Shang Tsung nodded. He held up a large backpack. The bag was filled to bursting. Every possible space had been filled. I looked around the room. The bed was made. The dressers were in order. Everything was neatly packed away in its place.

"Good," I said, taking the backpack. "Check everything over one more time then leave. Aqua, transport back home. We'll meet you there when we're done on our end."

Aqua nodded. "We'll see you there."

A Hole opened around me, pulling me back to the field.

Meredith jolted, her breath catching in fear as I reappeared in front of her.

"Is everything alright?" Medea asked.

"Later." I assured her. I walked towards Meredith and knelt in front of her. "Is your letter done?"

With shaky hands, she held a folded piece of paper out to me. Tears were gathering in her eyes. A name was written in swirly script on the parchment's face.

Heathcliff.

Was that a bodyguard? A friend? Sibling? Butler? I didn't know.

I wasn't exactly filled with wonderful feelings in my stomach as I took the letter from her. I knew what we were doing to her was screwed up, but I needed to secure my peerage's future. We were fighting gods and needed the edge. Meredith hadn't done anything to us, so I didn't want to kill her, but she did have to disappear one way or the other if I didn't want even more problems to come from this meeting.

I set the backpack down next to Meredith. She jumped in shock, still full of fear.

"This is filled with your belongings and plenty of supplies. There is a village several miles in that direction. If you start walking now, you should be there before sunrise. I don't expect that anything in this world will be a threat to you, but be cautious regardless."

She had clothes, food, water and a map of the area. Still, I felt it wasn't enough.

Whether to soothe my morality or just to keep her alive, I opened a Hole. A staff, cloak and very light mage armor fell onto the ground.

"That'll keep you alive. I wish you luck, Meredith." I turned around and opened a Hole. Medea fell into step beside me.

"Wai–"

I didn't wait.

Medea and I appeared in Meredith's room. Stopping only long enough for me to place her letter on her nightstand before departing.

We walked through the Hole and I shut it behind us. Meredith would live. We had Alphecca Tyrant. Were it not for the mysterious visitor who'd interrupted Shang Tsung, this mission would have been a resounding success.

"Is everyone alright?" I asked as we returned to the castle.

A series of nods let me finally relax. I had been highstrung the entire night. Things went about as well as they could have, so I was counting it as a victory.

"I would stay to celebrate, but I have work to do." Medea said, excitement evident in her voice as she ran up to me. She pressed her lips into my cheek to give me a brief kiss before scurrying off in the direction of her tower.

I looked around at the rest of my peerage. "Thank you for your help tonight. You're dismissed to do as you will. Shang Tsung, I would appreciate it if you looked at the body a little more closely when you get a chance. I'd like to know what he was doing there." I stepped backwards into a Hole, leaning into a table and crossing my arms over my chest while I settled in to wait.

The door to Medea's lab was thrown open as she rushed inside. She paused when she saw me standing here.

"I don't have any plans for tonight and want to spend time with you. Can I watch while you work?" I asked.

Her face lit up in a wonderful smile as she rushed towards me. She leapt into my arms, wrapping her arms and legs around me and pulling me into a deep kiss. My hands found her legs to hold her aloft as I spun around, pinning her against the wall.

She moaned in contentment before gently placing a hand on my chest and pushing me away. I groaned in disapproval.

"Sorry, honey." Medea said with a teasing smirk. "I really do need to work. You can stay and watch, but we have to save our fun for later."

I nodded, gently lowering her to the ground.

She swept past me. With a wave of her hand, magical lights and fires roared to life all around her workstation. She set Alphecca Tyrant and Sephiroth Graal down on the table in front of her and began prodding them with tools. The holy light from the Sacred Gears made her concentrated face look truly divine.

I walked around behind her and wound my arms around her waist. She tensed for a moment before relaxing into me. I laid my chin on her shoulder and watched her work.


X


Bael.

A name once feared throughout the world. When devils were still struggling to find their unity, That name alone was sufficient to terrify any would-be enemies into compliance. Zekram Bael had personally fought in many wars. Those which were remembered for their scale and those that were spoken of in whispers due to their brutal efficiency and slaughter.

Zekram was older now. He found himself growing to enjoy the finer things. Why would he involve himself personally when his reach was so vast that he could influence far more from behind the walls of his castle than he ever would alone? Every Pillar owed him favors. Many powerful pureblood devils owed him their loyalty. Members of every faction served him in their own ways, be it as spies or openly allied vassals. The memory of Zekram's strength was enough. He didn't need to personally involve himself.

That was his belief. His flawed belief. Zekram's feeble failure of a son had done more damage to the Bael name than he'd expected. The weasel was content to dine the nights away and sleep through the days, content that he was Lord of the Bael Pillar, the greatest legacy in the Underworld. What had he done that was worthy of such a title aside from being born? Nothing. In contrast, he had sinned against the family, driving its reputation so low that an enemy believed a member of the Bael family a suitable target. Not even as a direct attack, but indirectly.

The Greeks wanted Balthazar dead. They sought to eliminate his allies to see that goal come to fruition. They targeted Magdaran not because they believed him to be a threat on his own, but because Balthazar would be weaker without him.

Zekram was already enraged when he heard of the attack. Learning of the reasoning made him downright murderous.

Initially, Zekram planned a proportional response. An attack on his bloodline for an attack on Helios and Boreas's bloodline. The insult of striking Magdaran would cost them three lives from each of their lines. Now? That was insufficient.

The Greeks, the world needed to be reminded of their ancestor's fear of the Bael family. They needed to be reminded of the apocalypse that followed Zekram's every step in days past. They would remember that the Bael family was not a gathering of slothful fools like its present lord, but a force heralding the approach of death itself. Even the reapers would know fear when Zekram was done.

Helios thought to eliminate his grandson as an afterthought? Zekram would take that which Helios prized until only its memory remained.

Thrinacia was an island lush with life. Bountiful trees. Vibrant flowers and fields. Towering cliffs overlooking the ocean. Small in size, but great in influence. Here, Helios's prized cattle grazed, tended by two of his daughters. They themselves were tended to by priests and warriors, all showing difference to the Sun God. The mortal hero Odysseus once came to the island. His men slew a number of the cattle and were consigned to the ocean floor for their transgression.

Zekram would like to see Zeus strike at him with a lightning bolt. He welcomed the challenge.

Horns and bells sounded, splitting the air as Zekram and his host made themselves visible to the denizens of the island below. Alarms, calling the island's defenders to battle against the invading host of demons.

It didn't matter.

With a wave of his hand, Zekram's assembled force fell upon the island. Devils from across the Underworld swarmed the island from all sides, streaking down from the sky like raptors whose talons sought prey.

The island's defenders fought valiantly. Small siege engines were turned to bear, firing columns of enchanted arrows into the sky. Enchanted bows and spears raced towards targets, claiming a respectable number of devil lives. Greek magics sought to hold back the onslaught. Like the tide, Zekram's force was unyielding.

One by one, the defenders fell. Cut down by blades. Blasted apart by spells. Engulfed in devil fire. They were nothing to a host of devils recruited from across the Pillars. Zekram's reach was vast. Many owed him their loyalty. After this display, many more would flock to supplicate before him.

"Lord," a man with silver hair and an excited smirk bowed his head to Zekram, hovering in the air next to him. "My agents have located the daughters."

"You may proceed." Zekram said. His focus was on the island itself, not the spawn of Helios. In arranging this endeavor, Zekram had agreed to allow others to handle them, securing their loyalty for centuries to come while also repaying the Sun God's insult against the Bael name. Zekram was nothing if not efficient.

"Thank you, my lord." The man righted himself before turning to fly down to the island. The current Lord Gamigin was brimming with energy as he descended, flanked by his Knights and Rooks, the only pieces he had used thus far to fill his peerage.

"And I, my lord?" The voice came from a devil to Zekram's other side. He wore a white suit. Short brown hair crowned a thin frame.

"Proceed." Zekram said.

"You honor me, my lord." Lord Naberius bowed his head before following Lord Gamigin down to the island. Far slower, but no less eager.

Zekram observed the following events dispassionately from his point high in the sky. Lampetia and Phaethusa, the daughters of Helios and stewards of the island, were dragged from their humble domiciles and forced to their knees in the middle of a ring of devils. The women's heritage was strong, granting them much power, but it was insufficient to free them from their current predicament. They were nymphs. Not fully divine. They had spent too much time enjoying the comfort and safety of their island. They were shepherds, not soldiers.

Lords Gamigin and Naberius squabbled. They came to an agreement. Each approached a different daughter.

The nymphs struggled, flailing, attempting to flee as glowing chess pieces were summoned by the devil lords. The surrounding devils did not let them escape.

Lord Gamigin took Lampetia. Lord Naberius took Phaethusa.

Their prizes in hand, the Pillar lords withdrew, their forces following shortly thereafter. Only Zekram's personal soldiers remained.

Zekram's men quickly set about gathering the cattle present on the island. They were herded together and teleported away in groups. Zekram would take the cattle to his lands. They no longer belonged to the sun god. Helios had forfeited his claim upon them when he attempted to harm Magdaran. Now, the cattle were the property of Zekram Bael. He would care for them, providing them with caretakers that would watch over them and maintain the flock. The cattle would provide wonderful beef for honored guests Zekram would host in the future. Special occasions only. The Bael monarch did not want to waste his prize.

As the final group of cattle was teleported away from the island, the few remaining devils flew up into the air, gathering behind Zekram.

The beautiful island below was marred by the evidence of combat. Earth upheaved from cratering explosions. The cliffs collapsed where a guard was thrown into the rockface. Trees were still burning after devil fire set them alight.

This island was an eyesore. It had no place in the world any longer.

Zekram raised his arms. Reality splintered before his hands as his power gathered. Eyes closed, breathing deep, Zekram continued to build his power. The devils behind him watched in awe as the sky darkened around their master.

A crackling orb of pure chaos appeared in front of Zekram, growing larger and larger as the ancient devil fed it more power.

Zekram exhaled, pushing the orb forward. The ball of pure destructive power shot towards the island. When it contacted the island's surface, it rapidly expanded, encompassing the entire island and a large swathe of the ocean beyond.

All at once, the orb vanished. The island was gone. There was a hole in the ocean at the perimeter of Zekram's power. Water rapidly rushed together to fill the gap, sending chaotic waves in all directions.

Zekram's work was done. There was no reason for him to remain any longer. He felt the gathering energy of hostile entities teleporting into the area to defend an island already lost.

They were beneath his notice.

Let them live. Let them look upon the nothing where their proud island once stood. And let them remember that Zekram Bael did this to them. Let them spread the word to all who would listen.

The Bael name would be feared again.
Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,511 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jul 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 32
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Dec 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#7,146
The atmosphere was tense. A glass of water sat untouched on the table in front of Serafall. Athena's glass was similarly unused. It had been almost a full minute since their respective retainers left them alone in the room, yet neither woman had spoken. Neither woman had blinked, their gazes locked on each other.

Serafall broke the silence.

"This cannot be allowed to escalate."

"Things have already escalated, Serafall. You have escalated hostilities."

"A viscount, pillar heir and a pillar devil second in line to their house were unattacked unprovoked. The force arrayed against them was an assasination team designed to eradicate them."

"And in response, you deemed it just to eradicate the population of an entire island?"

Serafall's hands balled into fists under the table. "Zekram responded to a threat aimed at his heir without seeking the counsel of the Satans."

"So you are claiming he acted alone? We should forgive this gross overreaction because you are incapable of controlling your pillars?"

"Did Helios and Boreas not act alone? Did Olympus sanction their assassination attempt? Should Hell respond as if Olympus itself ordered the attack on Hell's future leaders?"

Zekram had really put her over a barrel here. When Serafall had originally scheduled this meeting, she'd been prepared to rake Athena over the coals. An unprovoked attack on a lord of Hell and two younger devils, one of whom was the heir to the strongest pillar in Hell? She had a lot of leverage.

Then, not twenty-four hours prior to the meeting, Zekram decides to destroy an island and kidnap Helios's daughters, giving them over to lords of other pillars like objects to reincarnate? The vast majority of Serafall's bargaining power evaporated in an instant following that stunt. Now it was everything she could do to keep this fiasco from spiraling into a full blown war.

To say she was upset would be putting it lightly. She was incensed. Zekram hadn't deigned to inform the Satans of his plans. Following the completion of his task, Zekram retreated back to his estate. Serafall really wanted to bite his ear off about his reaction to the attack, but she was stuck here. She had to trust Sirzechs was sufficiently expressing their shared feelings to his grandfather.

"Olymus did not order the attack on Lord Abaddon and Heir Bael. Helios and Boreas acted alone." Athena practically growled, eyes narrowed.

"Even so, if our positions were reversed and one of Zeus's bastards were killed by a devil, don't try to convince me that he wouldn't attempt to eradicate an entire pillar. Oh!" Serafall adopted a fake smile. "Why, that did happen, didn't it?"

Years ago, the foolish heir to the Eligos Pillar found one of Zeus's bastards in Italy. He sought the recognition that came from slaying a demigod, let alone a child of Zeus. The God of Thunder used the act as justification to kill the heir and his parents, driving the Eligos Pillar to extinction. This happened prior to the creation of the Evil Pieces in the wake of the Devil Civil War. Serafall didn't have the political leverage to make demands of the Greeks, and the devils were already broken by the previous war. They weren't in a position to demand recompense.

The scales had flipped. Now Serafall held all the cards and Athena was on the backfoot.

"That is not the same as–"

"Helios attempted to assassinate Zekram's heir. He responded to that attack. That is the end of it."

Athena was seething. "We demand restitution. The return of Helios's daughters is the least we will accept."

Serafall was really enjoying seeing Athena on the backfoot. Still, it didn't make up for the sheer irritation she felt towards Zekram. If he hadn't reincarnated the nymphs, this would be a lot easier for her to deal with.

"You know as well as I do that they are devils now." Serafall said.

"Against their will." Athena spat. "Our treaty requires any Greeks you poison to willingly accept their place in your infernal peerages."

"Restitution will be paid for two instances of breaching our treaty, but there will be no restitution paid for responding to an assassination attempt against a Lord of Hell and the Heir to the Bael Pillar."

Athena's features cracked. Serafall saw the exhaustion on the goddess's face, at odds with the golden armor she wore, shining bright. "Let's dispense with the posturing, Leviathan. We both want the same thing."

Serafall narrowed her eyes. "And what is that?" she asked carefully.

"To keep this from growing into a war. I don't want to lead my pantheon into Hell any more than you want to assault Olympus."

"Then control Olympus's response. The Satans will assure that Zekram will take no further action against you. No other Pillar will take any further action against you. Let this be the end of it."

"That's not good enough, Serafall." Athena said, eyes hard. "An attack against Greece is an attack against my father. He must respond, or be seen to have responded. Give me something to work with here."

"I already have. The last time we paid restitution for reincarnating anyone was hundreds of years ago. I trust you'll be able to ensure cooler heads prevail."

Athena glared across the table. "That's not good enough."

"You should have considered that before you lost control of Helios." Serafall said, allowing a trace of her irritation to shine through. Zekram wasn't the only one she was pissed at. Helios had just tried to murder Balthazar. Few knew just how damaging his death would have been to devilkind. Serafall was one of the scant few who knew Balthazar's true value. "We maintain our peace by keeping our people in check, Athena. We maintain our peace by leaving each other to our own devices. The moment one side throws that peace out the window and attempts to murder children, things get ugly. Frankly, I'm surprised Zekram stopped when he did. You saw what he accomplished during our wars. I don't care what you have to say or promise, but make sure this is the end of this."

Athena grit her teeth. "I can't."

Serafall narrowed her eyes. "What?"

"Helios and Boreas have disappeared. We cannot get in contact with them. They no longer submit to Zeus's commands."

Serafall could see it was killing the goddess to reveal this. Olympus was seen as unshakeable because the unity of their many powerful gods was absolute. A fracture like this presented an opportunity for an opportunistic faction to strike.

"If they've gone rogue, then cut them loose. Let their actions be their own, and let them bear the consequences alone. If they attack again, we will respond. The only question is, will our response be limited to them?"

Athena was quiet for a moment. "I will speak to my father."

"Good. Then I guess we're done for now. Have your people contact my people when Zeus makes up his mind on what he plans to do." Serafall stood, adjusting her suitcoat as she walked away from the table.

War with the Greeks was not something she wanted. War with anyone was not something she wanted, but she couldn't afford to back down when their people were nearly assassinated in the mortal world. A Viscount, the Bael Heir and the second in line to the Astaroth Pillar were attacked in broad daylight. If they let this slide, more attacks would come.

Serafall was confident in Athena's ability to curb Zeus's more impulsive responses. Hopefully she would be able to get him to stand down. If not, Serafall would have her work cut out for her.

A teleportation circle deposited Serafall into her office. She fell heavily into her office chair and slowly spun in a circle, sighing as a great weight settled over her shoulders.

This was supposed to be her week off. Everything had been squared away to film the first few episodes of Miracle Levi-tan, then this fiasco hit. Now she'd have to reschedule, working around twelve different schedules and call back all her guest stars.

If Helios were standing in front of her, she'd give him a stiff kick in the dick for disrupting her relaxation time. Asshole.


X


"You're amazing." I said.

Medea's lips curled up into a proud smile. The platinum reliquary she held in her hands glowed bright, letting off a glorious silver aura into the air of her lab. Dark gems affixed to the box's exterior glimmered with dark arcane power.

"Praise me more, master." Medea said.

I wrapped my arms around her, pulling her into a hug. "You are beautiful. You are the perfect Queen. I truly have no idea what I'd do without you."

Medea let out a happy humming sound as she lay her head on my shoulder. "You're too kind, master. We both know I would have died alone in the mud without you."

"Maybe, but have I created not one but two new Sacred Gears? No. That was all you, my love."

Medea gently pulled away, a happy smile on her face. "That reminds me. We took Alphecca Tyrant for a reason. Summon your Sacred Gear please, honey."

I held up my hands and a dark staff with a blood-red gem affixed to its tip appeared in my hands.

Medea pursed her lips. "Make it into a spear please."

The staff's haft slimmed down as it grew in length. The dark metal dulled into a glistening silver as my Sacred Gear changed into its spear form.

"Hold it still." Medea said, features growing focused. She held out her right hand and closed her fingers down around nothing. A point of golden light exploded into being. A glowing arrow held clasped in her hand, the arrow of Apollo we'd traded from Circe.

Medea held the reliquary in her left hand. The lid of the box opened. In a flash of pearl-colored light, a gold, gem-encrusted crown appeared atop Medea's head. A jeweled cup slowly drifted up out of the reliquary.

Medea's lips were pulled into a thin line; her eyes were intently focused. She brought the golden arrow down atop the point of my spear, gently pressing it into the metal.

I hissed quietly as the divine arrow brushed my skin, leaving a minor burn in its wake, but I did not move for fear of interrupting Medea's work. Evidently, Greek divinity did not like mixing with things that weren't divine. Or maybe Apollo's arrow just had a problem with me specifically. Who was I to know?

Medea began chanting arcane words. The silver glow of the reliquary in her hands dimmed, overtaken by the dark light emanated by the gems. Lines of magical light connected the crown she wore to the cup floating above the box, then to the arrow in her hand, then to my spear.

Medea's chanting grew louder. The dark glow became all-encompassing. I had to look away and close my eyes as a flash of violet energy exploded where our hands met.

I felt the magic in the air waning. Medea's chanting stopped, replaced by shallow panting as she caught her breath. When I looked at her, the crown was back in the reliquary. The cup was slowly drifting down to join it. The box closed and sealed when both artifacts were secure. With a flick of her wrist, Medea sent the Sacred Gear away.

"Is it done?" I asked.

Medea smiled knowingly, looking at the tip of my spear. "You tell me."

I followed her gaze, inhaling sharply in surprise.

The tip of my spear, once silver, now glowed gold as if a conduit of the sun itself. I felt the power flowing from the spear.

"What does it do?"

"It is now imbued with Apollo's power over life, famine and pestilence. We'll have to experiment to ascertain the limits of what that means."

"Have I mentioned recently that you're amazing?"

Medea laughed, a beautiful sound like a bright bell. "Yes, but it bears repeating."

My spear vanished. I reached out and pulled Medea to me, capturing her lips in a kiss. Her hand found the back of my neck, greedily pulling me down to her.

When we parted, I said, "Thank you, Medea."

"Whatever I can do to aid you, master. I'm yours forever."

I stole another kiss, enjoying the feel of her against me.

A ping through the wards had us fly apart, on guard before we slowly relaxed.

"Roygun." Medea said, her eyes glowing violet as she looked through the eyes of her familiars.

"Is she alone?"

"No. Her Queen is with her. They have just entered our lands. They are walking along the road. It will take them some time to arrive."

"I'd rather deal with this now if that's alright?"

Medea nodded. "I would as well. We can celebrate our Sacred Gears later tonight when we go to bed."

I grinned, pulling her close to press a kiss into her cheek. "I'll hold you to that."

A Hole opened around us, pulling us down to one of the castle's many dining areas. Skeletons and golems were already setting the table for four.

A Hole opened across the table from us.

"There's no point in walking the full gambit. Come in, Roygun." I called through the Hole.

Several seconds later, two figures stepped through the Hole. Roygun's pink hair spilled over her shoulders down past simple blue armor. Her two tan horns stood up from her forehead as she smiled at me. "Thank you for the invitation, Balthazar. I apologize for arriving unannounced." She looked to her side. "Allow me to introduce my Queen. This is Severance Valak."

"My lord." Severance said, bowing her head. Dark hair fell low past her shoulders, framing a regal face with high cheekbones. Yellow eyes slitted like a snake's watched me cunningly.

"It's good to meet you, Severance. I've heard a lot about you." I said, nodding respectfully.

Roygun smiled knowingly. "Researching my peerage before our match, I would assume?"

"I would be a fool not to. Please, both of you sit." I motioned to the open chairs in front of them as I sat down next to Medea.

Skeletons set refreshments down in front of us to make my guests more comfortable. When they left, I spoke.

"What brings you to my lands, Roygun?"

She smiled shyly. "Once more, I apologize for approaching you like this. I did not have any more conventional means to contact you without going through an intermediary. I wanted this discussion to stay between us."

"I'll be sure to give you my phone number before you depart. Now what brings you here?" I repeated.

"We are scheduled to meet in a Rating Game next week." Roygun began. "I heard of the recent attempt on your life. How are you by the way? Have you recovered well?"

"There wasn't much to recover from. The assassins greatly underestimated me. Things might have gone far worse if they had known who they were facing."

Roygun let out a relieved breath. "I'm glad. If there is anything I can do, please let me know. That… That brings me to my reason for coming here today. In light of recent events, if you wish to reschedule our match, merely say the word. A friendly bout should not take precedence over genuine threats to one's safety."

I looked at Medea questioningly. She raised an eyebrow at me, letting me take the lead.

"I appreciate the offer, Roygun. I'll need to get back to you if that's okay. Serafall is currently meeting with Athena to try to resolve things. Depending on how that meeting goes, my answer might change."

"Of course. Call me when you have an answer. My schedule is open for the foreseeable future. I can accommodate whatever date works for you. If there is anything you need from me to help you deal with current events, let me know."

"I appreciate the offer, Roygun."

We exchanged contact information and Roygun thanked me for the refreshments, citing some other obligation as her reason for her rapid departure. I opened a Hole back to Lucifaad for her and she departed with her Queen.

In the wake of their departure, I turned to Medea. "What do you think?"

"She was genuinely concerned about you. That was obvious enough. The offer to help was genuine as well."

"I was thinking the same. What about rescheduling the Rating Game? What are your thoughts?"

Medea pursed her lips. "There are positives and negatives. We would have more time to deal with my grandfather, but we do not know when he will act again. So soon after his failed attempt, I expect he will wait for another opportunity to present itself. If we proceed with the Rating Game, it will allow us to show off our new strength, potentially preventing him from gathering other allies."

"We'd also be revealing our hand though. Part of the reason the last attack failed was because they didn't know what I could do. Having a Rating Game will show them more of what we're capable of."

"Then we refrain from showing everything we are capable of."

I raised an eyebrow. "You want to fight Roygun's peerage, the second ranked in the Underworld, while holding back?"

Medea grinned. "It certainly sounds fun, doesn't it? There are far fewer stakes on this match than our previous bout against your bastard uncle. Why not enjoy it?"

I couldn't really fault her logic.

"Okay," I said. "Depending on how Serafall's meeting went, we'll try to keep the date the same. If we're trying to show off though, there are some things we need to do first. I'd like to go in with a full peerage if possible, and I need to take a trip with Keno."

Medea nodded knowingly. I'd already discussed this with her. "I will begin scrying for peerage members. I will hopefully have a location by the time you return with Keno."

I leaned in and stole a quick kiss. "Thank you, Medea. You're amazing."

A Hole pulled me away, but not before I saw the smile and blush coloring her cheeks.


X


"How are you settling in?" I asked Keno as we walked side by side through the halls of the castle.

"Well. Aqua has been very helpful. Thank you for the rooms you gave me. They're… really nice." Keno said, sounding as if she didn't quite know what to say.

"You can relax, Keno. I'm not going to bite your head off for saying the wrong thing."

Keno hunched in on herself. "Sorry. I'm…overwhelmed. I haven't been around this many people in a while."

"That's okay. Just take it one step at a time. If you need your space, just say so. Aqua won't be offended. She'll understand that more than anyone."

Keno scowled at nothing. "Do you need my help dealing with the assassination attempt?"

The sudden topic shift came out of nowhere, but I was socially apt enough to drop a topic when someone clearly didn't want to discuss it.

"No. That's not why I came to get you. I was hoping to help you out with something. You have a Talent, don't you?"

Keno missed a step. She stumbled a moment then hurried to catch up with me. "I… I do. I can copy any spell I see used. I can't use it anymore though." She sounded sad, as if discussing a lost friend.

"I'm hoping I can help you with that."

Keno looked up at me, confused. "How?"

"You can't use it because the spell was keeping you alive, right? That isn't a problem anymore. I reincarnated you into a devil. You still have your abilities as a vampire, but you are a devil now as far as your race is concerned. Letting go of the spell won't kill you."

Keno stopped walking. Her eyes were wide. Her already pale features had drained of even the faintest trace of color.

"I…" Keno frantically looked around, hands grasping at the air. She turned to me, looking up at me with desperate eyes. "The spell… It's too powerful. I can't…"

I smiled, nodding. With a wave of my hand, a Hole swallowed us, pulling us away.

Keno let out a surprised shriek, falling a few feet before instinctively catching herself with her new wings. Evidently, she still wasn't used to being able to fly without magic.

I drifted down next to her, casting a minor charm to fight off the heat. The sun above us beat down mercilessly. The air temperature was near boiling. Beneath us, there was nothing but barren dirt and sand. It was too hot here for anything to live.

"There is no life here, Keno. You can let go of the spell without worrying about hurting anything." I said. I'd scouted this world specifically for this purpose.

Black energy gathered in Keno's hands. Her features twisted in hatred as she thrust her hands towards the ground, letting out a pained shriek like the wail of a banshee. A wave of pure darkness expanded out from her in a cone, roiling over the sand like an all-consuming wave of death. The spell found purchase on nothing, but still continued. Echoing ever outward, searching for anything to consume.

I didn't know if the spell would turn around and come back for us. I didn't give it the chance. A Hole pulled Keno and I away from that barren world. I made a mental note to have Aqua lock that connection away later.

Keno stood on weak legs in the hall of the castle we'd just left.

"Keno?"

Keno's knees shook. She fell to the ground. Tears streamed from her face as she sobbed.

"Keno!" I knelt next to her, running a hand over her shoulder.

She leapt at me, winding her arms around my neck and clinging to me. She buried her head into my shoulder and wept. "It's gone!"

I ran a hand through her hair. "Yes, it's gone. It's okay." I said, quietly.

"Thank you." Keno said through trembling lips.

I held her as she worked through her emotions, desperately pinging Aqua and Irene through the wards, begging them to get here so someone more qualified could help Keno.

Aqua arrived in under a minute, wrapping her arms around Keno from behind. Irene arrived later. When she saw the state Keno was in, she shuffled over and gently pried her off of me, whispering sweet nothings to her as she carried her away. Aqua walked with them, rubbing gentle circles on Keno's back.

I stood there dumbly, not sure exactly what I should do. I hadn't expected such a reaction from Keno. Then again, that spell had eradicated her entire race hadn't it? I really should have thought that through more.

I needed to do something or I'd just keep kicking myself for how poorly I handled that.

Luckily, Medea chose that moment to let me know she'd found one of the locations I'd asked her to look for.

I told her what happened to Keno then whisked myself away. I was less than useless here. Might as well do something productive.


X


The Underworld was not so grand as the stories made it out to be. Great? Yes. Terrible? In its own way, it was. When one spent long enough in the land of the dead, they came to know it was just another world. Different from the world of the living, but not some unknowable land forever filled with danger.

The dangers of the Underworld were different from those of the living world, but one could come to know them and even fight them with enough time.

He had spent so long walking these lands that little surprised him anymore. The guardians that stood at the different layers of the Underworld knew from experience that they could not bar his passage. That did not stop them from trying. It was good their deaths were not permanent in this place. He had grown to enjoy his conversations with the stewards of Asphodel.

Novelty was a rare thing after so long spent among the dead. When a mortal son of the Sea God entered the Underworld, He had to see it for novelty's sake if nothing else.

He imparted his warning, his wisdom. The young boy did not heed it as the young are wont to do. The boy surprised him by rising from the Styx and returning to the waking world. The trip to speak to him was certainly worth it to witness this one leg of that boy's journey if nothing else.

"May I join you?"

The specter looked to his side. A young man stood at his side, asking to share the rock he sat on. The man had golden hair. He wore a red suit. He was alive, but he felt…strange.

This novelty was certainly worth investigating.

"Please," the specter said, motioning for the man to sit.

"Thank you." the man sat next to him.

Two figures sat and watched the slowly flowing River Styx. One, incorporeal, a ghost, a shade. The other, sturdy, alive, strange.

"It's mesmerizing." the young man said.

The shade smiled. "It is, isn't it? One can sit at the bed of the Styx and watch its passing for years without marking the passage of time." He would know. It had happened to him on more than one occasion.

There is so very little to do in the land of the dead to occupy a spirit such as him. He'd conquered every challenge the Underworld had to face ten times over. He'd seen every corner of every layer. Other shades found contentment in the afterlife. For him, there was only the wandering, a search for some new purpose to occupy the next hundred years.

"My name is Balthazar." the man said.

"Well met, Balthazar. I am Achilles." the shade responded.

Balthazar smiled. "I know. I came here to meet you."

Achilles looked at the man in a new light. "You braved the Underworld to meet a man who died thousands of years ago? Many make the journey to the land of the dead to reunite with a lost love or to seek their fortune and power. Few seek a conversation."

"I guess that does make me a little weird, doesn't it?" The man frowned, eyes darting around. "Achilles, would you mind if we continued this conversation elsewhere? It seems I have attracted some unwanted attention."

A high-pitched screech reached Achilles's spectral ears. Now he understood what spooked the young man. The Underworld's soldiers had found him.

Seeing no reason to deny Balthazar's request, he said, "Lead the way, my young friend." This conversation was already more interesting than most he'd had in the last ten years. It was shaping up to be the highlight of his century.

Balthazar waved his hand. Achilles took an unconscious step back, falling into a ready stance as a point of darkness appeared before him, growing to the size of a man. He tilted his head as he watched Balthazar step into the darkness and be absorbed by it. "That's fascinating."

Achilles laid a hand loosely on his sword, sheathed but ready, and stepped into the darkness.

"Thank you for joining me." Balthazar said with a smile.

Achilles looked around, observing the eternal darkness surrounding them. "What is this place?"

"To explain, I will need to reintroduce myself." Balthazar bowed. Two large wings like a bat's shot forth from his back. As he righted himself, he said, "I am Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, Lord of the House of Abaddon. I am a devil. The space we are in is a result of the Abaddon family power Hole. I am able to create pockets of space linked to various locations."

Achilles looked over the devil, taking in his wings, his perfect appearance, the power he wielded so effortlessly. "Well met, Viscount Balthazar Abaddon. You'll forgive me if I don't bow."

Balthazar laughed. "I'd be offended if you did. Please, just Balthazar."

Achilles smiled softly. "Balthazar then." Achilles walked up to the edge of the space and gently rapped his knuckles against it. The wall felt strange, like a loose canvas pulled taut into a drum. "Why did you come to speak with me, Balthazar?"

"I will get right to the point. I am not from this world. The devils of my world created a means by which to reincarnate other species into devils. I want to reincarnate you into a devil and take you back to my world."

Achilles stopped his pacing, turning his full attention towards Balthazar. "A new world? What is this world like?"

"It is similar to the world of the living in the present day, but different in many ways. The pantheons of the world are far more active, able to work without much oversight."

"The modern world? Not the world I died in?" Now that was an interesting prospect. Achilles had longed for a chance to see the new world with his own eyes, not just through the stories of the recent dead. And a world none of them had seen? That was an even more attractive prospect.

"No. A modern world. As I said, it will not be identical, but it is very similar. I want to reincarnate you as my Knight." Balthazar held up a hand, and a glowing red chess piece appeared atop it. "This is a mutation piece, a special variant of the artifacts we use to reincarnate people that is more powerful than the others. It will greatly increase your speed and agility. It will also bind you to me. You will be my subordinate for your eternity as a devil. I warn you–"

"Are there many wars in the world you come from?" Achilles interrupted, eyes gleaming. Yesterday, he'd been aimlessly wandering, seeking anything that he hadn't seen or fought before. Now, here before him, a devil offered to take him to an entirely new world filled with never seen challenges and dangers, to allow him to live once more so he might face the world anew. He was much wiser than when he lived the first time. He would not make the same mistakes that even now he regretted, if only he was given the chance. This devil was offering him that chance. The mere thought was nearly enough to set his dead heart beating.

"I–" Balthazar seemed taken aback. "There were a number of devastating wars several hundred years ago. The Supernatural has been recovering since they ended. Things have been relatively peaceful for some time, but tensions are escalating again. I am the center of a growing rift between the Greeks and the Devils. We are trying to resolve things peacefully, but it is likely I will be facing both Boreas and Helios. If we are able to avoid that, I can guarantee there will be opportunities to fight. The Devils have created something we call Rating Games where we face each other in combat. I am actually scheduled to fight one of the strongest devils competing in a week. But I need to tell you–"

"How do you reincarnate me?" Achilles asked, walking towards the devil, a grin unmoving from his face. For the first time in centuries, he felt hope blooming in his chest.

Balthazar frowned. "Achilles, you need to know, this is permanent. Devils live forever. You will be bound to me for all time. Many devil kings do not treat their peerages well."

Achilles chuckles. "How is that any different from a mortal king? Many are tyrants who abuse those beneath them. If you serve such a tyrant, it is your duty to make your own path, regardless of what they say. If you mistreat me, I will simply not fight for you. Will you mistreat me?"

"I… Never. I treat my peerage as family. You have my word."

"You have never broken your word that I know of, so I will accept it. Show me this new world. Let me live again. Allow me to fight challenging foes. Do these things, and I will serve as your loyal Knight. You have my word."

Balthazar's mouth opened and closed dumbly. He tilted his head, as if he was seeing Achilles for the first time. He smiled and began to laugh. "Achilles, I think you and I are going to become good friends."

"To a long and fruitful friendship then!" Achilles held out his hand. Balthazar went to clasp it, but his hand passed through Achilles's ghostly fingers.

Frowning, Balthazar lifted the Knight piece towards Achilles's chest. "You're sure?" he asked.

Achilles rolled his eyes. "You're a hesitant one, aren't you?" Achilles stepped forward. His chest phased through the Knight piece and Balthazar's hand.

Achilles's eyes shot wide. Aches he hadn't felt in thousands of years returned. The feel of the air, long forgotten, assaulted his skin. He inhaled, smelling the faintest trace of ash on Balthazar's clothes. Achilles smiled, then he laughed, loud and boisterous. He was so elated to feel alive, he didn't even notice the two wings spring forth from his back.

Achilles held his hand out again. "Achilles, son of Peleus at your command, my king."

Balthazar smiled, heavily clasping Achilles's hand. "Viscount Balthazar Abaddon at your service, Achilles. Please, just call me Balthazar."

"Until you break your word to me, 'my king' will suffice, I think."

Balthazar shook his head, a smile still fixed on his face. The darkness around them faded, giving way to a grand hall reaching high into the air. Opulent chandeliers hung from the ceiling. Precious gems decorated stone walls. Suits of elaborate armor stood sentinel around the perimeter.

Balthazar threw his arms wide. "Welcome to Castle Abaddon, Achilles. Welcome to your new home!"


Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, everyone!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,725 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Dec 27, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 33
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,323
Achilles was loving the tour of the castle. He was full of questions, pointing out everything of interest to him and wanting to know all about it. 'What material is that chandelier made from?' 'What magic causes that stone to glow?' 'How did you come to possess skeletal servants?' I patiently answered everything he asked me. A smile stayed fixed on his face throughout.

"I think that's enough for now." I said at length. We'd arrived in the wing of the castle I'd marked off for his rooms. "Allow me to show you your quarters, then I'll leave you to get settled in."

Achilles followed behind me, pausing for a moment, listening. He turned around. I followed his gaze and smiled. A woman in purple robes was following us down the hall.

"Medea," I greeted.

"Master," my Queen returned, though her focus was on my companion.

"Medea, meet Achilles, my new Knight. Achilles, meet Medea of Colchis, my Queen and second in command." I quickly introduced them.

"Welcome, Achilles." Medea said. "Your father was a great man and a greater friend. I expect we will get along well."

Achilles watched her closely. "I have heard many stories of you, Medea."

Medea smiled, amused. "I imagine few of them were pleasant. I will just have to change your estimation of me then. I believe arming you would be a good start, no? Come, I will have you fitted for armor and weapons in short order."

Achilles looked down at himself. He still wore the simple grey robe that had appeared around him upon his reincarnation. A sturdy, though plain, sword was sheathed on a belt at his waist. "I would appreciate new armaments. I was unable to bring those I had in life with me to the Underworld. I would also like an opportunity to stretch my legs. It has been too long since I fought a true battle."

Medea chuckled, shooting me a knowing look. "I am sure Coal would be more than willing to assist our new Knight."

"Coal?" Achilles said, shooting me a questioning look.

"One of my Pawns. Before he became a devil, he was the Colchian Dragon that guarded the Golden Fleece." I clarified.

Achilles froze. A grin slowly spread across his face. His breathing picked up, excited. "Forgive me, Medea, but might I be fitted for armor after I face Coal?"

Medea nodded easily. "Of course. I can begin without you present. What weapons would you like me to begin working on?"

"A spear, a sword, a dagger and a shield if you would. Where might I find Coal?"

Grinning, I held my hand up to my mouth. A small Hole opened in my palm. "Coal? You feeling up to a spar?"

"Always, master! Are you trying to stretch your legs?" came Coal's eager reply.

"Not me. Our newest Knight. Achilles expressed interest in training after so long in the Underworld."

There was silence on the other side of the Hole.

"Coal? Are you still there?" I called out, confused.

"Master… Is this Achilles the Achilles?" Coal asked, awe in his voice.

That's right. I hadn't told Coal who I was going to recruit. Not through any intention to keep information from him. He'd just been out with Aqua when Medea and I were planning things.

"He is." I confirmed.

"Can I go get Regulus first? It'll only take a minute. Aqua can transport us."

I pursed my lips. I really didn't want the fact that I had Achilles in my peerage to get out before the Rating Game.

"Who is Regulus?" Achilles asked.

"The Nemean Lion." Medea supplied helpfully.

Achilles's teeth were practically shining with how bright he was smiling. I couldn't take this away from him. He seemed way too excited.

"Fine." I said. "But make sure Regulus knows he can't tell anyone outside of Sairaorg's peerage about Achilles. We're trying to keep him a secret for now."

"You got it, master!" came Coal's excited reply. "Tell Achilles I'll meet him in the Coliseum in a few minutes. Aqua! Aqua, where are you!" I heard crashing through the Hole as Coal ran off to find Aqua. I closed the Hole.

"You remember how to get back here, right?" I asked Achilles.

He nodded, distracted.

"Alright. Your rooms are right over there. They should have everything you need. If you're missing anything, either tell one of the animated armors or press one of the stones in the walls and say either my name or Medea's. We'll get whatever problem you have sorted out. Coal will meet you in the coliseum in a minute. There's plenty of weapons and armor in the armory there. Feel free to use whatever you want." I opened a Hole. "This'll take you right to it. I'll…see you later." I finished lamely. He'd practically leapt through the Hole the moment I told him it would take him to battle the Colchian Dragon and the Nemean Lion.

Medea chuckled to herself. "I believe he will fit in well around here."

"I hope so. He's stuck with us forever. It would be a shame if we didn't get along." I said.

"Only one left to recruit now. Are you still intending to find someone before our Rating Game with Roygun?"

"That's the hope. I have someone in mind if you'd be willing to look into them?"

"Of course."

"Thanks, Medea."

Music started playing. It took me far too long to realize my phone was ringing. I used it so rarely that I'd forgotten what the ring tone sounded like.

"Hello?" I said as I picked up.

"Are you busy?" a very tired sounding Serafall said.

"Not at the moment. What can I–"

"Come to my office." The line went dead.

"Trouble?" Medea asked, frowning.

"I'll let you know when I figure that out. Can you make sure Achilles gets settled?"

She nodded. "Leave it to me. I'll make sure everything is to his liking when I deliver his weapons."

"Thanks, Medea. I don't know what I'd do without you." I leaned in and stole a quick kiss, then stepped backwards into a Hole.

Serafall's secretary waved me through the second I walked through the doors. It was a short trip up to her office. I knocked on the door and it swung open to allow me inside.

Everything was the same as the last time I'd been here. Everything save Serafall herself. The last time I'd been in her office, she hadn't been laying on her back atop her desk with her eyes closed and a stack of papers under her head as a pillow.

"Serafall?" I said, hesitantly stepping closer. "Everything alright?"

"No." she said, eyes still closed. "Everything is not alright. I have spent the last fourteen hours sprinting between meetings and phone calls trying to avert a war. I am tired. I am pissed off. And I'm not even supposed to be here!" she sat bolt upright as she finished, hair flying wildly around her, eyes murderous. "I took the whole week off to shoot my show! Then some Grecian dumbass tries to kill a bunch of way too important devils! Then a bigger dumbass goes and blows up a fucking island!" Serafall rounded on me. I froze in terror underneath her gaze.

"You!" she snarled, jabbing a finger at me.

"What did I do!" I tried to sound dignified when I said it. It came out as more of a squeak. Serafall could be downright terrifying.

Serafall levitated off her desk, hair floating around her shoulders. The air shuddered as she drifted towards me. "You are going to take me on a nice vacation somewhere where I don't have a cell signal, and you are going to do it right now. Okay? Consider it thanks for dealing with all of this bullshit on your behalf."

"Um… By no cell signal, do you mean…?"

"Anywhere other than here." Serafall growled.

"Copy that. Anywhere else, coming right up." I connected to Bedeze's King Piece and opened a Hole to the first world that came to mind.

Serafall stomped past me through the Hole. I followed, sedated, behind her. I emerged onto a dirt road in the middle of a forest.

Ahead of me, Serafall let out a long sigh, as if she'd just escaped a load greater than that of Atlas. She fell to the ground on the side of the road and just lay there, breathing deep with her eyes closed.

"Um… Serafall?"

"Sorry for being a bitch." she said, voice quiet. "I'm just really overworked and needed to take an hour or so to myself. Every time I tried, some asshole would burst into my office or light my phone up until I answered. Most of it turned out to be pointless nonsense. You're my excuse to not talk to people right now. If anyone asks, I interviewed you about your experience during the attack."

"Copy that." I said easily, relaxing now that I realized I wasn't the person that had managed to piss her off. She was just venting frustration.

Serafall let out another long sigh, then slowly forced herself up into a sitting position. Eyebrows furrowed, she looked around. "Where are we?"

"Faerun, a little outside of Neverwinter. This is the first place I took you."

"The place where all your mines are?"

"That's the one. They aren't all here, but the vast majority are."

"Do they have wine in Faerun?"

"They have just about every liquor you've ever heard of and a fair few you haven't."

"Good." Serafall stood, dusting herself off. "Let's go find some."

"Don't you have to go back to work after this? Is day drinking really–"

"I'm a Satan! One drink isn't going to ruin me, Balthazar. Now hurry up and show me to a bar!" She started walking down the road.

"The city's in the other direction." I called after her, an amused smile on my face.

Serafall spun on her heel and started marching the other way. I fell in beside her.

"How far away is it?" Serafall asked.

"A fair distance. I can get us to the treeline with a Hole. From there, the city will be in sight. It'll still take a bit to get inside. We could just turn invisible and fly over the wall if you want?"

"Whatever gets us to a bar fastest." Serafall said.

I opened a Hole in front of us and cast a minor illusion charm over us as we passed through the Hole. Our wings caught us as the Hole dropped us in the air.

Serafall let out an appreciative whistle. "This is a massive city. I think I remember you saying their technology was still in the middle ages, right?"

"Yes and no. The magic makes things weird. Certain factions are more advanced than others, but the overall throughline is roughly equivalent to our middle ages."

"Is this a capital city then? A London equivalent maybe?"

"Again, yes and no. They don't have a good estimation of our empires. Well, they do, but… I could spend a full three hours discussing this."

"Do you see me complaining? Learning about another world sounds like a great way to get my mind off the shit storm I've been dealing with."

I shrugged, resuming my general overview of the Sword Coast's city states and the empires beyond.

We touched down in an alley that smelled like piss and feces. We quickly stowed our wings and dismissed the illusion covering us so we could walk out into the street to get away from the smell. The thoroughfare was filled with people moving about their daily business. Humans, halflings, elves, dwarves, tieflings, even an orc – all manner of races were present here. Serafall and I drew a lot of curious looks as we walked the street. It took me a moment to realize the clothes we were wearing were very out of place. I could have fixed it with an illusion, but Serafall didn't seem to mind, and I didn't care much either.

"Are those demons? Just…walking around?" Serafall asked, confused. She was eyeing a pair of red-skinned tieflings walking arm in arm down the road across from us.

"Tieflings. They technically aren't demons. They are either descendants of demons or descendants of people who had dealings with demons. This world has some…interesting facets in that regard. There's something I've been meaning to talk to you about actually, but I don't have enough information on it yet."

She raised an eyebrow at me. "Sounds interesting."

"When I know more, I'll let you know."

She shrugged. "Fair enough."

Medea and I had discussed it at length. Letting at least Serafall know about Vellia would likely lead to more advantages than liabilities. Showing the Satans undeniable proof that this world could help devils maintain their clan traits would instantly make me that much more vital of an asset to them. It would also hopefully lay the groundwork for their assistance in starting a branch of the Abaddon family with Vellia at its head if I decided to go through with that in the future. They couldn't help me navigate that political minefield if they didn't know what was going on.

We wandered for a few minutes, looking over the various shops lining the street. Candle makers, textiles, a cobbler – stores one would expect to find in a medieval city.

"Okay," Serafall spoke up after several minutes spent wandering. "I'm ready to find a bar now."

I paused in the center of the square, looking around. "I actually don't know where one is."

Serafall scowled. She scanned the crowd, picking out a random human. "Excuse me?"

The man had dark hair and was wearing a simple green tunic, patched in places to fill in holes. His eyes widened as Serafall approached him. He hastily bowed. "How can I assist, milady?"

"Milady?" Serafall muttered, confused. Shaking her head, she said, "Where's the nearest place a girl can get a drink around here?"

"The Tipsy Troll is a short walk down this road, milady." the man said, eyes trained on the ground.

Serafall lightly patted him on the shoulder, causing him to flinch. "Thanks for the help." We started walking in the indicated direction.

"That guy seemed like a spooked rabbit." Serafall said quietly.

"He probably thought you were a noble. We are dressed fancy and weird compared to most people here. Besides, he wasn't really wrong. You outrank everyone in the city as far as nobility is concerned."

"I came here to relax, not get put on a pedestal." Serafall grumbled.

"I can put an illusion over us?"

"No. If they think we're important, they'll let us go where we want. We'll just keep to ourselves when we finally get to the bar."

It was a short walk to the Tipsy Troll. A sign hung from rusted chains outside with styled script held the name of the establishment. It was a three story wooden building twice as wide as the nearby stores. From the exterior, it looked to be a sizable tavern.

Serafall pushed open the doors and strode inside, a wide smile on her face. I followed a step behind her.

Immediately, I felt dozens of eyes land on us. Looking around the interior, I saw a number of circular tables with patrons enjoying meals and drinks. Serving girls in aprons and linen dresses moved between the tables with trays of food and booze. A bar ran along the far wall with open seats. A board behind the bar held many papers pinned to it with large, bolded writing I couldn't read and numbers. If I had to guess, it was a bounty board. That guess was backed up by the bar's patrons. Almost everyone in the bar was wearing some form of armor or traveling clothes. Everyone was armed with a weapon ranging from spears and bows to axes and daggers. Serafall and I were very out of place here. It seemed like we'd walked into an adventurer haunt.

Serafall paid no mind to the suspicious looks of the other patrons, strolling proudly up to the bar and claiming a stool. "What do you have that's strong?"

A portly woman behind the bar with fiery red hair looked her up and down, appraising her. "Stongest I have is Demon's Blood Whiskey. I'd recommend starting with something a little–"

"That!" Serafall said, a wild gleam in her eye. "I'll take the whole bottle."

The bartender raised an eyebrow. "I'll have to ask for payment up front. Demon's Blood is one of my pricier brews. Twenty-five gold please, my lady.

Serafall grumbled. "None of that. Just call me Sera."

"So long as you pay, I'll call you whatever you want."

Serafall blanched, looking around. I imagine she was trying to figure out what kind of currency people were using.

I reached into my coat and opened a small Hole out of everyone's vision. I sat down next to Serafall and dropped a neat stack of five platinum pieces native to the Sword Coast onto the table, more than enough to cover a single bottle of whiskey.

"I'd like to open a tab please." I said.

The barmaid grinned at me, swiping my coins away. "Consider your tab open." She slammed a bottle down in front of Serafall. She placed two glasses down in front of it.

Serafall didn't even bother with the glasses. She pulled the cork out and lifted the bottle to her lips, taking a long swig. She came away from the bottle with a satisfied gasp. "Damnation that's good. We need to bring some of this back with us."

"We'll buy some more when we leave." I said. A single platinum piece was worth a lot in this world. I had thousands and could easily get more. Buying a little booze for my friend wouldn't put me in the poor house.

Serafall laid a hand on the table. I felt a pulse of magic as she placed a charm over us. She was obscuring our words. People would still hear us talking, but our words would be indecipherable.

"Thanks for this, Bal. I really needed a breather."

"Any time. Sorry you're having to clean up after me again."

She shook her head as she took another drink. "It's not your fault some dickheads tried to murder you. Don't apologize for refusing to let them kill you."

"How… How bad is it?"

Serafall turned to look at me, lips pursed. "Honestly, things have gone really well considering the circumstances. Athena's irate, but I would be too if someone blew up a swathe of my territory."

I blinked confused. "I didn't blow anything up though?"

Serafall raised an eyebrow at me. "Did you not hear? Zekram Bael responded to the attempt on Magdaran. He destroyed Thrinacia. He took the cows and their guardians before he annihilated the island."

I sat there slack-jawed. Thrinacia? The island from the Odyssey? Odysseus's men killed like three cows and invited the wrath of Zeus. Zekram destroyed the island?

That… How the fuck were we not at war?

Serafall chuckled darkly. "Now you see why I'm so stressed out right now."

"I'll buy you all the booze you want."

Serafall lifted her bottle in a salute. "To your deep pockets." She took a long drink.

"How bad is it?" I asked again.

Serafall shook her head. "Things are bad. Luckily for everyone involved, I'm a miracle worker. Things aren't calm, but I'm confident I can get us out of this. Once the worst is behind us, Zekram and I will be having words." She was seething when she said his name.

"I hate to ask this, I know you've already got a lot going on, but do you think I'm safe from Helios for the time being?"

Serafall nodded slowly. "You should be. Watch your back though. Don't spread this around, but Helios and Boreas have both vanished. The Greeks can't get in touch with them."

"Isn't that bad?" If Helios was unaccounted for, he might be organizing to strike again.

"It means they don't have any support anymore. They're probably planning something, but it'll take them a while to actually do anything. You should be safe for now. I already have my people looking into it. Your wards might ping a few of my people at the edges of your land. You'll know they're mine. If anyone else shows up unannounced, let me know immediately."

"Thank you, Serafall. I sincerely appreciate the support."

Serafall smirked. "I'm just protecting an investment. How else am I supposed to get new booze? And don't think I've forgotten that you still owe me two magical girls. Sirzechs won't shut up about Rias's newest peerage member. The deal was every one you gave to him, I got two magical girls. You owe me, Bal."

I chuckled good naturedly. "I'll get with Medea and see if I can't do something about that. It might take a bit. Between almost being assassinated and a Rating Game next week, I've got a lot going on."

Serafall shrugged. "Take your time. I understand better than anyone what you're dealing with right now." She took another long drink, sighing contentedly as she finished off the bottle. She raised the empty bottle, looking at the barmaid at the other end of the room. "Can I get another one of these?"

The barmaid nodded and started walking back towards us.

Serafall kicked her feet under the counter, humming happily as she waited. Her eyes tracked behind the bar to the board and the many papers stuck to it. She blinked, then leaned forward. She held up a hand and a paper flew off the board to land in her hand. She stared at it intently, uncaring of the many adventurers who'd frozen and were now watching us warily after seeing Serafall's casual telekinesis.

"Um…Sera, maybe–"

"What's this?" she asked, cutting me off. She turned the paper around so I could see it.

I looked over the paper. All I saw was a bunch of scribbles that meant nothing to me. "I can't read that." I said.

"Oh, right. I still have my translation spell active." Serafall said dumbly. She waved a hand in front of my eyes. The words on the paper started shifting, rotating into letters I recognized, allowing me to read it.

At the top of the page in big, bolded letters it said, 'Abaddon Mining Needs Guards! Competitive Pay for Light Work!'

I tilted my head in confusion, taking the paper from Serafall and reading over the rest of the flyer. Someone was looking for protection for miners at an iron mine.

"This isn't one of mine." I said, confused. "Maybe there's another Abaddon here?"

Serafall took the paper back, eyes scanning the document. "'Those interested should report to the Loralee Estate.'" she read around. Serafall spun around on her stool to address the tavern. "Does anyone know where the Loralee Estate is?"

The idle chatter in the bar quieted as everyone's attention turned to Serafall. Many watched her suspiciously. Some seemed intrigued, like they were trying to solve a puzzle. An elderly man in a blue robe traced his finger on the table in front of him, muttering words beneath his breath as he watched her.

I tapped my finger on the bar. The magic the old man had been building scattered into nothing, much to his surprise.

"Up in the Blacklake District." a muscular woman wearing furs with a battleaxe strapped to her back said. "Surprised you don't already know that, milady." She said the word mockingly.

Serafall smiled easily. "We're new in town. I appreciate the help though. As thanks, how about a round for the house?"

The mood in the tavern instantly changed from suspicion and tension to excitement and gratitude. Adventurers whooped their approval, slamming mugs on tables and demanding more drink.

Serafall shot me a smirk out of the corner of her eye. "You're good for it, I trust?"

I shook my head, an amused smile on my face as I reached into my coat again. I dropped twelve platinum pieces on the table. That would more than cover a round of cheap drinks, but I didn't want to risk shorting the bar. When the barmaid came by to collect them, I handed her twenty additional platinum pieces and told her to bring me every bottle of Devil's Blood Whiskey she had.

Servers moved between the tables filling mugs and passing out bottles. When the barmaid came back carrying a crate full of bottles of whiskey, Serafall scooped the box up and leaned over to whisper in my ear. "Let's go see who's impersonating you, shall we?"

I followed her out the door, accepting grateful pats on the back from the adventurers on my way out.

As we walked down the road, I motioned to the crate Serafall was carrying. "I can send that home for you if you like?"

Serafall considered it for a moment. She pulled a bottle out of the crate then held it out to me. "Put it on my desk please."

A Hole swallowed the crate, sending it back to Serafall's office.

"Thanks for the drinks, Bal. Now! Let's solve the mystery of who stole your name!" She lifted her bottle of whiskey above her head like a standard and started running down the street. Peasants shuffled out of her way as she charged towards nothing.

Shaking my head at her antics, I followed behind her.

Through a combination of asking around and a few minor bribes, we received directions to the Loralee Estate. It was on the other side of the city, so we ducked into an alley and took to the sky under an illusion. Once airborne, it didn't take long at all for us to reach our destination.

"Fancy place." Serafall commented as we observed it from the sky.

A white stone structure rose several stories out of the ground, decorated with brass griffins, silver sphinxes, and blue tabards. A wrought iron gate fenced in a perimeter expanding beyond the large home. Lush gardens with flowering bushes and canopies of trees covered a cobbled stone walkway leading up to the manor.

"Whoever lives here is obscenely rich." I added. Being able to afford a home like this in Neverwinter required 'fuck you' money.

"Should we go knock?" Serafall asked.

"Might as well."

We landed out of the way and dismissed our illusion. We strolled up to the gate and searched around for a moment. I found a bell and pulled the cord. The bell rang out a deep resonant sound. A moment later, the stylized 'L' in the center of the gate began to glow a bright blue.

"Greetings," a voice said from the gate. "I have the privilege of serving as groundskeeper for the Loralee family. May I ask what your business is?"

Serafall and I exchanged a look. She held up the flyer we took from the tavern. "We're here about the mine job. We'd like to speak with the Abaddons."

"I'm afraid the owner of the company is not present, but I will inform my lady you are coming. You may enter."

The gate let out a sharp metallic sound as if unlocking, then swung inward on its own.

"Faaancy." Serafall said exaggeratedly. She skipped through the gate. I followed behind her, looking around for anything that might be a problem.

The door to the manor was etched in gold, tracing eloquent patterns. The doors swung open as we approached.

A male elf wearing a blue tailcoat bowed shallowly as we approached. "Welcome. I am Rath Lain, groundskeeper. You are here to see Lady Cyvis about the job posting, yes? Please follow me."

Serafall and I exchanged a look before following him. He led us up a set of stairs that spun, climbing in a circle.

"The lady is currently in a meeting, but you may wait in the adjoining room until she is ready to receive you." he said as we climbed.

"Thank you." Serafall said with a smile. She seemed to be enjoying this immensely. I was mostly here to humor her. I was mildly curious about my name being used for a mine I didn't own, but I could figure that out later. I had other things to occupy my focus right now. Namely, a Rating Game and two Greek Gods who wanted me dead.

Rath held open the door to a small room with cushioned chairs. Two windows let in streaks of daylight. Another door at the far end of the room was locked shut.

"Please wait here. Lady Cyvis will be with you when her meeting concludes." Rath said, polite.

"Thanks for your help!" Serafall said, falling into one of the chairs.

Rath gently closed the door, leaving us alone.

"Isn't this exciting?" Serafall asked. "We're about to meet your imposter!"

"Or, someone else who shares my name. Maybe they just made the word up and thought it sounded cool?" I said.

Serafall shook her head. "No," she said with certainty. "My gut says that whatever this is, it's going to be very interesting."

I shrugged. "I'd never mistrust your gut instinct."

Serafall grinned. "I knew you were smart."

We sat around for a while, making idle chatter about the city and the room itself. It wasn't terribly long before the door at the far end of the room unlocked and swung open. Two figures emerged, finishing a conversation they'd been having on the other side.

"…me know when you are ready. I am very anxious to meet him." a beautiful elven woman said. With elves, it was hard to tell age, but she looked young to my eye. Silver hair was kept in check by long pointed ears. Her skin was smooth and fair. Her eyes were blue, matching the sapphire earrings she wore. A noble blue dress embroidered with silver highlights hugged her form as she moved into the room. She tilted her head, curious as she noticed Serafall and I sitting in the room.

"Hello," she said, distracted. "Forgive me. I forgot Rath said we had guests. I am Cyvis Loralee, daughter of Sylas and Thaelis Loralee. Welcome to our home. This is… Vellia?" She motioned to her companion, intending to introduce them. She was surprised to find her companion kneeling on the ground at her side.

When I saw Cyvis's companion, I realized why the company had my name attached to it. In hindsight, it should have been obvious. Then again, the last time I saw her, she'd been a long way from this city. How did she get here?

"My lord," Vellia, the red-skinned tiefling who served as my warlock, said as she knelt before me, eyes fixed on the marble floor.

Cyvis looked between Vellia and I with a puzzled look on her face. "I don't understand. What is–"

"My lord," Vellia interrupted her. "May I introduce you?"

"You may." I said tiredly.

"Cyvis," Vellia said, still facing the floor. "I present Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, Lord of the House of Abaddon, my lord and master."

Cyvis's eyes went wide as saucers. She looked at me as if she was looking at the sun. She quickly averted her eyes, pulling up the hems of her dress as she fell into a deep curtsy. "My lord, it is an honor to host you in our home."

"Bal?"

I turned to see Serafall smiling evilly at me.

"Now would be a good time to fill me in, don't you think?" Serafall said in a sweet tone that promised murder.

I sighed, rubbing my forehead. "Vellia, please stand up. The whole bowing and kneeling thing isn't necessary. The same goes for you, Cyvis. It's good to meet you by the way."

"The honor is mine, my lord." Cyvis said. She was standing straight again, but she still wasn't looking me in the eye.

"So you know them." Serafall said leadingly.

"One of them. Vellia? Come here please."

Vellia was at my side in a moment. "How may I help, my lord?"

"You can relax, Vellia." I said tiredly as I stood up next to her. "Serafall, I'd like you to meet Vellia, my first, and currently only warlock."

Serafall had a considering expression on her face as she looked between us. "You contracted a magician?"

I sighed. "No. That isn't what's going on here. This is…much more. I told you this world has some interesting facets where demons are concerned when we first arrived here. She," I motioned to Vellia. "Is the topic I've been meaning to discuss with you at some point."

"Forgive me, my lord," Vellia said hesitantly. "May I ask who I am being introduced to?"

"A good friend of mine who also happens to be one of the four rulers of the Hell I hail from. Vellia, meet Serafall Leviathan, the Satan of Foreign Affairs."

Vellia froze, sucking in a deep breath. After a moment, she began trembling. A moment later, all of her muscles locked in place and she fell into a deep bow. "It is an honor to stand before you, my lady."

Serafall raised an eyebrow at me. "You're telling her who I really am?"

"For a reason. You might want to stay seated. If all of the other bullshit I've pulled on you hasn't given you a stroke yet, this might just do it." I said warningly.

"Bal, I'm supposed to be relaxing right now." Serafall said warningly.

"This is a good surprise, I promise. Will it probably be a headache? Yes. Will it solve one of the greatest problems facing devilkind? Also yes."

Serafall closed her eyes and rubbed her eyelids as she sighed. She looked up at me. "Alright. Hit me with it."

"Vellia, please show Serafall the power I gave you to move between spaces." I said.

"Yes, my lord." Vellia said. She held her hand out to her side. With a sound like reality fracturing, the longsword I'd given her when we'd forged our contract appeared in her hand. She slashed the sword down, opening a dark cut in the air. She slashed again, opening another hole a short distance away. She stepped into one tear, appearing from the other.

Serafall was on her feet in a moment. Spell circles surrounded her, drifting through the air as she scanned the cuts in reality. "Balthazar, is this really what I think it is?"

"Yes and no. It isn't the same. It lacks the versatility and power of a true Hole." I said, punctuating my words by opening a Hole next to the tear for Serafall to compare. "Functionally though? I'm sure you can see why I've been keeping this to myself for now."

"How did you manage to give her Hole?" Serafall asked, gone was the fun relaxed demeanor she wore only a moment ago. She was in Satan mode now.

"It's a feature of this world. Mortals contract with entities from other planes for power all the time here. I made a contract with her to work as my business's figurehead here. It had unintentional side effects."

"Can you replicate it?" Serafall asked, deep in thought.

"I haven't tried yet. As part of the contract, she draws on my power. If I contract too many people, they will be an active drain on me."

"How did you contract her? I need a step-by-step description. A demonstration would be preferable. I need to know if this is a one off thing or if you can duplicate the results."

"My lord?" Vellia said hesitantly. "Please forgive the interruption."

"I'm not going to punish you for speaking, Veliia. What is it?" I said.

"Thank you, my lord. I have been meaning to contact you for some time now. I have made substantial progress in the goal you set before me. Much of that progress can be attributed to Cyvis's contributions. All she asked in return was the opportunity to speak with my patron."

I shared a look with Serafall before turning to Cyvis expectantly. "You wanted to speak with me?"

Cyvis started wringing her hands, clearly uncomfortable with suddenly becoming the center of attention. "Yes, my lord. Vellia already told you I have been working with her. My parents own the majority of the iron mines in the region. They were called home several years ago to see to matters there. I have been left in control of their holdings here in the meantime. They were unable to complete my education before they departed."

"Your education?" I asked.

Cyvis held up her hand, a magical rune appeared in the air above her hand, glowing blue. "My family has a proud history of strong abjuration wizards. I… I did not take to the family magic as well as they hoped I would. They brought my younger brother back with them to present to the elders as their heir. He is more skilled with abjuration magic than I am. But I have other talents!" she added hurriedly, seeming panicked. "I… I found many books detailing hidden infernal magic. I have taken well to them. It is no boast to say I am gifted in the use of infernal magic."

"What does this have to do with me?" I prompted, watching her closely.

Cyvis closed her hand, banishing her magic. She looked at the ground, wringing her hands nervously. "After working with her for some time, I revealed my demonic pursuits to Vellia. It was a risk. I could be imprisoned for my activities. She told me she possessed a patron, but could not tell me much more. I… I have been seeking my own patron for some time, my lord. Many of the accounts I have found describe such relationships as abusive at best, catastrophic at worst. The relationship Vellia was able to describe, limited though it was, was different. I… I was hoping you would allow me the opportunity to seek your patronage, my lord." she finished quickly.

"Her magic is powerful, my lord." Vellia added quickly. "She has been a tremendous help furthering your goals in Neverwinter and beyond. For what little my endorsement is worth, she has it."

Cyvis shot Vellia a grateful look. She saw me watching her and quickly looked at the floor again.

"We couldn't ask for a better opportunity. I'll take notes." Serafall said, pulling a pen and notepad out of nowhere as she looked at me expectantly.

"Really?" I asked her.

"Come on. Make with the warlocking!" Serafall said, motioning towards Cyvis.

"Making a warlock involves tethering someone to your demonic power. It's not something you should do frivolously." I protested.

"You said the first time you did it was an accident. That seemed to work out. Your first warlock vouches for her. I say go for it." Serafall countered.

"You're just saying that because you need more information."

"Maybe, maybe not. Are you making a new warlock or not?"

I let out another sigh. I opened a Hole. "Medea? Can I borrow you for a minute?"

"Give me a minute, honey." Medea sent back.

I left the Hole open, waiting patiently for Medea to speak again.

"Okay!" Medea called. "I'm ready."

The Hole expanded. A moment later, Medea stepped through it. She looked around the room. "Oh my. What have you dragged me into, dear?"

"I might be contracting a second warlock. Serafall wants to watch the process. Vellia vouches for her. I wanted your opinion and, if you approve, your help writing the contract." I explained.

"I see." Medea walked up to Cyvis. Cyvis was taller than her, but she still shrunk under Medea's gaze.

"What is your name?" Medea asked.

"Cyvis, my lady." Cyvis said quickly.

"Do you know who I am?"

Cyvis kept her eyes fixed on the floor. "No, my lady. Vellia's contract prevented her from saying much about her patron. Forgive me."

"There is nothing to forgive. I'm glad the contract is working as intended. My name is Medea. I am Balthazar's Queen."

"It is an honor to meet you, my lady." Cyvis said, quickly entering a shallow curtsy.

"Balthazar's well being is my number one priority. Vellia appears to believe you can be an asset to us. Whether that is true or not, what concerns me more is the continued safety of my King."

"My lady, I would never jeopardize Lord Abaddon's safety." Cyvis said, sounding scared and desperate.

Medea watched her for a moment before smiling. "I believe you. I want you to work hard for our King, understand?"

"I will, my lady."

Medea smiled and nodded, satisfied. "Good." She turned back around to face me. "I like her. I say go for it."

I pursed my lips, then nodded. "Alright." I wasn't opposed to the idea of contracting another warlock. I hadn't done it because my time had been occupied with other things. Giving Vellia a partner to help her further her already impressive progress towards the goals I laid out for her was a good idea. It would also let me test if all of my warlocks would gain the Hole-like ability Vellia obtained, or if she was the only one.

Medea and I drafted a contract while Serafall watched us intently. Vellia whispered encouraging words to Cyvis in the corner, placing a hand on her shoulder and smiling comfortingly. If Cyvis was having second thoughts, she needed to speak up soon. Medea and I were almost done with the contract.

Unlike Vellia's contract, this one was an intentional warlock contract. In exchange for working to further my goals in Faerun, I would empower Cyvis. It still had all of the clauses preventing Cyvis from sharing information about me or my peerage outside of what was absolutely necessary for the business, but there was less focus on the business aspects of our relationship. The last time had been an accident. It was time to see if I could do this intentionally.

"Looks good." I said, having looked over it a second time.

Medea took the contract, pursing her lips as she read it over. "Something's missing. We gave Vellia a sign on bonus, didn't we?"

"Yes, my lady." Vellia answered. She held out a hand and a dark-bladed sword covered in pulsing runes appeared in her hands. "You gave me this sword and my armor."

Medea pointedly looked at Cyvis. "I'd assume you don't want a sword?"

"I would accept whatever you offer, my lady." Cyvis said quickly.

"Well that's not very helpful. I feel a hint of empowering magic in your necklace. I take it you're skilled with magic?"

"I am, my lady." Cyvis confirmed.

Medea smiled, victorious. "I have just the thing." She closed her eyes, bringing her hands together in front of her. I felt a point of pure magical power explode between her hands. Medea opened her eyes, grinning. She threw her hands forward.

A powerful caw echoed in the room as a shadowy raven flew away from Medea's hands, circling the room before it flapped to a halt atop Cyvis's shoulder.

"She'll take good care of you." Medea said, watching as the spectral raven studied Cyvis curiously.

Cyvis was frozen in place. Hesitantly, she raised a finger up to scratch under the raven's chin. It cooed happily, leaning into her touch. A wide smile spread across Cyvis's face. "Thank you, my lady."

"To business." I said, dramatically straightening out the contract in my hand. "Read this over. If you agree to everything, sign next to my name. This is permanent. Make sure you think everything through."

Cyvis took the contract with an unsteady hand. She swallowed audibly, slowly reading over the contract. After reading through it twice, she took the pen Vellia held out to her and slowly signed her name. She looked up in anticipation.

Nothing happened.

I tilted my head in confusion, taking the contract back from her and looking it over.

"What's wrong?" Serafall asked.

"I don't know." I said. "That should have worked."

"Maybe–"

The raven perched on Cyvis's shoulder let out an ear-piercing caw. Its talons bit down into her shoulder.

Cyvis let out a pained, surprised gasp. Power exploded from the point where the raven's talons pierced her skin. Magical energy snaked up out of her dress to the side of her neck, searing an arcane mark into the flesh of her lower neck and shoulder. The contract in my hands lit on fire. I felt as a second minor drain latched onto me, sucking away my demonic power. It still wasn't enough to worry me. If other warlocks pulled a similar amount, I could probably manage one or two more after Cyvis.

"Cyvis? Are you alright?" Vellia said as she held her friend's shoulder, concern etched on her face.

Cyvis looked up, an expression of pure euphoria fixed on her face. "I'm fine. I'm better than fine. I feel… I feel invincible."

Vellia grinned. "I know what you mean."

"Sorry to break this up, but I need to know if you can make the same Holes she can." Serafall interjected, stepping forward and smiling encouragingly. "Give it a shot, if you wouldn't mind?"

Cyvis nodded seriously. "Of course, my lady." She took a deep breath and held up her hands. After a moment, her features twisted in frustration.

Vellia stepped up beside her. "Don't think about it too hard. It should feel instinctual. Just let it happen."

Cyvis took a deep breath and closed her eyes. She raised her right hand, dragging her index finger behind. A snow-white tear in space opened behind her finger. She raised her left hand, creating the same effect on her other side. She stepped into the tear on the right. When she emerged from the tear on the left, a magical layer of protective frost clung to her body.

Serafall whistled appreciatively. "I'm suddenly feeling a lot more optimistic about…well, everything really."

"Do you have anything important planned for the rest of the day?" I asked Vellia and Cyvis.

"No, my lord." Vellia answered, an excited grin on her face. I think she knew where I was taking this.

"Cyvis, I'd like to see what you can do. Would you like to test out your new abilities?"

"I would love to, my lord." Cyvis said, sounding drunk on power.

I opened a Hole. "This will take us to my lands. I'll be able to set up a controlled area to let you try everything out when we get there. After you."

Cyvis took a deep breath, then held her head high, walking through the Hole without pausing. Vellia was right behind her. Medea, Serafall and I followed.

A great roar shook the air the moment I was through the other side. I'd transported us to one of the many viewing boxes in the coliseum.

Pandemonium reigned on the field beneath us. The serpentine form of Coal wound around a western dragon I recognized as Ladora Bune, Sairaorg's Rook. Matatabi's giant flaming form clung to the back of a Golden Lion, slashing and biting at Regulus's impervious hide. Shang Tsung was rapidly swapping between forms – Matatabi, then Runa, then Medea – as he tried to trap Kuisha before she could escape into a Hole.

A thunderous boom shook the space as Sairaorg and Achilles collided in the center of the arena. Sairaorg was coated in the pearl-colored energy of his touki. His fist slammed into Achilles's spear, snapping it in half. Achilles discarded the useless weapon and traded blows with his fists. Sairaorg landed only a single blow on him to Achilles's twelve. Achilles did not seem affected by Sairaorg's enhanced strength in the slightest.

"Hi, Bal!"

I looked up. In the viewing box to my right, Magdaran sat with the rest of mine and Sairaorg's peerages, content to watch the others try to kill each other.

"Vellia, Cyvis, I apologize, but we'll have to reschedule this. I'll be in contact." I opened a Hole and sent them home before they could protest. Everyone present knowing about Achilles was one thing, them knowing about my warlocks was another matter entirely.

"So much for keeping Achilles a secret." I grumbled, heading over to join Magdaran.
Last edited: Apr 20, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, Origami Mountain and 1,647 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 11, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 34 New
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 16, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,399
"This is chaotic." Serafall idly commented from my side, watching the combatants below try to kill each other.

"This is what happens when you give a bunch of battle maniacs open access to a place they can beat each other up in." I said tiredly.

"Sorry to barge in like this." Magdaran called out as we approached. "I was visiting Sai when Coal arrived. He was very vocal about an opportunity to fight a reincarnated Achilles. Regulus and Sai practically leapt at the chance. The rest of us tagged along to watch. When were you planning to tell us you managed to reincarnate Achilles?"

"Don't take this the wrong way, but I wasn't." I said. "I was planning on keeping his presence a secret until the Rating Game next week.

Magdaran nodded. "That makes sense. I'd want to go into that fight with a few aces up my sleeve too." He grinned. "Achilles is quite the ace. You wouldn't happen to have any others would you? Have you finished your peerage?"

"I'm still missing a Bishop. Medea and I are working on that. How about you? Have you made any additions to your peerage?"

Magdaran shook his head. "Father hasn't let me out of his sight for the last few days. Something about the attack spooked him. I've never seen him so scared."

I frowned. I hadn't checked in on him or Latia since we'd been attacked, had I? "How are you doing, Mag?"

He smiled. "Don't worry about me. You got me out of there before I even realized there was any danger. It… I did not handle it well once I realized just how much danger we'd been in, but it was a wake up call. I was meeting with Sai today to see if he would be willing to help me train." He motioned down to the field. "That brings us here."

I looked over as a hand delicately gripped my shoulder. The moment my eyes met Serafall's, her grip turned vicelike. I let out a grunt of pain as she smiled at me with murder in her eyes.

"Balthazar, my good friend," Serafall said sweetly. "You and I have had many discussions about warnings and headaches in the past, so I know you wouldn't reincarnate Achilles, Zeus's great-grandson, without telling me. I know you certainly wouldn't do such while the Greeks are already irate. My faith in your intelligence isn't misplaced, right?"

"In my defense, I didn't know about Thrinacia. I thought they were pissed for no good reason and didn't care what they thought." I said, choosing my words carefully. "Also, I bought you a lot of booze. That warrants a stay of execution, right?"

Serafall glared at me before sighing. "You're lucky I don't have the time or the energy to be mad at you right now. I need to talk to Ajuka about what we discussed then get back to my office. Expect me to be in touch soon. We'll need to discuss that thing you just showed me. It's too important to put off, especially now."

Serafall released me and walked a short distance away. A teleportation circle spread out from her. Moments before she teleported away, she glared at me with narrowed eyes. "And don't reincarnate any inter-pantheon incidents while I'm gone! You're on your last strike, pal!"

Serafall disappeared in a flash of pink magic.

Medea laid a hand on my shoulder.

"I'll be returning to my lab to finish up Achilles's armor. Call if you need me."

I nodded. "Thanks, Medea."

She scattered into spectral butterflies and was gone.

"Balthazar,"

I turned around, surprised to find Kuisha had suddenly appeared behind me. She was wearing blue sweats with her hair tied back. Sweat beaded her brow from having just been exercising.

"Hey, Kuisha. It's good to–" Whatever else I might've said was halted as Kuisha pulled me into a crushing hug.

"I'm glad you're okay." she whispered, hugging me tight.

I slowly returned the hug, patting her on the back. "I'm fine, Kuisha. It'll take more than some amateur assassins to put me down."

Kuisha pulled back, scowling at me. "Don't tempt fate like that. Magdaran told me they blocked teleportation. Things could have gone much worse."

"Believe me, sis, I'm aware. I've already taken steps to…" I trailed off, my eye catching on a reflective glint of metal on Kuisha's finger.

"Balthazar?" she said, confused. She flinched as I reached out and grabbed her left wrist, pulling it up in front of my face.

A silver band with a large diamond set into it rested snug on her third finger.

Kuisha blushed furiously. "Balthazar… This isn't… I… Eep!" She let out a squeak as I dragged her behind me to the edge of the viewing box.

Everyone on the field below was still thrashing about, punching, clawing and biting at one another. The only two missing from the earlier fray were Kuisha and Shang Tsung. Kuisha was with me. Shang Tsung had joined Mothra and Aqua a short distance to my right.

"Sairaorg!" I bellowed. The enchantments built into the coliseum's foundations magnified my voice into a thunderclap. All activity halted. Coal still had Achilles's invulnerable leg in his mouth. Matatabi paused with her paw above Regulus's nose, primed to swat at him. Sairaorg looked up, still holding Regulus's snapping jaws apart lest they crush him. Dead silence reigned in the coliseum.

I pointed at the ring on Kuisha's finger. "What is this!"

Sairaorg went pale. I could have sworn I heard him audibly gulp. Regulus slowly backed away, leaving his King alone.

A Hole rapidly opened and closed, depositing Kuisha and I on the coliseum floor a few steps away from Sairaorg. He flinched.

"Balthazar! Uh… You see… That is a… Um…" He was scratching his head, desperately trying to think of something.

I couldn't take it anymore. I started laughing.

Sairaorg's entire body went slack with relief. "Don't do that to me, Bal. You almost gave me a heart attack."

I grinned as I got my laughter under control. "Sorry, I couldn't help myself." I pulled Kuisha into a crushing hug. "My baby sister is getting married! I'm so happy for you."

"I… What! I'm older than you!" Kuisha protested, affronted.

I shook my head sagely. "As Lord Abaddon, all other Abaddons are my little siblings. I don't make the rules, Kuisha. I just enforce them. Speaking of…" I turned to Sairaorg. "I have to put on my asshole Lord Abaddon hat for a second here. Bear with me please."

Sairaorg stood up straight, nodding. "I expected this."

I let go of Kuisha and fixed Sairaorg with a serious look. "First of all, I would assume she will be joining your house?"

"She will."

"Will she become Lady Vapula? It would aggravate me to learn you've taken my sister as a mistress."

"Bal," Kuisha hissed. "He wouldn't–"

"It's alright, Kuisha." Sairaorg said. "I'd be worried too." Facing me, he said, "When I become Lord Vapula, Kuisha will become Lady Vapula. I don't care much about the whole pureblood thing. That's not why I'm marrying her, but others do. A former Abaddon becoming Lady Vapula looks good for the clan; a nice bonus to marrying a wonderful woman."

Kuisha's blush turned nuclear. She wouldn't look anyone in the eye.

I smiled. "In that case, you both have my blessing. I'm expecting a wedding invite."

Sairaorg smiled brightly. "You'll get one."

"I'd stay to celebrate the engagement, but I've got too much going on right now. Seriously, congratulations to you both. Achilles!"

"Yes, my king?" Achilles called from across the arena.

"I'm preoccupied at the moment, so I can't rightly do my older brotherly duty of giving Sairaorg a proper beating to make sure he knows not to mistreat my little sister. Would you mind filling in for me?"

"I'm older than you, you brat!"

I ignored Kuisha's affronted scream.

Achilles grinned, eyes tracking with intent towards Sairaorg. "It would be my pleasure, my king."

Sairaorg gulped nervously.

I patted him on the back as I walked past. "Don't worry. He won't beat you up too bad. Mothra will fix you up, so there'll be no permanent damage. I'm looking forward to that wedding invite!" I stepped into a Hole and was gone.

I really did have things I needed to do, otherwise I would've stayed. I had a week until my Rating Game with Roygun. I wanted a full peerage when I faced her. In order to give my potential Bishop time to adjust, I had to go recruit them today if possible.

I'd initially wanted to give Achilles another day or two to adjust, but that didn't really seem necessary. The son of Thetis had hit the ground running as a devil and already seemed overjoyed with his new surroundings.

Now all I needed was a Bishop to finally be done with my peerage. I'd asked Medea to look into a potential recruit's location. They would work really well with the makeup of the rest of my peerage if they accepted. If they refused, I'd improvise.

"You wouldn't happen to have found that Bishop candidate would you?" I asked Medea as I appeared in her lab.

Medea smiled knowingly without turning around, still making notes in the open book in front of her. The ink glowed a dark blue. "Well, master, what would you give me if I had somehow managed to reach across realities to locate a single individual in less than a day?"

I walked up behind her, wrapping my arms around her waist and laying my head on her shoulder. "What does my Queen desire?"

Medea turned a page in her book, not looking at me. "Your sister seems happy."

I froze for a moment, then forced myself to relax. She was scrying on the coliseum. She knew about the engagement and was very purposefully mentioning it. I'd have to be dumber than a rock not to get that hint.

"I've been working on something, but it's not ready yet." I said honestly. Part of my plan was already in place. The second piece was proving…problematic. It didn't help that the Helios fiasco had completely sidetracked me. "It'll be ready after the Rating Game. I promise." I said, locking myself into an ironclad time table. I should be able to figure something out in that time, it just might not be what I originally intended.

Medea let out a short huff, then leaned back into me. "I'm going to hold you to that, Balthazar. My grandfather and his cronies tried to hurt you. I don't want to waste any more time."

I pressed a kiss into her cheek. "It'll be worth the wait, I promise."

"I found the Bishop." Medea gently ran her hands over my forehead, sharing the information she scry'd with me. "I'm looking forward to next week."

"You're the best, Medea. I'll let you know if the Bishop accepts." I pulled her in for a brief kiss then fled through a Hole. I suddenly had even more work to do.

My wings shot out of my back, holding me aloft over a large body of water. The lake was massive, extending almost to the horizon. In the far distance, a cut led a stream down into the lake.

I took a deep breath and held it, breaking the surface of the water and sinking deeper. The water was crystal clear. I approached a fantastic underwater castle. The doors swung open as I approached.

I stepped into the castle. A warming charm dried the water from my clothes as I entered the open interior.

"Balthazar," Idyia greeted me as she emerged from a nearby hallway. "To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?"

I stood up straight. "I have come to ask for your blessing to marry your daughter."

Idyia paused, tilting her head. "It's about time. I was beginning to think you would wait forever."

"Recent events have kept me distracted." I said diplomatically.

"Yes, I imagine they have. You wish to marry Medea despite the threat posed by Helios?"

"She told me she doesn't want to wait anymore. I share her sentiment."

Idyia had a happy smile on her face. "Good. You have my blessing. How do you intend to ask her?"

She led me to a sitting room and served refreshments while I told her my plan. She was silent through my explanation. When I told her of the preparations I still had yet to make, she spoke.

"Your intentions are wonderful, Balthazar, but she does not require so much as that."

"I disagree. She deserves everything I can give her and more."

She made a considering sound. "Do not let your pursuit of perfection stall your future together."

I nodded seriously. "Whether I am ready or not, I will ask her after the Rating Game."

Idyia nodded. "Good. If there is anything I can do to help, I will assist."

"Thank you. Forgive me for my abrupt departure, but–"

She waved me off. "Go. I take no offense. Be safe. Medea would not forgive herself if you got yourself killed trying to impress her."

"I will be cautious." I assured her, then stepped back through a Hole, walking to a different world entirely.

Vellia and Cyvis exploded out of the chairs they'd been sitting on their feet. Vellia knelt and Cyvis curtsied.

"My lord," Vellia greeted.

"Please relax. You don't need to grovel every time you see me."

"You are our lord," Vellia said, gaze fixed firmly on the floor. "We would not dare to disrespect you."

I sighed, rubbing the bridge of my nose. Having them act so formal was really making me uncomfortable. I'd need to get used to it if I wanted to be seen more in public as Lord Abaddon, but I did not like the whole groveling thing.

"My lord…" Cyvis began hesitantly.

"Yes?" I said.

"The creatures we saw in your home, were they invaders?"

"What?" I asked, confused. "No. That was my peerage and my friend. Right, you don't know what a peerage is. Think of them as my most trusted servants." After thinking for a moment, it made sense why Cyvis might have assumed I was under attack. From her perspective, there were giant monsters fighting, then she was sent away. Not even Vellia, who had been introduced to members of my peerage before, would know about the monstrous forms of my peerage members.

A spark of something I couldn't identify lit up in Cyvis's eyes. "Those creatures serve you, my lord?"

Vellia smiled proudly at Cyvis's side, nudging her shoulder and shooting her a knowing look.

I wasn't sure what the byplay between them meant, but I didn't come here to figure that out. I had something else to do.

When they'd both refocused on me, I continued. "I apologize for barging in so soon after our prior meeting, and I'm sorry you didn't get a chance to test out your powers, Cyvis. I'll try to arrange something for the near future."

"It is no trouble, my lord." Vellia said. "I was just telling her I would show her how I have been training with my power here."

"Yes," Cyvis said with an agreeable nod. "Thank you, my lord, but please do not inconvenience yourself on my account. Seeing your home was a great honor even on its own."

I pursed my lips, uncertain. "If Vellia can take care of you, I don't have an issue with that. Feel free to reach out if you need assistance." I shook my head. "But that's not why I came here. I'm sorry to do this so soon after contracting with you, but I have a task for you."

Cyvis's back went ramrod straight. An excited grin was on her face as she said, "Please, my lord, allow me the opportunity to serve you."

That was a little more enthusiastic than I was expecting, but I wasn't going to be disappointed about the fact she was willing to work hard.

I slowly outlined what I wanted them to do, being sure they understood the task I was giving them in its entirety. They listened with rapt attention as I outlined the details.

"When you have something, contact me using one of these." I said, handing each of them a flyer with my symbol on it.

"Of course, my lord," Cyvis said, bowing her head. "My family has collected an extensive library over the years. I expect I will be able to make use of it on your behalf."

"Thank you. Please work quickly. I have a strict deadline here. Contact me when you have something. And don't be afraid to call me if either of you need something to make your other work here run more smoothly." I stepped back through another Hole.

I sighed as I fell into a chair in mine and Medea's bedroom. I was going to give myself whiplash with all the places I was travelling to, and I wasn't even done yet.

I took a deep breath, then stood. Time to complete my peerage, or at least try.


X


A young man stood in nothingness. Dark hair fell past pointed ears. A white robe with gold trim hugged his body. A pair of circular spectacles shielded shut eyes.

He came awake with a gasp. He looked around, frantic, not knowing where he was or what was happening.

Where was he? The last thing he could remember, he was sitting at his computer. Now, he was standing in an empty void. There was nothing around him but darkness in all directions.

He looked down at himself, trying to ascertain his assets. He inhaled sharply, shocked. He…was different. The robes, the red staff in his hand – he recognized them, but they weren't his. They belonged to a character he played in a video game. What was going on?

"Hello, Shiroe."

The man spun around. His grip on the staff in his hands tightened subconsciously. He wasn't alone in this space. Another man stood across from him. He had golden hair. He wore a dark suit and an easy smile.

"Who are you?" Shiroe asked, hesitant. He didn't have enough information. For the moment, the man across from him didn't appear hostile. Maybe he could learn something from him.

"My name is Balthazar Abaddon. I'll expand on who and what I am in a moment. For the moment, I imagine you want to know what's going on, right?"

"I do." Shiroe said slowly, watching the man across from him carefully.

"Are you familiar with the concept of an isekai?" Balthazar asked.

Shiroe frowned, eyebrows furrowing in thought.

An isekai? Is that what this was? It would certainly explain the dark vortex around him. This didn't seem like a dream, so something out of the ordinary was happening. What was the last thing he could remember? It was fuzzy. Shiroe couldn't place where he was or what he was doing before he got here.

"Am I dead?" Shiroe asked.

Balthazar shrugged. "I can't say for sure what circumstances led to you being here. All I can say for certain is that the you in front of me is very much alive."

That wasn't as helpful as Shiroe would have liked. He needed more information.

"If you mean to imply I'm being isekai'd, are you the god who will offer me power and send me on my way?"

Balthazar chuckled. "No, I believe you've already received the power boost associated with the genre. And I'm not a god. I'm an outside context problem."

Shiroe's eyes narrowed. "I'd appreciate an explanation."

"One is forthcoming." Balthazar said, smiling. "I'm not a god, Shiroe. I am a devil."

Shiroe took a step back, raising his staff reflexively as demonic wings exploded out of Balthazar's back, spreading wide behind him.

Balthazar raised a hand. "Peace, Shiroe. I mean you no harm."

"Did you bring me here?" Shiroe asked, trying to remain calm. If this really was a devil he was speaking to, he needed to be rational. He didn't know what the devil was capable of. He didn't know what he himself was capable of. From all appearances, it seemed he was in the body of his Elder Tales character. Did that mean he could use all of the magic and abilities his character possessed? If so, how? Shiroe wasn't in a position to get into a fight with a devil. He needed to resolve this amicably if possible.

"I did bring you here." Balthazar said. "As I alluded to, you were in the process of being isekai'd. I interrupted your transition to whatever world you were being sent to and brought you here so we might speak."

"Why?"

"Because I'd like to make you an offer."

Shiroe took another step backwards. "And if I refuse your offer?"

Balthazar shrugged, holding up his hand.

Shiroe flinched as a dark sphere appeared close to him, expanding large enough for a man to walk through.

"If you refuse, or decide that you've had enough of my company, that will send you back on your way. You'll arrive in whatever world you were originally intended to. It may be a world you recognize or one wholly alien. I'm sure a man of your talents will find a way to survive and perhaps even thrive regardless of where you end up, but I'd like to offer you an alternative if you're willing to listen."

Shiroe regarded the hole in space carefully, lightly tapping his index finger against his staff as he thought. He didn't have enough information. It was possible he would be sent to the world of Elder Tales since he was currently in the body of his game character. Then again, he'd heard of some isekai anime and manga where a game character was sent into an entirely different world. There was no telling where he would end up. Even if he did land somewhere he recognized, he'd be alone without resources. That would put him in an undesirable position. What was the worst that could come of hearing the devil out?

"What's the alternative?" Shiroe asked.

Balthazar held up a hand. In a flash of red light, a glowing red chess piece, a Bishop, appeared, pinched between his thumb and index finger. "As I told you, I am a devil. I come from a different world than the one you left, though it is similar in many aspects. The devils of my world created a method of reincarnating other individuals into devils, empowering them in the process."

Shiroe looked closely at the Bishop. "The method is based around chess?"

"Yes."

"Do you have other pieces?"

"I do, but I cannot show them to you. I have already used every piece except this one." Balthazar lifted the Bishop for emphasis.

"What piece do you represent? If you were using others, does that make you the King?"

Balthazar smiled. "It does."

"So you would be in charge. What would a Bishop's position be?"

"Each peerage, that is what we call these assortments of reincarnated devils, is different. The roles in my peerage are more loose than others. I am in command with my Queen as my second. The other members of my peerage are largely free to operate as they will outside of this simple command structure. Provided you accept my offer, I see you eventually becoming my third in command."

That intrigued Shiroe. "Why?"

Balthazar smiled fondly. "I adore my peerage, but many of them are…unstructured. I don't currently have anyone to fill the role of a strategist and planner. That is what I envision for you. Your magical power is not as great as the others, but the Bishop piece will enhance your potential."

"The piece has effects other than reincarnating others as devils?"

"Yes. Each piece boosts an aspect corresponding to its role. The Bishop will magnify your mana and magical power considerably if you accept."

"I have never used magic in my life. Isn't it possible that a Bishop would not suit me?"

"You may be unfamiliar with magic, but the body you inhabit is not. I sense a great deal of strength in you. My Queen and my second Bishop would be capable of tutoring you and showing you how to make the best use of your strength."

Shiroe filed that away for later. One of his larger immediate concerns involved in ending up in a random world, aside from dying of exposure or starvation, was not having any guidance on how to use the abilities he supposedly gained. In isekai, that typically wasn't a concern, but he'd been subtly trying to activate his character's skills from the game for over a minute now to no effect. There were no menus. He was having to work off gut instinct. So far, it has failed him.

"Why should I accept your offer instead of taking my chances in a new world?" Shiroe asked.

"Ultimately, it's your decision. All I can do is outline the many benefits that come with accepting my offer."

"Such as?"

"When devils in stories offer people their heart's desire, there are typically strings attached involving the loss of one's soul. That isn't the case here. Not only am I a powerful devil, but I'm also obscenely rich even by devil standards. What do you want? I can buy it and have it ready for you in a few hours at most. I am a Viscount of Hell with more money than many gods. Ask and ye shall receive."

Money would certainly prevent him from dying of starvation. "What other benefits are there?"

"You'll stop aging. Devils live basically forever so long as they don't do anything stupid, so immortality comes as part of it. Phenomenal power. You get to live in a castle. Seriously, it's not a matter of what I can offer you. The list of what I can't give you would be shorter."

"Then what can't you offer me?"

Balthazar grinned. "Much like a genie, I can't make anyone fall in love with you. Sorry if I crushed your hopes there."

Shiroe's eyes narrowed as he watched the devil. "This sounds too good to be true." Common sense and every story he'd ever heard told him that a deal with a devil that sounded too good to be true, was too good to be true.

"I'm being genuine." Balthazar said. "All I really have to back that up is my word, so if you don't trust it, then I guess we're done. I'll be straight with you Shiroe. I want you in my peerage, but I'm not going to jeopardize the stability of my existing peerage to bend over backwards for you. If you make any outrageous demands or I feel like you'd make any of the existing members of my peerage uncomfortable, then you're out. Presently, I think you'd be a good fit, so the offer's on the table."

Shiroe looked back at the broken hole in space. "What can you tell me about the world I was going to before you showed up?"

Balthazar held his hand up to the Hole. "You are welcome to experience it firsthand for yourself. Caveat: This is a one-time offer. If you walk through that Hole, I'll leave you to forge your own path. My offer leaves with me and you'll never see me again."

Shiroe frowned. So here was the other shoe dropping. He could take his chances with the devil who presented a very tempting offer, so tempting as to be suspicious, or he could risk a complete unknown. Maybe he'd end up in a town where he'd have shelter and easy access to food. Maybe he'd wind up deep in a forest surrounded by monsters or in the fantasy equivalent of the arctic with no shelter in sight. It wasn't a risk he wanted to take.

"What would be expected of me as a member of your peerage?" Shiroe asked, purely to better weigh his options.

"As I said, each peerage is different. For a while, I'll leave you to your own devices for the most part. You'll be free to pursue your own interests so long as you're there when I need you. In the near future, that will involve participating in a Rating Game and potentially being on standby in case we're attacked. I've managed to make a couple powerful enemies."

Shiroe's eyes narrowed. "What enemies?"

"Helios and Boreas." Balthazar admitted easily.

Shiroe felt his mouth go dry. Surely he didn't mean…

Balthazar nodded, reading his shock. "Yes, that Helios and Boreas. Greek Titan of the Sun and the god of the North Wind and Storms. I told you I'd shoot straight with you Shiroe. I'm not going to hide the bad just to get you to agree. That might piss you off and leave us both stuck in a shitty situation. This peerage thing is permanent, so I need to be sure that you and I understand each other and can get along. I don't expect you to fight a Titan one on one in your first week, but if he sends his minions at us, I'm going to expect you to fight with the rest of us. We also have a Rating Game in about a week, and you'll need to at least be on the field even if you refrain from fighting."

Shiroe swallowed, trying to get his vocal chords to work again. The casual admittance that he might be asked to fight against the Greek Titan of the Sun had shifted the scales quite a bit. The arctic was still certain death, but maybe he could survive a forest infested with monsters?

"What's a Rating Game?" Shiroe asked, trying to fill all of the gaps in his knowledge.

Balthazar pursed his lips, considering how to answer. "Giant, flashy combat scrimmages between devil peerages. We fight in a controlled area with every safety precaution available to let us train and practice. The match we have coming up is against the second strongest peerage in the Underworld. Our last match was against the previous third seed and we beat them even with only half of our peerage. We have way more manpower and strength now. All we're missing is our last Bishop." Balthazar waved the chess piece in his hand dramatically.

"How many allies do Helios and Boreas have among the Greek pantheon?" Shiroe asked, focusing back on the Titan in the room.

"None." Balthazar said with an evil grin. "They've gone to ground. Olympus has cut them loose. Anything we face from them will be only what they personally can front."

From what little Shiroe had researched into Helios's court, that little amount still amounted to a lot. He quickly tried to weigh his odds fighting an army of nereids with devils for backup over his odds of surviving a forest full of death monsters on his own.

"Can I have some time to think about this?" Shiroe asked.

Balthazar raised an eyebrow. "So long as you hang out here, the offer is on the table. When you leave, you're on your own."

Shiroe nodded, moving away from the devil and from the swirling vortex that would send him on his way.

Shiroe took a deep breath. He held his hand out in front of himself, concentrating. He grit his teeth. He willed something to happen, anything.

Nothing.

Shiroe let out a frustrated huff, standing up straight and withdrawing his hand. His odds of surviving in a potential murder forest just dropped to zero. If he was sent anywhere where there wasn't immediate safety, he ran the risk of dying before he could learn how to use his character's powers. This wasn't a story written to ensure the main character made it through. This was real life with real consequences. He had no guarantee he would live to tomorrow if he walked through that portal. He would wake up tomorrow if he went with the devil. He could figure everything else after that. But first, there was one thing left for him to ask.

"Can you send me home?" Shiroe asked, walking back over to join Balthazar.

Balthazar considered him carefully. "What do you mean?"

"Can you send me back to the world I was isekai'd from."

Balthazar was quiet for a moment. "I'll be honest with you. I don't know. I have a very broad reach, but some places are locked away from me. I haven't tried to reach out to that world. I was more focused on reaching out to bring you here. I could potentially send you back, but I have no reason to."

Shiroe narrowed his eyes. "Not just to help me?"

Balthazar fixed him with a flat look. "Shiroe, I'm going to stay honest with you. I'm a devil. I'm not as much of a bastard as some of my brethren, but I'm not a shining example of nobility either. There is very little I wouldn't do for my people, but you're not one of my people right now. You're some random guy I am offering a position in my peerage. I have other options. You are definitely my first choice, but not my only one."

"If I join you, would you try to send me back?"

Balthazar was quiet for a moment. "No. I'd probably try to find the world you came from so you could visit on occasion if you wanted, but I wouldn't send you back permanently. If you choose to join my peerage, Hell will be your new home. You'll be a member of my family. You'd have to live with the family."

Shiroe nodded. "Thank you for your honesty."

"It's the least I can give you."

Shiroe gripped his chin in thought. He turned to look at the portal, watching the dark magic shift to and fro.

"You said I'd be a member of the family." Shiroe said, distracted. "Is your peerage a family?"

Balthazar smiled, warm and happy. "I like to think so. Some kings treat their peerages poorly. Some are servants, others are little better than slaves. We're different. My peerage is free to do whatever they want so long as I don't need them. Some spend that time bashing each other's teeth in because they're battle junkies, others drop thousands of dollars at Build-A-Bear every week. We all get along well. We help each other when we need it. We're there for each other. Isn't that what a family is?"

Shiroe's mind wandered back to many long nights spent alone, eating cup ramen heated in the microwave. Was that really all that awaited him in his old world?

"If I accept," Shiroe said slowly, turning to face Balthazar. "How does this work? Will I grow horns and a tail?"

Balthazar shook his head. "Wings. Nothing more. I just push the Bishop into your chest and it's done. There might be a moment of discomfort, but it will fade quickly."

Shiroe nodded. "Okay. I accept."

"You're sure?" Balthazar asked seriously.

Shiroe nodded. He wouldn't have said it if he hadn't already thought it through.

Balthazar stepped forward and pressed the chess piece into his chest.

Shiroe's breath caught as fire filled his veins. He gasped as wings exploded from his back. His vision went white. When he could see again, he was staring at his hands, huffing, feeling as if he'd just been struck by lightning…only the lightning didn't leave, it still crackled through his veins, swelling like a bound storm. Shiroe looked around in shock. The black void was gone. He was standing in an opulent hall with a high ceiling. A violet carpet sat atop dark floors. Gems dotted the walls.

Balthazar laid a hand on his shoulder. "Welcome home, Shiroe. It's good to have you here."



Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: Apr 20, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Escanor999, TheGodofCheese, Rorrim|mirroR and 1,294 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 16, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 35
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 24, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,578
Shiroe walked quietly at my side as I gave him the standard tour of the castle. When he saw something he didn't understand, he asked pointed questions. I answered his questions patiently and did my best to help him settle in. He'd only been a devil for somewhere around sixteen hours at this point. I'd shown him to his rooms when we arrived yesterday and gave him the opportunity to rest. He jumped on it.

Each section of the castle set aside for one of my peerage members had a host of its own rooms to give them their own private space. A bedroom, sitting room, study and bathroom were the main amenities. Each member of the peerage altered them to better suit their needs. Matatabi's rooms had been terraformed into a sea of cushions all over the floor and some even stitched into the ceiling to give her a better vantage point to nap from.

Shiroe seemed a little overwhelmed by all of the space. I wasn't sure exactly what his situation had been like in his prior life, but it was safe to say his current residence was better.

I'd put off the tour for today because I wanted to give him a chance to get his bearings. It seemed to have worked wonders. He wasn't nearly as skittish as he was yesterday afternoon. I let him have a meal brough to him by the skeletons, then picked him up when he returned the dishes.

"I appreciate the tour, Balthazar," he said, thankfully not hesitating to use my actual name instead of some grandiose title. "But, will I not be meeting the other members of the peerage?"

"My original plan was to show you around a little more, but I can introduce you if you want?"

Shiroe nodded. "I would prefer to meet those I will be living with. You mentioned your Queen and my fellow Bishop could help me learn to cast magic."

"I did. Come with me." I opened a Hole and walked with him through it.

"Just a moment, honey." Medea said over her shoulder, not turning away from the work bench in front of her. She held a glowing needle, gently engraving a shining breastplate on the table in front of her.

"Is that for Achilles?" I asked as I moved closer for a better look. I still maintained enough distance to avoid getting in her way.

Medea nodded, distractedly. "It is. I already finished his weapons and other armaments. This is the final piece."

"Achilles?"

Medea turned with me to find the new voice, when she saw Shiroe standing somewhat awkwardly behind her, she smiled warmly. "Hello. Am I correct in assuming you are our newest Bishop?"

Shiroe's thumb ran over his staff nervously as he nodded. "Yes. My name is Shiroe."

"It's good to meet you, Shiroe. My name is Medea. I am Balthazar's Queen."

Shiroe looked at me, seeming overwhelmed. "Achilles, and now Medea? Are they…?"

Medea chuckled. "We're the real deal, sweetie. You'll find our peerage is full of remarkable individuals."

"Shiroe was hoping you could help him get a handle on his magic. He's very new to all of this." I explained.

"Of course," Medea said easily. "Just let me finish this armor. I'll be right with you." She turned around and continued her engraving.

"If I'm intruding, I can leave you be." Shiroe said, shuffling awkwardly.

"And done!" Medea declared proudly. She spun around and clapped her hands. "Now let's see what we can do for you."

"Thanks, Medea. I'll leave you to it."

Shiroe's head snapped to look at me. "You're leaving me?"

I smiled and gave him an encouraging pat on the shoulder. "You're in good hands. If you need me, just reach out through the gem network or have Medea give me a shout. I'll see if I can track down Irene to come give you a hand." I stepped back into a Hole, leaving Shiroe in my Queen's capable hands. I wasn't the best teacher. Most of what I knew I learned from Medea or forced myself to figure out through sheer stubbornness. I wouldn't be much help tutoring someone with no magical experience.

"Hey, Bal!" Aqua greeted happily. She was sitting cross-legged on a couch with a bunch of stuffed animals strewn about her. She had an oversized teddy bear dressed in medieval knight armor sitting in her lap. The lights were all off, leaving the only source of illumination to be the tv in front of her.

"Hey, Aqua. How's it going?"

"I'm good. What's up?"

"I was hoping to enlist your help with something if you're not too busy."

"Sure. This is boring anyway." She turned off the TV and hopped to her feet, scurrying over to my side. "What are we doing?"

"I need your help finding a different world."

She frowned. "I'm happy to help, but Medea's better at finding places. I'm better at just going places."

"True, but I can't ask for Medea's help with this."

"Why not?"

"Because I'm trying to surprise her."

Aqua fixed me with a suspicious look. "Surprise her with what?"

"I'll tell you when we're out of the castle." I didn't think Medea was watching me right now, but she could view almost any room in the castle whenever she wanted. The only places she couldn't view were the private areas for my other peerage members and two of my guest rooms. I had a set of guest rooms for people I actually liked and trusted and a host of guest rooms for random people I didn't know that Medea was free to spy on.

I opened a Hole, pulling Aqua and I away from the Castle. I brought us to Lucifaad, entering a coffee shop to buy her a scone and a sugar-filled, caffeine drink while I explained what I wanted. The more I talked, the more excited she became.

"What are we waiting for?" Aqua demanded, grabbing my arm and dragging me out of my chair. Her Keyblade appeared in her hand. With a flick of her wrist, a Keyhole opened in space, sucking the two of us into it.


X


My search with Aqua was fruitful. We were going over the finer details of my plan when I was interrupted by something I wouldn't have expected. A mortal holding one of my flyers was reaching out to summon me. If I recall correctly, an angel and a wraith each had one of my flyers, but I'd only given them out to two mortals.

"Aqua?" I asked.

"Yeah?"

"Do you want to meet my new warlock?"

"Do you really have to ask? Let's go!"

I pulled us away with a Hole.

"My lord," Cyvis greeted me, dipping into a curtsy. Vellia knelt at her side.

"Please stop doing that." I said, waving for them to stand up.

Aqua pushed past me and waved, smiling wide at Cyvis. "Hi! We haven't met yet. I'm Aqua, Balthazar's Knight."

"It is an honor to meet you, my lady." Cyvis said, bowing her head.

"Uh uh." Aqua said, scowling. "None of that. Call me Aqua. I'm not above you, okay?"

Cyvis and Vellia shared an uncertain look.

"As you wish…Aqua." Cyvis said uncertainly.

Aqua nodded, satisfied. "Much better."

How come they listened to her when she told them to be more relaxed but not me? Was I not their boss?

I kept my internal grumblings to myself, instead looking around. This wasn't the room I'd met them in before. Shelves filled with aging books of all different sizes stood tall all around us. A number of tables stood in the center of the room. One table was laden with half-open books and stacks of others waiting to be read through.

"Did you already find something?" I asked, surprised. I'd asked them to look into something for me, but I kind of assumed it was a long shot. If I really wanted results, I should have asked much sooner.

"We did, my lord." Cyvis said proudly, hurrying over to one of the open books on the table. "My parents cultivated a library filled with many stories as well as copies of first-hand reports of various expeditions. This details a group that braved the Underdark to find Kharad-Veth. They had a brief encounter with Maltherion that ended with several members of the expedition being killed."

"Kharad-Veth? Maltherion?" I asked. The names meant nothing to me.

Vellia walked around the table to grab another one of the open books. "Kharad-Veth was a mining settlement close enough to the surface that it sometimes did business with Cyvis's ancestors. Maltherion is a lich said to travel through the Nine Hells and the Abyss collecting artifacts and specimens that interest him, my lord." Vellia said, handing the open book to me.

I thumbed through it. There wasn't much detail, just a lot of assumptions made about some great tragedy that befell the city after they uncovered something they shouldn't have. There was some speculation about demonic dealing and an ancient wizard who bargained with the Hells to learn the path to lichdom, wandering the lower planes collecting more power and knowledge in the wake of his 'ascension'. The guy sounded like a budget Acererak, just much less scary.

"You couldn't find any other leads?" I asked, knowing it wasn't likely. I'd asked them to track down an Amulet of Planes for me. I knew the amulets existed, but I also knew they were nearly impossible to come by. Honestly, it was a miracle they'd turned up anything. Even if I'd rather not tangle with a lich if I could avoid it.

Cyvis frowned. "I'm sorry, my lord. This was all we could find. Perhaps if we were given more time I could…"

I waved her off. "My timeline is pretty ironclad. It's not your fault that I didn't give you time to look for alternatives."

Aqua read the book over my shoulder with a curious look on her face. "Why did you have them looking into this guy?"

"He might have a magic item that lets him travel between worlds. I want it for the same reason I wanted your help today."

"Oh. Oh!" Aqua's eyes widened. Her lip quivered, tears were gathering in her eyes. "That's so sweet, Bal."

"It might not work out if this is our only lead." I said, rubbing my chin thoughtfully. "A lich rumored to travel the planes was seen in the Underdark seventy years ago? That's not much to go on."

"We can't not try, right?" Aqua insisted. "Think of how perfect it would be!"

I scowled, intently looking through the book again. I wanted an Amulet of Planes to give to Medea as an engagement gift. Currently, she was reliant on me and Aqua to travel to other worlds. My thought was, if Aqua was able to unlock the amulet's potential with her keyblade, Medea should theoretically have a method to travel independently.

I guess I could just put this whole thing off and wait until the wedding itself. I was artificially rushing myself because I wanted to make the moment I asked Medea to marry me special. That was the only requirement she'd given me when the topic of marriage was broached the first time.

"Cyvis, do you think you could find an alternative with a little extra time?" I asked.

Cyvis nodded. "I believe I can, my lord."

"Oh, come on!" Aqua said, scowling at me. "We're not even gonna try? Let's at least check if the shriveled idiot is there first. Between the two of us, it won't even take an hour."

"I'm wary about brazenly walking into what may or may not be a lich's lair without support. They're dangerous, Aqua." I protested.

She fixed me with a flat look. "And we're not? If you're worried, we'll pop back home and grab some back up first. Achilles would probably love to delve into the depths of another world to fight an undead monstrosity. If whatever is down there is too much for us, we can just teleport away. It's worth at least looking, right?"

I pursed my lips, looking back at the book in my hands. There was a rough illustration of the lich in question on the page. He wore a necklace with a dark chain. A circular pendant was affixed to the chain with a hole in the center.

I really wanted that amulet.


X


The Underdark both lived up to my expectations and failed to meet them. It was nearly pitch black down here. Wonderful and terrible flora grew from the ground and walls, glowing softly with orange and blue bioluminescent light. One of the plants tried to spit poison needles at us, but it was trivial to block the needles with a magical barrier.

I was sure this place was deadly for mortals, but I operated on an entirely different scale of power than this place. So far, we hadn't encountered anything that wasn't easily dealt with. Even the group of giant spiders that descended on us from the ceiling were incinerated by elemental fire before they got within thirty feet of us, and they had the element of surprise on their side.

I'd done my best to keep our group small while still overpreparing. I wanted us to be able to overwhelm anything we faced, but I also wanted Aqua and I to be able to rapidly evacuate everyone if the need arose.

Matatabi was napping, wrapped tight around my neck like a poofy, flaming scarf. She said to wake her up if we needed her. The warmth of her flaming fur licking my skin was oddly comforting.

Achilles walked at the head of our group, unafraid as he forged a path into the dark. Aqua walked at his side, making idle chatter with her fellow Knight.

Shang Tsung walked at my side with Mothra perched atop his head in her moth form. Mothra was loving the Underdark. She would periodically fly off of Shang Tsung's head to nibble samples of the various glowing plants. She seemed to particularly enjoy the poison plant that had tried to shoot needles at us.

I wanted to bring Irene to help us scry a path of where to go, but she and Medea were currently helping Shiroe get a handle on his magic. From what little I saw when I poked my head in the room, they were making substantial progress. Shiroe had a corona of bright blue energy surrounding him that flicked around as he flexed his fingers. I didn't want to pull one of his teachers away when they were starting to make real progress. Shang Tsung had been taught personally by Medea and could mimic her magic. He'd serve well enough as our mystical scout.

My two warlocks completed our merry band, walking in between my Knights and Shang Tsung and I where they were as protected as I could make them. Initially, I'd planned to leave them behind where it was safe. Then Aqua offered to let them come before I ordered them to stay. Achilles seemed to love the idea, and the warlocks both instantly jumped on the chance to charge headfirst into the Underdark with a party of devils.

Vellia already had armor from Medea. I pulled a mithril chainshirt out of storage for Cyvis and gave her some jewelry with other protective enchantments. Then I gave her a staff for good measure. Cyvis and Vellia had firm orders to leave most of the fighting to us. If they saw something that they thought they couldn't beat, they were to run to me or Aqua immediately so we could get them out of here. I wasn't going to lose my warlocks because I was looking for a necklace in the Underdark.

We'd been walking for close to two hours by this point. The Underdark was a maze of twisting tunnels and dead-ends. Spaced at random intervals, the tunnels gave way to massive caverns large enough to house a city. These gaps were simple enough to traverse. Shang Tsung would pinpoint the next tunnel we needed to travel down, then we would teleport to that tunnel across the vast cavern through a Hole. The tunnels themselves were more difficult to navigate. I could open Holes through them without issue, but blindly transporting us into different tunnels ran the risk of losing track of our intended destination. Walking was slower, but we were still making great progress. A journey that would have taken a mortal adventuring party weeks of careful traversal had cost us a couple hours of our time.

"We're close, my lord." Shang Tsung, wearing Medea's form, said as he blinked the scrying spell from his eyes. "There are ruins matching the description given in the report ahead."

"Everyone stay sharp. We don't know what we're walking into." Realistically, even a lich shouldn't be able to cause too much trouble for me, let alone with so many members of my peerage backing me up. Still, it was better to be careful.

The tunnel we were walking in opened into another monstrous cavern, yawning wide into a dark abyss. A sheer cliff dropped into a sloping pit. Even with my devil's sight, I could only barely make out the outline of a crumbled stone structure far below in the dark.

"Do you sense anything living?" I asked.

Shang Tsung shook his head, briefly flashing green as he assumed his true appearance. "I am unable to detect any living presence, my lord."

"Keep quiet. Keep your eyes peeled. Follow me." I ordered, curt. I opened a Hole and stepped through it first.

I emerged amid the ruins of a circular stone tower. Jagged rock and vines fell away from a half-collapsed second level. Brass cups and metal shelves lay shattered and broken around me.

Stepping around the tower, I got my first look at the city proper. It was far larger than I'd expected, spanning the entire floor of the cavern. Additional sections sat under overhangs cut into the rock. Most of the buildings were in various states of disrepair, collapsed inward or blasted apart by some unseen force. A scant few structures remained standing. Glowing vegetation had scaled their walls and overrun their roofs. No one was maintaining this place. It was a ghost town.

"Kharad-Veth," Cyvis breathed reverently, eyes wide. "It's still here. We really found it."

"Cyvis, where did the expedition encounter the lich?" I asked. Impressive as the newly discovered lost city was, it wasn't why I was here. Cyvis could send the location back to her people and have them catalogue it if she so desired. I didn't see much use in sifting through the ruins of a city in the Underdark when I already had so much going on.

"I…" Cyvis shook her head. "Forgive me, my lord. We came here for a purpose. The expedition never made it to the city itself. They were closer to the surface than we are now. I believe it would be best if we found a tunnel going upwards."

We all began looking around, eyes trained up towards the cavern walls to find an opening we could use to ascend.

Matatabi flinched, slowly unwinding until she was perched on my shoulder. She sniffed at the air in disdain. "Something stinks. Something rotten."

I sniffed at the air. I smelled the plants and the dusty interior of the buildings and the droppings of some creature that had made the ruins its home. I couldn't smell anything rotten.

"Do you know what it is?" I asked.

Matatabi shuffled her feet on my shoulder, arching her back into a mighty stretch. She hopped off my shoulder and started trotting forward. She turned to look over her shoulder and said, "Follow me. It's close."

Our party followed the small ball of azure fire as she patted along the dark stone ground. Matatabi nimbly weaved around debris, hopping over fallen walls and crumbled roofs without making a sound, pausing periodically to make sure we were keeping pace. She stopped at the mouth of a tunnel, obscured by a large boulder and blooming yellow foliage.

Matatabi's tails danced through the air behind her as she sniffed the air. She hissed in displeasure. "There is death in this cave."

"We seek the dead." Achilles said, an excited shine in his eye. His spear rested against his shoulder, shield affixed to his left arm.

I stared down the dark tunnel. Unlike the others we'd walked through to get here, there was no fauna of any kind. Bioluminescent flowers and fungus were common along our journey. Far down this tunnel off to where it turned out of sight, there was nothing. Maybe it was a coincidence.

"Keep your guard up. Matatabi, let me know if you smell anything else out of place. Shang Tsung, be on the lookout for magical defenses. Achilles, you're in front with me." I quickly ordered.

Achilles practically skipped up to my side. Matatabi leapt from the ground back onto my shoulder. Her tails wound around my neck and shoulder to secure her, eyes narrowed as she stared into the tunnel.

The others fell in behind us as Achilles and I led the way down the tunnel. After the first turn, I began to smell what Matatabi had described. There was something rotten. Something decayed. Something dead.

We might just be in the right place.

We followed the tunnel for several minutes. With each step deeper, the smell grew more repugnant until it was all encompassing. A final turn hooked to the right then opened into another chamber. I held up a hand to stall the others behind me, intently looking over what I could see of the room. Matatabi quietly hissed on my shoulders, the flames of her back licking back into the air like hackles.

The chamber ahead was far smaller than the massive cave that held the city of Kharad-Veth. It was roughly the size of a city block. The ground was mostly flat save for small clumps of material. The ceiling rose high into darkness so true even my devil sight couldn't pierce it. That shouldn't be possible. The only way something could best my devil eyes was through magic or some other supernatural phenomenon.

Shang Tsung slowly crept up to my side, his careful steps barely made any sound as he approached. Leaning in close, he whispered, "There is a large gathering of magic ahead."

"Tell Aqua to be ready to pull people out of here." I said quietly back. I flexed my power, opening small Holes near the ears of everyone around me. "Stay here until I say otherwise. Be ready for anything." I whispered through the Holes. I looked at Achilles and nodded.

He returned my nod with a grin, swirling his spear into a ready position. Together, we stepped into the cavern.

Achilles walked in the lead. I stayed close behind him to cover his back. The entire ceiling was coated in the impossible darkness. I couldn't perceive anything past it. On the ground littered around us were piles of rock and other clumps. Bones with crushed skulls and splintered femurs were set into neat piles at precise intervals.

I did not like this.

"You are not the first group of adventurers to find this place." a cold, disinterested voice spoke, echoing down from the dark. "You will not be the last."

Matatabi leapt to her feet, clambering up to the top of my head, hissing in warning up towards the ceiling. A low, rumbling growl emphasized by sharp clacks called back. A shape poked through the darkness. Impossibly white. Sharp. A fang.

Whatever illusion covered the ceiling unraveled around the fang, revealing a massive form clinging to the ceiling like a bat.

It had no skin. No flesh. No muscles. The skeleton of a massive dragon hung upside down from the ceiling, its wings of bone spread wide. A sinister green energy pulsed in the cavity of its chest. Its eyes glowed with undead light as it opened its mouth in a roar of challenge.

Matatabi's hiss turned into a roar to match. I felt her slowly expanding, growing larger.

I held up a hand. "Not yet."

Matatabi tensed atop my head, but slowly shrunk back down.

The creature I assumed to be a dracolich had yet to move, as if waiting for a command.

I gently pushed against the space with my magic, searching for anything out of place. There.

I ignored the dragon looming over me, turning to face an empty section of air to my right. "This does not need to devolve into a fight. I came here for a specific purpose. Once that purpose is met, I will leave."

Silence filled the cave for several seconds. Even the dracolich stopped shifting to leap towards us.

The air before me shimmered as an invisibility spell faded to reveal a wan figure floating fifteen feet off the ground. Shriveled skin clung to his bones, leathery and boiled with rot. The skin of his face was peeled away in places revealing the molars at the back of his mouth and an empty eye socket glowing with unholy power. In stark contrast to his flesh, his clothes were immaculate. Royal blue robes gently billowed around him as he moved through the air. A bronze staff in his hand held runes running along its length that glowed bright orange with magical power. A silver amulet with a blue saphire fixed to it hung from a chain around his neck. A simple gold band was worn about his head. Strips of leather held a book loosely against his hip like a satchel. He wore a ring on each hand. On his left, a gold band held a mirror that shined with power. On his right hand, a silver band housed a gem that seemed to contain a galaxy, nebulas and stars shifted within the gem.

"I am impressed you could sense my presence." the lich said, voice scratchy and unnatural.

"I am not the same as the adventurers you have killed en masse before. All I want is a single item. I heard from reliable sources that you frequently travel the lower planes." I said, keeping my voice even, calm. If I could avoid a fight and still get what I wanted, I'd consider that a win. If things devolved into a fight anyway, I needed to know this guy actually had an Amulet of Planes, otherwise this would all be for nothing.

The lich's cracked eyelids drew together as he narrowed his eyes at me. The effect was almost comical given I could see an empty socket where one of his eyes should be. "You are well-informed indeed. After I kill you, I will seek out those who told you of me. I enjoy my privacy."

"All I want is an Amulet of Planes. If you provide me with one, I will leave this place without destroying you. I am willing to purchase it from you. What would you ask in exchange?" I said. Matatabi bared her fangs and growled low atop my head.

The lich threw his head back and laughed. "You have come to court certain death for such a trifling thing? You are a fool, young man. I have had no need for such worthless trinkets in years. My creation is far superior." He held up his right hand, thumbing the ring he wore with stars in its gem. "You are amusing if nothing else. I will remember your foolishness. The same cannot be said for many I have killed. Farewell, mortal. Die."

I stepped in front of Achilles and hastily erected a violet barrier. Black, necromantic energy slammed into my barrier, shot forth from the head of the lich's staff. The dracolich above let out an unholy shriek as it let go of the ceiling, wings folding in close as it dove towards us.

"Attack." I said, into a Hole.

Matatabi leapt off my head, snarling as she rapidly grew to her true size. She met the dracolich's charge in midair, swatting at the skeletal dragon's head just as it released an acidic spray of necromantic ichor, slapping the attack off course to harmlessly flay the cavern wall.

Achilles dashed, body blurring with his speed as he closed the distance to the lich. Even I was shocked with how fast he moved. It was no surprise the lich was caught flat-footed.

Achilles's spear pierced the lich's chest as the undead tried to cast a spell. The point of Achilles's spear glowed with crimson energy as it punctured the lich's chest.

The lich howled in pain. A magical protection flared to life, blasting Achilles from point blank range.

Achilles was able to get his shield up in time to block the blast of magic. The lich used the opportunity to pull himself off his spear. Once free, he vanished in a puff of mist.

"My lord!" Shang Tsung called.

The ground split open behind me. A mound of bones behind me was engulfed in a volcanic inferno.

I frowned, looking around. Each mound of bones was slowly pulling itself together. Some split into four independent skeletons. Others collected together into large, misshapen monstrosities.

Mothra flew off of Shang Tsung's head, bobbing in the air as she slowly grew in size. A loud wail echoed off the sheer walls of the cave as the monstrous moth fell atop the dragon as it tried to shake Matatabi off. Her weight sent the beast careening into the ground. Pinned by Mothra, the dragon was helpless as Matatabi began rending it apart with her large claws.

Thunderous booms sounded behind me. Vellia and Cyvis had spread dark rifts and shimmering opal vortexes all around the area. Vellia stepped between them, slashing into the assembling skeletons while Cyvis supported her from afar. Aqua tore apart any creation that got too close to Cyvis.

I felt reality crack around us. A fiery vortex opened on the cavern floor. A large, furred arm reached out, grabbing the ledge and hefting itself up. A large ape-like beast with massive arms and bulging shoulders roared as it charged towards me. I felt the fiendish nature of the creature. The lich was summoning demons.

I opened a Hole in front of the demon. A spear flew out of my Hole as if fired from a ballista. The spear took the demon in the chest and knocked it backward to the ground. Three more Holes opened above its body, sending three more spears into its wriggling form. It stopped moving.

To my left, Achilles had engaged a mass of moving shadow shaped like a man. His spear cleaved through the semi-corporeal monster, tearing at its immaterial body as easily as if it were made of styrofoam.

A second form clambered out of the vortex my first opponent crawled out of. Clay-colored skin was taut across bulging muscles, boiling unhealthily in places. Dark spines stood up from the creatures back like obsidian daggers, poised to cut and puncture.

The pure darkness of the cavern was banished as elemental fire poured down on the hulking creature from every direction. The beast let out an agonized screech as fire from the creation of the world scorched its body into nothingness.

"Balthazar!"

My head snapped around at Aqua's desperate shout.

Aqua was frantically pointing to the far side of the cavern. "He ran! He used that ring before I realized what he was doing. I can follow him if we go right now!"

I looked around at the state of the cave. The dracolich was still pinned, thrashing futilely under Mothra's weight in an effort to escape as Matatabi ripped it apart bone by bone. Shang Tsung and Achilles wove between the skeletons and demons, cutting them apart. They rapidly moved around the cave, using Cyvis's opal vortexes and Vellia's dark rifts to teleport freely. My two warlocks supported Shang Tsung and Achilles, following them around and covering their flanks while they dealt with the weaker skeletons to let my Pawn and Knight fight the greater demons.

"Go, my King!" Achilles called happily, a bright smile on his face as he cut down another demon. "Leave this to us!"

"Call through a Hole the instant you need us!" I called back. I didn't like the idea of leaving them alone. I especially didn't like the idea of leaving them alone without Aqua, effectively trapping them here. Shang Tsung would be able to teleport them back to safety if the need arose, but they'd be stuck without any means of planar transit.

The idea of letting this prick of a lich get away irked me even more.

Aqua's keyblade was already aimed at a distortion in the air. As she channeled her power through it, the rift grew large. Reality wobbled unnaturally as she forced space to comply with her demands.

"We need to go right now!" she shouted.

I appeared at her side through a Hole. She wrapped an arm around my shoulders and dragged me forward. A dark keyhole opened in the rift in front of us, sucking us through.

We stumbled to a stop, our footsteps clapping on cold grey stone bricks. We were in what appeared to be the interior of a medieval castle. Torches of black metal hung on the walls around us. The room was square. A single wooden door in front of us was the only exit.

Standing opposite the door near a wall of stone bricks, the lich held his robes open with one hand, poking at the puncture wound in his undead chest left by Achilles's spear.

His head snapped up in shock as we appeared. "Impos–"

The rest of what he said was drowned out by the crackle of dozens of magical traps activating simultaneously.

I unceremoniously dragged Aqua down to the ground beneath me, standing over her as I erected layer upon layer of amethyst shields around us.

The first layer of shields was sundered under the force of five glyphs firing black death magic at us. The next layer crumbled under the force of twelve green rays of pure destruction. Layer after layer of shields was broken by fire, lightning and necrotic power. Outside the barrier, a thick green acidic mist crackled against the air, swirling about as it sought a path through my shields.

Aqua reached up. Her hand closed into a vice-like grip around my belt. She stabbed her keyblade into the floor beneath us. Another keyhole opened, sucking us both down.

We spilled onto the floor of the cavern we'd just left.

I rolled to my feet, calling my Sacred Gear to my hand in its glaive form to bisect a lumbering demon charging towards us. I sent a wave of fire into a group of approaching skeletons, turning them to ash.

"I have the location of the place he fled to now." Aqua said, slamming her keyblade through a massive skeleton, sending bone fragments flying in every direction as it was destroyed. "We have to go back quickly. He might try to flee to another world again. We need to be there when he does or I might lose him."

I looked around. The demons and skeletons were steadily shrinking in number even as more demons were summoned by magical glyphs carved into the ground and the walls. My peerage was simply too much for the army the lich summoned to fight us. The dracolich's once furious struggles had grown weak. Its ribcage was gone. Matatabi was prying its head from its elongated neck.

Seeing they had things well in hand, I nodded to Aqua. "Let's go."

She opened another keyhole. I held a violet shield in front of us as we emerged from the keyhole. We returned to the same room. The air was still thick with the acidic mist. I forced it away from us with my barrier.

The lich was nowhere to be seen. The stone floor in the center of the room where we'd appeared was a maze of sundered stone. Whatever spell traps the lich had laid had done a good job of completely destroying the floor.

I looked around the room, frowning as I reached out with my magical senses.

"Come on, we need to hurry!" Aqua said, making for the door.

I grabbed her arm, stopping her from moving forward, eyes narrowed suspiciously at the door.

The lich had centuries to trap both the cave and this space, what I assumed to be a demiplane of his own creation. He wouldn't make anything easy on someone who made it here and was trying to kill him.

If he really was a budget Acererak, then it was safe to assume that everything here wanted to kill us and that the only way to beat his games was to follow a very specific path through the hell we were in.

I looked back to the other side of the room where the lich had been when we'd arrived. He'd practically been standing against the wall.

I opened a hole, blasting pure demonic power into the wall where the lich had been standing.

The wall was sundered under the force of my power, blown outwards into a concealed hallway.

Immediately, even more magical traps triggered, sending more death magic and elemental horror towards us.

I was more prepared for it this time.

Dozens of Holes opened in the path of the magic, swallowing each spell and trapping it harmlessly in one of my pocket spaces.

When the magical assault faded, a long stone corridor was revealed, ending at a wooden door at the end of the hall.

I didn't trust anything in this place. Every brick was probably trapped and every door likely led to the Abyss for all I knew.

I opened dozens of small Holes connected to points along the hall. I fired precise bursts of demonic power through the Holes, punching small holes in the stone walls of the hall and the door at the far end.

The hallway turned into a vibrant lightshow as even more traps triggered, sending spells flying all over the place. I absorbed any that came near us into Holes, watching the hall intently. In the right wall, only ten feet from the room we were standing in, another corridor was revealed through the fractured stone.

I opened a Hole to the space connected to where I stored an army of Medea's skeletons and Shang Tsung's animated armors, dropping a single skeleton into the hall.

More explosions sounded as the skeleton triggered innumerable traps by its mere presence, sundered under the force of the magical traps. This lich had set every brick in this place to kill any intruder.

I'd call him paranoid, but his protections paled in comparison to the absolute death trap my castle would be for any hostile force that tried to invade it. Medea had been downright wicked as she had her army of skeletons assemble our home, a trait I openly encouraged. A few glyphs set to trigger at an enemy's presence was nothing by comparison.

"Let's go." I said, stepping into a Hole. Aqua followed behind me.

We stepped over fragments of purple bone and crumbled rock, emerging into a large chamber. I kept my eyes and mystical senses peeled for further traps, but I saw and sensed nothing. It appeared as if we reached the heart of the lich's demiplane.

The room was built like a large stone box. The ceiling rose high enough to accommodate a dragon. Sheer walls boxed us in on all sides.

The space itself was cluttered. Every space was filled with something. Floating workstations drifted lazily past bookshelves anchored to points high up the wall. Chests overflowing with gold and racks displaying glowing swords and axes rested along the perimeter of the room. Weak skeletons moved between large basins and heated vats, carrying vials of glowing liquid. Piles upon piles of magical scrolls were neatly cataloged in a specially designed rack. In the center of the floor, a pulsing golden magical circle glowed with power. Bands of arcane runes snaked away from the circle, running along the floor and up the walls. I felt a great protective energy pulsing from the circle. It shielded the demiplane, protecting it and hiding its presence. It should have been almost impossible to locate. Whatever was powering the magic circle was strong.

"There." Aqua said, pointed with her keyblade, eyes narrowed.

The lich was here, feverishly fiddling with a scroll. The front of his robe was still pulled open, revealing the gaping wound Achilles gave him.

The lich snarled when he saw us. "You've made a grave mistake coming here. Mortis!" He pointed his finger at me, calling out a word of power.

I erected a barrier. The magic passed right through my shield to impact me in the chest. I felt it connect. I felt a wave of power wash over me…and do nothing.

The lich staggered backward, shocked that I still stood. His surprise quickly gave way to fury.

Dozens of Holes opened all around him. The lich was assaulted from all sides by scorching elemental flame. He hastily erected shields, desperately fending off the fire.

I switched tactics. Concentrated blasts of demonic power fired from the Holes, punching through his shields with ease to assault his body. My attacks sent the lich pinballing back and forth, battering him from all sides. In a burst of silvery mist, he escaped my death trap, falling into a heap on the ground near the far corner of the room.

The skeletons paused in their work, dropping what they were doing to charge towards us.

Aqua's body shimmered, splitting apart into nine echoes. Each copy charged a different skeleton, easily blasting the weak undead apart. Three others charged towards where the lich was frantically scrambling to his feet.

The lich growled in anger as he saw Aqua approach. He gripped the pendant on his neck. Spells woven into the pendant activated. Layers of mystical protection fell over the lich as he flew up into the air. "Contractus aeternus! Virexa Sarexa Lien!" he shouted, teeth clacking together viciously.

Faint, far away, I heard a cry of pain. The cry was quickly forgotten.

I felt magic gather into a tidal wave in the archway leading to the hallway behind me.

I stepped through a Hole to dodge what I assumed was an attack. It wasn't.

A yawning, dark portal rimmed with opal energy expanded into being right before the hallway. The flaming tip of a dark sword was the first thing to emerge from the portal.

A dark gauntleted hand followed. A bipedal form slowly stepped into the chamber. A dark cuirass hugged her form close. She carried a flaming dark chain in her opposite hand. Two small, pointed horns rose away from her coal-black hair. Dark wings with feathers like those of a raven spread wide behind her as she fully entered the chamber. She wore no helmet, revealing fair skin and sinister orange eyes.

"Kill them!" the lich ordered, firing a beam of sickly green energy at one of the Aquas charging him. His spell impacted the copy, scattering it into motes of golden energy. He cursed as he was forced to teleport in another puff of silver energy lest two other Aquas cleave him apart with their keyblades.

For now, Aqua seemed to have the lich on the backfoot, I turned to fully face this newest arrival.

Unlike the demons the lich summoned in the cavern, the creature across from me radiated immense power and authority. She was leagues above the others on the fiendish totem pole.

I was a moment away from opening Holes all around her to pincushion her with magical spears when her eyes widened and she took an unconscious step backwards.

She gasped. I heard a sound like shattering glass. Motes of magical energy drifted out of her right gauntlet, scattering into the air.

In a move that shocked me, catching me completely flat-footed, the woman placed the tip of her sword into the ground and knelt before me, averting her gaze.

"Forgive the disrespect, lord." she said, eyes fixed on the floor. "Infernal law dictated I must serve Maltherion."

Heat waves shimmered over her shoulders as she looked up to glare at the lich. He was frozen in complete shock in the middle of the air, allowing one of the Aquas to slash him from behind.

The woman stood, murderous fury coming off her in waves. "Centuries as your thrall. You utter fool, our contract restricted you from turning me against the powers of Hell."

"Cease your blathering and kill them!" the lich shrieked.

The woman dropped her chain to the ground. She raised a hand towards the lich, closing it into a fist.

For a fraction of a second, the lich froze in place. He shook off her spell almost instantly, but the moment's pause was enough for another Aqua to cut into his midsection.

I kept an eye on the woman, not fully trusting her sudden allegiance shift, but the opportunity to destroy the lich before he could escape was too useful for me to pass up.

Holes opened all around the lich. He was able to deflect the first three spears with magical shields. After a punch of demonic power shattered his shield, the next four spears connected, driven half through his body before they got stuck, sending him spinning to the ground.

Four Aquas were on him in an instant. The lich closed his right hand into a fist channeling his power. Before he could complete whatever he was attempting, one of the Aquas cut through his wrist with her keyblade, severing the lich's hand from his body.

The lich let out a roar of frustration and pain, raising a hand to blast Aqua's copies away. The lich was pinned to the ground, his magic forgotten as a flaming sword pierced through his chest. The horned woman leaned over him, wings spread wide around his body, grinning evilly as she twisted her sword in his chest.

Using the opportunity, I opened another Hole right above the lich's head.

The lich screamed in rage and agony as elemental fire engulfed his head, spreading down his withered form to char his entire body.

The horned woman laughed, a merry, delighted sound as she watched the lich writhe and burn. "Our contract is complete, Maltherion." She taunted. "Now I will collect my price."

The lich desperately raised his remaining hand to blast her away. One of Aqua's copies severed that limb as well before he could do anything meaningful with it.

After that, it was just a matter of seconds before my fire melted the lich to ash. His body collapsed in on itself, lacking any structure. Any nonmagical material he had been wearing was gone, slagged with the lich himself. The magical vestments he wore – the robe, the crown, the book, the staff, the amulet – rested buried within his ashy remains. His severed hands rested on the stone floor away from his body, the magical rings on his fingers glowed softly.

One of Aqua's bodies quickly ran to the lich's severed right hand, ripping the ring from his finger and secreting it away before she turned to face the horned woman, watching her suspiciously.

I fell in next to two Aquas, closing ranks as I watched the woman tear her sword free of the stone it had pinned the lich to. She rested the sword's crossguard against her hip. A strip of dark leather moved of its own accord to secure the blade to her side. She turned to face me. Once more, she surprised me when she knelt.

"I was unable to properly greet you, lord. I am Virexa, Erinyes of Dis. I served as Lord Dispatar's emissary to the fool you have slain." she said. Her voice lacked the venom from when she mocked the lich. She was clinical, listing facts, and unemotional.

I forced myself to stay relaxed, to breathe easily. This little jaunt to find an Amulet of Planes had just escalated into a very large potential problem.

The politics of the D&D lower planes were a convoluted nightmare. I was fairly certain I had managed to avoid detection on their radar up to this point due to luck and the overlapping layers of bureaucracy. My warlocks were blips on Hell's radar, but insignificant ones. This? An erinyes claiming to have been dispatched personally by the lord of the second layer of the Nine Hells? This was not a small blip. This was a wave, potentially a tidal wave. I needed to be careful with how I handled this.

She clearly recognized that I was a devil, though it seemed she wrongly assumed I was a devil from the same cosmology as her. She apparently could also somehow sense that I was a lord among devils. I couldn't even begin to guess how she could sense that. I'd worry about it once I sorted out this mess. I needed to be careful here lest I accidentally start a war with Hell.

"What was the purpose of your contract with the lich?" I asked, more to buy myself some time to think than out of actual curiosity.

"Maltherion beseeched my lord centuries ago for the secret to eternal undeath. My lord ordered me to negotiate on his behalf. In exchange for the secrets he sought, Maltherion would attempt an impossible service for my lord." Virexa frowned. "Maltherion accomplished his task, invoking clauses in his contract that forced me to serve under him until he broke his contract." Her grin returned as she turned to look up at me. "Now that he has broken the terms of his contract, his phylactery is forfeit into my possession. You will allow me to collect what is mine by infernal law, won't you my lord?"

I nodded easily. I did not need to piss off all of Hell over a lich's soul. My only concern was him reconstituting his body and coming after me or my warlocks out of a desire for revenge. If Hell had him, that was practically an impossibility. "I will not interfere." I assured her.

Virexa nodded, as if she had expected my answer. "A moment please, my lord." She stood, raising a hand. The flaming chain she'd dropped moments after exiting the portal flew across the chamber into her waiting hand. She placed it on her other hip. It wound itself orderly and another strap extended from her cuirass to secure the corded chain.

Virexa took flight on her wings, flying to the ceiling of the room.

I moved close to Aqua as Virexa punched through the brick into a secret compartment, batting aside fiery magical traps that attempted to roast her alive.

"I want you to go check on the others." I said quietly to Aqua. "Once we know they're safe, we'll try to find what we came for quickly and leave."

Aqua's copies merged into the form at my side. She pressed the lich's ring into my hand. It was the silver band with a living galaxy in its gem. "This is better. I'm taking the other items he wore. Cyvis might be able to use them."

"Take the book for sure." I said, looking at the tome where it lay amongst the lich's ashes. If the lich had lived as long as Virexa claimed, that book was worth more than any amount of gold to a young wizard. A centuries old lich's spellbook? There was literally nothing more valuable to a young wizard than the knowledge housed in those pages.

Aqua nodded. "I don't trust her. Be careful. Call me if you need me." She hurried over to the lich's remains and gathered up his staff and other armaments, being sure to secure the book. With one last distrustful look up at Virexa, she opened a keyhole and was gone.

I looked up as Virexa's wingbeats grew closer. Cradled in her hands, she held a glowing diamond that fit in her hand. Inside the diamond in a hollowed out chamber glowed with unnatural green energy. She secreted the diamond away in her cuirass.

"There is one more thing I must do before I depart, lord." Virexa said as she landed in front of me, tucking her wings behind herself.

I readied myself for a fight as I asked, "What is that?"

"My lord's task he put before Maltherion was to defeat an angel. Elariel had forestalled his interests in the mortal world for some time, always ensuring her actions were just shy of violating celestial treaties. Maltherion was not of Hell. He could act against her without any breach of contract. We expected him to fall in the attempt." Virexa frowned. "He proved more capable than we assumed. His minions weakened her. He used them as pawns to tire her, then he defeated her. Rather than kill her, he put her to another purpose." Virexa motioned to the glowing magical circle etched into the floor of the chamber.

It took me a moment before I realized her meaning. "He imprisoned her. He's using her power to fuel the wards around his demiplane." Suddenly, the cry of pain I heard earlier made sense. The lich pulled Virexa through the wards by force. The angel likely felt that as a physical blow. She didn't react to Aqua's departure because Aqua's keyblade allowed her to simply bypass such defenses.

"The angel must be dealt with before I depart. She cannot be left alone here lest someone find this demiplane and free her." Virexa walked to the wall to the left of the hallway's opening. She pressed a specific brick. The wall opened into a hidden stairwell, descending down in a spiral. She motioned for me to follow her.

I wasn't beholden to her. I didn't need to follow. Curiosity got the better of me.

Before I entered the stairwell, I opened Holes all around the chamber, pulling anything that looked interesting into a pocket dimension. I could sort through all of the loot from the lich's lair later, but I wasn't sure if killing the angel would destabilize the demiplane, and I wanted everything secure before anything happened to the angel.

When I entered the stairwell, the chamber behind me was empty save for scattered bones from destroyed skeletons and broken rock from erratic spells.

The stairwell wound back around to face the direction we'd entered. Virexa had waited for me at the foot of the stairs. She led me through a simple stone hallway. An intricate brass door stood at the end of the hall. The door lurched, locks unlocking to swing open as we approached.

I half-expected a trap until I realized Virexa held the lich's soul on her person. The defenses were likely programmed not to function while he was present.

The room beyond the door was small and circular, only as large as the spell circle etched on the floor above.

Virexa had told me Maltherion kept an angel prisoner down here. I knew what to expect, I was still surprised by the brutality of it.

The angel hung suspended from the ceiling in thick magical chains. The white dress she wore was torn and blackened by soot and grime, no longer able to preserve her modesty. Her golden hair was matted, hanging wildly down from her limp head. Her pearl-white wings were pinned to a magical circle on the ceiling, mirroring the one above. Thick, magical nails were driven through her wings, securing them to the magical circle as they sapped her strength. Her palms were similarly nailed to the ceiling. Her feet dangled from the chains wrapped around her midsection, cracked and bloody.

How long had she been trapped like this? It was barbaric. I wasn't a saint, but the sight awakened a murderous rage in me.

"You were so proud once." Virexa said, slowly approaching the bound angel.

The angel flinched, as if only just realizing she had company. Weakly, she lifted her head. Pure golden eyes peeked through the dense veil of her hair. "Virexa," she said with cracked vocal chords, the words a strain. Her eyes focused on the diamond Virexa lifted up before her eyes. "Is it over then?"

Virexa nodded. "Maltherion has breached our contract. His body is destroyed. I am taking his soul back to Dis."

The angel's head fell to hang limp once more. "Finish it, then." Her voice was weak, resigned. She'd given up.

Virexa made a considering sound as she approached. She gently brushed the angel's hair behind her ears. "That would be such a waste, Elariel. Wouldn't you like to hear my alternative?"

"I don't care anymore. Play your games, then be done with me." Elariel said weakly.

Virexa gently petted the angel's head. "Your god and your siblings have abandoned you to rot here. Why not find a new home? A new beginning? I will draft a contract. I will free you. In return, you will come home with me."

"I will not become a devil. Just kill me." The angel's voice was still weak. A faint trace of resolve firmed her broken voice when she declared she would not become a devil.

"Oh, but that isn't the deal I propose. You will return with me. You will reside in Hell for one-hundred years, serving as an arbiter of justice. At the conclusion of the century, you will be free to go where you will. The contract will only persist if both parties agree to extend the duration." Virexa's voice was like honey. She gently caressed the angel's broken flesh.

The angel was silent. "You will put it in writing. I will go free." The faintest trace of hope clawed its way into her eyes.

"After one-hundred years, you will be free to go where you will." Virexa agreed easily. She flicked her wrist. A flaming parchment with glowing orange infernal writing appeared in her hands. She held it up so the angel could read.

Many minutes passed as the angel read the contract again and again. Finally, she said, "My hands… I cannot sign." She pulled ineffectually at where her palms were nailed to the ceiling.

An infernal pen appeared in Virexa's hand, she held it up to the angel's mouth.

The angel glared at her, accepting the pen after a moment. She scribbled a messy signature onto the page. The flaming parchment exploded, vanishing into the air.

"It is done." Virexa said, a content smile on her face. "Lord, will you help me?"

It took me a moment to realize she was talking to me.

I was all too happy to smash the nails pinning the angel to the ceiling. She let out a cry of pain with each nail destroyed.

My Sacred gear appeared in my hand in its halberd form. I cleaved through the chains holding her like butter. She fell to the ground in a heap. The moment she touched the ground, I felt the magical protections around the demiplane sputter and die. The magical circle on the ceiling faded, now inert.

I reached into a Hole and withdrew a simple grey gown, offering it down to her.

With bloody, trembling hands, she accepted it. I turned around while Virexa helped her into it. I heard tearing as the fabric was made to accommodate her wings.

Virexa helped the weak angel up the stairs. Once we had returned to the chamber, she quietly said, "Contractus aeternus."

Once more, a yawning portal opened in the hallway leading away from the chamber.

Virexa helped the angel limp through the portal. She paused once the angel was through, turning to face me. She bowed her head. "You have done my lord a great service. You have freed me from my contract, destroyed Maltherion's body, allowed me to claim his phylactery, and assisted in the binding of a once powerful solar to his service. May I have your name, lord, so I might inform my master of the assistance you provided?"

I considered her request for a moment. Ideally, I would have stayed on the far periphery of Hell's radar. That was no longer possible after this encounter. Even if I'd wanted to silence the Erinyes by killing her, she would just reform in Hell once slain, allowing her to speak of me all the same. I'd rather Hell have a positive first impression of me than a negative one. If things devolved too far into hostilities, I could just leave and lock the world behind me, annoying as that would be.

"I am Viscount Abaddon, Lord of the House of Abaddon." I said, giving her enough, while withholding my first name. I knew D&D devils could utilize true names to create problems. I wasn't sure if they could use my name in such a way, but it was better to be safe than sorry. Or were those demons that used true names? Maybe it was both of them? I needed to brush up on my knowledge of the Hells and the Abyss yesterday. I'd get Cyvis on it once I was done here.

Virexa frowned minutely, studying me like a puzzle. "Lord…Abaddon…?" she said it as if it didn't fit. I could tell she believed me, but something wasn't computing in her mind.

"Forgive me, lord, I am unfamiliar with your house." she said leadingly.

"Unsurprising. I am independent, but I am willing to work with your master and his allies. Please give your master my greetings. I sincerely hope the angel and the phylactery are of some use to him."

Virexa dipped into a shallow, respectful bow. "You honor my lord, and in so doing honor me, Lord Abaddon. I will extend your greetings to the Master of Dis. Farewell, lord." She turned and strode through the portal. It snapped shut behind her.

Two figures shimmered into being at my side as their invisibility spell faded. I felt them arrive when Virexa and I were speaking to the angel. They'd stayed hidden, watching in case I needed backup.

"I think she could see us. She looked right at me and smiled." Shang Tsung said, a displeased frown on his face.

"She did the same to me." Aqua said, eyebrows furrowed.

"For now, she isn't an enemy. If that changes, we'll keep that in mind." It wasn't uncommon for high-ranking devils to be able to see through illusions in D&D. "How are the others?" I asked.

"Everyone's fine." Aqua assured me. "Everything in the cave was dealt with. I brought the others back to Cyvis's home before we came back here. There wasn't anything interesting in the cave aside from a bunch of magical traps meant to summon demons and raise the dead. I think the lich just lured people there to make it easier to kill them with his demons and the dragon."

Shang Tsung smirked. "He wasn't expecting Mothra and Matatabi."

I pulled out the ring Aqua had given me. "You said this was better than the Amulet of Planes we came for?"

Aqua nodded. "He used that to flee here. He tried it again when we were fighting him, but I was able to block it once I knew what he was doing. The amulet you described had an element of uncertainty to it. That ring does not."

"I'll have Irene look it over for curses and other nasty surprises when we get back. She'll be able to tell me what all it can do." If there weren't any issues with it, then this ring would work as my intended gift. If Irene, a master enchantress, and Aqua, a Keyblade master, could improve it then it would be even better. I looked around the chamber once more, ensuring I'd already packed up everything of value. Satisfied, I opened a Hole. "Let's get out of here."

Today would likely have some unsavory consequences as far as my presence in D&D was concerned. If things got too scary, I'd withdraw from the world, likely grabbing my warlocks and bringing them with me. I hoped it wouldn't come to that, but I'd be watching just in case.
Last edited: Apr 20, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,434 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 24, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 36
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jan 31, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,737
Medea was in her lab, back to the door and a glowing gem in her hand. She hummed a gentle tune as she used the gem to carve runes into a metallic disk on the table before her.

"Hi." I said, walking up behind her and slowly wrapping my arms around her.

"Hi, honey." she said, still focused on the disk on the table.

"I'm sorry if I'm interrupting."

"I'll be done in a moment. Please give me a bit of space until then."

I nodded, stepping back and quietly watching her work.

Medea tapped the gem against the disk. It let out a shrill ring as it glowed a bright, verdant green.

Setting the gem aside, Medea turned around. "What did you need?"

"Are you busy right now?" I asked.

"Not particularly. Why?"

"Would you like to go on a little trip with me?" I asked.

Medea's eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Irene told me she would handle Shiroe's training today. She refused to let me help her. What did you put her up to?"

I smiled knowingly. "I only asked her to make sure you had some free time today. So!" A Hole opened to my right. I held out my arm for Medea to take. "Do you feel up for a little jaunt?"

Medea's lips curled up into an amused smile. With slow, deliberate steps, she walked to my side and took my arm, leaning into me slightly as we walked. Side by side, we stepped into the Hole.

The moment we emerged from the Hole, I covered us in illusions. Medea layered more advanced illusions over mine a moment later before looking around curiously.

We stood atop a hill overlooking a vast plain of tan dirt. To our right, ranks of armored men with spears and shields yelled out war cries as they began a charge. The men wore armor of various designs. They were grouped together among others wearing similar apparel, but they all answered to a man riding one of the few chariots sprinkled through their formation.

Standing with shields and spears raised ready to meet the charging force was another group. Men all wearing the same bronze armor stood disciplined as they awaited the charge. Ranks of the men stood in defense of a tall wooden gate. The walls around the gate were made from tan stone bricks the same color as the dirt that rose high into the air. On the ramparts of the walls their allies stood with bows and arrows, strings already drawn. The defenders loosed their arrows as one, raining death on the charging attackers.

The two forces met. The ranks of defenders buckled under the sprinting charge of the attackers before the men in the second rank supported the first, keeping them upright and able to continue fighting. A cacophony of warfare assaulted the air. Spear hafts slamming down atop shields. Screams of impaled men. The ring of swords meeting. The thunk of axes buried into shields.

"Where are we?" Medea asked, looking over the field quizzically. "I imagine you wouldn't bring me to a random battlefield."

"This is the first battle of the Trojan War." I explained. "Actually, I guess it would be more accurate to say that this is the first battle of a Trojan War given how many worlds throughout the multiverse seem to have this same conflict play out roughly the same way."

Medea's eyes widened. "Another Achilles is down there?"

I nodded. "A different version, not as skilled nor as powerful as our Knight."

"Ajax? Odysseus? Hector?"

"All present."

Medea pursed her lips. "So many of Greece's greatest legends partook in this one conflict."

"It's a little humbling to observe it. This conflict shaped the course of history." I looked at Medea as she began to quietly laugh. "What is it?"

Medea smiled up at me, amused. "Honey, you are shaping the course of history. Whether you are aware of it or not, your actions in our world will have far-reaching consequences that echo throughout the entire world. Why watch history when you can shape it?"

I pursed my lips as I thought over her words. Between my business, my ability to walk between worlds, my peerage, the whole mess with Helios and Boreas, and now the warlock thing, I guess I was shaping history. Suddenly, the conflict below didn't seem so awe-inspiring.

With the battle having lost its luster, I shrugged, turning to Medea. "Well, the battle wasn't what I brought you here to see. It was just a primer."

Medea raised an eyebrow. "If not to witness history, why have you brought me on this little 'jaunt'."

I smiled knowingly. "It's a surprise. Come with me." I gently tugged on her hands, pulling her towards another Hole in space. We walked through it, leaving the carnage at the gates of Troy behind us.

The expanse of tan dirt was gone. We stood on another hill overlooking lush verdant fields. Grass, brush and sparse trees all shone vibrantly in the afternoon sun. In the distance, a massive city stood, bisected by a wide river. The walls were grey and black stone. Within the city, a palace atop a hill was visible, surveying all around it.

Medea's breath caught. It was rare that Medea was ever surprised or shocked into inaction. This was one of the rare occasions where she completely locked up.

"Medea?" I asked, concerned. I took her hand, rubbing gentle circles on the back of it.

Medea squeezed my hand tight, her eyes fixed on the palace in the distance. "Aea." she said, voice barely a whisper. "We're in Colchis."

I nodded slowly, watching her reaction carefully. "It isn't the Colchis of our world. As you saw, the Trojan War is still going on here. This is as near as I could find to the Colchis you knew."

"I… What is your plan? Why bring me here?" Medea asked.

"That's up to you, Medea. What do you want to do? Would you like to leave?" I hadn't expected being here to stun her so much. Maybe this was a mistake.

"No!" Medea said quickly. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Her shoulders visibly sagged as she relaxed. "No, let's go into the city. I want to… I want to look around."

"Okay," I said slowly. "You lead. I've never been here before." That, and I wanted her to move at her own pace, only going where she wanted to.

Medea cast another illusion over us. Her wings shot out of her back and she took to the sky, racing towards the city.

I hurried to catch up.

We flew in silence. Medea drank in the city and the small buildings around it, eyes wide and a brilliant smile on her face.

"I haven't seen the city since I was exiled. It's…strange to be back." Medea said slowly, as if even she wasn't sure how she felt about returning.

"We'll take it slow. If you want to leave at any time, let me know and I'll take us away."

"We can't leave now." Medea said, fixing me with a look of false sincerity. "We've only just arrived!" Medea's wings banked as she turned into a dive, heading down towards what looked to be a market district. I followed.

We landed in an alley out of line of sight and undid our illusions after our wings were gone. Medea cast a different illusion over us, altering our clothes and changing the features of her face so she wouldn't be recognizable. Hand in hand, we walked into the thoroughfare.

For the next hour, Medea dragged me along behind her. We visited stalls selling trinkets of carved wood and sculpted metals. We sampled fresh fruit brought in from neighboring farms. We had a drink in a tavern. We watched small ships launch onto the river, heading out towards the Black Sea.

Medea laughed as she pulled me along to watch a wrestling match. Two large, muscular men nude as the day they were born grunted and roared, doing their best to throw each other out of a drawn ring in a sandpit. It was an…interesting experience. The culture shock hit hard with that one.

We found a square with musicians playing music and citizens dancing. Medea dragged me with her into the center of the square, forcing me to dance. I only made a slight fool of myself. She did a good job of keeping me from tripping over my own feet.

As the sun started to descend, casting an orange glow across the sky, Medea seemed to have her fill of Aea. I asked her if she wanted to visit the palace before we left.

She frowned. "That isn't my home anymore. There is nothing in that structure of any significance to me."

Sensing the minefield I was treading through, I let the subject drop, following her to another alley. We cast more illusions over ourselves and took to the sky. We left the city. I let Medea take the lead, following wherever she wanted to go.

Upriver there were a series of rolling hills. Medea landed atop the tallest one. There was a single alder tree growing from the crest of the hill. Medea sat down with her back resting against the tree and looked at Aea in the distance. I joined her.

"I used to come here often." Medea said, her eyes far away. "I never could sit still. When my lessons failed to entertain me, I would run through the hills to find something that caught my attention." She looked up at the tree. "This isn't the same as the spot in my world. The tree was much older. Taller." She closed her eyes and leaned back. "But it will do well enough."

I gently took her hand.

Medea smiled, shuffling across the ground to lean into me, resting her head on my shoulder. We stayed like that for a long time.

"This was a good day." Medea finally said, opening her eyes and looking out at the sun setting over Aea. The sky was going dark.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it." I said, running a hand through her hair.

Medea looked up at me with a knowing smile. "Not that I don't appreciate the lovely trip you arranged to spend time with me, but I seem to have a nagging suspicion that you brought me here for a reason."

I smiled. I didn't expect I'd be able to hide my intentions from her. One of the main reasons I made her my Queen was her intellect. "I doubted I'd be able to surprise you, but I wanted to make it special."

Medea feigned confusion. "Special? Whatever could you mean, master?"

Chuckling softly, I gently extricated myself from our embrace and stood. "I know I said this would likely happen after the Rating Game, but, through no small assistance from our peerage, I was able to arrange everything earlier than I anticipated."

I knelt on the ground. Medea watched me like a hawk as a Hole dropped a small, velveted black box into my hand. I pulled the box open, revealing a silver band. A gem was affixed to the band. It seemed to contain an entire cosmos. Gleaming stars and colorful nebulas gently flowed through the gem.

"Medea," I began. "My Queen, the love of my life, would you do me the honor of– Oof!" I was knocked backwards as Medea leapt forward to tackle me in a hug.

"Nothing would make me happier." Medea said, leaning down atop me to claim my lips in a hungry kiss.

I reached up to the back of her head to hold her against me.

Medea grabbed my hand pulling it off her as she pulled away from me. She didn't let go of my hand. My left hand.

In a flash of violet energy, a ring appeared in Medea's hand. A golden band with a small, sculpted amethyst set into it. The inside of the band was covered in glowing red runes so small as to almost be unreadable.

Medea brought the ring close to my finger, then hesitated, features growing conflicted.

Frowning, I asked, "What's wrong?"

Medea nervously fidgeted with the ring. "I finished this ring some time ago. It took me a long time to make. I put many bindings into it in addition to its beneficial effects."

"What kinds of bindings?" I asked, reserving judgement for after her explanation.

"We'll be connected. Forever." Medea admitted quickly. "I will be able to share your mana. You will be able to share mine. Much like a Master-Servant bond, we will share our thoughts and dreams. No matter where you go, we will be able to feel each other. If you are ever in danger in another world, I will know. It will shield your mind from all but me. If anyone tries to control you or turn you against me, the ring will prevent it. It–" She abruptly caught off.

"What is it, Medea?"

She looked away, not meeting my eyes. "You will never be able to take it off. Once on your finger, it will stay there. We will be bound for eternity. Should you ever die, your soul will not be claimed by any power. You will stay with the ring. It will ensure you always find your way back to me. If you put this on, you will be mine forever."

A long time ago, Medea loved a man named Jason. She sacrificed everything she had for that man, her home, her family. That man left her with nothing, scarred and alone. I knew that Medea still bore the scars of her past – the scars Jason inflicted. I knew that despite how much time had passed, she still held that fear deep down inside, despite her best efforts to smother it, that I would do the same thing he did, that she would be alone again after losing everything a second time.

I reached up with my right hand, gently gripping Medea's chin and turning her face so I could look her in the eyes. "An eternity spent with the greatest love I will ever know?" I released her chin, covering her hand with mine and guiding it to my left ring finger. "I can't think of anything I'd want more." I helped her put the ring on my finger.

I felt a pulse, emanating from the ring and reverberating throughout my entire body, a wave of energy that lit my nerves on fire. The wave left my body, echoing through Medea. She gasped, eyes flying wide.

I felt an unbreakable bond form, a connection between the two of us. I could feel her magic. I could feel her.

'Medea?' I thought in my mind, reaching for the connection.

Medea fell on top of me. Her lips crashed into my own, tongue plunging into my mouth.

'Mine!' I heard Medea's voice shout in my head as she crushed herself against me.

My hand found the back of her head. My other arm snaked around behind her back, pressing her down into me.

'My fiance! My husband! MINE!' Medea's voice echoed in my head. She pulled away from me, looking down at me with a look of pure joy and desire. Her hair fell around us, like a veil shielding us from the problems of the world.

Medea laid a hand on my chest. My shirt began to disintegrate, spreading out in a wave from her hand.

"I'll make you another. I need you now." Medea said quickly, leaning back down to claim my lips. Her hands wandered all over me. Her fingers brushed against my leg. I felt my pants begin to disintegrate along with my shirt.

Two could play that game.

I ran my hands over Medea's back. Fire danced across my fingers, burning her dress away with carefully controlled licks of flame. I dragged a hand around her side to her front, sliding my palm down her stomach and lower, trailing demonic fire that burned away her dress. I extinguished my hand and curled two fingers down when they reached her mound, plunging inside her.

Medea broke from our kiss with a gasp. I reached up to grab her neck, pulling her back down to my lips as I spread my fingers inside her. She clenched down on my fingers. They were already coated in her juices.

'I need you right now, Balthazar.' Medea said in my head, our lips still locked together in a desperate kiss. She reached down, hurrying along the destruction of my pants to grab me.

I pulled away from our kiss, sucking in air as she guided me to her entrance with a firm hand. Medea leaned down, reclaiming my lips, refusing to let me escape.

'You're mine now, my love.' Medea said in my mind. 'I'm never letting you go.'

Medea fell onto me, taking my full length in one motion. Our lips came apart in a mutual gasp only to immediately rejoin as we pulled each other close.

I pulled Medea down on top of me, rolling to the side so she was laying in the grass and I was on top. I kept our lips pressed together and pressed myself deep into her to maintain our connection.

'You can't say things like that and not expect me to respond.' I said in her mind as I began to thrust myself into her hard. Her words mixed with the sensation of her presence in my head was driving me crazy. I needed her just as much as she needed me.

Medea moaned, trying to escape our kiss. I didn't let her, claiming her lips again as I drove into her.

'I love you!' Medea screamed into my mind. 'I love you, Balthazar!'

'I love you, Medea.' I said back. 'I'm yours.'

Everything was too much for me. The feel of Medea under me. The touch of her presence in my mind. The ring on my finger hummed as if joyous. I couldn't last.

Medea felt my struggle in my mind. Her legs wrapped around me, holding me against her.

'Inside, my love.' She said in my mind, mouth occupied by kissing me like she was trying to steal my air. 'I need it.'

With one final thrust, I came undone, grunting and falling atop her. Medea's legs tightened around me like a constricting snake, ensuring I stayed right where she wanted me.

We held each other, both of us were spent, desperately trying to catch our breath.

Both happy.


X


Night had fallen on Colchis. Medea and I lay side by side in the grass atop a hill, nude as we looked at the sky together.

Medea was pressed up against my side, idly running a hand over my bare chest with a happy smile on her face.

"We might have skipped a few steps." I said, caressing her shoulder with my thumb.

"How so?"

"Typically, magical bindings of eternal love should wait for the wedding, not the engagement."

"Why wait when I know what I want?" Medea asked as she pressed a kiss into my neck. I couldn't argue with her logic.

Medea laid her head on my chest, tracing a finger over my skin. "I can't express how glad I am that I met you, Balthazar. You took a woman that was dying in the mud and turned her into a Queen. You let me find a home again. You gave me a home. More importantly, you gave me you." She tilted her head up to kiss my chin.

"I wouldn't have any of what I do without you, Medea." I said truthfully. Without her item creation, without her skeletons, without her counsel, without her presence, none of what I had accomplished would have been possible. I would have crumbled under Bedeze's heel the moment I grew too annoying for him to ignore. The only reason I was able to best him so soundly was because of the lengths Medea went to to make sure we were safe.

Medea hummed, content as she nuzzled against me. "It's a wife's duty to see her husband happy."

I pressed a kiss into her temple. "Speaking of, you didn't give me a chance to give you your ring." A Hole opened above my hand, dropping the same black, velvet box into my hand.

Medea lifted it out of my hand, shuffling on the ground so she could sit up. She opened the box, smiling happily as she watched the stars move in the gem. "It's beautiful."

I sat up with her, wrapping my arms around her from behind and kissing her shoulder. "Beautiful and functional. Look closer."

Frowning, Medea's eyes flashed violet. She gasped. Her head whipped back to look at me. I smiled when I saw the pure shock on her face.

"Is this really…?" Medea said, as if to crush a blooming hope.

"Faerun has many items that facilitate travel between the planes connected to it. I thought that if I could find one, Aqua and Irene could help me improve it or make something better using it as a base. That happens to be the strongest item of that effect I have ever heard of. Aqua unlocked its potential and Irene layered some more enchantments on it to bind it so it can't be taken from you. It now has the ability to transport the wearer between worlds instead of just between the different planes connected to that one specific world. I wanted you to have the same freedom I do. I want you to be able to come with me wherever I may go. I want you to be able to go wherever you want to go. Afterall, it's a husband's duty to see his wife happy."

Medea watched, transfixed as I took the ring out of the box and lifted her left hand, sliding the ring onto her finger. It was too large, but the moment it was on her finger the band shrunk down to fit her perfectly. Another bit of magic Irene worked on the ring.

Medea closed her eyes, concentrating for a moment. With a pop of magical energy, Medea disappeared. She was gone completely from the world. I still felt her presence through our new connection. She was far, far away. Another pop. Medea returned, immediately tackling me to the ground. Her lips were on mine.

'It's perfect; better than I could have ever expected.' Medea said in my mind, voice full of gratitude and love.

I held her against me enjoying her warmth. 'Only the best for the future Lady Abaddon.'

Medea locked up, freezing on top of me. She pulled back, looking deep into my eyes. "Say that out loud."

I smiled up at her, gently cupping her cheek with my hand. "Only the best for you, Lady Abaddon."

An expression of joy mixed with hunger overtook Medea. She fell upon me again, greedily claiming my lips. Her hands roamed over my chest.

'You don't get to sleep tonight.' she said in my mind, already reaching down to guide me inside her.

For some reason, I couldn't bring myself to care about a little lack of sleep. I wound my arms around my fiance and loved her through the night.


Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,375 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jan 31, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 37
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Feb 7, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,817
Growing up, Vellia did not have many prospects available to her. After her parents abandoned her, her grandmother tried her best to give Vellia the skills she would need to lead a good life, but her grandmother never learned skills one could use to live an ordinary life.

From a young age, Vellia was taught to fight and forage, to hunt and make a comfortable shelter for the night. Her grandmother was a wanderer. It was all she knew, so she taught it all to Vellia.

Selling her sword kept her fed, but it did not allow her to make plans for the future. She had no future. All there was was the next meal and the next job. Vellia expected that was how it would always be until she would one day face a foe that she couldn't beat. Then her brief, if exciting and well-travelled, life would end.

Vellia never planned for Balthazar Abbadon.

Overnight, Vellia finally attained something she'd lacked, something she'd spent her whole life searching for; purpose.

Vellia often fantasized of being called to one of the Sword Coast's city-states to serve as a noble lady's body guard or a knight in a lord's charge. She would have steady meals, her fill of adventure, and a place to return to when her travels ended; a home.

Now, Vellia had all that and more. She had a lord. She had immense power the likes of which even her grandmother would be awed by. She had a purpose. She had a friend that shared that purpose.

"He is far greater than I could have imagined." Cyvis said, staring blankly at the ceiling. It had been several minutes since their lord and his peerage left them in Cyvis's home. The elven woman collapsed onto the nearest sofa and stared up at the ceiling, a faraway look on her face.

"What do you mean?" Vellia asked. She had been content to leave Cyvis to think until she spoke. After spending so much time with her, Vellia learned that Cyvis had moments where she desired silence or to be alone. Not because she didn't enjoy Vellia's company, but simply because she needed a moment to herself.

"I expected a barbed devil. Maybe a bone devil at best. I knew you couldn't speak about him, but I didn't expect your master to be a Viscount of Hell who travelled at the side of one of Hell's rulers."

Vellia smirked. "Our master."

A small, happy smile pulled at Cyvis's lips as she met Vellia's gaze. "Yes, our master." She sat up straighter. "A month ago, I never would have imagined any of this was possible. I never expected to find a devil patron that wouldn't immediately demand my soul. I never expected to brave the underdark and best an ancient lich, a dracolich, and their army of demons with a company of devils whose powers defy the wisdom of every text ever penned about their kind."

"Not like the stories, are they?" Vellia asked.

Cyvis shook her head. "No, they are not. But it's not just the stories, Vellia. When I learned I had a talent for summoning demons, I sought out every academic text I could about demons and devils both. Lord Abaddon…he is different. There is no mention of Serafall Leviathan in any text I have read. If one of Hell's rulers were named Serafall Leviathan it would certainly be notated, yet there is nothing. I have researched the Hells extensively. I know the name of the lord of each layer. I have sought out knowledge of the infinite layers of the Abyss and know many of its lords as well. Serafall Leviathan and Viscount Balthazar Abaddon do not exist."

Vellia frowned. "What are you saying?"

Cyvis shook her head, a happy laugh bubbling up from her chest. "I'm saying that our master is a hidden gem unknown to the wider world. We've witnessed the proof of his power with our own eyes. His servants put the legends of great dragons to shame. His estate was vast. I only saw it for a moment, but I was filled with awe. He gave me an enchanted mithril shirt and the spellbook of an ancient lich as if they were paltry things! His power is flowing through our veins, making us so strong." Cyvis held up a hand. A pearl-white line in reality appeared above her hand. She stared at it, transfixed. "In all my readings, I have never found mention of a power like that which he has given us."

Vellia relaxed, a happy smile on her face. She already knew that her lord was great. Cyvis's praise only confirmed her own feelings.

"He'll make us strong." Vellia said, thoughts drifting back to the dark sky and vast expanse that was Lord Abaddon's seat of power. Vellia had always wanted to serve a great lord. Balthazar Abaddon was the greatest lord one could serve. She would need to work hard, prove herself. Only then would her master entertain the idea of letting her serve him in his home.

Maybe one day, Vellia could call that place home?

"Come," Cyvis said suddenly, standing. "We have much work to do. There is business to see to. I believe we should reach out to some other powers in the city and negotiate to expand our reach beyond merely iron mines. Kharad-Veth was once a great mining settlement before it fell to unknown demonic interference. I think it is safe to say that Maltherion and his dealings with the Hells were that interference."

"What are you getting at?" Vellia asked.

Cyvis grinned, eager. "Once we have sufficient workers, we can reopen the mines in Kharad-Veth. That will expand our options considerably. We'll need more guards, more miners, more supplies…but we can do it."

Vellia raised an eyebrow. "Setting up in the Underdark seems risky, doesn't it?"

"Kharad-Veth is close enough to the surface to avoid most of the issues that come from the Underdark. So long as we hire capable guards, there should be no issues. Failing that, I can summon and bind demons to act as security."

"Didn't the city fall because of extraplanar interference? Should we really be summoning demons down there?"

"Maltherion likely didn't care what happened to the city so long as he got what he wanted. I'll be more careful. I'm not suggesting we do this overnight. We have time to take the proper precautions. I'm sure Lord Abaddon would be willing to supply us with more aid if we outlined the rewards we could reap from the city's ruins. But that can come later. We'll need a larger workforce. It would be better for us to expand on the surface first, then move down to Kharad-Veth. It is unlikely anyone else will discover the ruins for some time, so we can prepare."

Cyvis took a deep breath. "I would like to draft up some proposals before returning to my studies. This gift…" Cyvis hugged a faintly glowing, leather-bound tome to her chest. The spellbook of a powerful lich that had lived for centuries, and Lord Abaddon had just given it to her. The ink on the pages within the book was more valuable than diamonds. It would be some time before Cyvis would be capable of using the full breadth of what she'd been given, but she would work hard to take full advantage of her lord's boon. "There is so much to do."

Vellia stood, grinning in anticipation. "Then let's get to it."


X


"Anything?" Serafall asked.

Ajuka shook his head, placing the glowing parchment on the table. "Nothing. You're sure we've successfully recreated the same conditions?"

Serafall sighed. "All but one."

Ajuka nodded knowingly. "Our location. It seems probable that the world itself facilitates the connection."

After Serafall's most recent vacation with Balthazar, the kid had shown her something that was truly amazing. Unprecedented. What she'd seen had the potential to be as influential to devils as Ajuka's Evil Pieces had been. That wasn't a comparison she made lightly.

Already, Balthazar's value to devilkind was incalculable. His ability to move between worlds, opening devils to the riches and powers of those worlds, was an irreplaceable asset. Maybe Kuisha Abaddon could accomplish the same feat, but Serafall wasn't willing to hold her breath on that. Surely if this were an ability any Abaddon could duplicate with Hole, someone in the family's history would have done it. No, it was likely a mutation allowing Balthazar to reach so far with his Clan Trait. He needed to be protected at all costs.

That was before. He was irreplaceable before he'd shown Serafall a way to give others his Clan Trait. Sure, it wasn't a one-to-one copy. Did that matter?

No. Balthazar had demonstrated the ability to give others his Clan Trait. That was massive. One of the biggest reasons devils were able to stay on top of the supernatural was the overwhelming power of pillar devils and their clan traits. If they managed to duplicate Balthazar's warlock thing and were able to give all devils a version of those same clan traits?

It was obvious why Serafall had immediately run to Ajuka and explained everything, practically begging him to try to duplicate the results. They'd grabbed one of the film crew Serafall worked with and trusted and bound them with so many contracts to prevent them from speaking of this that the poor guy could barely open his mouth anymore. They'd spent the last three hours trying to make him into a warlock.

Unfortunately, they seemed to be lacking a very key ingredient in the equation. Balthazar told her that some function of the world they were in allowed him to make his warlocks. Could this power be harnessed by someone else? The next time he brought her there, could she do what he'd done? Would her warlock have some variation of her power? Would it be a variation of her mutated clan trait or the Sitri Clan's original clan trait? Was whatever was allowing this a limited resource? Could they only make so many warlocks as a race before the resource that allowed the creation of a warlock dried up? Could they find some way to duplicate that resource here, allowing devils to create warlocks in this world?

Serafall had far too many questions and no answers to any of them.

Balthazar's Rating Game was just a few days away now. After the Rating Game, she'd go talk to him again to see if he'd be willing to take her to that other world. She needed to test if she could make a warlock the same way he did. If she could…

Balthazar seemed to have a habit for uprooting the status quo of the Underworld, but Serafall couldn't really bring herself to complain.

Now if only Athena would stop sending her angry letters. Maybe she should get back to doing her job before the Greeks declared war on the Underworld.

Although, armed with this information, Serafall couldn't help the little voice in her head that dared Zeus to try.


X


Circe sat at her loom, humming a gentle tune to herself as she worked. She was making a sea green gown. She took her time with the process, imbuing each fiber with her magic. It was a practiced exercise, one she'd done many times before. Relaxing. Enjoyable.

Circe frowned, ceasing her work. She looked out the window of her small home. Someone had entered the wards at the edge of her island.

Sighing, Circe stood. She put aside her work and walked to the door. She closed and locked it behind her as she walked down to the beach. There was someone there waiting for her.

Floating a few feet off the ground was a beautiful man. He wore a simple white cloth around his waist, barely preserving his modesty. Hair like golden ambrosia danced in the breeze. His shoes had wings, fluttering at a stable rhythm to keep him aloft. He held a caduceus staff in his hand.

"Hermes," Circe greeted, polite but not welcoming. "Why have you come?"

The messenger god's typical playful smile was nowhere to be seen. Hermes's expression was serious. "You went to Hell."

Circe nodded easily. "I did. I was visiting my niece and my former sister-in-law."

"Your former…?" Hermes's shocked expression gave way to cold indifference. "Father has banned all travel to Hell."

"Lord Zeus does not control where I travel."

Hermes seethed. "Do you not know what they did to us, Circe? Thrinacia is gone. They took Lampetia and Phaethusa."

"I left before the attack. I only learned of it upon my return. I would have gone regardless."

Hermes snarled. "Circe, they are the enemy!"

"Zekram Bael is the enemy. He was the one to ruin Thrinacia. My niece and her lover had no hand in it. Their only crime is defending themselves from my father's foolishness."

"Not all of us are as impulsive as your father, Circe."

"Yet all devils should be judged as one? That is hypocritical, is it not?"

Circe had rarely seen Hermes angry. He was too free-spirited to let much of anything bother him too much. She saw his ire now. His narrowed eyes, the curling of his hand into a fist.

"Father wants to talk to you." Hermes said, tone dangerous. "He needs to know what you did in Hell."

"I have already told you. I visited my niece and her lover. You may inform Lord Zeus of my activities yourself." Circe turned, beginning the walk back to her small home.

The sound of feverishly flapping wings assaulted Circe's ears. Hermes was a blur. He flew around in front of her, blocking her path.

"Father will speak with you, Circe. It wasn't a request." Hermes said, low and threatening.

Circe paused, eyes narrowing. Over the years, her relationship with Hermes had been easy. He often visited her island. She enjoyed their conversations, but she never fooled herself into believing the flighty god considered her a true confidant or friend. It was not his way. He never allowed himself to become too invested in anything or anyone lest it tie him down. Circe had no doubt he would drag her before Zeus without a moment's hesitation if he felt it necessary.

"I have no desire to meet with your father." Circe said.

"You will meet him regardless." Hermes slowly drifted closer.

Circe scowled. "Many of you on Olympus look down on those of us you believe lesser. We do not reside on your mountain, so surely our value must be less. We must be weaker. That arrogance has always irritated me."

The wind picked up, dancing between the trees, growing into an angry howl. The messenger god shifted to accommodate the wind blowing into his floating body.

"Just come with me, Circe. I do not want to hurt you." Hermes said, his expression morphing into that of a concerned friend. Circe saw right through the practiced mask.

"You won't." she said with certainty.

A great roar shook the sky. Hermes froze in place. That sound was not the wind.

A great rhythmic thumping like the beat of a drum drew nearer. Circe did not look away from Hermes as a giant metallic dragon swooped to the ground behind her. Its giant head appeared over her right shoulder. Elemental fire swam between its teeth as it bared its fangs in a deadly growl. Silver scales flaked with gold caught the light as the dragon's tail curled protectively around her.

"You come to my island. You make demands. When I do not submit to your demands, you make threats. You expect me to bow and grovel simply because you come from the sky. You forget, Hermes, you are not on Olympus. This is my home. You will not inflict your will upon me without consequence." Circe said coldly, her gaze boring into Hermes.

Hermes watched the dragon carefully. Its golden eyes did not blink, meeting the god's gaze unflinching. Hermes could sense the powerful magic animating the great dragon. He could likely overcome it. He would not do so unscathed. It was rare that an Olympian needed to consider consequences such as pain or retribution. Hermes was frozen in indecision.

Finally, Hermes came back to himself, scowling unhappily. "I will tell my father of this. Do not expect the next messenger to be so accommodating." With that, he was gone, flying off into the sky to disappear amongst the clouds.

Circe shook her head, frowning unpleasantly. "All bluster. It's all he's ever been good for."

The dragon purred softly, leaning down to nudge her shoulder with its large nose.

Circe's melancholy was banished. She looked up at her creation with a bright smile. "Thank you, my friend. I'm sorry for moping." She scratched under the metal dragon's chin as she ran a hand over its foreleg.

This dragon, Anankos as she'd named it, was one of her greatest creations. Circe had brewed many potions over the years, some great and powerful, others barely able to bloom a flower.

A concoction she completed centuries ago had stayed on her shelf for years, waiting for the proper time to see use. That time came when Circe returned home from Hell with dragon scales and mythical metals she would likely never have access to again.

Circe worked her magic, breathing life into the metal. Anankos was born. Curious, Intelligent. Compassionate. Strong. He was a good friend. Circe had been excited to introduce him to Artemis. That meeting would have to wait now.

Circe was no fool. By banishing Hermes from her island, she had slighted Zeus. Zeus did not respond to slights well at the best of times. Now? After his unshakeable image had been threatened by the barbaric actions of Zekram Bael? He would make an example out of her.

Circe had lived on this island for many long years. She knew its every secret and loved all of its flaws. When Zeus came for her, he would destroy everything around her. So long as she was here, he would be able to find the island.

Circe gently petted Anankos's head, sighing sadly. She would need to leave. Her illusions would protect the island, hiding it from mortals and gods alike so long as she was not present. If she was elsewhere, her home would be safe.

Now, she needed to find somewhere to shelter from Zeus's retribution.

She had an idea or two.


X


Remiel calmly walked through the underbrush, making his way through the trees. Blessed as he was with his visions, it was rare he was surprised. Still, finding Boreas in this place was a surprise.

It had taken longer than normal for Remial to turn his sight on the storm god. Boreas had covered his tracks well.

"This is the location, your grace." Father Martin said, bowing in deference as they emerged from the treeline. Ahead, a small, two story building with boarded up windows stood alone amongst the trees – an abandoned homestead that once belonged to the Pendragon family. How Boreas came to be accepted through the wards was a mystery that still eluded Remiel's understanding.

"Thank you, my son. For accompanying me, and for shouldering this burden." Remiel said, laying a comforting hand on the mortal's shoulder.

Father Martin bowed even lower. "It is an honor to be called to serve our Lord, your grace. I will do whatever is required of me."

Remiel's sight warned him of impending danger. Moving quickly, he pulled Father Martin close, covering the human with his body as he rapidly repositioned.

Ice and lightning rained down where he once stood. Elemental manifestations of frost and storm energy rose from the ground at the perimeter of the building.

"I have not come to fight." Remiel declared, his grace carrying his voice with authority through the clearing. His surroundings were bathed in holy radiance as Remiel revealed his true self, robed in the purest white with ten angelic wings spread wide behind him.

Father Martin fell to his knees behind him, clutching a crucifix and whispering a feverish prayer.

The elementals paused, surprised by the appearance of such a powerful Seraph.

"We share a common enemy." Remiel said. "I would speak with the god of the northern wind."

Frost gathered atop the grass, condensing as it rose in a clump. Sparks of lightning zipped through the fog as a face appeared, then a body. Boreas stood before Remiel, watching him with suspicion. "What business does Heaven's Guiding Light have with me?"

"I have had a vision." Remiel explained. "You will fight Balthazar Abaddon."

Boreas grinned, eager, anticipating. "Good. That bastard took my daughter from me. I will–"

"You will die." Remiel interrupted him. His vision had been clear. Boreas would face Balthazar. Boreas would be overwhelmed, having underestimated just how absolute the young devil's mastery of his clan trait was. Balthazar would appear behind the god, a glowing golden-pointed spear in his hands. The spear would pierce the storm god from behind. Boreas's flesh would rapidly wither and decay until he was no more. This was the vision Remiel had seen, the vision he had come to prevent.

As Remiel expected, Balthazar was too dangerous to the stability of the world to allow him to live. His potential to kill a god was dangerous enough on its own, but he also incited other devils into a frenzy. Zekram Bael had destroyed Thrinacia in defense of the young upstart, driving the precarious balance of the supernatural to the brink of war. Remiel needed to act. Balthazar must be dealt with now, but he must be dealt with in a way that would prevent further suffering. Boreas was the perfect choice to eliminate the devil.

The Greek pantheon had cut Boreas loose. He no longer enjoyed their protection or their support. If Boreas killed Balthazar, the devils would respond against Boreas alone. The rest of the Greek pantheon and, more importantly, the rest of the world would be protected from devilkind's wrath. This was Remiel's best chance.

Boreas was silent for several seconds. A flurry of emotions passed over the god's face. Resolve hardened in the wake of the storm.

"If your purpose here is to tell me to flee, I will not. I will kill the devil, regardless of what you have seen." Boreas declared.

Remiel smiled. "I am glad you are so resolved. I have not come to caution you into hiding. I have come to offer assistance. Father Martin?" Remiel turned to the mortal at his side.

"Just say the word, your grace." Father Martin said, resolve firm.

"Who is this?" Boreas asked, looking down on the mortal.

"This is Father Martin, a gifted exorcist in service to the church. He carries one of my father's gifts to mankind." Remiel explained.

At Remiel's nod, Father Martin held out his hand. An ornate silver staff appeared in his hand. A crucifix at the staff's head glowed with holy power.

"Balthazar Abaddon is able to defeat you by using his devil power Hole. Father Martin's Sacred Gear, Trick Vanish, has the power to seal the power of a supernatural creature. Preventing Balthazar Abaddon from using Hole is within Father Martin's capabilities." Remiel explained. Remiel did not recognize the spear Balthazar used in his vision. It was likely a creation of Medea, and therefore difficult or impossible for him to influence. Balthazar's ability to use his clan trait was something Remiel could influence.

Boreas considered Father Martin in a new light. "What do you ask in exchange for this power?"

"Kill Balthazar Abaddon." Remiel said, expression serious. "He is a grave threat to the stability of our world. I have seen it. Treat Father Martin with dignity and respect, and accomplish our shared purpose. At the end of it, you will make no mention of Heaven's aid to you."

Boreas slowly broke out into a grin. "I can agree to that. The mortal will be in good hands here."

Remiel turned to Father Martin. "You carry a heavy burden, my son. Carry my blessing with you to lighten your load." Remiel bent down, lightly kissing Father Martin on the forehead, imparting a fraction of his grace into the man.

Father Martin made the sign of the cross and spoke another prayer. "Thank you for setting this task before me, your grace. I will triumph in the name of our lord."

"Go in peace, my son." Remiel said, a warm smile on his face.

As Boreas and his elementals welcomed Father Martin into the home, Remiel frowned. The sight behind his eyes showed him the same picture, Balthazar Abaddon driving a golden spear through Boreas's back.

Remiel shook his head. His visions often did not account for his own actions. It was one of the curses he carried in exchange for his sight. He had faith in Father Martin. He had faith in Boreas's, a god's ability to kill a near-infant devil. He would put his faith in his father's memory. All would end as it was meant to.


X


The sun boiled with fury. The air around Helios's form hissed as he passed. It had been eons since he last felt such pure, concentrated hatred.

Thrinacia, his shining jewel, his light in the mortal world, was gone. Its remains did not even lay in the ocean. The very memory of his paradise had been erased from reality.

His prized cattle were stolen, displayed in a devil's menagerie like trophies.

His beautiful daughters…enslaved.

The world warmed as the sun's rage grew into an inferno.

Boreas, the gnat, pleaded with Helios to deal with their shared enemy first. Helios left the weak god to his vendetta. Balthazar Abaddon had slighted Helios when he reincarnated Medea. That slight was not forgiven. However, after a difficult conversation with his daughter Circe, a conversation that involved lots of yelling on his offspring's part, Helios's ire towards the devil had dimmed.

Circe had always been fiercely protective of her niece. She would not advocate for the Abaddon lord unless Medea had truly joined him of her own free will. The revelation that Idyia not only lived but had chosen to take up residence in Hell with her daughter and Abaddon gave Helios pause. Balthazar was not the vile cretin the sun had assumed, merely a vile hellspawn like the rest of his cursed race. Balthazar Abaddon and the debt he owed the sun would keep.

Helios had a new enemy, one he must now focus the entire breadth of his power towards eliminating. Zekram Bael believed himself to be untouchable. The ancient devil thought the entire world was too afraid of him to openly defy him. He believed that he could destroy Helios's holdings and steal his daughters against their will without consequence.

Zekram Bael was currently hiding in the Underworld. Even the sun could not brave Hell alone. He would have to draw the filth out.

Balthazar Abaddon was not the only devil with holdings in the mortal world. Zekram Bael's vast holdings made Balthazar's look trivial. This is where the Sun would start. He would burn away Zekram's powerbase until nothing remained, just as the devil did to his beautiful Thrinacia.

Zekram Bael's Power of Destruction would break before the might of the Sun.


X


Virexa knelt before an iron throne. Centuries ago, the lord of the second sent her to meet with a mortal wizard, later offering her service to him as the price of a near-impossible feat completed. Since falling under Maltherion's thrall, her status had drastically diminished. When not summoned to accomplish some benign task for the lich, she still resided in Dis, but she had not set foot in Dispatar's iron tower in centuries. Today, she returned as a conqueror.

Before Virexa's kneeling form, elevated by three unholy steps, sat a devil atop the iron throne. His face was humanoid, with sharp, handsome features and cunning eyes. Horns curled up from his forehead. An opulent ruby robe hung from his shoulders. A cloven goathoof rested against the floor in place of his left foot.

"You did well, Virexa." Dispatar, Lord of the Second Layer of Hell, commented idly. In his hand, he held a glowing diamond. The archdevil inspected Maltherion's phylactery with an amused curl to his lips. "The lich will serve us well. The knowledge and secrets he learned in his travels through the Abyss are now ours. More importantly, You returned with Elariel, under contract no less!" Dispatar leaned forward on his throne, handing Maltherion's phylactery off to a succubus at his side, already having forgotten the presence of the millenia old lich's soul. "She is a prize we have not seen in a thousand years. Legally bound of her own will, there is no challenge that will allow her fellows to retrieve her. She is ours now. She will make an exceptional general as soon as she accepts her new home."

"I merely took advantage of an opportunity to further Hell's interests, my lord." Virexa said, features carved from stone. Internally, she could not stop the satisfying swell of pride singing in her chest. Hundreds of years spent serving that doddering fool of a mortal had grated on her patience, but she was eternal. What she had gained far exceeded the minimal time she had lost.

The lich spent many years cataloguing the goings on of the Abyss. The secrets they would tear from his soul would give the Hells a great advantage in the Blood War. Similarly, the submission of an angel as great as Elariel was a prize that had no equal. Her contract stipulated she could go free. The angel was foolish, holding on to false hope. After even a decade basking in the Hells, she would come to know it as her new home.

Dispatar sat back in his chair, watching her closely. "The lich's phylactery is a great prize. Elariel is a prize the Hells have not seen in an age. Yet…I find my attention drawn to something else." With a flick of his wrist, a rolled document appeared in his hand.

Virexa recognized it. It was the report she submitted about her experience upon her return to Dis.

Dispatar unrolled the report. His eyes idly panned over the words written on the page. "The devil that Maltherion ordered you to kill, breaking your contract, what was his name?"

"He introduced himself as Viscount Abaddon, my lord. I did not recognize him, but I felt his standing as a lord of Hell." Virexa responded. She had not been among the nobility of Hell for some time now. It was possible, even if it was unlikely, that new blood had risen through the ranks.

When Virexa first came face to face with Viscount Abaddon, she was shocked. A devil lord of his standing so casually able to infiltrate a demiplane, unbound to the Hells where all devils resided, it shocked her. When she felt the full weight of his authority, she was even more shocked.

Viscount Abaddon felt young, though that was likely an illusion maintained by the lord. The demonic power he wielded was evident to anyone with senses capable of perceiving it. His power could not be faked, nor could the authority written into his very being. Before her stood a devil that commanded deference. Strange though the devil's presence felt, unfamiliar though he was, Virexa bestowed the proper courtesies on the lord who freed her.

"How very interesting." Dispatar idly commented.

"My lord?" Virexa asked, confused at her master's reaction.

"There is no Viscount Abaddon in Baator."

Virexa froze. The fire in her veins turned to ice. That was impossible. She felt Viscount Abaddon's power. She felt his authority. He was a devil lord. She knew that truth in her bones. But her master would know any high ranking individual on any layer of the Hells. How was he unaware of Viscount Abaddon?

"Be at ease, Virexa. You are in no danger of incurring my displeasure." Dispatar said off-hand, as if it was of no importance to him. "You delivered Maltherion to me. You delivered Elariel to me. And you have delivered something even more interesting to me. Awareness. Awareness I previously lacked."

A burst of fire. Two more documents appeared in his hands. "Two warlocks were created in recent days. Such paltry mortals should be beneath my notice. They were beneath my notice. Now, the irregularities about them are a vital clue."

Dispatar had an excited grin on his face. "Baator's systems ensured the forging of their pacts. The name of their patron was left blank, to be amended later. Now we have found their patron. A devil, confirmed by the severing of your pact. You would not have been freed from your contract if he were some other creature pretending to be one of us. Powerful and of high standing by your report, yet there is no record of his existence in all of Baator. He is not one of us. He is an outsider. Peripheral. And he is not the only one."

Another document appeared in Dispatar's hand. He held a veritable stack of documents now. An excited smile stayed fixed on his face as he read over it. "Mortal agents reported an echo of great infernal power, many times superior to even the Viscount you encountered. A presence so powerful, her very presence left prints in her wake, whispers of a coming ice age. My agents say it was as if an Archduke of Hell had walked about the surface of the Prime Material. Yet no contracts were breached. No celestial retaliation was dispensed. Do you understand the gravity of this, Virexa?"

"I do, my lord." Virexa responded immediately.

Laws were the lifeblood of Baator. Agreements amongst themselves and agreements with those beyond the Hells safeguarded their power, enhanced their influence. If Viscount Abaddon truly did not belong to the hierarchy of Baator, he was an anomaly. A devil lord, capable of helping Baator reap great boons or suffer devastating losses.

"The devil freed you." Dispatar continued. "He surrendered the phylactery and Elariel into your custody. His warlocks spread influence in the mortal world not to compete with Baator, but to create an independent footing. Viscount Abaddon is not our enemy. His actions in his meeting with you have granted him a fair amount of leniency, but we must understand who and what he is. You, Virexa, will be my agent in this matter. Few among us can freely travel to the material plane. Among my Erinyes, only you have met with Abaddon. Only you have the beginnings of good rapport with him. Go to the material plane. Do not threaten the warlocks, but watch them. Observe their dealings. Report your findings, and inform me the moment their actions move against the interests of Baator. When Abaddon returns to them, greet him. Be cordial, do not threaten. He is not an enemy. Not yet. We have too much to gain from him to risk ostracizing him. Are my orders clear?"

"They are, my lord. I will not fail you." Virexa said with conviction.

"You never have. Go now. I expect constant reports of your progress." Dispatar waved his hand in dismissal. Already, another devil was entering the chamber behind her for their audience with the lord of Dis.

Virexa bowed her head and backed away from the throne. Once a respectable distance away, she turned and exited the chamber.

Succubi, cambions, hangers on who wasted their days gossiping about the goings on of Hell descended on her the moment she was away.

Virexa ignored them all. Her mission did not require her to entertain their stupidity. Once free of the tower, Virexa took flight, beginning her journey between the planes.

Most devils were bound to Hell forever, unable to leave unless summoned by mortal magics. Even succubi first needed to invade mortal dreams before manifesting in the material plane. Erinyes were different. They alone could travel freely, making Virexa the perfect agent to carry out Lord Dispatar's will. It was why he selected her to barter with Maltherion. It was why he now sent her to barter with the anomaly.

A magical disguise garbed Virexa's form as she walked among the mortals. Irritating though their presence was, her patience had weathered her stay in Maltherion's servitude. Weak mortals were inconsequential by comparison.

The warlocks were easy to find. They were recruiting help for a business venture. A business venture named after their master Abaddon. Virexa quickly penned a report about the reach the warlocks were trying to extend over the mortal populace and sent it back to the Hells. She approached the warlocks as a simple mortal mercenary. Securing employment in their business was frighteningly easy. When she spoke to Viscount Abaddon again, Virexa would need to ensure he installed proper security measures so such infiltrations could not happen in the future. It would not benefit Hell for such an interesting anomaly to be undermined from within.

Virexa worked in the warlock's employ. She observed. She drafted reports. She waited for Abaddon to return. Their conversation promised to be very interesting.
Last edited: Apr 20, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,381 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Feb 7, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 38
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Feb 21, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,927
I had only participated in a single Rating Game prior to today. That Rating Game pitted my unknown peerage against the third ranked peerage in the Underworld. Today's Rating Game, my second, saw my peerage pitted against the second ranked peerage in the Underworld. I'd also spoken to Diehauser before about potentially facing his peerage in a Rating Game. Perhaps my third Rating Game would be against the first seed. Facing the third seed, then the second, then the first seed in my first, then second, then third Rating Game. Wouldn't that be funny?

Of course, today was different from my match against Bedeze. I would not be fighting for the lordship of my house. This was a friendly match. Roygun had been fully transparent with her intentions. She enjoyed competing in Rating Games and wanted to see how her peerage compared against mine. She wasn't out to rob me of house and home, just have some fun beating my teeth in. After Bedeze, then the business with Helios, it was a welcome change of pace.

The circumstances of the Rating Game might be different, but I was well aware Helios and his cronies would be watching. Anything we used in the Rating Game would become common knowledge, something he could plan for and be ready to combat. As a result, Medea and I had agreed to hold some of our stronger abilities back. We'd both refrain from using our Sacred Gears, and we would hide the more esoteric abilities of certain members of our peerage.

The identities of our new peerage members wouldn't stay secret. It was practically impossible. After defeating Bedeze, and now with the frenzy kicked up by Helios attempting to have me assassinated, I had a sizable following in the Underworld, that was before my trade empire was even taken into account. Devils and many other supernatural creatures beyond were already tuning in to watch me face off against Roygun. Even those who weren't interested in me personally were still tuning in. The current second ranked devil peerage fighting the peerage that humiliated the former third seed? People wanted to see what happened here.

I had a brief conversation with Serafall this morning through a Hole, warning her about potential fallout from some of my new peerage members. The one who concerned her the most was understandably Achilles. Maybe pouring fuel on the Greek's rage so soon after Zekram sunk Thrinacia wasn't the best idea, but that wasn't on me. I had a Titan after me and needed all the support I could get. I couldn't ask for a better Knight than Achilles, and I had nothing to do with Zekram flying off the handle. Serafall was still displeased that I'd set another political landmine, but I promised to take her on another vacation to appease her. That woman worked way too much. She was going to crack one of these days unless something was done. I couldn't help but think it was partly my fault with all of the damage I'd done to international relations in recent days. Achilles probably didn't help.

Regardless, it was done. He would be revealed to the world today along with the rest of my peerage when we faced Roygun. It was strange to think that many in my peerage were still unknown. When we'd fought Bedeze, my peerage only consisted of Medea, Aqua, Matatabi, Coal, and Shang Tsung. We'd grown immensely in the comparatively little down time between that match and this one.

There was a gathering scheduled before the match much like a pregame interview one might find in mortal sports. I didn't attend. The main goal was for the fighters to play the media game, garnering support and showing off. I had no need to garner any more support and I couldn't care less what the talk shows would say about me. The results of the Rating Game, win or lose, would speak for me.

I did however agree to meet with Roygun prior to the start of the match. It was supposed to be a big dramatic moment where we squared off and taunted each other. Devils with cameras were pushing and shoving one another to get the best shot of the stage as I approached Roygun. We were both alone. Our peerages were waiting for us in the respective ready areas we were assigned.

I felt a tad overdressed as Roygun and I came to a stop a short distance from one-another. Where I'd come dressed in a dyed mithril shirt and pants Medea had made for me, Roygun wore a tight-fitting green dress. Most devils didn't wear much armor into combat, as stupid as that was. After watching some film from her past matches, I knew Roygun had a suit of armor she wore, but only on occasions where she faced powerful foes – Diehauser, Bedeze, other devils ranked in the top ten. Either she didn't think she'd need it against me, or she just hadn't put it on yet.

Roygun shook my hand with a warm smile on her face, ignoring the shouted questions of the reporters and the flash of their cameras. "It's good to see you again, Balthazar. Thank you for going through with this, even in light of recent events."

I shrugged. "You're doing me a bit of a favor here. I get to show off. Hopefully, seeing what you're about to face will make people think twice about messing with me again."

Roygun's smile turned anticipatory, excited. "I'm looking forward to seeing what you have in store for me. May the best devil win."

"Good luck, Roygun. Have fun. I know I plan to." With a parting nod, I stepped backward into a Hole, reappearing in the waiting area assigned to my peerage.

"Are we all ready?" I asked as Medea walked forward to greet me.

She nodded. "Shiroe is a touch nervous, but we are prepared."

I looked past her shoulder to where Shiroe stood. Our ready area was a VIP box with a good view overlooking the arena. Shiroe stood at the window, looking out over the crowd of thousands that had assembled for this match.

I walked up beside him, silently observing the masses below.

"Everything alright?" I asked.

His features turned impassive. "I'm fine."

I nodded. "Alright." I patted him on the shoulder. "Don't stress about this too much. It's not do or die. Roygun's a friend. This is more for fun than anything else, so try to have some fun."

The announcer called out the fifteen minute warning. We'd be teleported to the arena and given a short amount of time to ourselves per the rules of this particular match.

Roygun and I met a few days ago to go over exact details. As she challenged me, technically I had the benefit of being able to choose a lot of the rules. I didn't care too much, so I'd reached out to her and we'd arranged a setting and ruleset that fit both of us.

This would be a near-standard Rating Game. We'd fight for three hours. At the end of that time, whoever had the most material left would be crowned the winner. If either of our Kings or complete peerages were eliminated, the match would end early.

The venue would be a false recreation of the city of Lucifaad. Roygun suggested it. Normally, Rating Game arenas were much smaller than the massive former capitol of the Underworld, but arenas could be larger as shown with my state-spanning fight with Bedeze. I believe Roygun suggested the city to try to limit Matatabi's movement between the packed buildings on the streets. I could have suggested elsewhere, but how many opportunities did you have to rampage through a massively populated city with no repercussions? Matatabi and my larger peerage members would be fine. Roygun was underestimating their mobility and adaptability. Either that, or she also wanted to blow up the city during our fight.

In a flash of light, my peerage was all teleported into the arena. I looked around, chuckling as I recognized the building we'd been sent to. Evidently, my headquarters for this match would be the headquarters building of my business, right across the street from where Serafall Leviathan's own office building stood.

"Do we want to stay or move?" I asked Medea. She was in charge of setting up the defenses around our base. While we knew the building and the surroundings well, it was also a very obvious location for Roygun to target.

Medea pursed her lips. "I believe this will be sufficient. They will know where we are, but I will soon ascertain their location as well. Fighting where we are familiar will give us an advantage."

Medea grabbed Irene and Keno, directing them as they began to layer protections over the building and the area around it.

Achilles walked around the room curiously, idly poking at the walls with his spear. He wore a full suit of grecian-styled armor Medea had crafted for him complete with a helmet. Currently, his face was covered. His identity would inevitably be uncovered in this match, but he wanted to make a grand reveal.

"Where are we?" Achilles asked.

"Bael, Abaddon and Astaroth Trading Co's headquarters. This is where we run our business out of." I answered. "I haven't had a chance to show you around yet. Sorry for that."

"How many people work here?" Shiroe asked, opening the drawers on the desk, frowning when he found nothing. This was a recreation of the building, a slightly inaccurate one by the layout of the room. There wouldn't be anything in the drawers or cabinets.

"Technically, four people. In reality, Magdaran and I don't come in too often because we're busy making the products we sell. My sister hasn't been in as much recently because Sairaorg's needed her with him while he was named Heir Vapula. Latia is the only one who has been working full time." I explained.

Shiroe looked confused. "Why do you have a building this large if only one person is working? From what I understand, your business's reach is impressive. How can one person maintain that?"

"For one thing, Latia is amazing at what she does." I said easily, aware we were likely being watched by the entire Underworld as they observed our Rating Game preparations. Latia didn't get enough credit in the devil media for how much work she did for the company. Many thought we'd made her a partner only because we wanted the Astaroth name attached to the business to increase revenue. In reality, Magdaran and I basically didn't work here any more. The company wouldn't function without Latia.

"For another, there are technically more workers. In the real building, we have hundreds of skeletons and golems that handle minor tasks and paperwork. I'm guessing they didn't recreate that in the arena because it would give us an unfair advantage." Of course, I could still summon a hoard of skeletons through Holes, but I didn't want to say that part out loud. "That or, more likely, people still haven't managed to recreate Medea's method of producing skeletons."

"But it's so simple." Shiroe said, surprised.

I grinned. "Yes, but she taught you. Everyone else is trying to figure it out with nothing to go on." That, and they needed dragon teeth to use Medea's method, something I intentionally left out. In the modern day with dragons ranging from extinct to so powerful they could threaten pantheons, dragon teeth were very difficult to come by. That is, unless you had a regenerating dragon in your peerage that spent his days trying to gnaw through the impenetrable hide of an impervious lion.

Around my neck, my flaming scarf stirred. Matatabi slowly unwound herself from around my neck, perching herself on my shoulder as she arched her back in a stretch. She plopped her butt down on my shoulder, looking around. "Has the fighting started?" she asked, still sounding groggy from her nap.

I reached up with my opposite hand and gently scratched her head, eliciting a pleased purr from the cat as she leaned into my touch. "We've got a few minutes before the fighting starts. We were only just teleported into the arena."

Refocusing, I faced the present members of my peerage. Keno and Irene were still erecting wards with Medea. "Is everyone ready? We all remember our groups?"

After discussing it with Medea, we both came to the conclusion that the end result of this Rating Game wasn't overly important to us. It was a good opportunity to show off, potentially preventing other elements in the supernatural from wanting to mess with us. That could be accomplished well enough by cutting my peerage loose to do what they will on their own. I'd still be standing by to transport them with Hole if they desired, but I was leaving them up to their own devices for the most part. Some of them would be travelling around together. Others would be flying solo. If anyone got in over their head, I'd be able to support them, but this Rating Game wasn't serious. They deserved to have a little fun here as well.

"We are ready, master." Shang Tsung said eagerly. On his shoulder, a large moth idly nibbled on the collar of his shirt.

"You all have a method to contact me. Medea and I will be watching from here. If you need anything, let us know and we'll support you." I smiled wide. "Have fun, everyone."


X


Roygun Belphegor couldn't help the anticipatory smile that spread across her face as the start of the Rating Game was announced. She'd been looking forward to this for some time now. She enjoyed competing in Rating Games. She enjoyed seeing how her peerage, her friends, measured up against other devils in the Underworld. This match promised to be exceptional.

Despite her many attempts to reach out to him cordially, Bedeze Abaddon always scorned her advances. She would invite him to a party in her home. Bedeze would return a torn invitation.

Roygun never had malicious intentions. She only wanted to get to know the man better and perhaps build a friendship between their two clans that could potentially grow into something more. Bedeze was a prideful, jealous man. He could never see past his many defeats at her hands to see the benefit in cultivating a friendship with Roygun.

Like the rest of the Underworld, Roygun found herself intrigued when Balthazar Abaddon appeared seemingly from nowhere to challenge his uncle for the lordship of the Abaddon Clan. Like the rest of the Underworld, Roygun expected Balthazar to be humiliated, even if she secretly hoped he could take Bedeze down a peg or two. The results were beyond what she believed to be possible.

Balthazar not only defeated Bedeze, an old devil who had bested strong contenders from all over the Underworld, but he demolished Bedeze's entire peerage while greatly outnumbered.

The philosophy Bedeze followed while constructing his peerage differed wildly from Roygun's own. Bedeze used his vast wealth to surround himself with champions already proven in Rating Games, trading them away from their prior Kings for favors or wealth. When he prepared to face specific individuals, he would completely rework the roster of his peerage to better defeat them. Bedeze had attempted it many times against Roygun herself. It almost worked once.

Roygun's philosophy was different. She took her time gathering her peerage, over a century spent searching for the right people. Once her peerage was finalized, it never changed. Many members of her peerage synergized well with one another and they all got along. More important to Roygun than even her standing in the Rating Games was her peerage's well being. They were her friends, not her underlings. They fought for her not because they were under contract, but because they all genuinely cared for her as she cared for them. Perhaps that was why she prevailed against Bedeze time after time. Or perhaps Bedeze was simply inept against anyone with a counter to his Clan Trait. Roygun with Crack, Diehauser with Worthless, and Balthazar with greater mastery over the Abaddon trait Hole all bested Bedeze with varying levels of ease.

It didn't matter. He was bested, and now dead. Roygun couldn't bring herself to shed a tear over the arrogant prat's passing. When considering how things had worked out for her in the aftermath, she was almost glad he was out of the way. Every attempt she had made to ally her Clan with the Abaddons was met with failure because of Bedeze's fragile ego. The new lord of Abaddon had already been far more accepting of her advances, she just needed to push a little harder.

Balthazar Abaddon was far more interesting than his late uncle. The peerage he gathered around himself prior to facing his uncle was small, yet paradoxically impossibly large. Devils spent centuries searching for proper individuals to reincarnate for their peerage. Roygun was somewhat lucky in that regard. Her Queen's Clan Trait allowed her to help Roygun cut the necessary time to find certain individuals from decades to merely years. As far as Roygun was aware, Balthazar had no such advantage prior to finding his Queen.

Medea of Colchis – a prize the entire Underworld and many factions beyond would threaten war to attain. Roygun had watched from a distance as Balthazar built an empire with her aid. How did he come to meet her? How did he convince her to join his cause? Roygun didn't doubt that Medea was intelligent enough to know that greater offers would have come along, why did she choose Balthazar?

It was an interesting thing to think about, but ultimately irrelevant. Medea joined Balthazar. Was it her who found the rest? Aqua – a young girl with a Sacred gear none had ever seen. Matatabi – a yokai of immense power missing from the history books. The Colchian Dragon Coal – said to be trapped inside the Sacred Gear Perfected State yet somehow free. Shang Tsung – a seemingly insignificant mortal who was able to steal the power of a demigod. It was all so exciting!

Now, Roygun's peerage would face them all and more. Balthazar reported to her that he had completed his peerage in the time between his last match and this one. Barely more than a year and Balthazar's peerage was already complete. Even if the rest of his peerage were simple mortals, his peerage would still be one of the strongest in the Underworld, and Roygun sorely doubted Balthazar was unable to find more impressive individuals for his peerage. With Medea's help, he likely found more amazing people.

Roygun would learn soon. They would meet in combat.

She was so excited! She hadn't been this excited for a Rating Game since the first time she faced Diehauser Beliel. The handsome young Abaddon lord had already impressed her. Initially, he only had her eye, now he had her attention. He'd impressed her before. It was time to see if he could do it again.

"What are your orders?"

Roygun looked over her shoulder. At her side, the silver-haired form of her Queen stood waiting. Slitted yellow eyes like those of a snake peered out from a pale, long face. Grey and yellow scales dotted the woman's face and neck, disappearing down beneath her dark dress. Severance Valac was one of the few pure-blooded devils in Roygun's peerage. The Valacs treated Severance poorly as a child. The Valacs were one of the few Pillars to manage to have an abundance of children. As the youngest child of three daughters and two sons, the Valacs saw no value in Severance, trying to marry her off for miniscule favors. Roygun saw her potential, taking the young woman as her queen. Severance had repaid Roygun's faith hundreds of times over.

"We don't know what the new members of Balthazar's peerage are capable of. Until we know otherwise, we will assume they are all at least as dangerous as Shang Tsung. No one goes anywhere alone. We proceed as planned and scout with Juniper's Sacred Gear." Roygun ordered.

"What about me?"

Roygun turned around. Iona, one of Roygun's Pawns, stood with a frown on her face. The small blonde girl did not seem happy to be excluded.

"I'm no good here. You know that." Iona said. "Let me scout."

"We don't know what Balthazar's new pieces are capable of." Roygun protested.

"All the more reason to send me out as a scout." Iona countered.

"They might be able to find you even with your Sacred Gear." Roygun said.

Iona shrugged. "Then they find me. I'd rather be useful than sit here doing nothing."

Roygun shared a long look with Severance. Severance gave her a minute nod.

Roygun sighed, turning back to Iona. "Stay safe. If you find someone new, get away before reporting back, and stay far away from Medea."

Iona smiled. "Don't worry. I'll be fine." In a flash of red energy, a dark cloak appeared draped around Iona's shoulders. She pulled the hood up, winking at Roygun. "I'll let you know what I find." Iona stepped backwards, her body shimmering into nothingness.

Roygun watched the empty space a moment longer before turning back to the rest of her peerage. "Everyone else will stay here while Iona and Juniper's reflections scout the area. I don't want us overextending until we know what Balthazar's new pieces are capable of."

Severance nodded, looking pointedly at Juniper.

Juniper walked forward. Black hair was tied back into a high ponytail atop her head. Silver armor – amusingly purchased from Bael, Abaddon and Astaroth Trading Co. – made metallic clinking sounds as she walked. Juniper drew a long, slender katana from her hip. The back half of the blade was colored dark while the sharpened edge gleaned a deadly silver. A second blade remained sheathed on her opposite hip.

Roygun found Juniper more through luck than anything else. She'd been on holiday in the mortal world when she felt a strong magical presence. She found a young Juniper practicing with a sword. The girl was an orphan. Roygun offered her a home. Juniper had followed Roygun ever since.

"Kurogane, Eisil, are you ready?" Juniper asked.

"Let's do it!" a high-pitched, excited voice shouted from the sword in Juniper's hand.

Long, lanky, skinless limbs stretched forward. A creature of muscle and bone slunk forward. Ands of muscle tightened with each step as a misshapen monster approached. It looked like a horse, but there was a rider firmly affixed to its body as one entity.

"Readyyy." a raspy voice said as the horse's mouth and the mouth of the crippled rider spoke in unison.

Eisil, a nucklavee, sought Roygun out of his own accord. Offering her his service if she would protect him from a mistake of his past. Roygun was more than happy to take him as her Rook.

Juniper swung her leg over Eisil as he lowered his body, mounting his horse's body in front of the undead body atop him.

A small silver hand mirror appeared in Juniper's free hand. A blinding white light rose from the face of the mirror to envelop Juniper and Eisil.

In a flash, reality shifted, split in two.

Juniper grinned. A matching, identical Juniper grinned back directly across from her.

Junier's Sacred Gear, Mirror Imprint, was a marvelous thing. According to records of its previous holders, it should not be as potent as this. The Sacred Gear must have mutated when it chose Juniper.

So long as she was holding the mirror, Juniper could manifest a fully independent copy of herself, complete with her steed and armaments. When used in tandem with Kurogane and Eisil, the Sacred Gear's effect was that much more potent.

The copy of Juniper reared back her arm and threw her katana away. The sword spun through the air, growing longer, expanding outward. A small girl with dark hair and silver eyes grew out of the sword wearing a fanciful black dress.

"Go get 'em, me!" the sword in the true Juniper's hand called out happily.

The small girl spun around, grinning at the sword and giving it a thumbs up before turning and running off to begin scouting.

When Roygun reincarnated Kurogane, Ajuka Beelzebub himself had asked to meet with her. He hadn't expected it would be possible to reincarnate a sentient weapon as a devil. Kurogane's reincarnation showed it was possible.

Roygun found her locked away in a mortal collector's attic. Kurogane wanted nothing more than to fight once more. The sword was overjoyed to receive Roygun's Knight piece. Now, she fought as Juniper's blade and partner. The two Knights were practically inseparable.

The mirror Juniper dismounted the mirror Eisil and drew the second sword from her waist. Mirror Juniper and mirror Eisil went off in different directions from Kurogane as they began to scout.

Roygun's peerage would wait while Juniper's copies searched the false city of Lucifaad they'd been transported to. They would observe and see what Balthazar Abaddon had in store for them.

Roygun was hoping for a great surprise.


X


Keno walked at Aqua's side, eyeing the tall buildings around them suspiciously.

Keno was still adjusting to some things about her new home. The massive cities that spanned as far as the eye could see with buildings that reached the sky were one of the things she was having difficulty adjusting to. The scale of cities in her old world paled in comparison to the metropolis she now walked through, one of many in Hell.

"Where are they?" Keno asked, frustrated, eyes panning between the buildings around them as she tried to peer through the opaque windows.

Aqua giggled, throwing an arm over Keno's shoulder and pulling her into a hug. "You're pretty cute when you're all serious."

Keno huffed, indignant as she pulled free of Aqua's embrace. She spun around quickly to hide her blushing cheeks. Another thing she was still adjusting to, being alive enough to blush. She was a devil now, even if she retained the abilities she enjoyed as a vampire, while somehow now lacking the weaknesses. Evil Pieces were an amazing invention, one she intended to study when she had the opportunity.

"Take this more seriously, Aqua." Keno chided her friend. "Roygun's peerage regularly beat Bedeze's. There is no guarantee we'll win here."

Keno had spent a lot of time with Aqua in front of a TV to prepare for this match. TVs – another thing Keno was still not fully familiar with. Machines capable of showing stories and live events much like a scrying mirror, yet widespread throughout the world. Aqua often dragged Keno into the depths of Castle Abaddon where she'd made her lair, burying the former vampire in a pile of stuffed animals and forcing her to watch anime with her.

Keno was uncertain what was happening the first time. She'd grown to enjoy the moments where she and Aqua disappeared into the darkness of the castle's lower levels to watch random shows. Sometimes, Aqua even took her to Build-A-Bear afterward.

But that was not important right now. Keno was on a battlefield set to fight the peerage of Roygun Belphegor. Keno and Aqua spent many hours watching recordings of Roygun's previous Rating Games. Roygun's peerage was strong, better in many ways than the many different peerages Keno saw in recordings of Bedeze's peerages. Unlike Bedeze, Roygun never changed her peerage. Roygun's clan trait was also a fantastic counter to the Abaddon power of Hole.

They had to take this fight seriously. Roygun's peerage didn't know what most of Balthaza's peerage was capable of. The only ones who were known quantities were those that participated in Balthazar's match against Bedeze. There were some pictures of Keno and Aqua together floating around the devil net from their various excursions to Lucifaad and the mortal world, captured when Aqua was showing her around, but no one knew what Keno could do. Achilles, Mothra, Irene and Shiroe all shared similar anonymity. They needed to take advantage of that fact.

Keno hadn't been with the peerage long. She already owed everyone in it more than she could repay. Balthazar pulled a wandering monster from the fringes of society and gave her a home in a mystical castle the likes of which she'd never seen. As if that wasn't great enough, Balthazar took Keno elsewhere, freeing her of a burden she'd carried for far too long. Finally, Keno no longer bore the weight of her dead people crushing down on her shoulder.

Keno expected pushback or suspicion from the other members of the peerage when she arrived in her new home. It was common in her old world. The new guy always had to prove themselves to the existing group. Keno expected trials and maltreatment. There was none. She was accepted easily. Almost every day, Aqua chatted about how great their family was.

Family. When was the last time Keno had a family? Did her old friends qualify? Certainly not. They abandoned her, tossed her aside to carry on their own adventures without her. Being in Hell, living at castle Abaddon showed Keno what a true family could be.

It would never be equivalent to what she'd been given, but if Keno could help win this Rating Game for Balthazar and her new family, then she would do everything in her power to achieve victory.

Aqua lightly bumped her shoulder into Keno's. "Taking this seriously is good, but don't forget the stakes are way different than the last time Bal had to do this. Roygun's his friend. We're not fighting for our lives here. Try to win, but also try to have some fun, okay?"

Keno relaxed slightly when she saw Aqua's warm, encouraging smile. "I'll try to have a little fun." Keno quietly acquiesced.

Aqua nodded, content with herself. "Good. Now let's go look for trouble!"

"What do you–Eep!" Keno let out a shocked shriek as Aqua latched onto her arm and dragged her through a dark keyhole that spawned directly in front of them.

Keno's wings shot out of her back, holding her in the air high above the city as the keyhole faded behind her. Keno scowled at Aqua, the bluenette laughed at her expression, unbothered by Keno's displeasure.

"Maybe warn me next time?" Keno said.

"Where would be the fun in that?" Aqua asked mischievously. "Get ready, I'm about to make us a target."

Keno frowned. What did she mean?

Aqua raised her keyblade high above her head. A golden beam of light shot out from the keyblade's tip, reaching high into the sky. Keno felt Aqua cast a minor charm to enhance her voice.

"HEY. YOU. GUUUYS!" Aqua shouted, her voice reverberating through the streets. "It's Aqua! You know? The girl that stopped Bedeze from using Hole during the last match? Better come get me before I seal Roygun's Crack!" Aqua paused, tilting her head. "…That sounded more uncouth than I intended. Sorry about that." When Aqua was done with her speech, she shot Keno a thumbs up.

Keno stared slack-jawed at the other girl. Keno reached up to smack herself in the face. What kind of tactic was this? Just shout to the world where you are and invite the entire peerage to come after you? What was she thinking?

"Head's up, Keno." Aqua said, sounding excited.

Keno followed Aqua's gaze. On the street below, a skinless, horse-like monster charged across the street. It leapt up to a building, bounding off of it across to another to jump again, maintaining its speed as it moved slowly into the air.

"Remember," Aqua said, voice echoing as six copies spread out around her. Every copy smirked at her. "Try to have some fun."

The Aquas scattered, each flying in a different direction. One beelined directly towards the monster.

An unholy screech shook the air, shattering windows in the nearby buildings as the monster leapt up to meet Aqua's copy. Keno staggered in the air, covering her ears and quickly casting a minor charm to block out the sound.

Aqua's copy swung her keyblade towards the monster. The rotten fleshy facsimile of a rider atop its back snapped forward. A long blade of bone shot from its arm into its hand. The rider batted the keyblade aside as the monster latched its teeth around the copy's leg. The rider drove its bone blade through the copy's stomach, scattering it into golden motes of energy.

Keno narrowed her eyes, glaring down at the monster. That was Keno's friend the monster just tried to skewer.

Keno held her hands out in front of her. Shining opal spell circles spun to life before her. A hail of tiny, supercondensed crystal shards rained down atop the monster.

The rider was pummeled back and forth. The monster quickly disengaged, seeking cover between the buildings on the ground, keeping watch above him as several Aqua's circled him from above.

Big mistake.

Keno raised her hands. Spell circles appeared on the ground all around the monster. Enormous crystal formations with jagged tips rose from the ground all around the monster. Daggers and javelins made from diamond fired from the walls of nearby buildings, turning the street into a death trap for the monster.

Impressively, the monster was able to avoid the first volley, expertly weaving between the barriers Keno erected and deflecting a fair number of her projectiles with its bone blade as another one grew from the rider's other arm to help it defend itself.

The beast was distracted by Keno's assault. Even watching the sky, he had seemingly forgotten about Aqua.

As the beast attempted to slip past another crystal that rapidly rose from the ground, the crystal's shadow pooled beneath it. A hand holding a silver blade emerged from the shadow, stabbing up into the horse's underbelly and slicing it open.

The beast let out a pained shriek as it tumbled to the ground. Opal spell circles surrounded it. Keno clenched her fist, sending dozens of crystal spears into the downed beast's body, turning it into a fleshy pincushion.

With a crash of glass, the beast shattered into mirror shards.

Keno frowned down at the pile of glass as her crystals receded into the ground.

Aqua flew up to her side to join her, her copies humming as they superimposed themselves over her to rejoin her body. "Eisil. Rather, a reflection of Eisil."

Keno nodded in agreement. Balthazar's entire peerage, except for maybe Matatabi because she spent most of the time asleep, knew every member of Roygun's peerage and their various abilities after watching Roygun's old Rating Games.

This was a fairly common tactic for them. They would use Juniper's Sacred Gear to send out disposable scouts to get a better idea of the environment and potentially lure out important targets. It was an irritatingly good strategy. When one of the reflections was destroyed, Juniper could simply make another, giving her a near-limitless supply of disposable troops. Considering that the troops Juniper seemed to favor were herself, the sentient sword Roygun had reincarnated and a nucklavee, those troops were annoying and worrying. The only way to stop the unending tide of reflections was to eliminate Juniper. Considering Roygun tended to keep Juniper and her Queen with her, that was easier said than done.

"Should we try to find Juniper?" Keno asked.

Aqua shrugged. "I'm just here to cut loose a little. I kind of regret not joining the big melee when Sai showed up a couple days ago. Coal's done a pretty good job of turning me into a battle junky."

"You can get your fix and achieve victory at the same time, Aqua." Keno said dryly.

"Don't worry about it too much. I'm sure Shang Tsung will handle it. He seemed a little too gung-ho about fighting her."

Keno shook her head. "Let's just keep trying to find where they are setting up their headquarters."

The two devils flew lazily through the air, eyes peeled on the buildings beneath them. In the street, a pile of reflective shards lay forgotten.


X


Roygun hummed a soothing tune, her hands running through Juniper's blue hair comfortingly. "It'll be alright. You heard it yourself, they're not treating this Rating Game like the one against Bedeze. Everything was on the line for them then. They're here now to have fun just like us."

Juniper's arms were tight around Roygun like a vice. She was shaking. Displayed on the mirror in her hand, you could just barely make out the retreating forms of Keno and Aqua flying away from the pile of reflective shards.

"You heard them." Juniper said, voice trembling. "Shang Tsung wants to fight me. He's going to eat my soul!"

Roygun sighed. "He's not going to eat your soul, Juniper. Ajuka Beelzebub himself confirmed that Shang Tsung does not eat souls."

"You saw what he did to Runa!" Juniper shouted, frantic. "I don't want that to happen to me!"

"This is a friendly match, not a match between a tyrannical uncle and the nephew he attempted to murder. I am sure Shang Tsung will not resort to such methods here. If he attempts to, Severance and I will be right here. If he somehow overcomes us and attempts his trick regardless, retire yourself. Your health is more important to me than the outcome of this match."

Roygun didn't think Balthazar would allow his peerage to harm hers in the same way they harmed Bedeze's. Bedeze slighted Balthazar and tried to end the young man. Roygun, in turn, had been nothing but cordial with him. If he attempted such tactics against her unprovoked, that would quickly change.

"But Aqua can stop me from retiring!" Juniper protested. Roygun had rarely seen her so animated.

"You are well aware of the many rules penned after Balthazar's peerage made its first showing. But if it calms you…" Roygun looked up at the ceiling of the room. "If Aqua attempts to restrict any of my peerage from retiring or Shang Tsung attempts his, 'Your soul is mine' ability, I immediately retire my peerage from the competition." Roygun looked back down at Juniper. "Is that better?"

Juniper was breathing more normally now, she refused to look Roygun in the eye. "I'm sorry. I didn't think I'd react like this. I–"

"Hush," Roygun said. "You do not need to apologize. Do you need us to send out–"

"No!" Junier protested. "No, I can make another reflection. Don't send anyone else out until we have more information."

"Are you sure? Severance can enhance Thelisei and Ancas to serve as scouts."

Juniper shook her head. "No, I'll be alright. I just… I just need a second."

Severance had observed quietly from behind Roygun while she comforted her Knight. She kept focused on the mirror in Juniper's hand and the scene playing out on its surface. "A geomancer. One specializing in crystals and gems. I'm sure there's a word for that, but I don't know it."

"A crystalmancer?" Roygun guessed.

Severance shrugged. "Good enough, I suppose. I think it's safe to say that Keno is one of Balthazar's new Bishops. She's strong and very well practiced with those spells she was tossing around."

Royung pursed her lips as she held Juniper. "I would agree, but we should be cautious. Bedeze wrongly assumed that Coal was Balthazar's Rook during their match. That made him completely unprepared to face Matatabi. I don't want us falling into the same trap."

Severance nodded. "Then a likely Bishop with a possibility of being a Pawn? I don't see her as the second Knight or the second Rook."

Roygun nodded in agreement. "I am more inclined to believe she is his Bishop, but to be safe, we should be on the lookout for other powerful spell casters. Remember, Shang Tsung is also only a Pawn. That man could easily defeat many of the Underworld's Queens. It isn't unbelievable that Keno could also be a Pawn."

Severance frowned. "If that is Balthazar's last Pawn, then who in creation did he reincarnate as his Bishops?"


X


Shiroe frowned as he stared at dozens of magical screens in front of him. When he played Elder Tales, he often had many screens open to monitor the resources of his party. The images projected by those screens were always stationary, not rapidly moving about. They also didn't require him to constantly channel mana into them to maintain them. Having to split his focus like this was strange. Shiroe had only had magic for a week. He was still learning.

Irene watched over his shoulder, a small smile on her face. Since handing her daughter Seri off to Idyia for her to watch prior to the match, Irene had been practically glued to his side, offering encouragement and suggestions about how to continue improving his magic. "You've made significant improvement in a very short time. Well done, Shiroe."

On the various magical screens in front of them, a first-person perspective of dozens of small creatures scattering throughout the city was displayed. Medea had given Shiroe a way to tap into the senses of her familiars, giving him the ability to watch through their eyes and listen through their ears. Following all of them at once was proving to be a challenge. Shiroe was confident he could manage it with practice, but he was still very new to all of this.

"You don't need to stay with me." Shiroe said, still focused on maintaining the screens in front of him. "If you want to go with the others, you can. It looks like Aqua and Keno might need your help soon."

"I'm sure they can take care of themselves." Irene said. "This match isn't very serious. I'd rather see you use the opportunity to improve than ensure we win."

Shiroe didn't have as much time as the others to get to know the rest of the peerage. Still, his interactions with them had been good. They'd met for meals while Irene and Medea weren't training him. Coal and Achilles dragged him out to the coliseum late one night to try to get him to spar with them. Shiroe wasn't confident fighting Hector's bane or a dragon, so he politely watched from the sidelines.

The peerage was trying to include him in everything. With some more time, maybe they'd grow to be good friends? Accepting Balthazar's offer had already secured Shiroe a more opulent home than he'd ever seen and training in how to use his magic from true masters. Why wouldn't he be able to make a few friends?

One of Medea's familiars, a cat, stopped in the street, swatting at a pile of scattered glass with its paw.

"That was Eisil, right? The nucklavee?" Shiroe asked. Much like he didn't have enough time to truly get to know everyone. He barely had enough time to study their opponent's abilities and names. There was some information he wasn't sure about.

"Yes," Irene answered, looking over his shoulder as Shiroe enlarged the cat's perspective. "Juniper used her Sacred Gear to make a copy of him. Roygun's peerage will know a little more about Keno now."

Shiroe frowned. "It would have been better to hold the unknowns back. We're surrendering too much information for no gain." Strategically, it would have been better to lure Roygun's peerage out with the members they were already aware of, then overwhelm them. If they could keep certain members of the peerage a secret in the process, they would have a greater advantage for the next match.

Irene laid a hand on Shiroe's shoulder. "Roygun is a potential ally, not an enemy. This isn't a true battle, just a good-natured spar. You've been with us long enough to know how much enjoyment certain members of the peerage derive from fighting. Balthazar wanted to give them a chance to cut loose. We'll deal with the next battle when it comes."

"I won't be much use today." Shiroe said, frustrated. He still didn't have a great grasp on his magic. He didn't know enough about the peerage or their enemies to effectively plan. If he'd had more time…but he didn't.

"No one expects you to win a victory for us in your first battle. Relax a little. Use today as a learning experience. You don't have to fight if you don't want to. Just call Balthazar and–"

"No," Shiroe cut her off. His eyes widened as he realized he'd interrupted her. "Sorry, Irene, I…"

Irene chuckled. "I'm not offended. What were you saying?"

Shiroe swallowed nervously. "I don't want to be deadweight. If I'm supposed to use today to learn, then I'll use it to learn." Shiroe could observe the rest of Balthazar's peerage from here, gaining a better understanding of their powers and how they fought. Once he did… Rating Games had protections against serious injuries. They were fighting a peerage led by a 'potential ally'. This was probably the best chance Shiroe would get to gain some combat experience. That would be worth its weight in gold if Helios of Boreas decided to attack the castle.

"Can we stay here a while longer, then try to find someone isolated to fight?" Shiroe asked.

Irene watched him carefully. "I'm not opposed to it. Would you rather fight with me or alone?"

"That depends on who we find."

Irene nodded. "Then I suppose we'll wait and see. Keep supplying mana to your screens or they'll unravel."

Shiroe refocused, restoring the flickering screens before he lost control of them.

Together, Irene and Shiroe settled in to watch and wait. Shiroe's eyes narrowed, looking at a particular screen, a top-down view from above provided by one of Medea's crows. Shiroe enlarged the image.

Irene smiled excitedly, watching over his shoulder. "It would appear we have found them."


X


Achilles proudly strode down the road, spear resting atop his shoulder, helmet pinned against his side by his shield arm.

One of the main attractions that drew him to accept his new King's offer to join his peerage was the chance to see a modern city in all of its glory. Achilles planned to go out and explore the moment he had time to himself. Then he met Coal and Regulus. He got a little distracted, throwing himself into combat against legendary monsters that faced Heracles and his father's crew, the Argonauts. It was glorious.

Of course, this caused Achilles to lose track of time. He hadn't gone out exploring as he originally intended. This was his first time walking through a metropolis. Achilles knew it wasn't a 'real' city, but a magical creation made to facilitate a safe area for the Rating Game. Still, it was modeled off a real location in Hell.

What would the city look like if it were not deserted? Achilles saw no places for street vendors. There was no market square, only buildings that rose higher than hills. Were the cities in the mortal world also like this? He would make it a point to go exploring once the Rating Game concluded. Perhaps Coal and Aqua would be willing to accompany him? Keno too. It also seemed to have been some time since Irene left the castle, focused as she was on caring for her daughter. Why not make it an excursion for the whole peerage! Yes, that was it! Achilles would approach his King with the idea after the Rating Game.

The sharp cry of a bird drew Achilles's eyes to the sky. A shadowy raven slowly descended towards him, tracing lazy circles in the air as it descended. The raven flapped its wings as it came in to land on the haft of his spear. The raven's beak opened and Medea's voice emerged from the bird.

"I found their headquarters. Would you like me to guide you to it?" the witch who sailed with his father asked.

"How many of them are there?" Achilles asked.

"All of them. The only people they're sending out are Juniper's reflections and Iona. They're holding the full peerage back until they have more information on what they're facing."

Achilles grinned, the thought of facing an entire devil peerage set his blood thundering in his veins. "Have you told the others where they are?"

"Coal knows. The others will soon."

Achilles frowned. "How far away is Coal?"

"He was on the other side of the city. He is flying over now."

"Don't tell any of the others until I get there. Lead me there fast before Coal arrives!" Achilles wanted the first shot at Roygun's peerage.

Achilles heard Medea chuckle. The raven on his spear melted into shadows, pooling together into the form of a cat. It climbed up his spear and wound itself around his neck tightly.

"I'll guide you, little cousin. Go down the street ahead of you." Medea said through the cat.

Achilles grinned, unable to contain his excitement. He donned his helm and shook his legs to warm them. If he wanted to beat Coal to their shared adversary, he would need to run.

The pavement beneath Achilles's feet fractured as he took off like a lightning bolt.

"Right," the cat said.

Achilles pivoted, running up the face of a building to maintain his speed as he made a hairpin turn.

"Left,"

The wall of a building crumbled as Achilles launched himself down another street.

Achilles ran faster than the wind, following Medea's directions as she guided him towards his foe.

"Stop,"

Achilles dug his feet into the pavement, digging a deep trench as he violently arrested his momentum.

"They are directly above you. Enjoy yourself, little cousin." Medea said. The cat familiar wrapped around his neck scattered into nothing.

Achilles stabbed his spear into the pavement, the enchanted metal easily piercing the stone. Achilles pulled his helmet off his head and shook out his hair, looking up at a tall building in front of him. He raised his helmet high. "Greetings, peerage of Roygun Belphegor! I am Achilles, Knight of Balthazar Abaddon! I challenge you! Come! Let us have a glorious battle!"

Achilles stuck his helmet back on his head and retrieved his spear from the ground, spinning it into a ready position.

He settled in to wait. He would give Roygun's peerage a moment to make the first move. If they did not, then he would go to them.


X


Roygun and Severance stood side-by-side, staring down out the window of the building they'd claimed as their headquarters. Behind them, Roygun's peerage shared nervous glances.

"Are we assuming that man is the Achilles we think he is?" Severance asked, sounding tired.

Roygun nodded. "It would be safe to assume such. Balthazar already found Medea. Why not Achilles?"

Severance pursed her lips. "It would certainly explain the speed. Achilles was said to be the fastest of all Greek heroes. That would mean he's probably invulnerable too. Everywhere but his heel that is."

Roygun found herself chuckling despite herself. "I shouldn't be surprised, and yet I am. How on earth did Balthazar find Achilles? Not only that, but he convinced the man to become his Knight. It's impressive and infuriating in equal measure."

For over a hundred years, Roygun had searched for the perfect people for her peerage. Balthazar managed to find legends willing to accept his Evil Pieces a pittance of the time it took her. It was as hilarious as it was unfair.

"Should we run?" Denice, one of Roygun's Pawns who bore a striking resemblance to Roygun herself, asked, sounding nervous.

Roygun shook her head. "And face him when he has the support of the rest of Balthazar's peerage? No. We need to take advantage of this opportunity and deal with him while he is alone."

"Balthazar can just send in more help with Hole." Severance cautioned.

"I don't think he will." Roygun countered. "They clearly found us before we could erect sufficient defenses against scrying. Why make Achilles run here on his own instead of just opening Holes all around us, destroying everything in the vicinity?"

Severance narrowed her eyes. "You think he's toying with us?"

"No, I think he is letting his peerage do what they will. Balthazar did not seem very stressed before the Rating Game. He likely appreciates the opportunity to fight someone that doesn't want to kill him and is using the opportunity to relax."

Severance raised an eyebrow at her. "He is using a Rating Game against the second strongest peerage in Hell as a chance to relax?"

"When you have two of Greece's most notorious legends in your peerage, you can afford to be a little arrogant."

Severance sighed. "Fair enough, I guess. What do you want to do, Roygun?"

"Achilles seems rather excited to fight us. I say we give him what he wants." Turning to the rest of her peerage, Roygun said, "We go at him fast and hard. Work together. Do not let him isolate anyone. Strike at his heel. Anywhere else is unlikely to do much. Severance, Juniper, we're going all out right from the start."

Juniper's hand clenched tight around her mirror. The mirror cracked, the scenes displayed in it went dark as Juniper destroyed the reflections she had sent out as scouts earlier. Another reflection appeared in front of her. Kurogane's reflection turned into her human form and drew a sword as Eisil's reflection creeped towards the edge of the room.

"Ancas, Thelisei, Calyphene, gather around." Severance said.

Ancas, a grey-haired man with a wan frame moved to her side. Ancas was the first peerage member Roygun recruited after Severance. They found him hiding in a cave in eastern Europe. A Sacred Gear user had been hunting him for sport, wanting to use his hide to make armor. The thought of that brat trying to harm her Rook made Roygun seethe.

Thelisei and Calyphene slid across the ground to Ancas's side. The two shared a great resemblance, as was expected of sisters. Pale skin and green eyes. Their lower bodies ended in serpent tails instead of legs. They wore their green hair differently. Thelisei let it hang long, reaching down past her back. Calyphene wore it in a tight braid.

Thelisei had sought Roygun out on her own. As was the case with the majority of Roygun's peerage, Thelisei joined Roygun seeking safety. Thelisei and Calyphene's mother was killed by a mortal hero on a quest to rid the world of 'monsters'. Thelisei was barely able to escape with her younger sister, barely ten years old at the time. Roygun brought them into her home, making Thelisei her Bishop and using two of her Pawns to reincarnate Calyphene.

Both girls had grown. They were stronger now. They'd already claimed their revenge on the man who took their mother from them.

Severance closed her eyes as the other three gathered around her. She parted her lips and began to sing. Her beautiful soprano filled the room, bringing a smile to Roygun's face.

The effect was evident. Severance, Ancas, Thelisei and Calyphene all began to glow with a gentle silver energy.

This was the Valac family's Clan Trait in action. Valacs were born with serpentine features like Severance's eyes and the scales that lightly spotted her body. Additionally, they could empower serpents with their song. If the individual was suitably close to a 'serpent', the song would empower them as well. Severance's scales and eyes made it possible for her to empower herself. The lamiae sisters possessed serpentine tails instead of legs. Ancas was a basilisk, the king of snakes.

This synergy, much like Juniper's Sacred Gear, was one of the greatest weapons Roygun had employed to drag her peerage to the second seat in Hell's Rating Games. Few Kings built their peerages to work well together, focusing more on individual ability. Roygun had gathered great individual ability around herself, but she also made sure those individuals could come together to achieve something even greater.

"Let's not keep Achilles waiting." Roygun said, raising her arms around herself. The air split around her. A miniscule Crack formed in the window. The Crack spiderwebbed away as the window shattered outward, raining razor-sharp shards down below.

Ancas snarled, his body expanding. As he leapt out the window, his flesh gave way to grey scales mixed with flecks of green. He lunged downward towards the waiting Knight. Juniper's reflections charged with him at his right while the true bodies of Roygun's Knights and Rook followed at Ancas's left. The lamiae sisters flew into the air, circling high. Calyphene drew back the string of her bow, already loosing arrows as Thelisei rained beams of green magic down towards Achilles.

The bronze armored figure smacked Calyphene's arrows aside with his shield, leaping into the air and spinning to avoid Thelisei's magic. Achilles flipped back towards the building behind him as Eisil and his mirror image came at the demigod from both sides. Achilles stabbed at the nucklavee's reflection too fast for it to react. His spear pierced the false Eisil, scattering it with a sound of crashing glass.

Ancas roared. The great basilisk reared his head back and struck fast as a viper, fangs reaching.

Achilles brought his shield up, catching one of Ancas's sword-sized fangs and knocking it away. Before he could capitalize on Ancas's staggering, he was forced to dodge to the side as the street around him was rent asunder by magic and arrows.

Roygun watched from above, carefully analyzing the man's movements. Kurogane's illusion scattered next as it tried to best Achilles in close quarters. Achilles was just too fast, too skilled.

"We need to restrict his movement." Roygun said.

At her side, the softly glowing form of Severance nodded. "As you say." Severance raised her hands. Acidic mist spewed forth from her outstretched arms, choking the air around Achilles.

Roygun's peerage recognized the mist. All of them drew back, striking at Achilles with arrows and magic while Juniper created new illusions and sent them after the demigod.

Roygun raised a hand as she saw Achilles move to sprint out of the mist and clenched her fist.

The space in front of Achilles shifted and Cracked. Achilles staggered backwards as he bounced off a section of broken space, unable to pass through it. Roygun saw the expressionless helmet of Achilles turn to look up at her. Wings shot out of Achilles's back as he bent into a crouch, preparing to leap.

"Cover Roygun!" Severance called. Glowing spell circles filled the air around her. Beams of venomous green energy fired in a barrage down towards Achilles as he leapt into the sky, cratering the ground with the force of his leap.

"I've got him." Roygun said calmly. Another Crack in space split the air in front of Achilles.

Achilles tucked his wings and spun away from the Crack, directly into Juniper and Eisil.

Achilles was forced back as the nucklavee mercilessly beat against his armor. Aside from physically being pushed back, Achilles was unaffected by the blows, easily deflecting Juniper's follow-up attacks and flipped the butt of his spear past her guard to smack her on the side of the head.

Roygun's eyes narrowed. Fractures in space opened throughout the air, creating a rough dome around Achilles.

The demigod saw what she was attempting, immediately breaking off his engagement with Eisil to fly through a small gap in the prison Roygun was constructing. He was too fast for her to catch him.

Achilles charged towards her once again, ignoring the spells and arrows that harmlessly scattered against him.

Changing tactics, Roygun targeted Achilles himself with her power. Roygun felt Crack hit Achilles. She felt it take affect…then scatter.

Roygun's eyes widened.

Crack had a notable weakness when considered against other Devil Clan Traits. Roygun could not use her power to directly affect any being more powerful than her. Typically, this wasn't an issue. She was skilled enough with Crack to intercept attacks and break space around her enemy to defeat these individuals regardless.

Something Roygun had never experienced was Crack beginning to affect someone then failing. Achilles's impervious skin prevented her from opening a fissure in his flesh.

Roygun grinned. The air around her filled with Cracks and spell circles, twisting space and light into a mocking reflection of reality. Roygun and Severance slipped into the maze of Cracks, her body refracted as if she'd just stepped into a hall of mirrors. All the while, spells rained down on Achilles. The air filled with Roygun's laughter.

She was right to challenge Balthazar. The Rating Game had barely begun and she was already having more fun than she'd had in the last ten matches combined. Facing an invulnerable opponent that was so fast you couldn't pin him down? Now that was a challenge.

"Ancas, get into position. Everyone else, retreat into the maze!" Roygun called to her peerage, still splitting space apart to expand the cage of fractured reality around her.

Juniper's reflections charged Achilles to buy everyone else time to shelter within the maze of Cracks.

Achilles scattered the reflections of Juniper and Kurogane quickly, besting Eisil a moment later. Achilles hovered in the air, staring up at the expanding prison of split space. Roygun had already tried to trap him once. He knew that if he charged after her, he might be stuck.

Achilles threw his head back and laughed. "This is why I left the Underworld. Come then, Roygun Belphegor! Let us see who is stronger." Air rushed around Achilles's body in a boom as he launched up into the maze of Cracks.

The moment he entered the Maze, Roygun manipulated her power, expanding Cracks to barr his path, shrinking Cracks to allow her peerage to move freely and opening channels for them to strike at Achilles.

An arrow shattered against Achilles's back as he leapt off one Crack through a miniscule gap between two others. A bolt of demonic power harmlessly dissipated against his faceplate as he stabbed through Eisil; the knuclavee's body scattered into mirror shards.

Despite Roygun's best efforts to trap him, Achilles was making steady progress through the trap she'd laid. The splits in reality around her made it look like she was standing in twelve different places at once, but with his speed, he would be able to find her true body soon.

Achilles sped towards Roygun. Somehow finding her without searching through the reflections. Roygun didn't have time to ponder how he'd done it.

"Ancas!" Roygun called, letting every Crack she'd formed around her fade.

Achilles froze in place, spear aimed towards Roygun's chest, shield hugged close to his body. Roygun heard his powerful muscles straining, his armor creaking as he tried to break free from what held him.

"Do not let him move, Ancas." Roygun ordered.

Floating down next to her on devilish wings far too small to logically hold his enormous body, the serpentine form of Ancas didn't respond, too focused on Achilles.

Ancas was a basilisk. In addition to being a powerful combatant, his eyes possessed their own power. Much like the famous monster Medusa, a basilisk's gaze held the power to paralyze anyone who met their eyes into stone. Amplified by Severance's Clan Trait, this power became that much more devastating.

Roygun had won many a Rating Game by luring the opposing King into a trap and letting Ancas turn them to stone. With the healers on standby outside the arena, the petrification wasn't permanent, but it was sufficient to end most Rating Games.

The full power of Ancas's gaze held Achilles trapped in place. The demigod could not move; he was staring directly into Ancas's eyes, yet he didn't turn to stone.

After hearing his name, Roygun knew Ancas's gaze likely wouldn't be able to turn Achilles to stone. The hero was invulnerable. Nothing could physically affect him. But Ancas's gaze wasn't purely physical. Ancas might not be able to turn the demigod to stone, but he could still affect Achilles with the mystical paralysis inflicted by his gaze.

"Hit his heels now!" Roygun ordered, banishing every Crack around her to give her peerage a clear path to Achilles. The demigod had proven he was a difficult foe to fight, hard to pin down and extremely skilled with his spear. They needed to get him off the field before Balthazar decided to send in help through a Hole.

Juniper and Kurogane dashed towards Achilles's legs. The armored demigod couldn't move as they approached, still trapped in Ancas's eyes. He would be forced to remain there, immoble, while they tore away the sturdy armor around his ankles and retired the legendary hero. They had him.

A challenging roar shook the air.

Roygun whipped around, her hair catching awkwardly on her horns. Her eyes widened as she saw a massive serpentine dragon coiling through the air towards them. Coal. He was closing in fast.

"Retire Achilles now!" Roygun ordered, raising her arms. Reality fractured in Coal's path, forcing the dragon to spin to the side to avoid the impenetrable barrier of space in front of him.

Severance stepped up next to Roygun. Her yellow eyes glowed as she began to sing. Unlike before, her song was not a beautiful melody. Now it was a chant, deep and reverberating.

Much like how the Valac Clan Trait could empower serpents and other serpentine beings, it could also weaken them. Roygun and Severance had developed a plan to deal with Coal when they faced the regenerating dragon that seemed impossible to put down. Severance's Clan Trait had weakened dragons in the past, western dragons. A serpentine dragon like Coal would likely be affected as well.

Their hunch was right.

The moment Severance's power washed over Coal, a change rippled over the dragon. His movements turned sluggish. The unshakeable authority the dragon exuded as he charged them was gone. Still, the dragon limped towards them through the air.

Roygun saw her chance and took it. She felt the cracks in Coal's armor where his scales overlapped one-another. She reached towards those connections and magnified them.

Chunks of scale and flesh were torn from Coal's body as Cracks split him apart.

Golden energy poured from Coal's wounds, slowly knitting them back together. Coal's regeneration was typically instantaneous. Now, it was merely rapid. They could eliminate him right now.

Severance recognized the same opportunity Roygun saw. Her chants grew louder, shaking the air with their intensity.

Calyphene and Thelisei joined them, scoring the dragon with spells and puncturing his body with enchanted arrows.

Roygun continued blasting chunks out of Coal, using Crack to effect maximum damage on the dragon.

The confident, unstoppable dragon who'd begun the charge had turned into a bleeding wreck barely able to remain airborne.

Coal opened his mouth in a desperate roar. A jet of fire lanced through the air towards Roygun and Severance. They flew higher into the air, easily avoiding the desperate attack.

A yell of pain from behind Roygun made the King realize the attack wasn't meant for her.

Coal's flames were not nearly hot enough to burn Ancas through his scales. The fire passed harmlessly over the basilisk's head, covering his eyes for a moment.

A moment was all Achilles needed.

Free from the basilisk's paralysis, Achilles spun around and struck Kurogane before she could react. The reincarnated sword looked down, dumbly staring at the spear impaling her through the chest. In a flash of silver energy, she disappeared.

"Roygun Belphegor's Knight Retired." the announcement came.

Roygun grit her teeth, watching as Juniper desperately created reflections to put between herself and the now freed Achilles. Achilles was dispatching the reflections faster than Juniper could make them.

"Retire Coal!" Roygun ordered Severance and the lamiae sisters. The dragon was weaker now than anyone in the Underworld had ever witnessed. They needed to get rid of him before he could regenerate.

Roygun turned her back on the dragon, arms raised.

Cracks split the air in front of Achilles, catching the point of his spear as he moved to finish off Juniper. Juniper scurried off, fleeing as fast as she could under the cover Roygun provided her. She sent another reflection at Achilles to stab at him between the Cracks.

Achilles spun around and flew back up towards Roygun. Roygun created another maze of Cracks, sheltering within it. She risked a glance over her shoulder. Her eyes widened when she saw Coal was gone. She hadn't heard an announcement that he was retiring. Balthazar must have pulled him away before Severance could finish him off.

Roygun refocused on the demigod charging towards her. At least he was alone again. They almost had him before. They would take him again.


X


"What are you doing, master? I had them right where I wanted them!" Coal was in his human form, glaring unhappily at me.

I raised an eyebrow at him, giving him a once over. His face was half-melted off. Dozens of cuts and bruises covered his body. There were many places where he was simply missing flesh. I was pretty sure I could see the bottom of his lung through a sizable hole in his abdomen. His flesh was slowly knitting itself back together, far slower than was normal for him.

"Coal, they would have retired you if I hadn't pulled you out of there." I said.

Coal shrugged, uncaring and unaffected by his many grievous wounds. "Then they beat me. This is the most challenging fight I've got out of a group of devils since Regulus became one. If they can really bring me down, then they deserve to. I haven't lost a fight to anyone but my brother in months! I need to know there are still others out there that can contend with me. Come on, master! Today is supposed to be for fun. I didn't get to fight the undead dragon so at least give me this. Send me back!"

Coal looked far too excited when one took into account the pool of rapidly expanding blood on the floor beneath him.

I sighed tiredly. "If that's what you want, who am I to deny you? Give 'em hell, big guy." I opened another Hole connected to the sky above where I'd just pulled him away from Roygun's fight.

"Thank you, master! This is the best outing we've gone on so far! We need to do it again!" Coal leapt through the Hole. I heard an echoing roar bounce through the Hole before I closed it.

"We might have to make an appearance in the match after all." I said, sitting back down and cuddling into Medea's side.

"If it comes to that, we will do what we must. Until then, let them have their fun. I think they've earned it." Medea said, watching on the magical screen in front of us as Roygun fled from Achilles through an ever-expanding maze of Cracks. She was doing an admirable job of limiting his mobility. Still, I didn't think she'd be able to bring him down. That stunt with Ancas was likely the best shot they would have. Achilles was too fast, too skilled and too good to fall for that a second time.

It would be interesting to see what happened.


X


"He's back!" Severance called out in alarm.

Roygun's head whipped around, searching the sky. There, high above Severance, Coal's beaten form reappeared, charging down towards them with an excited roar.

Severance began chanting again. Spells and arrows cut into Coal's flesh as he fell towards them. Eisil and Ancas flew up together, flanking Coal and attacking together.

Coal sent a gout of flame down towards Severance before his jaws snapped to the side, catching Ancas.

Ancas hissed in pain, thrashing in Coal's grasp, only succeeding in sustaining more damage as Coal's teeth tore into him.

Ancas returned the favor, coiling around and sinking his large fangs into Coal's body. The two serpents curled around each other as they fell through the air.

Eisil grabbed hold of Coal and fell with them, stomping down into Coal with his hooves and tearing at the dragon with his claws.

If Roygun didn't know any better, she could have sworn she heard the dragon laughing as he sustained more damage than any other creature could possibly take and still be conscious.

The momentary distraction caused Roygun to lose sight of Achilles. A flash of bronze drew Roygun's eyes to the left.

Achilles had departed Roygun's cage of Cracked space, leaving her behind to fly up into the air and support Coal.

Achilles had joined the Rooks high in the sky in seconds, spear reared back.

"Eisil!" Juniper called desperately. Her warning wasn't enough.

Eisil looked up in time to see Achilles appear directly in front of him, driving his spear through the facsimile of a rider on the nucklavee's back. Achilles and Eisil tore free of Coal and Ancas, leaving the two massive beasts to bite and smack at each other. Coal's claws dug into Ancas's flesh as Ancas's venom, Severance's song and the lamiae sister's projectiles eroded Coal's body away. Roygun could see the dragon's skeleton in places.

Eisil tried to get away from Achilles. Achilles threw his spear through Eisil's lower body, drawing his sword and following up to slash the Knuclavee in the span of a second.

Eisil shrieked in rage and fury, falling upon Achilles and dragging him down towards the ground, away from the rest of Roygun's peerage.

Roygun moved to support him, then frowned. Eisil was nearly spent. The nucklavee knew that. He was taking Achilles away so they could eliminate Coal.

Roygun turned her attention upwards.

Coal's scales exploded away from his body as Roygun opened Cracks all along his serpentine form.

Severance's chanting, a sea of spells, raining arrows, basilisk's venom, the devil trait of Clan Belphegor – not even the great regenerative powers of the Colchian Dragon could withstand all of this at once.

In a flash of gold, Coal disappeared, leaving a grievously injured Ancas in his wake.

"Balthazar Abaddon's Pawn retired."

Roygun let out a slow breath. When planning to face Balthazar's peerage, Coal was who they planned for the most. With him off the field, they could rest easier.

"Roygun Belphegor's Rook retired."

Roygun's eyes narrowed, looking down towards the ground. Immediately, she opened Cracks mixed into the tops of the buildings, preventing Achilles from charging up from where he just dispatched Eisil.

"We need to regroup and recover. Ancas, can you make it?" Roygun said, still barring Achilles's path. Ancas was their best hope of defeating Achilles. They couldn't fight the demigod while Ancas was so weak.

"I…can…" The great snake was barely moving. Deep wounds covered his body. Slick blood poured from his form. He was moments away from being retired. Coal nearly tore the basilisk apart.

"Paul, help him. Don't take everything. We still need you too. Severance, start getting everyone out of here." Roygun ordered.

A brown-haired man flew up from where he'd taken shelter during the fight to Ancas's side. Roygun gave him specific orders to avoid fighting if at all possible. He was more valuable to them if he stayed in the fight, not if he eliminated the opponent. Paul clutched a necklace hung around his neck and placed his other hand on Ancas's head. Paul sucked in a breath as holy light illuminated his necklace. Ancas's wounds very slowly began to heal. Paul's red robes darkened with his blood.

Paul's story still made Roygun's heart ache. The man was once a priest. Not greedy, perverse and corrupt like many priests in the modern age. No, he was a good man, only wanting to help the people around him as best as he could. When the church learned he had a Sacred Gear, they took him to become an exorcist. When they realized which Sacred Gear he had, they locked him away.

Holy Martyr was one of the few Sacred Gears tailored towards healing rather than killing. Unlike Twilight Healing, Holy Martyr came at a cost. Holy Martyr granted Paul regenerative abilities nearly equal to Coal. In order to heal others, Paul needed to take their wounds onto himself.

The church saw Paul as a vital asset, but not as a person. The first time Paul tried to leave, they chained him beneath a church, forcing him to heal their exorcists. The second time, they locked him in an iron maiden to teach him a lesson, then kept him unconscious whenever he was not needed to heal anyone. The regeneration granted by his Sacred Gear prevented him from needing to eat. It didn't banish Paul's hunger, his thirst.

Desperate, Paul reached out to Roygun, a devil, seeking salvation from the church. Roygun took Paul into her peerage, killing the corrupt Cardinal who'd ordered Paul be kept as he was. Whether the Cardinal worked alone or worked with the Vatican's blessing, Roygun didn't care. They'd hurt her Bishop through incompetence or malice. Roygun had never liked the church. After reincarnating Paul, she grew to hate them.

Holy light emanated from Paul. Ancas sighed as many of his wounds closed. Paul grit his teeth as he began to regenerate the injuries he'd taken from Ancas.

"We need to go now." Roygun said, watching as Chilles burst through the roof of a building rather than try to navigate her barrier of Cracks. Roygun erected a dome of cracks above Achilles, locking him back down near the ground. She couldn't keep this up forever. She needed to rest too.

"Everyone follow me." Severance said, leading the way away from Achilles.

Roygun waited until the rest of her peerage was following, then she joined them.


X


Iona crept across rooftops, eyes peeled for anyone from Balthazar's peerage.

She'd done her research prior to this Rating Game. She knew everything available about each of Balthazar's known peerage members and quite a bit of the speculation as well. She didn't believe all of it, but it was good to know regardless. Some more fanciful people online claimed that Aqua was once the ruler of a shadow world which was why she looked the way she did and could use the powers she had. It was obviously ridiculous, but it was amusing if nothing else.

When Iona first started competing in Rating Games for Roygun, she saw it as a way to pay Roygun back for saving her.

Decades ago, when Iona was a young girl, before she became a devil, she activated her Sacred gear while hunting with her father. She was proud. She thought it was amazing. She had powers no one else did. She could do things they couldn't.

Then the church came.

They preached at her about a higher calling and her true purpose. Iona didn't want to go with them. She said no.

They didn't like that. They pretended to accept it, leaving her.

That night, her father whisked her out of the village she'd lived in all her life. He asked her if she really wanted to be free. He sent her to live with his sister.

The church came after. They arrested her father as a heretic. Then they came for Iona's aunt. Another heretic, they claimed.

Her father and aunt died in prison, caged so Iona could go free.

Iona spent a long time running, using the very Sacred Gear the church coveted to evade them.

Desperate, she reached out to Hell for safety. Roygun answered.

Iona was given a home, a family. She was safe from the church and finally able to live her own life.

Iona owed Roygun. Bringing her King into the second ranked position in the Rating Games was one way she repaid Roygun.

She did grow to enjoy these fights though. Using her Sacred Gear to move unheard and unseen through great battles, eliminating key targets. It was exhilarating.

Iona crouched on the edge of a building, looking out for any sign of opposition.

She'd heard the announcements. She knew there had already been fighting. They'd lost two pieces. Balthazar had only lost one. At least they were already doing better than Bedeze's peerage. Balthazar hadn't lost a single piece when he fought his uncle.

Hopefully the Pawn they eliminated was Coal, but eliminating Shang Tsung would be just as valuable. That guy was terrifying. He was probably the only target Iona wouldn't try to eliminate on her own. She wasn't sure what he would do to her if he caught her. After seeing what happened to Runa… No. It wasn't worth the risk.

Powerful as her Sacred Gear, Phantom Presence, was, it was still fallible. No one could see her. No one could hear her. Mystical scryings couldn't touch her. She still left a trace. Footprints, scent, taking up space – there were ways for others to spot her if they knew what they were doing.

A sniffing sound came from behind Iona. Iona tensed, slowly turning around.

Peeking its head out of a small wooden box, fiery ear smooshed by the lid, a small blue cat sleepily blinked as it looked around.

Iona went still as a statue. How had she not seen the cat? Was it hiding in the box to surprise her?

The cat's eyes narrowed in irritation as it sniffed at the air, ear still smooshed under the lid of the box. "I can't see you, but I can smell you. You're interrupting my nap. Go away before I eat you." The cat fell back down into the box. The lid smacked shut behind her.

Iona hesitated only a moment before she fled the roof with all haste. She didn't stop running until she was three blocks away, hiding under a gaudy sign with a sculpted dragon on it.

Iona forced her breathing to slow, getting herself back under control.

Iona's Sacred Gear made her perfectly suited to act as an assassin. She approached when others weren't expecting her and took them out before they could react. She was good in a fight, but she was well aware that Juniper and Kurogane could run circles around her. Iona didn't get into straight fights with anyone. It wasn't what she was good at.

Especially when that 'anyone' was fucking Matatabi.

No one knew who Matatabi was or where Balthazar managed to find her. The one thing they all agreed on was that if Matatabi wasn't so lazy, she would be absolutely terrifying to fight. She fought and defeated multiple members of Bedeze's peerage at once without seeming to even try. No one knew if she could even be hurt in her cat form. In her more humanoid devil form, she had flesh. As a cat? She was made of nothing but fire. How do you hurt fire?

Iona knew her limits. She couldn't beat Matatabi. The cat seemed content to sleep in that box, so she'd leave Matatabi to her nap and go find someone else to eliminate. She'd tell Roygun where Matatabi was and let her King handle it.


X


Shang Tsung was walking through the street, not really intending to go anywhere specific, just enjoying the stroll. He paused when he heard the announcement.

Looking off to the side where he felt one of his Queen's familiars, he said, "Is Aqua in trouble?" Keno and Aqua went out together. If they eliminated Keno, Aqua might be in over her head.

A Hole appeared next to his ear. "They actually got Coal. Keno's still in." Balthazar's voice said.

A chittering of surprise.

Shang Tsung looked up with his eyes. The small moth sitting on his head had stopped eating the paper she was munching on, staring down at him with those big eyes.

"Mothra wants to know how they beat him." Shang Tsung said. Mothra's way of communicating didn't really work through Hole. You had to be near her for her to reach out and touch your mind. Something about how Hole connected spaces made it hard for her to reach through them to communicate.

"Severance weakened his healing factor, then the entire peerage dog-piled him. I pulled him out, but he said he was having fun and wanted to go back. I sent him back and they kept doing more of the same. He managed to keep Achilles from getting out though." Balthazar explained.

"I have fought Coal more than anyone except Regulus and Sairaorg. If Roygun and her peerage managed to eliminate the dragon, they would have had to earn it." Shang Tsung said. Coal was an absolute monster in combat. He hit like a freight train and didn't stay down.

"Head's up. Roygun's peerage split up and there's a couple heading your way. I don't know if they'll cross your path, but be ready. It's–"

"Thank you, master." Shang Tsung said apologetically as he interrupted Balthazar. "Mothra and I were hoping to be surprised by our opponents."

"By all means. Let me know if you guys need any help. Have fun." The Hole disappeared.

Fluttering excitement.

Shang Tsung reached up and gently ran a finger down Mothra's thorax the way she liked. "I'm looking forward to this too. Try not to scare them into having heart attacks before I get a chance to fight, would you?"

Mothra let out a mischievous hum as she resumed eating the paper she'd brought with her to the arena. It was one of the sheets she enjoyed the most. Shang Tsung had been testing different qualities of paper to work his magic. He'd found Mothra to be a good sounding board for how effective the paper would be. The more Mothra enjoyed eating it, the more powerful the paper would be in his workings.

Shang Tsung shook his head fondly as the moth nibbled on her snack, continuing his path down the road.

He walked for just over a minute when Mothra paused her nibbling once more.

A flash of alertness.

Shang Tsung looked up in the direction Mothra indicated.

A black-haired woman flew through the sky riding on the back of a massive creature. Large feathered wings colored like amber beat against the sky. An eagle's head and talons shaped the front of the creature's body. Behind, the creature's form morphed into the hindsection of a lion.

"Juniper and Silverwing." Shang Tsung observed.

Like most members of Balthazar's peerage. Shang Tsung knew each member of Roygun's peerage. He did not delve as deeply into their respective abilities as Aqua had, but he knew the more important ones. Juniper was the girl who held the Sacred Gear Mirror Imprint. Silverwing was a griffin, one of Roygun's Pawns. If Shang Tsung remembered correctly, Silverwing took 3 Pawns to reincarnate. In total, Roygun only had five Pawns. Silverwing and Iona, the girl with Phantom Presence, had taken three and two Pawns respectively. They still outnumbered Balthazar's Pawns, but their quality was less.

Silverwing banked left. A mirror imprint continued flying forward with another Juniper on its back.

Shang Tsung grinned, excited.

This was a common tactic for Roygun's peerage. When Juniper lost Eisil, she would switch to ride either Silverwing or Ancas to continue creating additional forces. With Kurogane gone, the effect of her Sacred gear was weakened. She couldn't create an independent weapon, only a copy of herself and one of the griffin.

High above, Silverwing screeched in challenge. The mirror copy turned into a dive, heading directly for Shang Tsung and Mothra as the real Juniper and Silverwing stayed high in the sky to observe what happened.

Shang Tsung raised his arms out to his sides. Green energy flowed around him. His silver armor gleamed bright, turning gold. His dark hair lengthened, adopting a silver shine. Shang Tsung's figure shifted, sculpted muscles altering to accommodate feminine curves.

Shang Tsung, now wore the appearance of Runa Boreasdottir, the demigoddes who, in life, served as Bedeze Abaddon's Queen. Shang Tsung closed his fist, calling a spear into his hand from where it was stored in one of Balthazar's Holes, the same place his armor resided while not in use.

"Come then!" Shang Tsung called out in challenge, a corona of golden energy swelling through the street. "Face the one who laid low one of Hell's mightiest Queens!"

High above, The true bodies of Juniper and Silverwing banked hard to the left, accelerating away.

The reflections of the griffin and its rider dove towards Shang Tsung, blade and claws reaching.

Shang Tsung stomped on the ground. The street exploded upwards as an enormous serpent of golden energy burst through the pavement, fangs grasping towards the mirrored reflections of Juniper and Silverwing. The reflections, controlled by Juniper high above, were unable to move in time to avoid the mighty serpent.

A sound of glass shattering. The mirrors scattered into thousands of reflective fractals.

Already, another reflection split away from Juniper and Silverwing, diving towards Shang Tsung while Juniper and Silverwing continued to flee.

"You might want to hold on, Mothra." Shang Tsung said.

Silver hair drifted in a light breeze, fluttering as it turned auburn. Shang Tsung grew several inches as he settled into Achilles's form.

Atop Shang Tsung's head, Mothra nestled down into the sorcerer's hair, bracing her small body.

A shockwave was left in Shang Tsung's wake as he sprinted down the street. While Shang Tsung was unable to copy Achilles's full speed, he was able to mimic the legend. Silverwing, laden with a rider, couldn't hope to escape him.

Shang Tsung ran beneath the second reflection, ignoring it as he kept pace with the true bodies of Silverwing and Juniper on the ground.

The reflection behind him shattered. Another split off of the duo, turning to dive towards Shang Tsung while Juniper and Silverwing climbed straight up, rapidly gaining altitude.

Shang Tsung took one more step, arching his arm back and snapping it forward, carrying the momentum of his run into the spear he held, throwing it upwards fast as a bullet.

The reflection was barely able to divert its path, diving in front of the spear to take the blow before it could impact the real Silverwing. Mirror fragments continued to rain down as yet another reflection peeled away from the true body of the griffin and rider.

Shang Tsung's body shrunk down. Achilles's bulging muscles shrunk, still well-defined but no longer akin to the divine. His hair shortened, turning gold.

Shang Tsung held out a hand. After a moment, a Hole appeared in front of him, paired to one high in the sky.

Shang Tsung stepped through, his wings catching him as he began to fall. The sorcerer looked up at the girl and the creature a short distance away. He grinned.

Juniper's eyes widened in surprise and fear. Silverwing's wings beat desperately against the way, pulling the griffin and rider away. Another reflection split from them to charge towards Shang Tsung.

Balthazar's form disappeared in a flash. Shang Tsung once more wore the guise of Bedeze's fallen queen.

Golden energy exploded out from Shang Tsung in a shockwave. Silverwing trembled in the air, barely able to right himself before Juniper tumbled off his back.

Golden magic circles appeared in the air around Shang Tsung. Glowing runes danced through the air. The skyline became saturated in a sea of golden beams of energy.

Silverwing and Juniper dove, desperate to escape Shang Tsung's onslaught. Reflections were rapidly created and destroyed, used as shields to tank any blast Silverwing couldn't dodge.

A fluttering warning. Mothra bit down on Shang Tsung's hair and tugged his head to the side.

Shang Tsung flew slightly to the right. A glowing blue arrow whizzed past his head, missing him by mere inches.

Shang Tsung spun around. Two women with serpentine lower bodies flew towards him as a pair. One continued raining arrows towards him. The other chanted, summoning magic to blast him away. Both women had an otherworldly ivory glow around their bodies.

A shield appeared on Shang Tsung's arm. A golden shield of magic expanded out from the shield just in time to absorb another arrow and a bolt of lightning.

A challenging shriek from below pulled Shang Tsung's attention.

Silverwing had turned in midair. Now, Silverwing and Juniper flew up towards him from beneath, a reflective copy climbing through the air at their side.

Shang Tsung prepared to resume his magical bombardment, he paused when he felt a light weight depart the top of his head.

Grinning, Shang Tsung refocused on the lamiae sisters. Golden energy shot towards the duo as if from a coordinated arrow barrage.

The mage, Thelisei Shang Tsung recalled her name, erected a barrier that both of the sisters hid behind.

Shang Tsung's form flashed green, silver hair turned gold. The sorcerer backed into a Hole, appearing behind the two lamiae.

Gold hair turned blue. Shang Tsung grinned with Matatabi's sharpened fangs, unleashing an apocalypse of blue flame upon the unprepared lamiae.

Thelisei and Calyphene screamed. Thelisei threw up a protective shield, far too late to avoid the initial onslaught. Both she and her sister were severely burned. Were it not for the pearl-like energy empowering them, they would likely have retired already.

"sssssSSSSSKREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

Chuckling at the look of pure terror on the faces of the lamiae sisters, Shang Tsung followed their gazes downward.

Juniper and Silverwing had tried to flank him from below. When Shang Tsung hadn't turned to face the threat they posed, they accelerated, hoping to capitalize on an opening. That mistake would cost Roygun's peerage Silverwing, perhaps Juniper as well.

Several hundred meters below Shang Tsung, wings beating against the air with the force of a hurricane, Mothra had grown to her full, titanic size. Silverwing was caught completely by surprise. The reflection at his side was scattered with a careless swat of one of Mothra's limbs. Her forelegs tightly held the griffin himself, pinning his wings to his sides as Mothra brought the struggling griffin up close to her eyes.

Stuck in the grasp of the massive moth, the large form of Silverwing looked little more significant than a struggling mouse caught by a cat.

A moment before Silverwing was trapped, the griffin bucked, throwing Juniper clear. Now, Juniper sent reflections of herself at Mothra, desperately attacking the moth to try to free her companion. Mothra didn't pay the tiny tickles of Juniper's attacks any mind, focused entirely on Silverwing.

The air trembled. Slowly, a deep, reverberating sound grew to the strength of a thunderclap. Mothra's voice shook the stadium as she screamed at the griffin caught in her grasp.

Silverwing threw his head back, thrashing desperately, screaming as blood flowed from his ears. In a flash of light, the griffin vanished.

"Roygun Belphegor's Pawn retired." the announcement came.

Mothra's maelstrom-sized eyes turned to regard Juniper. Juniper saw her own visage reflected in each hexagonal lens of Mothra's eyes.

The small devil turned and fled as fast as she could, her Sacred gear creating reflective copies in her wake to cover her retreat.

Mothra's body slowly shrunk, returning down to the size of the overgrown house moth she typically favored.

Shang Tsung returned his attention to the lamiae sisters. Unsurprisingly, they were fleeing with just as much motivation as Juniper below them.

Shang Tsung's opponents would not so easily escape him.

In a green flash, Balthazar's form robed Shang Tsung. Shang Tsung stepped through a Hole, appearing directly into the path of the fleeing lamiae. Another flash. Runa Boreasdottir smiled evilly at the fleeing lamiae sisters.

Raising his arms, Shang Tsung conjured a pair of massive golden serpents. The beasts twirled through the air, striking at the lamiae from different angles.

Calyphene sent arrow after arrow into the one striking them from behind, scattering the magic as she blasted it apart with her bow.

Thelisei shot a beam of dark energy into the serpent striking them from the front. The construct eroded from its tip to its tail, crumbling into dark goop that fell from the sky.

When the sisters looked up, Shang Tsung was gone.

Thelisei gasped, clutching at her chest.

Surprised, Calyphene spun around. Her eyes widened. Claws sprung from her hand as she slashed forwards.

Thelisei's shadow had shape. A shadowy arm dripping blackness held the hilt of a dagger driven into Thelisei's back.

The form of Aqua flowed away from Thelisei's body, narrowly dodging Calyphene's claws. In a flash, Aqua became Matatabi. Blue fire slipped between her lips as she grinned.

The sky was enveloped in an azure inferno. Two smoking bodies fell through the flame, vanishing in flashes of red energy.

"Roygun Belphegor's Pawn and Bishop retired." the announcement came.

Shang Tsung slowly reclaimed his true appearance, wiping the taste of Matatabi's fire from his lips.

A soft weight landed atop his head. A singing request.

Shang Tsung frowned, glaring upwards at the antenna peeking over his forehead. "Juniper is still getting away."

Shang Tsung hissed as one of Mothra's wings lightly smacked him on the forehead. A chittering of impatient insistence.

Sighing, Shang Tsung reached into a satchel at his side, retrieving a sheet of paper and holding it up above his head.

A fluttering of pleased gratitude. Mothra nimbly took the offered paper and began nibbling on it, humming in contentment as she burrowed into Shang Tsung's hair to make herself more comfortable.

"Fine." Shang Tsung said, irritable. "I'll let someone else deal with Juniper."

Turning in the opposite direction, Shang Tsung slowly descended from the sky to walk the street once more. All the while, a happy moth chewed on her delicious snack.


X


Roygun pursed her lips, staring down at the building beneath her suspiciously. She would have liked to have more support for this encounter. Unfortunately, Achilles's pursuit of her peerage required her to make a difficult decision. It was inevitable the demigod would catch up to them. She needed to buy Paul time to help Ancas heal, so she'd split her peerage up. They flew in different directions, seeing which one of them Achilles would prioritize. He'd chosen to chase after Severance. Leaving her Queen to deal with the demigod alone didn't sit well with Roygun, but she needed to take the most of the opportunity Severance was providing to make some headway in eliminating more of Balthazar's peerage. She'd lost too many pieces already.

"What should we do?" Santha, Roygun's Pawn, asked nervously. The blonde was nervously fidgeting with her longsword, staring anxiously down at the building.

"Stay here and wait for my word." Roygun said. She knew Santha wouldn't be much help in the coming battle. It was better to keep her in reserve for later.

Taking a breath to prepare herself, Roygun descended to the roof of the building.

Roygun's feet touched the flat paved roof. Across the roof, a wooden box sat menacingly. Roygun received Iona's report a short while ago. She knew what to expect.

Stepping carefully, Roygun approached the box. The air shifted unnaturally around her as she prepared herself for a fight. At any moment, the roof of the building could be torn asunder and battle could be joined.

Roygun reached the box. She kicked open the lid with her foot.

A flaming blue cat sat upright in the box, tails swishing lazily behind as it stared at her.

"You smell nice." the cat said, head tilted sideways.


X


Shiroe was nervous.

When the Rating Game began, Shiroe didn't believe there was any cause for concern. He'd seen many of Roygun's past Rating Games, watching them in preparation for this match. Shiroe didn't expect Balthazar's peerage would have too much trouble dealing with them.

Then Coal was eliminated.

It didn't compute. How did they manage to bring down Coal? Shiroe hadn't been with the peerage long, but even he knew how absurdly powerful the Colchian Dragon was. Monstrous strength and near-insurmountable regeneration. Yet Roygun's peerage managed to eliminate the dragon.

Perhaps Shiroe was too hasty in his assessment.

At his side, Irene frowned, sniffing at the air. Her eyes narrowed. "We are not alone."

Shiroe frowned, then his eyes widened. Shiroe's head whipped around as he desperately looked around. "Iona." he said, a trace of fear in his voice.

Irene's arm lashed out, fingers closing down around something Shiroe couldn't see.

"Attack me again and I will retire you." Irene said calmly. "I will not intervene if you attack my companion."

"What!" Shiroe called out in shock, backing away from Irene and the invisible woman she held in her grasp.

Irene smiled encouragingly at him. "This is a good opportunity for you, Shiroe. You have a chance to gain experience fighting an adversary that has every advantage against you. You have the tools to succeed. Use them." Irene released her hold on the invisible enemy and backed away. Irene's body shimmered as she slowly disappeared from sight.

Shiroe lifted his staff up and began layering defensive spells over himself, mind rapidly going over what he knew of Iona.

Supposedly, her Sacred gear made her unable to be seen or heard and protected her from scrying magic. Irene was literally able to sniff her out, but Shiroe doubted he could do the same. Irene's draconic senses were far superior to his half-alv senses.

Shiroe grunted in pain as one of the armor spells he cast shattered. A dagger clattered to the ground beneath him, having just punched him in the back of his shoulder. Without his spell, he would have been eliminated.

Shiroe raised a hand, spell circles lighting up before him. When facing a hidden opponent, a caster's best friend was area-of-effect magic.

Bolts of lightning crackled forth from his spell circle, blasting into the ground before him. Each bolt struck twice, unleashing a cacophonous boom with each strike.

Shiroe paused, looking at the destroyed street in front of him. No retirement announcement came. Iona must have somehow avoided his attack.

Even though his attack failed, Shiroe couldn't help but smile proudly as he felt energy crackle between his fingertips. He'd come a long way in a very short time; combat magic wasn't even his specialty.

Shiroe frowned, concentrating. He needed a way to be able to locate Iona before she struck again. Irene was able to smell her. Shiroe never would have expected he would need to enhance his sense of smell, but theoretically he could do it. He was an enchanter, a support caster with the power of imagination on his side.

Yellow energy hummed atop his skin as Shiroe channeled his power towards enhancing his senses.

The gentle passing of wind now thundered in Shiroe's ears. He could taste the eggs he'd had for breakfast more clearly than when he'd sat down to eat them. The light in the arena was nearly blinding.

The enhancement worked a little too well. Shiroe wasn't prepared for the overload of information flooding his senses. Through the storm of new feelings, he caught a hint of lilac. Shiroe felt the air around his neck rapidly part as an object flew towards him.

Another defensive layer of shields shattered as a blade bounced off Shiroe's neck. Shiroe fell backwards. He'd tried to dodge the blade but was too slow.

Shiroe wasn't attacked while he was attacking. Trying to buy himself time to think, he began blasting the entire area with lightning, spinning in a circle and sending arcing bolts all around him.

Smell wasn't working. He didn't have enough experience parsing through the information from his enhanced senses to find Iona. He needed to try something else. He felt the air. Maybe he could feel her passing by?

Shiroe paused his assault as an idea came to him. Shiroe slammed his staff into the ground.

Electric blue vines covered in razor-sharp thorns exploded out of the ground in all directions, covering the entire street in a tangle of twisting vines. The vines part to Shiroe's left as a blade cut through them. There.

Shiroe closed his fist. Every vine on the street snapped towards the disturbance, covering every avenue of escape. More vines were cut, but Iona couldn't fight the overwhelming tide. Vines bound her arms and legs, locking her in place.

Shiroe looked at the space she occupied with narrow eyes, pushing his glasses up to readjust them. Shiroe drew a small dagger from a sheathe on his belt, placing the blade against the vine nearest to him. He cut the vine.

Every vine wound around Iona exploded in a violent burst of energy. Iona's hood fell off, revealing her agonized expression as a scream tore from her throat. A moment later she was gone.

"Roygun Belphegor's Pawn retired." the announcement came.

Shiroe flinched as a hand rested on his shoulder. He relaxed when he saw who it belonged to.

"Well done, Shiroe. Defeating a Sacred Gear in your first real fight is a great accomplishment." Irene praised him.

Shiroe frowned, looking down at the dagger on the ground that would have pierced his neck without his shield. "I need to get better."

"That's what I'm here for." Irene said comfortingly. "When I'm done with you, you'll be a force to be reckoned with."

Shiroe gave her a grateful nod. Together, the two continued walking down the street, leaving the destruction caused by the battle behind them.


X


"Who do you think that was?" Keno asked, eyes aimed up at the sky in the wake of the announcement.

Aqua grabbed her pin. "Who got out?" she said into the pin.

A small Hole opened in the air between them. "Shiroe beat Iona."

Aqua raised an eyebrow. "Did Irene help?"

"No." Balthazar said. "She let him do all the fighting."

Aqua whistled, impressed. "Good for Shiroe. I don't really have a way to track her, so I was a little worried about fighting her."

"Do you two need anything?" Balthazar asked.

"Where is the closest member of Roygun's peerage?" Keno asked.

"Ancas, Paul and Juniper are a couple thousand meters west of you. Juniper is making reflections of herself and Ancas to try to eliminate someone else before we whittle away the rest of her peerage." Balthazar said.

"That sounds fun." Aqua said, a wide smile on her face. She bumped Keno's shoulder. "Are you up for fighting an infinite army of fake basilisks and one real basilisk?"

Keno frowned, but nodded. She wasn't exactly thrilled at the idea of facing Ancas while Paul was around. They'd have to eliminate the healer first. A tricky prospect when Juniper could protect him with her reflections.

"Do you guys need support?" Balthazar asked.

"We'll try it with just us first. If that doesn't work, I'll call you." Aua said before Keno could request Irene's help.

"I'll be ready." Balthazar said. The Hole closed.

"You want to fight them with just the two of us?" Keno asked, frowning.

Aqua shrugged. "Paul isn't the greatest combatant. We target him first and get him out, then deal with the others. We should be able to take them, especially if you use that surprise you've got up your sleeve."

Keno furrowed her eyebrows. "I thought we were trying to keep some things to ourselves."

"That's mostly Bal and Medea. Besides, Shang Tsung showed off his tricks during his first Rating Game. Why not show off what you can do?"

Keno didn't respond, lost in her own thoughts. Did she really want to announce her Talent to Hell and the greater supernatural beyond?

"Well, it's up to you." Aqua said. "Either way, we've got some pieces to retire. Follow me!" Aqua took off through the air. Keno scrambled to follow behind her.

Partway through their flight, an announcement filled the arena.

"Roygun Belphegor's Bishop retired."

Keno frowned, drifting closer to Aqua as they flew through the air. "Was that Paul?"

"Had to be." Aqua said. "Thelisei was already beat."

"Who fought him?"

"It's possible he retired himself. His healing only works when he takes the damage onto himself. There's been times in the past where the damage to one of Roygun's pieces was so severe he had to retire himself to fully heal them. His Sacred Gear can only do so much."

"Was Ancas really hurt that bad?"

The corner of Aqua's lip pulled up as she looked at Keno. "Even playing around and having fun, Coal is an absolute monster. I'm honestly surprised Ancas is still in play. That basilisk is one tough cookie."

Keno's expression hardened. "Let's go finish what Coal started."

Aqua threw her head back in a laugh, flying over Keno to smack her on the shoulder. "There you go! Let's do this!"

A shadow rose out of one of the buildings beneath them. A small, spectral crow appeared in their path, arcing left.

One of Medea's familiars. She was showing them the way.

Keno and Aqua wordlessly fell in behind the crow, following it to their destination.

After several minutes, the raven stopped in midair looking up.

Keno followed the raven's gaze and gasped in surprise. "Move!" she shoved Aqua to the side.

A blob of viscous green fluid fell between them, narrowly missing Aqua.

Aqua turned to look up with Keno, an excited grin pulling at her lips. "Do you want Ancas or Juniper?" she asked.

Above, Juniper sat on Ancas's back as the basilisk lazily twirled through the air. A reflection peeled off of the basilisk, charging down towards them.

"I'll just fight whoever attacks me." Keno said. She cast a number of preparatory spells; her body flashed yellow, green, blue and gold as she prepared herself.

"Luck of the draw it is." Aqua said, the latter half of the sentence turning echoey and disjointed as Aqua split into eight different copies. "I'll deal with the reflections. Let's go for the real ones."

Keno nodded. PLan made, Aqua and Keno took off into the air, arcing wide around the reflections while Aqua's copies charged straight on. Juniper would now need to decide whether to recall the reflection and attack Keno or leave the reflection to fight Aqua's copies. She chose the second one.

Juniper leapt off Ancas's back, wings appearing to catch her before she could fall. The Knight drew her sword and angled downward, towards Keno. Ancas spiralled down towards where Aqua was rising. Looks like their opponents had decided who they wanted to fight.

It made sense. Aqua was a known quantity and a rather intimidating one at that. Ancas was the stronger of the two and didn't have many things Aqua could seal. In contrast, if Juniper lost access to her Sacred Gear, her combat potentially would plummet. They were banking on Juniper being able to eliminate Keno fast so she could join Ancas in fighting Aqua.

It made sense, but it pissed Keno off. She'd show this girl the error in her judgement.

Keno stopped flying up, arcing back and away to gain altitude while still forcing Juniper to follow her.

Juniper's eyebrows narrowed. She swung her sword. An afterimage continued forward after the blade stopped, flying towards Keno.

Keno easily dodged the blade, dipping down to avoid a second and third as Juniper kept unleashing attacks, channeling her Sacred Gear through her sword.

Keno lifted her hand, a diamond-colored spell circle appearing before her. Jagged crystals the length of her forearm launched out of the spell circle.

Juniper tensed, then watched as the crystals arced harmlessly above her. Juniper fixed Keno with an amused smile.

Juniper really wasn't taking Keno seriously enough.

A black magic circle appeared before Keno.

Juniper's eyes flew wide as gravity suddenly reversed on her, causing her to fall up. The crystals above her altered course, raining down from above while Juniper was helplessly carried towards them.

Juniper slashed her sword down through the air. Afterimages of the blade created a perfect wall of steel between her and the crystals, deflecting them all before Juniper could be injured.

Keno grit her teeth, firing more crystals at Juniper only for them to be absorbed by another afterimage of Juniper's sword.

In the skies a short distance away, five Aquas flew down in waves, slashing at Ancas in an attempt to injure him. The snake nimbly moved out of their paths, biting and thrashing at them. He managed to connect to one of the copies, scattering it into motes of energy.

One Aqua paused in the air above him, holding her Keyblade high then thrusting it downward. A torrent of lightning assaulted Ancas. The bolts knocked him around, but his scales held strong.

Keno couldn't help but think maybe she and Aqua should have swapped opponents. It would be simple for Keno to overcome the Basilisk's defenses and Aqua would have no trouble circumventing the mirror shields Juniper kept using. It was harder for Keno to get around them when she had to keep her distance from the Knight.

Many of the other members of Balthazar's peerage were treating this match as a game. Keno wasn't. She wanted to win. This was her chance to start paying Balthazar back for giving her a new home. Giving her a family. Giving her a life. They were winning this Rating Game.

"Aqua!" Keno called, sending another volley of crystals towards Juniper to force the Knight back. "Switch!"

Keno sent one final crystal lance towards Juniper then flew through the air towards Ancas, increasing her speed with a minor enhancement spell. She really needed to get with Shiroe to see how he was able to make his enhancements so powerful with so little training. That man was so gifted in enchantments it was downright unfair.

Three Aquas had small frowns on their face, but they complied with Keno's request, disengaging from Ancas while a fourth distracted him and was destroyed for its trouble. Aqua gave Keno a small nod as they passed each other, then immediately brought her Keyblade up to bat away Juniper's sword before it could slash into Keno from behind. Juniper was fast.

Keno climbed through the air, already raining crystal dagger down towards the basilisk.

Ancas snarled as the daggers sunk through his scales to remain lodged in his body. He shook a few out before coiling upwards towards her.

Crystals grew around Keno's face, making protective glasses. It was now much harder to see, but Keno would almost certainly be unable to focus on a point so small as Ancas's eyes, making his stone-gaze useless against her.

Ancas was getting closer. The crystal daggers she sent into him seemed to annoy the basilisk more than anything else. She needed something bigger.

Keno sighed. She was hoping to keep this in her back pocket for later. This was a friendly match and she knew true enemies would come in the future. Balthazar's life had already been threatened once. That was why Medea and Balthazar were avoiding participating in this fight directly, they wanted to keep some of their abilities secret so they could surprise their enemies.

Still, showing just how powerful Balthazar's servants were would do well to make others think twice about attacking him. The Underworld believed Balthazar had some of the strongest Pawns in Hell. Shang Tsung was touted as an equal to Queens and Coal was said to be stronger than most of the strongest Rooks. It was time to show them that Balthazar's Pawns truly were the best Hell had ever seen.

Keno did not possess Coal's titanic strength or unparalleled regeneration. Keno couldn't absorb traces of people's souls to copy what made them special like Shang Tsung. But she did have a Talent.

Televisions were wonderful things. Keno spent many nights since her reincarnation watching movies with Aqua. That wasn't the only thing she used the televisions for. Keno was born with a Talent that let her copy any spell she saw used, regardless of what other requirements that spell might have. The downside was she could only use one spell at a time. For centuries, that Talent was restricted, occupied keeping her alive while she held the spell that killed everyone and everything she ever knew, turning her into a vampire that bore the weight of an entire country's dead on its shoulders.

Landfall they'd named her. Her country fell to someone else's magic, but she was the one to bear the guilt.

That was just one more thing Balthazar had done for her. That spell, that curse that she had carried for years was gone now. Keno was free. Balthazar freed her; he freed her Talent. Keno owed Balthazar a debt she could never repay, but she would spend the rest of her immortal life trying.

Keno held a hand down towards the rapidly approaching form of Ancas. A spell circle, black like a night with no moon rimmed in crimson energy appeared before her hand.

Keno had come to realize the devils of this world, much like those of the world she came from, were arrogant and prideful. The older and more powerful a devil, the more they basked in these sins. They would go on talk shows or hire camera crews to watch them work their great magics to show off their power.

After Balthazar freed her from her burden Keno watched a video of Lord Bael showing the strength of his bloodline. With Aqua's help, Keno saved that video onto her new phone along with many others. They would be available whenever Keno needed them.

The dark spell circle in front of Keno hummed as an orb of pure destruction fired down towards Ancas. Space shook as its antitheses parted the air.

Ancas was caught completely by surprise. He'd been charging towards her as fast as he could to eliminate her. He was too close now to dodge.

Ancas shrieked as the orb of destruction struck him just beneath his head. Immediately, his scales and flesh began to erode away where struck by the orb. Less than a second after he was hit, a flash of gold pulled Ancas away.

"Roygun Belphegor's Rook retired."

Keno lowered her hand, her crystal glasses crumbling away as she smirked at the empty space that once held a basilisk. Let the Underworld, let the supernatural itself stew on that. Balthazar's Pawn could use the Bael's prized Power of Destruction.

"Roygun Belphegor's Knight retired."

Keno looked over her shoulder.

Juniper was gone. Three Aqua's had surrounded her, blasting fire and lighting down towards her while a fourth slipped past Juniper's mirror shield to stab her in the stomach. Aqua's copies rejoined her as she wiped the blood off her sword. She flew up to Keno and gave her a thumbs up.

"Good job, Keno. Let's see if we can't find any of the others."

Keno nodded. There was still a Rating Game to win.


X


Things were pretty much over.

I sat with Medea on a couch while we looked over the screens she was projecting, showing what her familiars saw.

With Juniper and Ancas gone, the only heavy-hitters left in Roygun's peerage were Severance and Roygun herself. Severance was occupied running away from Achilles to distract him and Roygun… We didn't actually know where Roygun was. She'd figured out how Medea was tracking her and started using Crack to shatter Medea's scryings and familiars.

Regardless, we'd only lost Coal and Roygun's peerage was running on fumes. This was basically the end.

"Balthazar," Medea said, a slight frown on her face. "Rogyun is approaching. Matatabi is with her."

My eyebrows furrowed. What did she mean Matatabi was with her?

Medea enlarged a screen and brought it over to me.

I sighed as I took in the image on screen. "Somehow, I'm not even surprised anymore." I said tiredly as I took in Roygun and Matatabi. "I'll go talk to her. If she attacks, please back me up." I was confident I could beat Roygun, but without using my Sacred Gear things would get very tricky.

"I'll be nearby." Medea assured me. She leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek before fading from view.

I stood and waved a hand. The window in front of me shattered outward. My wings sprouted from my back and I took to the sky.

Roygun was waiting for me in the sky above the building. She made no move to attack as I approached, merely floating there. Atop Roygun's head, resting with her limbs wound around Roygun's horns, Matatabi was fast asleep. Her little body swelled and shrunk in rhythm with her breathing.

"I believe you misplaced your Rook, Balthazar." Roygun said, an amused smile on her face as I joined her in the sky.

"Sorry about her."

Roygun shook her head, reaching up to scratch Matatabi's head. "It's no trouble."

Atop Roygun's head, Matatabi slowly opened one eye, staring at me lazily.

"You know we're in a Rating Game right now, right?" I asked tiredly.

Matatabi huffed at me, not moving from her slothful position. "She isn't trying to kill you or steal our things. I don't need to fight her. And she smells nice. Her head has a sleeping platform."

I looked at the cat through half-lidded eyes. "Those are her horns, Matatabi."

Matatabi didn't answer, shifting on Roygun's head so she was facing away from me. I heard light snoring from the dramatic cat.

I sighed, looking back at Roygun. "I really am sorry about her."

Roygun laughed. "Don't worry about it. I've enjoyed her company." Roygun looked off into the distance, a content smile on her face. "Decades I have held my position as the second-ranked peerage in the Underworld. I was beginning to think no one would come along who could challenge me. I'm pleased to see I was mistaken."

"The Rating Game isn't over yet." I said, watching her carefully.

Roygun chuckled. "Please, we are both aware of the position I am in. Perhaps I could eliminate some of your pieces personally, but that would leave me exhausted when I faced yourself and Medea. No. I am beaten. Soundly beaten."

"If it helps, you did much better than Bedeze. I was genuinely surprised that you were able to take down Coal."

"Had he been taking things more seriously, I don't know if we could have. He seemed far too happy as we did our level-best to tear him apart."

"He just enjoys fighting. Even when he loses those fights."

Roygun grinned at me. "I am the same way."

Looking up, Roygun carefully lifted Matatabi off of her head. Matatabi looked around, dreary and confused, as Roygun cradled her to her chest. Roygun drifted closer to me in the air and handed Matatabi to me. Matatabi climbed up onto my shoulder and stretched out only to wind herself around my neck and go to sleep again. Truly, there was never a more lazy creature in all of heaven and earth.

"I think I have kept poor Severance fleeing from Achilles for long enough." Roygun said, an amused curl to her lips. "I'd like to invite you and your peerage to my home after the Rating Game. Even with everything I've seen, I find myself ravenously curious about your new peerage members. Mothra and Keno especially have drawn my eye."

"I'll have to check if everyone's willing to attend, but we don't have anything planned after this." I said.

"Please don't feel pressured. I merely wish to celebrate my new place as the third seat in Hell's Rating Games."

I raised an eyebrow. "You want to celebrate losing your position? I don't think you even will. This is my second Rating Game. They can't make me the second seed after two Rating Games."

"It is not so much a celebration of my loss as it is a celebration of finding someone new to test myself against. And whether your ranking is official or not, everyone will agree that the peerage you have gathered is worthy of the second seed. Perhaps you could even unseat the emperor himself. I'm sure Diehauser would be just as happy as I am to finally lose to someone."

Roygun sighed. "But I'm dragging this out, aren't I? Thank you for agreeing to face me, Balthazar. Next time we do this, I'll be sure to give you a better challenge. I resign!"

Roygun vanished in a flash of gold. The arena slowly unravelled around me as an announcement shook the space.

"Roygun Belphegor has resigned. Balthazar Abaddon is the victor!"

Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: Feb 22, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Norego, TheGodofCheese, 1ll1lll1l and 1,518 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Feb 21, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 39 New
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Mar 8, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,066
Castle Belhegor was a sight to behold. Pure white walls stretching tall. Towers surrounding the keep. There was even a small settlement surrounding the keep, though it appeared mostly abandoned.

Unlike the original Castle Abaddon, Castle Belphegor still stood. During the Devil Civil War, the original castle Abaddon was sacked and destroyed, taking most Abaddons with it. That was why there were now only two of us left following Bedeze's death. The civil war hadn't been kind to the Abaddon family.

Castle Belphegor managed to make it through the war. As a result, there were more surviving Belphegors than Abaddons. I didn't know any of them, and today wasn't about meeting them. Roygun had locked us in a private wing of the castle. Upbeat rock music played while our peerages mingled, laughing and exchanging good-natured verbal jabs now that we weren't trying to kill one-another.

I didn't want to participate in any of the post match media circus, so Roygun brought us all back to her home straightaway, breaking her established habit of giving interviews after her matches. She said it wasn't a big deal and would rather spend the time with us.

I was surprised when, just before teleporting us all here, Roygun stopped by one of the VIP booths to grab another guest. I hadn't known the guest in question would be in attendance at our Rating Game, but it made sense in hindsight.

Mine and Roygun's peerage milled about the area, some quietly chatting, others drunkenly slurring boisterous taunts. They all seemed to be having a good time.

Myself, Roygun and our third claimed a small table out of the way while they had their fun.

"Cheers," Roygun said, lifting a wine glass overhead with a warm smile on her face. "To the Underworld's new second ranking Rating Game peerage!"

Diehauser, the guest Roygun had brought along, lifted his own glass, offering me a small smile. "To your peerage, Balthazar."

I raised my glass and took a drink. "Thank you, but I'm not second ranked. You still hold your title, Roygun."

I'd done a little more homework on how the Rating Game ratings were calculated. I still didn't know the finer details, but I did know that I couldn't make the top five until I had competed in more matches. Still, I'd jumped up to eighteenth place, something never before seen by someone after just two Rating Games, so that was something.

Roygun waved my argument aside. "Whether you hold the rank officially or not, the three of us are well aware where things stand. Hell as a whole knows where things stand. I'm genuinely surprised we were able to eliminate even one of your pieces."

"Most of my peerage was unknown." I said cordially. "You couldn't plan for them and had to hold back. That gave Achilles and Coal the perfect field to face you."

"True, but the end result remains the same. You won today." Roygun's lips pulled up in an excited grin. "But next time, expect a more interesting fight. We'll be developing strategies to face you, Balthazar."

I lifted my glass, a smile on my face. "Looking forward to it."

Roygun took another sip of her drink, fixing a look at Diehauser. "When are you planning to join in, great emperor?"

Diehauser sighed, setting his glass on the table. "Please stop calling me that."

Roygun smirked. "Can't. It's too fun."

Shaking his head, Diehauser said, "You know I'm open to a Rating Game almost anytime. I'd ask that we wait until after Sairaorg Vapula's wedding, but that is the only pressing engagement in my future."

I raised an eyebrow at him. "You're going to Sairaorg's wedding. Wait, they scheduled it already?"

Diehauser nodded. "My parents have been in close contact with Lord and Lady Vapula since Sairaorg was made their heir. It will reflect well on our growing relationship that I attend."

So the Beliels were trying to ally with the up-and-coming Vapulas, huh? That wasn't nearly as interesting to me as another tidbit.

'Did we get an invite to Sairaorg and Kuisha's wedding yet?' I asked in my mind, reaching out to the mental connection I shared with my Queen.

'We did. It arrived just before the Rating Game. They're getting married next month.' Medea said back, meeting eyes with me from across the room where she was quietly speaking to Severance, Thelisei and Irene.

'Cool. Thanks.' I sent back before refocusing on the people I was seated with. Apparently Sairaorg hadn't snubbed me. I didn't expect he had, but I would've had words with the man if he thought he wasn't going to invite me to my little sister's wedding.

"I guess I'll see you at the wedding, then." I said.

Diehauser nodded. "I'm looking forward to it."

"Weddings are great and all, but when will you two compete?" Roygun asked, looking between us. "I'm almost looking forward to this match more than the one I just participated in."

I raised an eyebrow at her. "You're awfully invested in this."

Roygun nodded. "I am. This is the start of what I spent so long trying to create with Bedeze. The top three Rating game champions all on pleasant terms with one-another working together to make themselves and the Underworld stronger. Not to mention how fun it will be."

"It does sound appealing." Diehauser said, smiling softly. "I've been looking for good-natured rivalries for some time. I find they are good for everyone involved. Roygun and I have pushed each-other to improve, but Bedeze always took his losses too poorly to join us."

"Think of the following we'd generate." Roygun said wistfully. "The top three! Grievously wounding each-other one second; sharing tea the next! The devilnet will eat it up."

I shrugged. "I've never been all that concerned with my public image, but I can't deny it would probably generate some good PR."

Roygun looked sidelong at me as she slowly took a sip of wine. "If I were you, Balthazar, I would start worrying about my public image. I've heard whispers that you're looking to build a settlement in your lands. It's hard to attract citizens if everyone is afraid of you."

I frowned. "Where did you hear that?" I was planning on starting that settlement plan soon, but I hadn't told many people about it. How were people already gossiping about it?

Roygun smiled softly at me. "I heard it during a party Lady Agares held. Devils talk, Balthazar. All the more reason to be the one spreading the information, lest others put words in your mouth that were never there."

I was still frowning, staring at the table. She made a good point. I wanted nothing to do with public relations campaigns, but I couldn't kid myself. I was living in Hell. I'd amassed too much power and influence to stay silent forever. Thanks to Medea running interference and Latia handling most aspects of my business, I hadn't needed to show my face too much. If I kept competing in Rating Games, that would probably have to change. The last thing I wanted was someone creating a false rumor about me that everyone else took as fact because I never came out in public and told people what was actually going on.

Diehauser laid a comforting hand on my shoulder. "Speaking to the public has never been my favorite facet of this profession either, but it is necessary. If you'd like, I can give you the contact information of the company I use to handle things. I still have to make appearances on occasion, but they handle all the scheduling and the more mundane tasks."

"That would actually be really helpful. Thanks." I said.

"Anytime." He lifted his glass. "To the beginning of a fruitful friendship."

Roygun and I lifted our glasses and we all drank.

Three Kings of some of the strongest peerages in the Underworld sitting around a table sharing a drink and enjoying each other's company. It felt a little surreal, but I was enjoying every moment of it.

Naturally, that was when my phone rang and ruined the moment.

Scowling, I looked at the phone to check the caller ID, intending to send it to voicemail. Only after reading the name of the caller did I realize very few people had my phone number.

"I'm really sorry," I said, standing. "I have to take this. It's Lady Leviathan."

Roygun raised an eyebrow at me. Diehauser looked surprised.

"Please," Roygun said, "Don't apologize for dealing with matters best dealt with immediately."

Nodding in thanks, I walked a short distance away and answered the call. "Hello?"

"Are you busy right now?" Serafall asked.

"Uh…I'm at Castle Belphegor with my peerage. Roygun invited us over after the Rating game."

Serafall made a considering sound on the other side of the call. "Is she there?"

"I can let you talk to her."

"Just put it on speaker."

I put the phone on speaker and walked back to the table. "You're on speaker. Roygun and Diehauser are here."

"To what do we owe the pleasure, Lady Leviathan?" Roygun said warmly.

"Would you be offended if I stole Balthazar for a bit?" Serafall said. "There's a matter I need his help with that really shouldn't wait."

"By all means." Roygun said. "We can continue this another time."

Roygun raised a hand. A scattering of pink energy fell around me. Smiling, she said, "There. You are now keyed to the wards. Visit whenever you like."

Blinking in surprise, I said, "Thank you. I'll take you up on that sometime. Is it alright for my peerage to stay here or…?"

"They can stay as long as they like. They seem to be enjoying themselves, and my peerage appears to be enjoying their company." Roygun said, looking over our two peerages happily mingling.

I caught Medea's inquisitive eye as I looked over my peerage.

'I'll let you know if there's any trouble.' I said through our mental bond. 'Can you look after everyone for me?'

'Of course. Let me know if you need help with Serafall.'

'Thanks. I don't know what I'd do without you.'

Across the room, Medea's lip curled up into the slightest grin.

'I'm sure you'd manage, but it is my pleasure to make sure you don't have to.'

"Thanks, Roygun." Serafall said through the phone. "Bal, come to my office." The line went dead as she hung up.

"Thanks for hosting me, Roygun." I said, pocketing my phone. "I'm sorry to cut this short but…"

"Pay it no mind." Roygun said, seemingly unoffended. "I'm glad we could have this little sit down. I look forward to more."

I held out my hand towards Diehauser. "It was good to see you again."

He stood and shook my hand. "It was good to see you as well. I'll pass along the contact information of that company I mentioned to your Queen. Once your business is concluded, I'll reach out to see about scheduling a Rating Game."

"Sounds good. Enjoy the rest of the party." I said, stepping back into a Hole. Roygun had keyed me to her castle's wards. I didn't even need Aqua's cheating hax to leave.

I walked into the lobby of Serafall's office building and was surprised to see dozens of people scrambling around. Typically, there was only the one secretary here behind the desk.

Said secretary caught my eyes as I approached the elevator set into the back wall. "Try to get her to take a short break if you can. We'll deal with the worst of the fallout until she's had some time to collect herself."

'Fallout'? That couldn't be good. I picked up the pace, lightly jogging over to the elevator.

As I stepped into Serafall's office, I was surprised to see there was someone else in the room with her.

He was tall. Wavy mint-colored hair was swept back atop his head. He wore a sea-green trench coat and a dark shirt beneath. Calculating eyes watched me as I approached.

Stopping, I bowed respectfully to the man. "Lord Beelzebub, it's an honor to–"

"Cut the niceties, Bal." Serafall said seriously. "We don't have the time for it."

"What happened?" I asked. Between the commotion downstairs and whatever this was, something was clearly wrong.

"Helios has reappeared." Ajuka Beelzebub, the Satan in charge of Hell's Technology Department, said plainly. "During your Rating Game, the Titan completely destroyed a number of facilities in the United States, killing the devils that worked in those facilities. The company that owned the buildings belonged to Zekram Bael. The devils slain all worked for him in some capacity."

Involuntarily, I sucked in a breath.

This was bad. Things were already precarious after Zekram blew up Thrinacia, but things looked like they might be calming down. If Helios just killed a bunch of devils…

"What do you need from me?" I asked.

The situation was bad. There was no denying that. Still, I couldn't see why Serafall had called me in. I wasn't a negotiator. I didn't know where Helios was. What did she need from me?

"Athena has been calling me nonstop for the last hour trying to set up a meeting." Serafall said. "She maintains that Helios is working alone and is doing what she can to keep us from responding. I've been putting off responding because I need to know what assets I have before I go to the negotiating table."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Serafall tells me you've bound mortals to yourself into something called a warlock." Ajuka said, watching me closely.

Slowly, I nodded. "I have."

"We have been unable to replicate the contract that created these warlocks." Ajuka said, expression unreadable.

"I need to know if others can replicate what you did before I talk to Athena." Serafall said. "Knowing we have that ace up our sleeve will change how I handle things."

I was silent for a moment, thinking about how I wanted to say this. In the end, I just spit it out. "I haven't told you about Virexa yet, have I?"

Serafall's eyebrows narrowed. "You made another warlock?"

"No. Not a warlock. A potential complication. I told you Faerun is what facilitates the contracts. That's technically true, but I just didn't want to get into the finer details of things while my warlocks were present and you wanted an explanation. The full mechanics of how it works rely on that world's Hells, there's nine of them, making and binding the contract. Without the Nine Hells's approval, there's no devil warlocks. At least, unless we figure out some way to replicate it on our own."

"And Virexa is an agent of these Hells that approached you?" Ajuka said, frowning slightly.

"Yes to the agent bit, no to the approached me part. We happened across each other by accident. She knows about me now and likely sent up a warning of some sort to her superiors, but there shouldn't be any burned bridges yet. I handled my meeting very delicately with her to avoid stepping on any toes and pissing them off. The point I'm trying to make is that Baator, the Nine Hells that is, are aware of what I've been doing now and might step in to make it more difficult or outright stop it."

Serafall was frowning too. "Can we negotiate with them?"

"Most likely yes." I said. "Baator thrives off of contracts. We have things they don't have access to which gives us a lot of bargaining power. Keep in mind though a lot of the higher powers there have been around since that cosmos was created and will do everything they can to wriggle every last advantage out of any contract they sign."

The corner of Serafall's lip pulled up. "I'm sure they're tricky, but I've had regular dealings with Nimue and Titania for centuries now. I'm aware of how to tread carefully."

Serafall sighed, falling into her office chair. "Well, there goes my quick and easy solution."

"We still need to know if it is viable." Ajuka said, standing at her side.

Serafall nodded tiredly. "Yeah. Who knows? Maybe working with these guys will give us a major advantage even Bal hasn't been able to find yet."

Serafall took a deep breath. "Okay." She stood up, looking at me seriously. "You need to take us to Faerun."

I looked between Serafall and the Beelzebub. "Both of you?"

Serafall nodded. "Yes. I'm going to try to create a warlock. Ajuka's going to take notes and observe the whole process. Maybe if he's present while it happens, he'll be able to replicate the effects here. I might have missed something important that he'll be able to pick up on. We put him in charge of research and development for a reason. If he can't find a way to replicate it, he'll probably head back with you at some point to try to make his own there."

"A private trip would give me the chance to discuss some other points of interest with you as well." Ajuka said cryptically.

I watched Beelzebub carefully, but the man didn't give anything away. I assumed he didn't mean me harm, but I wasn't a big fan of how indirectly he was speaking. He could have any number of intentions I wasn't aware of.

"I don't have a problem with taking you to Faerun, but you're aware a warlock is going to be directly anchored to your demonic power, right? Be careful who you pick. Don't just grab the first guy you see on the street." I warned.

Serafall smiled tiredly. "I know, Bal. I've already given some thought to the type of individual I might want, but we don't have a lot of time here. I need to test this now."

"At least let me ask my warlocks if they know of anyone that would make a good warlock for you." I offered.

"Be my guest." Serafall said, waving encouragingly. "I don't want this to go wrong any more than you do."

Nodding, I opened a Hole and said, "Come with me."

As I stepped through the Hole, I felt for my connection to my warlocks, faint though it was, and followed it.

I emerged from the Hole in a small clearing. Iron carts on rails rolled around the area, gathering near a cut in the rock supported by sturdy wooden beams, the entrance to a mine dug into a tall mountain. Behind me, there was a dense forest packed with trees.

"My lord!" Vellia jumped, shocked as I appeared right behind her, two Satans following close behind. Ajuka was taking in every detail of this new environment he found himself in. I noticed him casting several minor spells to scan the surroundings.

Vellia hurriedly knelt before me, surprising the human man she'd been talking to. He was carrying a pickaxe and was covered in dark dust.

"I apologize for appearing unannounced, Vellia, but I need your help. Where is Cyvis?" I said.

"Cyvis is at her estate managing the books, my lord." Vellia said, refusing to look up at me.

"Thank you. Sorry for appearing like this. Keep up the good work." I opened another Hole, transporting us back to Cyvis's house.

A shocked shriek greeted me as I stepped into Cyvis's office. The elf hastily closed the book in front of her and stood, knocking over the chair she'd been sitting in as she hurried to wipe dust off of her green dress, falling into a curtsy.

"My lord," Cyvis said, eyes on the floor as Ajuka and Serafall emerged from the Hole behind me. "It is an honor to host you once more."

"Sorry for barging in like this." I said. "We have something time sensitive and I'd like your help. You can relax by the way."

Cyvis stood, but kept her gaze on the floor. "I am at your service, my lord. How can I be of assistance?"

"I'm making a warlock." Serafall said, stepping in front of me.

Cyvis inhaled sharply, her eyes flicking up to look at Serafall before quickly averting back to the ground. "Congratulations, my lady. Any assistance I can provide is yours."

"I mainly brought us here to see if you might have any ideas for individuals that would work well with her." I explained.

"Tiefling. Female. Preferably able to use magic. Cute. Not a bitch." Serafall said, counting each point off on her fingers as she listed them off. "You wouldn't happen to know anyone like that, would you?"

"Why go for a tiefling?" I asked, looking at Serafall over my shoulder. When she'd told me she needed to test if she could make a warlock right now, I'd assumed this was a thrown together plan. She had a rather extensive list of criteria for that to be the case. Maybe she'd been thinking about this since she watched me contract Cyvis.

Serafall shrugged. "A couple reasons. The infernal ancestry from this world might make them more adaptable to our own form of demonic power. I'd also be able to show them off as an infernal offshoot. Mostly though, I had an idea for a character in my show that a tiefling would be perfect for." Serafall's eyes were gleaming, staring off into the distance at nothing in particular.

"Seriously?" I asked through half-lidded eyes.

"She is very serious." Ajuka said, standing in front of one of Cyvis's bookshelves, pulling a rolled up scroll off a shelf and scanning it with his eyes. "She's been very eager to pick up with her filming. She's now behind by almost a month following Helios's first attack against you. Filming was scheduled to resume next week. With recent events, she's had to reschedule again."

Frowning slightly, I returned my attention to a frustrated, pouting Serafall. "Sorry you're having to deal with all this."

Serafall shook her head. "It's not your fault. You're the source of many of my headaches, Bal, but not this one. So! Cyvis! Do you know any cute tiefling girls?"

Cyvis swallowed nervously, averting her gaze. "I cannot think of anyone off the top of my head, my lady. If you'd permit me some time to search, I'm certain I could find someone to your liking."

"We're on a tight schedule." Ajuka said, returning the scroll to the shelf he'd taken it from. "Are there other individuals you can think of? Serafall could always return for a tiefling. Failing that, I would be willing to contract someone if Serafall is unable to locate an individual that is to her liking."

"There are many individuals I could recommend. Vellia and I have been slowly recruiting gifted individuals to help us accomplish the task set before us by our lord." Cyvis said, looking curiously at Ajuka, speaking hesitantly as if she was trying to figure out how to address him. "Perhaps if I knew what you were looking for?"

"Sorry," I cut in. "I forgot to introduce you. Cyvis, this is Lord Ajuka Beelzebub, Satan of Technological Development. He's another of the 4 rulers of the Hell I come from."

Cyvis's naturally pale skin turned a shade pale as the dead. She hastily fell back into her curtsy. "Please forgive the disrespect I have shown you, my lord."

"You have not disrespected me. I would appreciate your recommendations on individuals that would accept taking orders from me." Ajuka said easily, face impassive.

"At once, my lord. I have a ledger of–"

"Do you feel that?" Serafall said, eyes narrowed as she turned to look towards the door.

Ajuka was already staring in the same direction, a small frown on his face.

"What is it?" I asked, slowly walking through the room to put myself in front of Cyvis. She was much more squishy than I was. If we were about to be attacked, I'd much rather her not end up dead from being in Serafall and Ajuka's proximity. I didn't sense whatever was pinging the Satan's senses, but I was intelligent enough to realize that they wouldn't be spooked for no reason.

"There is–" Ajuka began to explain, cutting himself off to whip around and glare at the door to the room.

Three knocks echoed into the room.

Cyvis looked at me uncertainly. I shared a quick look with Serafall, then nodded to Cyvis.

"E-enter." Cyvis called, nervous.

The door slowly swung inward. A dark-haired woman with a slim frame stepped into the room. She wore simple leather armor and a sword at her hip.

Cyvis let out a relieved sigh when she saw the woman. "Alaine, you scared me. Why didn't you…" Cyvis's eyes narrowed as the woman knelt on the ground, completely ignoring her.

Alaine's gaze was fixed on the ground as she knelt before Ajuka, completely disregarding everyone else. "My lord, it is an honor to be in your presence."

Ajuka regarded the woman with an impassive curiosity. Almost disinterested, he waved a hand. The illusion cloaking the woman scattered. Her dark hair lengthened. The leather armor she wore morphed into dark metal. Flaming eyes glowed beneath a head of horns.

"Virexa," I said, regarding the devil cautiously. When last I saw the erinyes, she didn't seem hostile to me. We parted on good terms, but there was no telling if things had soured since I'd last seen her.

"It is an honor to see you again, Viscount Abaddon. I humbly request an introduction to your lord." Virexa said, unmoving from her position on the ground.

"Viscount Abaddon is not my subordinate." Ajuka said simply, watching the devil before him with slightly narrowed eyes. "I am capable of speaking for myself. I am Satan Ajuka Beelzebub."

"You honor me, my lord." Virexa said, bowing her head even lower. "I humbly thank you for entertaining my selfish request."

"If I may, lord Beelzebub?" I asked, stepping up to his side.

"Call me, Ajuka, Balthazar. It's tedious otherwise." He said, stepping out of the way.

I noticed Virexa tense for a brief moment. Whether it was from Ajuka giving up my first name or from the casual manner he spoke to me I couldn't tell. I filed it away for later all the same.

"Not that it is unpleasant to see you again, Virexa," I began carefully, "But why are you in my warlock's home? Why did she know you by another name?"

"The Lord of Dis ordered me to observe your warlocks and to look after them while I awaited your return. My instructions were to approach you when you next appeared and offer his greetings." Virexa said, looking up at me, though still kneeling.

"Are there others?" Cyvis asked from behind me. There was an angry fire in her eyes peeking past the initial fear of an erinyes having apparently been in close proximity to her for some time.

"I was the only agent sent." Virexa said. "Lord Dispatar did not wish to insult Viscount Abaddon by sending too many of his underlings to interfere with his business."

"Bal, could I have a minute?" Serafall said, giving me a pointed look.

"I will entertain our guest in the meantime." Ajuka said.

When Virexa noticed his attention on her, she immediately averted her gaze. "I would be honored, my lord."

Serafall walked up to me. "Hole." she said simply.

A Hole opened around us, pulling us into a pocket dimension.

"Give me a quick rundown of what's going on and how bad it is." Serafall said, a serious look on her face.

"I don't know everything, but Dispatar is the lord of the second layer of Hell. I told you there's Nine, he's in charge of one of them. Dispatar is one of the more dangerous rulers because he's Asmodeus's right hand. Asmodeus is basically their Lucifer and we want to avoid him if at all possible. Having Dispatar's attention isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it could very easily turn into a bad thing if we handle it poorly."

"How much authority does Virexa have? Will she stop me from making a warlock?"

"Devils in this world all hold different status and power mainly based on what kind of devil they are. She's an erinyes, basically fallen angels with an obsession for laws. Erinyes are pretty high up on the devil totem pole, and I think she's a little higher than your average erinyes. I don't know if she'll try to get in your way though. If she wanted to cause problems, I imagine she could have just killed Vellia and Cyvis. The fact both of them are still breathing and didn't even seem to know she was here speaks well to her intentions, or at least to Dispatar's desire to not immediately rush into any drastic decisions."

I was more than a little anxious about the fact that an erinyes had been so close to my warlocks without them knowing. Cyvis and Vellia both grew in power following Maltherion's defeat, but I wasn't foolish enough to think they could take an erinyes that had the drop on them. I'd need to work out some way to make sure they were protected while I wasn't here.

I reached towards the connection I shared with my Queen. It felt more faint here in a different world, but I could still call upon it if I summoned enough power.

'Medea, please talk to Shang Tsung about making some golems for Cyvis and Vellia. Virexa was hiding right under their noses and I want them to have more protection.'

'Are they safe?' Medea's voice answered after a moment. She felt far away, but I could still clearly understand her.

'Yes. I'd just like to plan for the future.'

'I will speak to Shang Tsung.'

'Thank you.'

"I need some scale here, Bal." Serafall said, lips pursed. "Asmodeus and Dispatar sound like a big deal around here, but I haven't been overly impressed with most things I've seen here. How dangerous are they in terms of our world?"

I fixed Serafall with a serious look. "I haven't met either of them personally, but from what I know, I wouldn't send any devil against Asmodeus except for Sirzechs Lucifer, and even then I wouldn't want Sirzechs to fight Asmodeus on his terms. Dispatar is probably more comparable to Loki or Hecate if a little weaker. He's a schemer and master mage that likes hoarding and collecting knowledge."

Serafall pursed her lips. "So they could be terrible enemies or very valuable allies."

"That depends on if we have something they are willing to ally with us for. You're the Satan of Foreign Affairs. This is your department. All I can really do is advise."

"What would your advice be then?"

I paused, thinking for a moment. "Baator isn't the only power in this world. The Hells have enemies. Demons and devils have been at war here for ages. That's not even talking about the heavens and how they are actively working to dismantle Baator from afar."

"So they have plenty of enemies already to occupy their time." Serafall said. "They probably won't be looking to make any others. If we can give them something minor that they want, they might be able to work with us on the warlock thing. Perhaps more."

I shrugged. "Like I said. That's your department. I'll follow your lead here."

Serafall thought for a moment. "We still need to know if warlocks can act as a force multiplier for us or not. Whether I can make one, whether that warlock will have a piece of my power and whether or not…Baator?" she said, unsure. At my nod, she continued. "And whether or not Baator will even let us keep doing this. We need to get ahead of this before it has a chance to spiral out of control. Can you take us back?"

I nodded. The space around us unraveled. We were back in Cyvis's office. Cyvis was standing in the corner, doing her best to appear as small as possible. Ajuka looked up as we appeared, pausing whatever question he had been in the process of asking.

"I would like to continue this later, Virexa." Ajuka said.

"You need only ask and I will comply, great Satan." Virexa said, a hint of true awe in her voice.

"Virexa, was it?" Serafall asked as she stepped up next to Ajuka. Ajuka stepped aside to give her more room.

"Yes, my lady." Virexa said, head bowed.

"You've already been introduced to my colleague. I am Satan Serafall Leviathan. I am in charge of the foreign affairs of my people. There are many things I would like to discuss with you and your lord, but we came here for a purpose. Perhaps you would be willing to assist us?"

"That depends on your purpose, my lady. I will do what I can to aid you, but I will not work counter to my lord's benefit or in any way that may harm Baator."

"I assure you, we have no intention of creating problems for you. On the contrary, we hope to create a lasting, mutually beneficial relationship. In order to see if such a relationship is possible, I have come to this world in search of a potential warlock."

Though she was looking at the ground, I could still see a hint of confusion on Virexa's face. "A mortal warlock, my lady?"

"Will this create problems between ourselves and your lord?"

Virexa shook her head. "So long as your actions and those of the warlock do not impede my lord's interests, there will be no problem. Is there a particular mortal you are interested in?"

"We have several potential candidates, but none that meet my criteria."

"What criteria is that, my lady?"

"I would like a female tiefling capable of using magic."

For the first time since entering the room, Virexa looked up, a grin on her face. "I believe I might be able to help you, my lady. A mortal city has recently fallen into Avernus. There is a section of the city dominated by a tiefling population. As I travelled here on my task, I witnessed many of the tieflings using magic. I would search there for your servant, my lady."

My eyebrows furrowed as I heard Virexa speak.

A mortal city in Avernus? Did Elturel already fall? I wasn't really paying attention to major events in the world because they didn't really affect me.

If Elturel is already in Hell, I might need to be proactive and go look for a chained up elder brain to kill it before it becomes a problem. The last thing I need is for Faerun to be dominated by a sea of mind flayers because the BG3 protagonists failed. It shouldn't be too hard to deal with the elder brain. A magic nuke could kill it, so a dozen tailed beast bombs should be able to handle it without issue.

But I could afford to wait a little while. I needed to sort out this situation with Helios first. At the end of the day, Faerun wasn't really my priority. I'd like to get ahead of any potential problems I might face in the world, but if all else failed, I could just grab my warlocks and bring them home. There were other worlds I could open mines in. The only people I really cared about in Faerun were Vellia and Cyvis. Everyone else could fend for themselves. They weren't my responsibility.

"Avernus?" Serafall asked, confused.

"The first layer of Hell." I said quickly, noting Virexa's excited expression give way to confusion. I'd need to fill Serafall in on everything I could about the Nine Hells when we were done here. If she was really going to try to negotiate with Dispatar, she'd need to at least know the names of each layer of the Nine Hells.

Serafall frowned. "Will we be trespassing if we enter Baator without permission? I will not jeopardize our burgeoning relationship just to find a warlock."

"If you will allow me, my lady, I can quickly submit a report to my lord. I will include your intentions to go to Avernus and inform him I approved your passage on his behalf. So long as you do not harm any devils or negatively interfere with our operations while you are there, you will have my lord's protection and permission."

"Very well." Serafall said. "Send your report. We will wait."

A flaming parchment appeared in Virexa's hand. She laid the document on the ground and frantically scribbled hellish markings into the paper with a dark metal pen. She dramatically signed the bottom of the page and it vanished in a burst of orange flame. A moment later, a similar paper appeared in her hand.

Smiling, Virexa held it up, averting her eyes. "A writ of passage signed by my lord, my lady."

Serafall took the paper and looked it over, her eyes glowing with blue magic. With a nod, Serafall secreted the paper away in a pocket on the inside of her suit. "Thank you, Virexa. Matters back home require my immediate attention, but I will schedule a time to meet with your lord as soon as I am able."

"My lord will eagerly await your word." Virexa stood. She grasped a pendant hung around her neck and her form shimmered as the pendant's enchantment took effect. The dark wings and flaming eyes faded until she once more appeared as a mortal woman in leather armor. She met Cyvis's eyes and gave my warlock a mocking salute. "I'm heading back out, boss!" she said in a deeper voice. "Call if you need me." With one final bow to Ajuka, Virexa – or was she Alaine now? – left the room.

"Should I fire her?" Cyvis asked after she was gone.

"No." Serafall said immediately. "Don't do anything to anger them. This is a great opportunity for us and for them. Don't jeopardize it."

"Don't worry, Cyvis." I said reassuringly. "I'm already taking steps to make sure you and Vellia are safe in case she tries anything."

Reaching back out for the faint connection I shared with my Queen, I said, 'Can you send Aqua and someone else here to watch over the warlocks until Shang Tsung gets those golems ready?'

'I have already taken the liberty.' Medea said back. 'Aqua, Shang Tsung and Mothra should currently be with Vellia.'

'You're amazing. Thank you.'

I opened a Hole in the corner of the room. "If anything happens, go through that. It will take you to Vellia. Several members of my peerage are with her. They will keep you safe and be able to let me know if there is trouble."

Cyvis bowed her head. "Your protection is greatly appreciated, my lord."

Turning to Serafall, I said, "What about us? What are we doing now?"

Smiling, Serafall held up the flaming piece of paper in her hand. "Virexa went to the trouble of getting us a passport. It would be rude not to use it. Besides, I want my cute demon girl warlock, dammit!"

Smiling at her antics, I said, "Then I guess we're going to hell."

Serafall narrowed her eyes at me. "Boo. Bad joke. I've only heard it a thousand times."


X


Avernus was much like I expected it to be. Fire, brimstone, death – it did a good job of living up to the classical interpretation of what Hell should be. DXD's Hell was practically a paradise depending on where you ended up. Avernus looked like it would be miserable no matter where you lived.

It took a little scrying to figure out exactly where Avernus was in relation to the material plane, but once I found it it was just a matter of opening a Hole and now here we were. Further scrying showed us where Elturel was, but rather than opening a Hole and going there directly Serafall and Ajuka wanted to fly there.

Both Satans took in every detail of the Hell around them. Tall sharpened peaks of dark metal-like stone. Deep pits filled with tormented souls burning in hellfire. Twisted structures rising into fortifications every few miles. An endless expanse of blood-like rock that stretched in all directions.

Multiple times, devils of various shapes took flight and rose to intercept us. Whenever they came within a certain distance, they would immediately halt their approach, moving aside and bowing to us as we passed. Whatever Virexa was able to sense on me and later on Ajuka and Serafall, it was evident other devils could sense the same thing.

"It certainly takes you back, doesn't it?" Serafall said quietly as we flew.

"It does. I am pleased we have moved past this" Ajuka agreed, lips pulled into a solemn line.

"Our Hell used to look like this?" I asked carefully.

Serafall smiled sadly. "Not exactly, but it's close. There was more variety in color back home. Imagine hundreds of devils lying dead and you'll have a good picture of what the Civil War was like. It wasn't pretty."

"Doesn't sound like it. Can't say I'm unhappy I missed it." I said.

"You might very well live through something similar." Ajuka said plainly.

Frowning, I asked, "What do you mean?"

Watching me closely, Ajuka said, "You are young, yet you have already had a profound impact on our world. War with Olympus is not an impossibility now. In the chaos following that conflict, I expect certain other factions will make their move. The branch of devils still loyal to the Old Satans have been watching you. Mine and Serafall's agents have kept them at bay, but I imagine they will attempt to recruit or eliminate you soon."

"How likely is war with Olympus?" I asked.

"I'm working on it." Serafall said, eyes narrowed at Ajuka. With a sigh, she said, "But there's a reason I want to see if this warlock thing is repeatable. We need every advantage we can get right now."

"Is there anything I can do?" I asked.

"You're probably going to be playing taxi for me for a while." Serafall said seriously. "If this warlock thing works out, I'm going to need to meet with this Dispatar guy and try to work out a long term arrangement with him."

We flew in silence for a bit while I pondered our conversation.

I was confident my peerage could defend itself from most minor threats. If full war broke out with Olympus, we might very well have to fight gods. That was a daunting prospect, but Medea and I had been preparing for some time now. I was confident we'd be able to think of something. If not, I could always pick up everything and flee to some other world until the fighting died down. Considering nothing like this happened in canon DXD, it was likely mostly my fault relations were as bad as they were. I would like to help Hell fight off the Greeks, but I wouldn't risk my peerage's safety if I thought it was a losing battle.

"We've been flying for a while." Serafall said, pulling me from my thoughts.

"Have you not noticed?" Ajuka asked. "Distance is more of a suggestion than a concrete fact here. Space is expanding and shrinking as we move through it. We've passed the same fortress three times. Avernus has repositioned it to be in front of us each time. We have also been flying for longer than it seemed. Time is similarly flexible in this place."

"I hate spacial fuckery." Serafall sighed. "Bal? I've decided I don't want to fly anymore. Just bring us to the city please."

I opened a Hole, then frowned as I closed it. Closing my eyes, I scanned the location Elturel was in when we first entered Avernus. It was gone. Ajuka was right. Things were moving without showing any sign that they were moving. No wonder people went insane in Avernus.

Reaching out with scrying magic, it took me a little over a minute to find Elturel again. Opening another Hole, I led the Satans through the sky above Elturel.

Once pristine white walls surrounding the city were cracked and covered in demonic rot. Buildings held a red demonic stain. The city sat straddling a wide river flowing with dark, murky water. Few people roamed the streets. Most residents hid behind shuttered windows. No one wandered alone.

Bone-white, spindly creatures and living masses of iron chains wandered the street lazily, testing doors and frightening what few people were on the street away.

I wasn't sure how long Elturel had been in Avernus. Devils were openly walking on the street. That either meant the city had just arrived and hadn't managed to organize itself yet or it had been here so long people had given up trying to keep their city free of devils. Either way, it wasn't my problem. I came here for a specific purpose.

Ajuka and I followed Serafall as she descended to the ground. A nude, masculine devil with sandy skin turned as we descended. Lips pulled back to reveal snarling sharpened teeth. A clawed hand tightly gripped a long spear. The devil started as we came closer, hastily falling to a knee, his wings laid flat on the ground at his sides. Curled horns scraped the ground as he hastily averted his eyes.

"How may I serve you, my lady?" the devil said in a gravelly voice.

Serafall's wings disappeared. She walked forward and assessed the devil knelt before her. "I was told there is a section of this city inhabited by tieflings."

"There is, my lady." the devil said. "It would be my honor to lead you there." The devil rose, keeping his gaze fixed on the ground. He turned and led the way down a cobbled road.

As we walked through the city, humans and a smattering of other races – elves, dwarves, halflings – turned and fled when they saw us. What few devils we passed immediately vacated our path and bowed as we passed.

The immediate subservience of the devils, creatures known for twisted dealings and cruelty, made me a touch uncomfortable. Seeing such horrifying creatures submit to me without a moment's hesitation was strange. I'd tell myself it was Ajuka that terrified them, which was likely part of it, but Virexa, a powerful erinyes, had immediately knelt before me the moment she met me when I was on my own. The devils were able to recognize something in me that made them step carefully around me. That was good for dealing with devils, but they likely weren't the only ones who would be able to sense whatever it was that clued them in to who and what I was. I'd need to work with Medea to create some kind of illusion to cover myself once I was done here. I'd like to be able to move around Faerun in anonymity if at all possible.

"This is the section of the city inhabited by the tieflings, my lady." our devil guide said, turning and bowing his head to Serafall. "Is there any other way I can assist you?"

"No. Thank you for your help." Serafall said.

"It was my honor, my lady. With your leave…" The devil slowly backed away, quickly turning a corner and disappearing from view.

Looking around, the street was nearly identical to the rest of the city. Tainted walls and cracked roofs surrounded us. Maybe this part of the city once looked different when Elturel was still in the material place, but in Avernus, it was hard to tell anything apart.

"Where do you want to start? It might be difficult to find a spell caster." I asked. The streets before us were empty. The tieflings were likely hiding inside like so many other residents of the city.

Frowning, Serafall slowly began to walk forward, focused on something I couldn't see. "I can feel… There's someone very interesting here."

An explosion sounded from our right, followed closely by panicked screams and screeching devils. Metal clashed. Someone was fighting.

Ajuka and I looked off towards the commotion. Serafall's attention remains fixed ahead of her.

"Do you think that's a problem?" I asked.

"It is unlikely to be a threat to us." Ajuka said. "I will monitor the situation from here. If it grows to be a problem, I will deal with it."

"Respectfully, I'd worry for the surrounding city if you went over there and got dragged into a fight." I said. "I can check it out quickly and pop right back. If it's something we need to worry about, we'll deal with it. Otherwise, the local devils can worry about it."

"Call me if you need help, Bal." Serafall said, distracted. "I'm going to see if I can figure out what I'm sensing." Serafall started walking down the street, focused on something I couldn't feel.

Ajuka looked at me for a moment before nodding. "I will be standing by in case you require assistance. Be careful. You are the only one capable of transporting us home."

"Don't worry. I have no intention of biting off more than I can chew. I'll see you in a minute." I stepped back through a Hole. My wings caught me as I hovered in mid air, observing the city below me.

There was commotion a fair distance from where I left Ajuka and Serafall. The dark river that ran through the city had become ground zero for a massive melee. A small group of devils was being overwhelmed by a group of lumbering demons that seemingly appeared from nowhere, flooding over the bank of the river like an unholy flood. On the river itself sat an elegant boat. The boat was too small to have transported the demons. Only a single individual sat on the boat, lazily standing and stepping ashore.

The figure was feminine, but she was clearly inhumane. Horns curled up from her head. Dark spines stuck out of her arms and legs and jutted from her spine. A thin tail curled around her to stab a sharpened stinger through a devil charging towards her. Clawed toes clicked against the stone as she stepped off the boat, nude save for a cloth hanging loosely from her waist.

As she surveyed the area around her, the devils began to retreat, disengaging from the demons and retreating between the buildings.

With a flick of her wrist, reality tore apart. Massive, furred hands gripped the distortion in space, ripping it apart. A lumbering demon spilled into the city, followed closely by many others.

I frowned, eyebrows furrowed as I looked at the distortion. This bitch stole my trick.

Pushing my irritation away, I slowly descended towards her. "Could I ask that you refrain from whatever you're doing for another twenty minutes? It's rather distracting."

The woman turned to look up. Amber eyes narrowed as she saw me approaching. Her lips pulled up into a wide grin, showing off sharpened teeth.

"Now you seem fun." she said, ignoring the slobbering demons milling about around her knees. "I was promised there would be interesting toys here, yet all I've seen so far are weak little peons. You'll make a delicious pet."

I blinked, unimpressed. "I'll have to decline your offer. I'm in a committed relationship. Please stop blowing things up if you would be so kind."

The woman threw her head back and laughed, an unnatural screeching sound. "Oh, darling, you don't have a choice." She raised her hand to point at me. Immediately, the demons around her flew into a frenzy. Those with wings took to the sky, flapping furiously towards me. Those locked on the ground lumbered as close as they could, snapping up at me ineffectually.

I was originally planning to leave after asking her to give Serafall some more time to herself. I wasn't feeling so generous anymore. I had no interest in being this creature's pet. The fact she seemed so happy about forcing me into such a position had frankly pissed me off.

Holes opened all around me. In the sky. Near the ground. Around the woman and the tear in reality at her side.

The pained screech of dying demons filled the air as the city was bathed in elemental fire. The fire parted. I drifted to the side to avoid an orb of dark, demonic energy hurled upward from the ground.

The woman burst out of the fire, eyes manic, snarling at me as she hurled more magical orbs up towards me. She was clearly affected by my fire, but she wasn't destroyed immediately like the lesser demons were. Either she was much stronger than they were, or she had special defenses against fire.

My Holes closed, cutting off the torrent of fire. Several others opened as I erected a shield to absorb the woman's attacks.

The woman screamed, falling to the ground in a heap as four magical spears fired out of Holes behind her and drove through her back. I was surprised when she managed to struggle up to a knee, glaring hatefully at me despite the enchanted spears driven through her body. She was stronger than I thought.

She raised a hand to launch another orb at me. Her hand was slammed to the ground, pinned by a magical spear as another Hole opened right next to her.

She screamed, enraged as more spears and daggers impaled her, pinning her to the ground.

I held up a hand, intending to open another Hole over her head and end this.

"My lord!"

My eyes flicked to the side, following the voice. A writhing mass of chains with flaming eyes and dark cloth held in the facsimile of a bipedal frame looked up at me desperately.

"My lord, the arch-duchess wants this one alive. Allow us to secure her!" the devil called up, sounding meek.

I lowered my hand. "Be my guest."

The figure bowed. "Thank you, my lord. Secure her!"

More masses of chain joined the first. Together, they approached the weakened, struggling demon woman. She lashed out as they approached, but there were dozens of them. Chains lashed out from the devils, winding around the demon's arms, legs, chest and neck. The demon thrashed, screeching in rage, but there were too many chains pulling her apart. She was forced to the ground and quickly bound by the devils.

Seeing they had things well in hand, I drifted back through a Hole to rejoin Ajuka and Serafall. The Satans weren't where I left them. I turned in the direction Serafall had been so focused on and began walking. It didn't take long before I caught up to the Satans.

"What happened?" Ajuka asked as I joined him at the threshold of a small home, eyes still aimed into the house.

"Some demons got into the city. The situation is handled now." I said simply, following his gaze.

The house was really more of a shack. Wooden walls with a caved in roof. A single room with half-destroyed shelves and a barrel in the corner.

Serafall was inside, kneeling over a prone form.

It was a tiefling. Her skin was white like snow. I'd never heard of a white tiefling before. Weren't they supposed to all be shades of red?

Clothed in torn rags and covered in blood, she looked to be in rough shape. Many cuts along her arms and legs ended at gatherings of ivory scales growing out of her flesh. The scales looked like they'd protected her from whatever had cut her up. They were likely the only reason the tiefling was still breathing. She was unconscious, completely at the mercy of whoever might come through the door of her ragged shelter.

"She's hurt really bad." Serafall said, running a hand over the woman's forehead, gently parting her pale hair around the blue icy blue horns jutting out of her forehead.

"There are likely others." Ajuka said.

Serafall frowned. "No. I want her. There's something about her that's calling to me. I can't tell what, but…"

"It is possible there is something we do not understand at work here attempting to trap you." Ajuka said softly.

Serafall shook her head. "I don't think so. I can't explain it. I just…"

"Can I look her over?" I asked, stepping up next to Serafall.

Serafall shifted to the side, making space for me to join her.

Carefully, I ran a hand over the ivory scales on her forearm. They felt like Coal's.

"Dragon scales." I said quietly.

"What?" Serafall said, confused.

Pursing my lips, I looked at the tiefling in a new light. "Some people born in this world have traces of their ancestry manifest. Apparently, someone in her family tree got busy with a dragon. A white dragon by the looks of it. That explains the scales, the white skin, and maybe even why you felt something from her. Did it feel like ice?"

Serafall looked at me curiously. "Like winter."

I nodded. "White dragons in this world have powers over ice. She probably inherited a piece of her ancestor's magic." I wasn't expecting to stumble across a draconic sorcerer on this trip, but I guess anything can happen.

"We need to get her home. I have people there who can help her." Serafall said, already moving to lift the girl up.

"We will likely not be able to test your ability to create a warlock if we bring her back to our Hell." Ajuka said from behind us.

I held up a hand to stop Serafall, kneeling down at the tiefling woman's side. A Hole dropped several small vials onto the ground at my side. I pulled the stoppers off and carefully poured the contents over the woman's wounds, tilting her head back to pour the last one down her throat.

"Medea can't make Phenex Tears, but she and Shang Tsung have worked out some tricks of their own." I explained.

The tiefling's eyes shot open. Cold blue eyes met mine. Her arms rose to shove me away. She fell backwards, weakly coughing as she tried to crawl away.

"It's okay." Serafall said, comfortingly, holding up her hands placatingly.

"Please… Don't…" the tiefling said weakly.

"We're not going to hurt you." Serafall said gently, holding a hand down to the tiefling.

The tiefling looked at the hand suspiciously for several seconds before slowly taking it.

Serafall helped her up into a sitting position with her back against the wall, then sat down in front of her.

"What's your name?" Serafall asked.

The tiefling looked between us suspiciously. "Seraphine." she said quietly.

Serafall beamed at her. "My name's Serafall. We're both Sera! Isn't that great?"

"What do you want?" Seraphine asked, a slight tremor in her limbs. I couldn't tell if it was from fear or injury.

Serafall frowned. "What do you want, Seraphine?"

Seraphine let out a sound that was half laugh half sob. "I want to leave. Everyone is dead. The longer we stay here, the more people die. I don't want to be here anymore. I don't want to die."

Serafall frowned, laying a comforting hand atop Seraphine's own. Seraphine flinched. When Serafall didn't hurt her, the tiefling relaxed, looking up at Serafall with confusion.

"Do you want to go home?" Serafall asked.

Seraphine's features twisted in pain and fury. "This is my home. I never want to see it ever again. The devils and demons should have been the worst of it. They weren't the ones who tried to take advantage of me."

Serafall's expression darkened for a brief moment before her soft, encouraging smile returned. It was a rapid change. I caught it because I've gotten to know her pretty well. I doubt the tiefling caught it.

"What if I told you I could take you away from here?" Serafall asked softly.

Seraphine frowned, looking between Serafall, Ajuka and I. "You're not humans, are you?"

Serafall nodded slowly. "I'm a devil, Seraphine."

Seraphine's breathing picked up. She looked deathly afraid, but she didn't make any moves to escape. She was stuck in a broken down shack with three devils. She likely thought it would be stupid to try to run. "What do you want with me?"

"Do you know what a warlock is?" Serafall asked.

Seraphine froze, no longer breathing. After a moment, she said, "One of the men who attacked me was a warlock. The devils have been picking people they think are interesting and making contracts with them since we got here."

"I'm not like those devils." Serafall said, a hint of rage in her voice. "I'll treat you well. I'll take you home with me, a place far away from here where you can start a new life."

"Why… Why did you pick me? There has to be a reason." Seraphine said, looking between us suspiciously.

Slowly, Serafall raised her hand. A ball of ice appeared between her fingers. Fractals fell away from the sphere in shavings. An icy sculpture of a smiling Serafall standing hand-in-hand with a tiefling sat in Serafall's hand. "I felt your power. I think we'd compliment each other well." Serafall said.

Hesitantly, Seraphine reached out and took the sculpture from Serafall, turning it over in her hands, icy eyes intently focused on the small statue. "Will you take my soul?" Seraphine asked with a trembling voice.

"No." Serafall denied instantly. "I'll make you strong and give you a home. Your end of the bargain is to help me out when I need it. I won't treat you like the devils here treat their warlocks."

Seraphine was still looking at the statue. She closed her fist around it protectively and held it to her chest. "I was lucky to get away last time. I'm alone. I'll die if I stay here. Or worse." Looking up at Serafall, Seraphine said, "Will you abuse me?"

"Never." Serafall said, iron in her voice.

Seraphine swallowed. She took a deep breath and nodded. "Okay. As long as you get me out of here and protect me, I'll serve you."

"Ajuka," Serafall said, already pulling a piece of paper out of nowhere.

Ajuka was at her side in an instant. The two spoke in hushed tones as they worked out a simple contract and scribbled it onto the paper.

Serafall held the paper out to the tiefling. "Take as long as you need to read this."

Seraphine took the paper with trembling hands and slowly looked down at the page to read it. After several minutes, she shook her head, looking up at Serafall. "What are you hiding? No devil would be this generous."

"I'm not hiding anything from you, Seraphine. I swear it." Serafall said. "I want a friend, not a slave."

Seraphine looked back down at the paper, reading over it again.

"Fine." she said at last. "I'll deal with the hidden clauses when they come up. I won't be able to last long here with those bastards hunting for me. Give me a quill."

Serafall pursed her lips like she wanted to say something, but she held her silence, wordlessly holding out a pen for the tiefling.

Seraphine snatched the pen from Serafall and hastily scribbled her name onto the paper, like she was trying to get it over with before she could have any second thoughts. She dramatically dropped the pen, visibly bracing herself.

Nothing happened.

Slowly, Seraphine's tense muscles started to relax. "Is that it?"

Ajuka was frowning. "Is this how it worked last time?"

"No," Serafall said, eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "There was a light show and everything."

Wracking my brain, I said, "This happened both with Vellia and Cyvis. After signing the contract, I gave Vellia a sword and Medea gave Cyvis a familiar. Maybe that's what's missing?"

Serafall's eyebrows furrowed. She smiled brightly at Seraphine. Holding up her hand, a beautiful crown of ice with sharp gleaming crests like daggers extending up from it appeared in her hand. Serafall carefully set the crown on Seraphine's head. It nestled perfectly between her horns, tailor made for her.

"There!" Serafall said. "Now you can be a real ice princess!"

Seraphine opened her mouth to reply. Whatever she was going to say was forgotten as a scream tore free from her lips.

Atop Seraphine's head, the icy crown glowed a brilliant blue with vibrant power. Dark demonic lines dripped down from the crown across Seraphine's forehead like ink dripping off a canvas. The demonic markings burned blue, searing into Seraphine's forehead in the shape of an inverted crown, mirroring the one she wore on her head.

The contract in Seraphine's hand lit on fire. Seraphine's scream raised an octave. A flash of white was the only warning I had. I was barely able to summon a barrier in front of myself as a veritable blizzard of ice erupted from Seraphine.

The walls, the roof, the shelves, the floor – everything but Seraphine and the devils around her was frozen solid.

Seraphine was panting, looking around with wide, frantic eyes. She stared down at her hands in awe. "I feel… I feel…"

"Good?" Serafall said, lips pulled up into a grin.

Seraphine swallowed, looking up at Serafall. "Better than good. I feel as strong as a blizzard."

"I'm glad. What do you say to a tour of your new home, Seraphine?" Serafall held a hand down to her warlock. Behind her, Ajuka hastily scribbled notes into a small journal and cast several spells into the air to analyze every facet of what he'd just witnessed.

Seraphine swallowed heavily. Hesitant, she reached out and took Serafall's hand, looking at the Satan in awe. "I'll follow wherever you lead me, my lady."



Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: Mar 8, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Norego, pixel_riki42, TheGodofCheese and 1,316 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Mar 8, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 40
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Mar 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,210
Zekram Bael believed himself to be untouchable. Helios was proving the devil nothing more than an arrogant child pretending to be far more than he was. The weak peons of the supernatural feared Zekram's power. Zekram lorded his Power of Destruction over them to force them to comply with his demands. The moment an adversary appeared capable of surpassing the devil's power, Zekram hid like a coward.

Staring over the wreckage of another building in the mortal world, this time a manufacturing plant Zekram used as a front for spying on the local population that worshiped the Egyptian pantheon, Helios frowned. The Sun had worked his way through the most important of Zekram's holdings in the United States. Once there was nothing left but rubble and the corpses of weak devils pining for Zekram Bael's attention and favor, Helios moved on to Africa. He had made substantial progress, but it wasn't enough.

Was Zekram truly so cowardly? Helios had not sent underlings to work on his behalf. At every building, every farm, every location Zekram owned, the Sun arrived personally to eliminate the workers and dismantle the structures Zekram had paid great sums to erect. Yet, Helios remained unchallenged.

Many of the devils he slew while exacting his vengeance against Zekram had valiantly defended themselves to their last breath, but it was hopeless when they faced the Sun itself. The Sallos heir stuck out in Helios's mind. The Sun knew not why the boy worked in one of Zekram's buildings in New York, but the boy had impressed Helios enough to remember his name. He honored the boy's sacrifice by allowing several of the other devils to escape the just fury of the Sun.

Zekram's servants fought for their lives even when faced with the might of a Titan. Where was Zekram himself? Helios's intent in striking at Zekram's holdings was to lure the old devil out so they might settle their grievance. Zekram did not emerge to shield those beneath him. Zekram did not so much as order his direct underlings to act in his stead. The coward stayed sheltered behind the wards of his castle, dining gluttonously on Helios's prized cattle.

The Sun was not one to slaughter without reason. Clearly, his efforts in the mortal world did not matter to Zekram. He would cease his attacks in the mortal world and strike where Zekram would be forced to intervene.

Zekram stole Helios's beautiful daughters. Zekram struck them in their home, a peaceful paradise now gone. Zekram destroyed their home. Perhaps Helios had been foolish to think Zekram would care about anything beyond his sight.

Helios would strike Zekram where the devil would have no choice but to respond.


X


Zekram Bael's eyes narrowed in displeasure. "Do not think to issue orders to me, Sirzechs."

Sirzechs Lucifer did not flinch as he weathered the furious gaze of his grandfather. "I am Lucifer, Zekram, Satan of Domestic Affairs. If the actions of those residing within Hell risk the safety of Hell, it is my duty to step in."

Zekram angrily set his glass of wine aside, finally standing from his cushioned chair to stand even with Sirzechs. "That lightbulb is costing me far too much for me not to respond. If the destruction of his island was not enough of a message, I will take something he will actually miss."

"You will plunge devilkind into war." Falbium Asmodeus interjected, lips pulled into a hard line. The Satan of Military Affairs had been silent until now, letting Sirzechs take the lead in this meeting with his grandfather. Still, Falbium seemed to be more irritated than Sirzechs.

Zekram found it insulting.

Zekram waved away Falbium's concern. "The Greeks have cut Helios loose. Actions taken against him will not be viewed as–"

"Zekram."

Zekram paused, raising an appraising eyebrow as destructive power drifted off of Sirzechs' shoulders. Lucifer's eyes were glowing with furious power.

"Destroying Thrinacia enraged the Greeks." Sirzechs said, his words reverberating slightly, colored by Sirzechs' terrifying power. "Serafall has produced a miracle keeping them from retaliating in any noticeable way. Fueling the fire you started will pull us into war. Do you understand the implications of what you have set in motion? Will you step onto the field as some of the strongest gods in the supernatural descend to invade the Underworld. If we are able to overcome the Greeks, do you really think our other enemies will stand by and allow us to regain our strength? Heaven will descend upon us. The Grigori will take advantage of the chaos to attempt to eliminate us both. The Shinto will see an opportunity to finally be rid of the Abrahamic factions."

Zekram shook his head, sighing. His grandson was powerful, there was no denying that, but the boy always did have difficulty seeing the bigger picture. "Even if war breaks out with the Greeks, we will overcome them. The faction is split, far more than what is visible on the surface. The Olympians attempted to stoke the fury of the greater pantheon, further subjugating those beneath them. If Olympus is foolish enough to strike at us, they will face us alone. Few minor gods, so few as to be inconsequential, will join them."

Sirzechs had yet to blink. He stared impassively at Zekram. "My point stands, Zekram. Will you leave the protections of your castle to stop Ares from rampaging through Lucifaad? Or will you remain here, growing fat on cattle you stole from a Titan while Athena tears her way through the lower Pillars?"

Zekram's eyes narrowed. "Careful, Sirzechs. Your relation to me will only allow you to insult me so much."

Falbium stepped in front of Sirzechs, pulling Zekram's attention to himself. "Your private affairs are your own, Zekram, but you will not act in a way that puts our people at risk. Remain here. Do not respond to Helios's attacks. Serafall will get you compensation as part of her dealings with Athena."

Zekram made a considering sound. "And if Serafall is incapable of preventing a war?"

"Then I will see you on the field at my side, ancestor." Sirzechs said mockingly.

Zekram considered the benefits of rising to the taunt, ultimately allowing Sirzechs this one last jab. "It has been a pleasure as always to see you, my boy. Do visit more often. An old man's greatest pleasure is seeing his descendants thriving." Zekram said dismissively.

Shooting Zekram one last glare, Sirzechs spun around, Falbium close behind him.

Zekram sighed as the Satans left, falling heavily back into his chair.

Despite the front he put up before his grandson, Zekram truly did respect the boy. Sirzechs was living proof that the Bael bloodline was superior to all others. Alongside his fellow Satans, Sirzechs had ruled well, albeit with many mistakes. Those could be forgiven as a byproduct of Sirzechs' youth. He was still learning.

It filled Zekram with pride to see his spawn dominating those around them with their strength. Even if certain members of his family were complete and utter disappointments.

If only Sirzechs had been the inheritor of his Clan instead of 'Lord' Bael. The world would not have forgotten their fear of the Bael family. Their Clan would not have suffered embarrassment after embarrassment as Lord Bael's many mistakes and childish antics came to light.

Zekram understood that devils must, from time to time, engage in sin. It was their nature, best embraced rather than resisted. However, one must still maintain their decorum. Lord Bael slept the days away. He spent nights drunk and feasting on delicacies paid for with the Bael fortune. He whored his way through Hell with abandon.

Until now, Zekram had been under the assumption Lord Bael's indiscretions had not borne fruit. The agents he sent to observe the women his spawn had bedded all reported that nothing came of the trysts.

Why then, did Balthazar Abaddon manage to find a young woman capable of using his prized Power of Destruction?

The moment Zekram witnessed the girl call up his power in the middle of the Rating Game, Zekram set his agents uncovering any and all information known about her.

From what they were able to piece together from when the girl appeared in Aqua's company, she had not been with Balthazar for long. There was no indication of where she came from, but some sources indicated she was likely a vampire prior to her reincarnation.

This one fact spared Lord Bael from Zekram's wrath.

If the girl truly was a vampire, it was possible that any of his spawn may have sired the girl over his long existence. Several of his descendants were dead, having fallen in one of the many wars devilkind was subjected to. It was possible one of them had the girl and fell before informing him.

If that was the case, why did she not reach out to him? Was she afraid of his reaction? Did she believe he was so wasteful as to eliminate a bastard child of the Bael family? Perhaps that was why she finally surfaced in Balthazar's Peerage. She likely saw his rising power as shelter from Zekram's reach.

She would be wrong of course, but she was also foolish to think he would have her eliminated purely for unorthodox origins. Power was king. She possessed a Power greater than any in the world in the form of his bloodline trait. He would have welcomed her if only she had revealed herself to him. Ajuka Beelzebub's Evil PIeces were marvelous. A single piece would have been enough to correct her impure bloodline, as was now the case where she resided in Balthazar's peerage.

It didn't matter. Zekram was aware of her now. As he watched Balthazar, he would watch Keno. Whether the girl was aware of it or not, she was in a prime position to further herself immensely.

Rumors were circulating that Balthazar was engaged to Medea, offering her the position of Lady Abaddon. While a pureblood devil would have been a more attractive selection for Lady of such a powerful house, Zekram could not deny that Medea would fit the role well.

That did not mean that Balthazar would not take a mistress or two. Zekram would reach out to Keno to begin to form a relationship with the girl that should have been present since her birth. After establishing good rapport with her, he would begin to subtly remark on the advantages of the Bael blood lines mixing with that of the Abaadons. Zekram had already managed to spread his progeny through the Gremory and Vapulas. The Abbadons were merely the next step. With so few Abaddons left, it was paramount to preserve the bloodline before any misfortune could befall them, weakening all devilkind with their loss.

Yes, Zekram was a forward thinker. He knew how to make plans that stretched across millenia. Sirzechs still had much to learn. The boy had done well, but he needed to continue growing if he wanted to retain his title as Lucifer.

Zekram took a sip of his wine, unable to banish the frown on his face.

Being ordered to remain still by his descendant had irritated Zekram. The Great King had no great plans to strike against the Greeks any further. His quarrel was with Helios. As far as he was concerned, that score was settled with the destruction of Thrinacia.

Then the foolish Titan started killing Zekram's underlings.

Zekram could not be open in his response to Helios's foolishness, but he must respond. Zekram would lose the loyalty of Lord Sallos and many other pillar lords if the Sallos heir was not avenged.

Zekram needed to contact Lords Gamigin and Naberius. Helios wanted to strike at Zekram and his followers? Zekram would see how long the Titan's will could weather watching his daughters suffer for his actions.


X


"Why couldn't you keep the foolish child in line?" Athena demanded through grit teeth, glaring across the table.

Serafall's eyes narrowed. Her hands balled into fists under the table. "Forgive me, Athena. Last I checked, it was Helios slaughtering my people. What on Earth could you possibly be mad about?"

Athena's balled fist rose to slam back down into the table. Athena stopped herself, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath before resting her hand on the table gently. "I would have been able to help you Serafall. I want to help you. I don't want war with Hell any more than you want Olympus invading your home."

"Then help me appease the Pillar lords calling for Greek blood after one of their heirs was slaughtered in the mortal world." Serafall said, unblinking, her expression deadly serious.

Athena shook her head. "My father won't allow any concessions. He'll accept nothing but a minor apology. It took everything I had to even get him to agree to that."

"Saying sorry for murdering a Pillar Heir will do nothing to mend the rift between us." Serafall said coldly.

Athena's hand tightened back into a fist. "Then maybe you should have prevented Balthazar Abaddon from reincarnating Achilles. The brat took a legacy of Zeus as his servant; his devil servant. I haven't seen my father this insulted in a mortal age."

"He needs to get over it." Serafall said bluntly. "His pride must not prevent him from stopping a war."

Athena paused, fixing Serafall with a serious look. "Do you truly want to keep the peace between our people?"

"I wouldn't be here if I wanted to fight you Athena." Serafall said, irritated.

"Then give us Balthazar."

The temperature in the room dropped ten degrees. Serafall sat stock-still, hair drifting away from her shoulders as she glared with murderous intent at Athena. "What."

"I need to appease my father before he will help me make amends for Helios's attacks. As far as he is concerned, we have already cut Helios loose and as such are not at fault for his actions. He doesn't understand the perspective of Hell, that one of their own was just murdered by a Greek Titan. He doesn't understand that whether Helios was acting in our interest or not, others will still blame us for his crimes."

"I fail to see how surrendering a Viscount of Hell to Olympus will solve any problems." Serafall said, her voice carrying a dangerous chill.

"Medea was a slight. Coal was an irritation. Achilles is a personal insult to my father. Rumors have surfaced that Idyia, thought to be dead for hundreds of years, is now living in Balthazar's lands, not even deigning to inform us of her current whereabouts. Another insult to my father. Others will see his subjects leaving his care as weakness. He will not be able to see this issue in a rational light until the focus of his rage is removed."

"'Removed'. You want me to give you Balthazar so Zeus can kill him." The temperature in the room dropped another ten degrees. Frost gathered on the table, creeping up the walls around them, the room becoming colored by an icy blue hue.

"No," Athena denied, eyes pleading. "He'll work off his debt to Olympus with us for ten years. The items he sells will fill our armories. My father will be appeased and I'll be able to help you. We both know where this is going if we don't take immediate action to prevent the worst outcome."

"Let me summarize your position." Serafall said, voice devoid of emotion. "Helios slaughters twenty-seven devils, one of whom is a Pillar Heir, and hundreds of mortals whose only crime was working in a devil's employ, most even ignorant of the fact that they worked for a devil. Your solution to fixing this problem is for Hell to surrender one of its lords to Olympus to appease Zeus to the point he is willing to offer a meager apology. Would you say this is an accurate summarization?"

"Serafall, please," Athena said. "I swear to you, I will do everything in my power to make this right. I cannot do anything to help you while my father is ordering no compensation of any kind is to be paid to the devils."

"This was a waste of both our time." Serafall said, her voice carrying the frigid bite of winter. Serafall stood from her chair, turning her attention to the room's third occupant who had silently observed their conversation. "Thank you for hosting this meeting, Odin. I apologize for my outburst and the frost I have scarred your beautiful room with."

The elderly, one-eyed man shook his head. "I am not insulted by your reaction, Serafall. I am insulted that only one party came to this meeting of peace with any intentions to actually resolve this issue peacefully."

Athena stood, fists clenched tight as she leaned into the table. Ignoring Odin, she looked at Serafall with beseeching eyes. "Serafall, I swear on my domains, I will do everything in my power to–"

"Enough, Athena." Serafall cut her off, eyes glowing a dangerous, frigid blue. "I will do what I can to appease the devils calling for blood. If any further actions are taken against us, I will not be able to justify a position of inaction. Do not so much as allow a nymph to seduce a devil."

"Sera–"

"This meeting is over." Serafall cut Athena off, glaring daggers at her, daring the goddess to contradict her.

Athena sighed. "I'll do what I can. You should have trusted me." A golden flash enveloped her form and she was gone.

Slowly, the temperature in the room started to rise. Frost receded as Serafall took a deep breath to reign in her power.

Athena suggesting that Hell offer compensation for actions taken against Hell had enraged Serafall. Demanding that Serafall turn over Balthazar had turned her murderous. It took every ounce of control Serafall had not to strike at the arrogant, stupid bitch the moment she began outlining her moronic plan.

Serafall wouldn't have turned over any Devil lord to Olympus but Athena trying to take Balthazar?

Serafall would rather go to war with the Greeks than risk losing Balthazar. Athena had no idea what she was asking Serafall to part with.

"I expect things will get rather exciting in the coming days." Odin said, standing up from his chair, leaning on his staff as he stretched his back.

Serafall nodded in agreement. "I assume they will."

Odin chuckled softly. "For a moment there, I assumed Athena was smarter than I gave her credit for, then she kept talking and I realized she was somehow less intelligent than I initially assumed."

Serafall's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "What do you mean?"

Odin watched her carefully, scratching his beard with the hand not holding his staff. "We have been buying raw materials from Balthazar's company for some time now. It's no boast to say we have some of the greatest craftsmen in the world working for us. Brok and Sindri have told me of their very interesting suspicions regarding those materials."

"I'm not sure what you're insinuating." Serafall said carefully.

Odin grinned. "Something about it being impossible for some of the materials to have been produced in our world. I don't understand the specifics myself, but I trust the experts. What a strange discovery, wouldn't you say?"

"I'm not sure I understand." Serafall said, confusion evident on her face. "Not produced in our world? What do you mean?"

Odin chuckled. "You're an exceptional actress, Serafall. Sometimes I wonder if you use the overacting on your show to fool people into thinking you can't spin a tale with the best of them. Anyone else would buy your confusion. Not me." Odin gently tapped the eye-patch he wore. "I gave up far too much for my insight to be fooled."

Odin's grin faded, expression turning serious. "A monstrous cat of flame never seen. A moth the size of a city with no records of its existence. Aqua, Medea, Shang Tsung, Irene, Shiroe, even Achilles and Coal – those you can explain away. Mothra and Matatabi? Maybe one of them could be excused. Both? It doesn't fit."

"I'm not sure what you're insinuating." Serafall said, staring at Odin seriously, trying to figure out what his game was.

Odin shrugged. "Nothing. Nothing save this: Asgard has benefited immensely from its dealings with yourself and Balthazar Abaddon. We would not stand by if such a valuable resource came under threat. I'm sure you can understand that, yes?"

Serafall was speechless, watching Odin for any sign of deception as she slowly nodded.

Nodding to himself, Odin said, "I was happy to host this meeting for you, but I'm afraid I must ask you to leave. There are things I must do today."

"Thank you for hosting the meeting, Odin." Serafall said.

"It was my pleasure. Wars between pantheons aren't good for anyone. I hope things work out for the best. Farewell, Serafall."

Serafall vanished in a flash of icy blue light.

"You're back!"

Looking up, Serafall couldn't help but smile as Ingvild charged towards her and launched into a tackle hug.

Serafall easily caught her, laughing as she lifted the smaller girl up.

"How'd it go?" Mami asked. She was sitting with Seraphine and a round table. Both had a book open, left forgotten on the table as they closely watched Serafall.

Serafall's words caught in her throat as she looked at Seraphine. The innocent hope in the girl's eyes nearly broke her.

"I… I'm sorry, Seraphine. I might have pulled you into a war." Serafall said, regretful.

Seraphine pushed her book away, standing and walking up to Serafall. "You pulled me out of certain death and gave me a new home, one I'm actually willing to fight for. Don't ever apologize for that."

Serafall smiled softly, shifting Ingvild to the side so she could pull her warlock into a crushing hug. Mami dashed across the floor, leaping into the hug and knocking everyone over, turning it into a cuddle pile.

Serafall laughed, holding her peerage and warlock close. Serafall would burn Olympus to the ground before she let anything hurt her family.


X


Amber hair billowed in a gentle current. Skin like ambrosia sparkled. Beams of light cut through the water to illuminate a feminine form. She floated alone, no fish or coral in sight. A lone shape in the infinite expanse of the deep.

She cradled a small mirror in her hand, eyes fixed on the image displayed in its face – a man in bronze armor smiling triumphantly as he held his spearpoint to the throat of a pale, snake-like woman moments before the two were swallowed by brilliant silver light.

The woman swiped against the mirror's surface, sending the image back, magnifying the man's face.

Delicate fingers traced the edge of his jaw as her eyes hungrily drank in the sight of him.

"My sweet boy." the woman said softly, voice twinged with heartbreak.

Thetis, Leader of the Nereids, Daughter of Nereus, minor Goddess of the Seas beheld the face of her son for the first time in thousands of years, unable to look away.

Achilles looked the same as he did the last time she'd seen him, that tragic day where he departed for Troy and his destiny beyond. Thetis had watched him go, unable to follow despite how desperately she wished to.

She never saw her son again.

Until now.

A thousand questions whirred through her mind. How did he become a devil? Where had Balthazar Abaddon found him? Was he happy? Was he eating well?

Thetis was overwhelmed by a sea of emotions warring within her. She only knew one thing for certain.

She needed to see her son.

Rumors had been circulating for some time among those who dwelled in the sea. Idyia, thought lost for millenia, had supposedly resurfaced, taking up residence in Hell to be near her long-lost daughter. Thetis hadn't believed the rumors. They sounded too fanciful.

She was willing to explore any possible avenue if it meant seeing her son again.

The mirror in her hand shimmered as Thetis reached out through the sea. The face of the mirror rippled like a disturbed pond, slowly settling as the face of a woman she thought she would never see again came into focus.

"Thetis." Idyia's far-away voice greeted her.

"I need to see my son." Thetis said. Catching up with the Knowing Goddess could wait until her boy was in her arms once more.

Idyia smiled softly. "I've been expecting you to reach out. Remain where you are. I will be there shortly."

Idyia's face faded from the mirror in Thetis's hands. Immediately, she brought Achilles's picture back, staring longingly at the visage of her smiling son.

Her son. She was going to hold her son again.


X


Reincarnation was a strange thing.

A man with dark hair pondered his existence as he sat alone at a bar, slowly nursing a glass of wine. The bartender had given him a strange look when he ordered wine to drink alone, but old habits died hard. His tastes from before followed him to his life now.

Was his first life a dream? It felt so far away, but when he'd lived it it felt so real, somehow more real than the life he lived now. How could it not? Great adventures. Fierce battles. Epic rivalries. The truest of friends.

What did he have now? Nothing that mattered. He was alone. A piece of his past was all he had left to convince himself he really was who he thought he was. Of course, it couldn't have been a part he rejoiced in remembering. No. The herald of his end had followed him here.

His first life had been good. He'd enjoyed that life. He was trying to enjoy this one too, but he was too restless. There were no great battles like before.

Well, that wasn't true. The church had already approached him several times. Initially, they'd been polite and gracefully accepted his refusal. They were becoming more and more insistent.

The man had no desire to be brought into their fight with anything they deemed unholy. By their metrics, he himself was likely a problem to be dealt with, spared their prejudiced hate because he had the potential to be useful to them. Nevermind he had no interest in serving them in any way.

Laughter from the back of the bar drew his attention. A group of friends gathered around a pool table, laughing and drinking together.

The man frowned, turning around to stare down at the bar.

That, more than anything, was what he missed. The camaraderie that was so prevalent in his first life. In this modern world, it was so hard for him to find anyone to relate to. Everyone he knew and loved from before had been dead longer than civilizations. There were so many new nations today, his home nothing but a distant memory, a sidenote in a different place's story.

The man took a drink, reaching in his pocket to retrieve his phone, hoping to distract himself from his melancholy. That was one thing he could certainly say about the modern age. People had perfected the art of distracting themselves from their problems.

He checked the news. There was nothing interesting.

Looking over his shoulder to ensure he was alone, he opened another browser, one that gave him access to news of the supernatural. He scrolled through reports while sipping his wine.

An image attached to one report caused him to choke on his wine, hacking desperately to clear his airway.

"Are you okay?" the bartender asked, approaching him with concern in his eye.

The man paid the bartender no mind, eyes fixed on the report open on his phone. A man smiling wide in bronze armor raised a helmet above his head in challenge, spear driven through the ground next to him.

The man opened the article and hastily read through it.

A Rating Game. Roygun Belphegor faced Balthazar Abaddon. Balthazar Abaddon's new peerage members were revealed. The man didn't care about anything but the identity of Balthazar's new Knight.

Achilles, son of Peleus, Hero of the Trojan War.

The man hastily researched where to find Balthazar Abaddon, locating a map showingBalthazar's vast lands within the Underworld. Getting to Hell would be difficult, he'd have to find someone or something willing to take him there, but for the first time in this new life, the man had purpose. He needed to get to Castle Abaddon.

The man slammed some crumpled bills on the bar as an afterthought as he practically ran out into the night.

With a thought, his Sacred Gear appeared around him. Dark bronze armor once worn by Achilles himself garbed the man's form. The armor he'd died in settled around him as he began running as fast as he could down the road, the air parting around him in a dramatic rush as he ran with the speed of a car.

Patroclus had one thought fixed in his mind. He needed to see Achilles again.


X


It was rare that Zariel, Archduchess of Avernus, was interested in the happenings beyond her home. Her duties kept her occupied. Avernus, the seat of her power, served as the frontline for the Blood War. Demons rode the River Styx, flooding into her realm and destroying everything in their path.

It was irritating, but Zariel was able to find joy in it. She lived to fight. Tearing through hordes of invaders thinking to steal her realm from her filled her with immense pleasure.

Still, her position as Archduchess of Avernus required her to sometimes deal with less interesting problems. Politics was one of her less favored tasks. She would rather fight her enemies than make nice with allies carrying honeyed words that concealed daggers.

Dispatar, Lord of the Second, Prince of Dis, sent Zariel a letter. It detailed that he had granted permission to three outsiders to enter Avernus and conduct their business however they see fit.

Zariel grit her teeth as she read the letter, reigning in her rage.

Avernus was hers. She decided who may come and go. Dispatar had overreached, trampling her authority without so much as paying lip service to her. He had not requested her permission, he had dictated what he had already done.

One thing kept Zariel from acting rashly against Dispatar's guests. Irritating though she found him to be, Dispatar never acted without reason. He was more cautious than her. Unlike Zariel, Dispatar actually enjoyed playing the political games Baator was so fond of. He would not have missed an opportunity to politic with a fellow lord of the Hells without good reason.

So Zariel stayed her hand. She ordered her spies to watch for the arrival of these guests and report their findings. That should have been the end of it.

Mere minutes after issuing her orders, several of her spies returned, groveling at her feet. They'd abandoned the task she set before them. They showered Zariel in excuses, begging for her mercy.

Zariel was beyond furious, but she could save flaying the failures for later. Amidst the sea of excuses, Zariel pulled several pieces of interesting information. Her servants believed her guests to be lords of the other Hells. They feared the lord's wrath if they were caught observing them.

Zariel's life was absorbed in conflict. She fell to Avernus to act as the stalwart wall that halted the approach of the Abyss. Nearly every waking moment was spent slaughtering demons and ridding her realm of invaders. These guests were intriguing, a break in the monotony.

Zariel left her palace, flying with haste to Elturel, the guests intended destination if Dispatar was to be believed. Zariel altered her form into that of a weak mortal, obscuring her power.

Zariel felt the guests arrive before she saw them. She understood why her underlings had been so afraid now, not that it would spare them her ire.

One of the guests was powerful. He felt like a major lord of one of the Hells. He was the weakest.

The other two radiated power equal to Dukes of each layer of the Hells. Zariel felt something she hadn't felt in ages as she looked upon the green-haired male.

Fear.

Zariel could count the number of devils whose power surpassed her own on one hand. This newcomer numbered among them.

It was intoxicating. After so long spent in the Hells, consumed by rage and the unending desire to destroy, the new sensation was novel.

Zariel maintained her weak, insignificant mortal form as she followed them at a distance. When a disturbance shook the city, she grew irritated. Feeling through her connection to her home to ascertain the nature of the disturbance made her murderous.

Of all times, a Demon Lord chose now to invade her realm? She'd finally found someone worth her interest.

Zariel prepared to squash the gnat that dared to interrupt her. She needn't have bothered.

The third devil, the weakest, dealt with the problem as if it were a trivial thing, like a minor Demon Lord were an insignificant mortal. It was delicious.

Zariel grabbed one of her chain devil servants, allowing a hint of her true self to be visible beneath her disguise, ordering the servant to take the demon alive.

Once she was confident her prize was secure, Zariel returned to watching her guests. The female made a warlock out of one of the mortals. They departed soon after.

In the present, Zariel stood before bars of hellish iron. A circular prison cell was constructed in record time to hold her new prisoner.

A domed room of dark iron and stone caged the demon lord. Sturdy chains bound her arms above her head, suspending her in mid-air. More chains wound around her legs and tail, preventing her from moving. A powerful binding circle sat beneath her, preventing her from calling upon her power to free herself. Glowing runes carved into the chains sapped away her strength.

Zariel grinned, turning away from the cell and walking away. Oublivae did not number among the greatest lords of the Abyss, but she was an excellent prize all the same, a prize delivered to her by these intriguing guests. The secrets she pulled from the demon lord would strengthen her forces. The power she drained from Oublivae would serve to strengthen her armies.

Zariel was enthralled by the mystery surrounding her realm's visitors. Dispatar was keeping most of what he knew of them to himself, that only meant Zariel needed to investigate personally.

Zariel tasked some of her stronger, more reliable underlings with uncovering everything they could about the three strange devils that had entered her realm, expressing a desire to learn as much about the man with mint hair as possible. She needed to know everything there was to know about him.

While her Cambions and Erinyes worked, there was little for Zariel to do herself but bide her time. She slaughtered demons, dealt with annoying politics, and marshalled her armies against the invading demons.

All the while, she waited for any news of the strangers who had swept through her realm.


X


Dispatar sat alone in his throne room, a glowing silver spear held in his hands. He idly ran a finger over the mythril point, smiling to himself as the enchantment sent a minor shock through his body, not nearly enough to injure him.

"Impressive," Dispatar said to himself, setting the spear aside as he picked up a report and read its contents for the third time.

It seemed he had acted correctly in regards to the news of an unknown devil lord interacting with one of his subordinates and creating warlocks with Baator's systems. The now fully named Viscount Balthazar Abaddon had used a number of spears similar to the one in Dispatar's possession to debilitate and capture the demon lord Oublivae, discarding the spears as if they were trivial things as opposed to the wondrous magical items they were. Mortals and devils alike would kill for access to the items Balthazar Abaddon discarded like unimportant garbage. If he could afford to use such powerful items as disposable projectiles, what nature of item did he possess that he deemed worthy of keeping?

The Viscount's apparent wealth aside, the far more important news to come from this most recent meeting with devils from beyond Baator was assuredly the appearance of Balthazar Abaddon's companions. Baator now had a name and face to match to the walking ice age whose presence had been detected in Neverwinter. Satan Serafall Leviathan, a devil so powerful she could rival the lords of the Hells themselves.

Then there was Satan Ajuka Beelzebub. When the reports of Ajuka Beelzebub's power first reached Dispatar, the Lord of Dis was sceptical of their veracity. More reports arrived, each corroborating the account of the first, some even showing the estimate of the Satan's power to be too low.

Dispatar's agents had followed the party's trip through Avernus. No actions were taken that ran contrary to Baator's goals. On the contrary, Balthazar Abaddon captured a notable, if of lesser power, demon lord and turned her over to Zariel's forces with no resistance. A great gift and asset in the Blood War.

Dispatar still knew frightfully little about these new devils. He did not know so much as where they came from or how they arrived, but they clearly desired to work with Baator to their mutual benefit. This was ideal. Baator already had far too many enemies. Even if Ajuka Beelzebub was the greatest among these foreign devils, even if their numbers were few, even if all they could offer would be more of the spears used by Balthazar Abaddon to defeat Oublivae, an alliance would still prove beneficial to Baator.

Dispatar looked forward to future cooperation, but he needed to know exactly what the foreign devils could offer Baator and what, in turn, they could provide to Baator. Facilitating the creation of their warlocks was a pittance, a minor thing. Surely these foreign devils would not ally with Baator for something so minor as utilizing Baator's framework to create warlocks. No, they would want something else. What that desire would be Dispatar could only guess.

Dispatar had updated Virexa's orders. After receiving her report of the powerful golems guarding the Loralee Estate and the mines it operated, Dispatar realized Balthazar Abaddon had taken a more proactive approach in ensuring the safety of his warlocks, an interesting fact considering many devils treated their warlocks as disposable pawns or playthings. He seemed to genuinely care about the wellbeing of his underlings. Serafall Leviathan had reportedly taken her own warlock back wherever these foreign devils came from. Perhaps she held similar care for the warlock even moments after the formation of her contract?

An important piece of the puzzle for certain, but there were still far too many gaps in Dispatar's knowledge.

When next Balthazar Abaddon appeared, Virexa was to do everything in her power to arrange a meeting between Balthazar Abaddon and Dispatar. Dispatar would clear his schedule of meetings with all except Asmodeus himself to meet with the foreign devils.

If arranging such a meeting proved impossible, Virexa was to offer her services as Baator's envoy. If Balthazar Abaddon brought Virexa back with him, she would be able to report to Dispatar many of the things he would need to know to deal with the foreign devils.

How many of them were there? What was their home like? How strong was the average devil? How strong were the weakest and strongest devils? What was their hierarchy? What could they offer Baator? What would they ask in exchange?

All questions Dispatar could only guess at. He needed more information. Balthazar Abaddon's actions in Avernus showed an alliance with these devils would be a great boon to Baator. He disabled a minor demon lord in moments. Serafall Leviathan and Ajuka Beelzebub were both far stronger than he was.

Of course, it was possible Balthazar Abaddon was one of the stronger devils. Perhaps the vast majority of their race was no stronger than an imp? Dispatar needed to know more.

Sighing, Dispatar set the flaming document aside. There was little he could do now but speculate. Virexa's report said Serafall Leviathan wished to arrange a future meeting with him in her capacity as the foreign affairs official of her people.

All Dispatar could do was prepare for that meeting, arranging a proposal of what Baator could offer these other devils in exchange for weapons like the ones Balthazar Abaddon had used against Oublivae. Anything else he would ask for would have to wait until he knew exactly what Serafall Leviathan could provide to him. He'd already notified the lords of the other layers of the situation and his intentions.

There was nothing to be done but wait.


X


Boreas, God of the North Wind, closely examined the map on the table before him. He wasn't sure where he'd heard it, but he remembered someone once telling him that revenge was costly. Boreas believed whoever told him was speaking in the metaphorical sense, staining one's soul and all that hogwash. Boreas had come to realize the truth. Revenge was expensive.

The task Boreas had set before himself must be completed. He would not allow Balthazar Abaddon to continue living his miserable, pathetic life. Unfortunately, Balthazar had amassed a sizable number of very capable allies. This most recent Rating Game between Balthazar and Roygun Belphegor highlighted even more complications with Boreas's plan.

Boreas originally planned to strike weeks ago. Following Remiel's warning, he decided it would be wise to be better prepared before moving against Balthazar. When he heard of the Rating Game, he postponed again to learn as much as he could about Balthazar's underlings. Boreas was glad he'd chosen to wait, but his bank account certainly wept.

Had Boreas undertaken this mission for any other purpose, he would have cut his losses long ago lest he fall into a sunk cost fallacy. As it stood, Boreas could not walk away and leave his daughter unavenged. Boreas, once a wealthy god, was now penniless. He'd spent every last coin he'd earned over the millenia, even selling a number of priceless artifacts to finance his revenge. When his coffers ran dry, he began offering favors and promises to secure further aid.

Wasteful perhaps, but Boreas couldn't help but be content with the force he had accumulated to facilitate his revenge.

"When do you plan to strike?" a human female with short hair wearing a dark hood asked, looking down at the map on the table.

"Soon." Boreas said. "Not everything is ready yet. Once we are prepared, we will strike." This woman – like many of those gathered in his now crowded mansion, his sanctuary safe from the prying eyes of gods and devils alike – was a mortal Boreas hired to act as a mercenary and facilitate his revenge. Remiel's warning gave Boreas pause. He would not allow any chance of failure. His once vast wealth was gone, used to buy the cooperation of a host of mercenaries from across the supernatural. Monsters, Sacred Gear holders, mages like the woman across the table from him – Boreas had paid for them all. In addition to his loyal servants who followed him into exile, Boreas now had a force capable of assaulting a great castle in Hell and leaving nought but a smoking crater in their wake.

Still, Boreas needed to be careful. The last thing he wanted was Balthazar to use whatever spear Medea had made that was capable of killing a god.

"Father Martin," Boreas turned towards the priest standing at the head of the table. "Will our current plan allow you to seal Balthazar's ability to use Hole? So long as he is able to transport his peerage with impunity, our task is doomed to failure." Even if they managed to destroy the castle, if Balthazar used Hole to flee with his peerage, or even if the coward fled alone, their efforts would have amounted to nothing.

Father Martin, the exorcist holding the Sacred Gear Trick Vanish entrusted to Boreas by Remiel, considered the map before nodding. "If the magicians can get me close to Balthazar without him detecting me, I will be able to lock away his power. Once that is complete, I will need them to transport me away swiftly. Balthazar and his peerage will attempt to eliminate me to allow him access to his power."

Boreas nodded seriously. "The magicians will teleport you away the moment you've accomplished your task. Failing that, Jeremy will be at your side the entire time. He'll protect you." Boreas could not allow Father Martin to be harmed after sealing Balthazar's Clan Trait. His entire plan hinged on Father Martin's ability.

The witch made a considering sound. "Then I suppose all that's left is to carry out the mission."

"Yes," a dark-haired young man in a black jacket said, an unimpressed look on his face. "We've been preparing for some time now. At this rate, the agreement we made will be at its end before we attack. When do we strike, Boreas?"

"He has already answered, mortal." a woman with frigid white hair wearing a dress made of pure snow said icily. She stepped up to Boreas's side protectively. "You need only concern yourself with doing your part. Whether the timeline is kept or not, you will join us. Killing the devils serves us both."

Boreas considered the map once more. He spent the last of his fortune on this, a detailed map of Balthazar's lands and the structures the devil had constructed thereon. His source was trustworthy, a dissident serving the New Satans wishing to defect to the Old Satan Faction. Boreas didn't care about the devil's allegiance, only that their intelligence was good.

"Soon. We will strike soon." Boreas said again, focused on the map. He needed to go over everything one more time. He couldn't afford to get this wrong.

The white-haired woman laid a gentle hand on his shoulder. Boreas saw the pain in his expression reflected on her otherwise radiant face.

"For Runa." she said, a single tear tracing its way down her cheek.

For Runa.
Last edited: Mar 15, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,221 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Mar 14, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 41
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Mar 22, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,429
I blinked in confusion, sitting up on the bed, watching Medea as she got dressed. I hadn't been awake for more than thirty seconds. Maybe I heard her wrong. "What?"

Medea's back was to me. She turned to face me as she finished pulling her dress up. "I want to get married today."

I blinked again. "That's what I thought you said. Um… You know we don't need to rush, right?"

"I don't care about having a grand ceremony. I only wanted the engagement to be special so I could cherish that memory. I want things to be official before my grandfather pulls us into a war." she explained. "My mother can officiate. The only person I would invite who doesn't live here is Circe, but she's already here."

"I… wait, what? When did Circe get here?"

"She arrived last night. I allowed her entry to the lands and told her to go to my mother's castle until we figured out what we wanted to do. She said she was seeking asylum."

"Did she say why she's seeking asylum?"

"Hermes attempted to force her to return with him to Olympus. She did not want to go with him and apparently slighted him and Zeus when she left. Something about telling Zeus to fornicate with a goat?"

I sighed, falling heavily back onto the pillows. "Of course it's another political incident. Why do I keep managing to piss off the Greeks? I didn't even do anything this time."

Medea walked up to the side of the bed and leaned down, gently kissing my forehead. "Don't despair, my love. I can assure you, they deserve every migraine you give them and then some."

"That doesn't save me from having a very uncomfortable conversation with Serafall." I complained. "You remember how precariously close to war we are right now, right? This might be the thing that tips the scales."

"I'm not turning away one of the few relatives I have a positive relationship with, Balthazar. She would do the same for me."

I sighed, nodding in acceptance. "I guess that means I have to make a phone call. You're sure you want to get married today?"

"I'm tired of waiting." Medea said, laying down next to me and resting her head on my shoulder. She gently ran a finger over the ring on my finger. "You're already mine, but I want everyone else to know it."

I closed my eyes, resting my head atop hers. "Okay. I need to call Serafall to tell her about the Circe situation. Provided she doesn't call me away for some emergency meeting or smite me for finally doing something she can't forgive, we'll get married today."

Medea kissed my chin, extricating herself from my embrace as she stood once more. "Is there anyone you would like me to invite while you speak with Serafall?"

"Kuisha, Sairaorg, Latia and Magdaran for sure. Probably Roygun and Diehauser too. I'll give Serafall an invite while she's chewing my ear off."

"It won't be so bad. She likes you, and you're far too valuable to her for her to alienate you. I'll go make some calls. Let me know if you need anything." With that, Medea left me alone with an impending doom hanging over my head.

Sighing, I sat up and swung my legs over the side of the bed. A Hole dropped my phone in my hand and I dialed Serafall. I would rather get this over with immediately so I'm not dreading it for an hour.

Serafall picked up on the second ring. "Bal? Is everything alright?"

"Define 'alright'?"

She sighed tiredly. "Please tell me you didn't somehow find more peerage pieces and reincarnate the Oracle of Delphi in the 24 hours I haven't seen you."

"Hey, this time I had nothing to do with the problem I'm about to create for you."

"I'll reserve judgement for when I hear what the problem is." she said, sounding sceptical.

"Your faith in me is the only thing keeping me going, Serafall." Sighing, I said, "Circe showed up here asking for asylum. Medea let her in and now she's in Idyia's castle."

"…what?"

"Circe asked for asylum and now she's staying in my lands."

Serafall sighed. "Balthazar, I swear, how does this shit keep happening around you?"

"Like I said, this one wasn't on me."

"Why did she even want asylum?"

"Apparently she didn't want to meet with Zeus and it turned into a whole thing. I don't have all the details yet. By the way, how'd the meeting with Athena go?"

"Terribly. Why did Circe go to you?"

I winced at her tone of voice. I knew things were bad, but if her meeting went 'terribly' with a side of venom, we might be screwed. "I couldn't tell you. I can ask her but–"

A voice in my head interrupted what I was about to say.

'Honey, you should probably come down to my mother's castle.' Medea's voice spoke into my mind.

With narrowed eyes, I responded, 'Why? Is something wrong with Circe?'

'Circe's fine, dear. It's just that Thetis is here now too.'

I stared off into space as Medea's words registered in my mind.

"Bal?" Serafall said through the phone.

"Give me a sec, Serafall." I said.

'Achilles's mother Thetis? Thetis as in the Greek goddess Thetis?' I clarified.

'The same. She won't let go of Achilles. It's actually kind of adorable how hard she's squeezing him. You'd think his invulnerability would make him immune, but he's still struggling to breathe.'

I let out a long-suffering sigh. "Serafall, things somehow got worse while we've been talking. Thetis is here now."

There was silence on the other end of the line.

"Serafall?"

"Open a Hole to my office." Serafall said tiredly. "I need to deal with this in person."

"Are you sure? I didn't mean to take you away from–"

"Now, Bal."

"Opening a Hole." I said. I hung up the phone and quickly threw some clothes on, stepping through a Hole to Idyia's castle as I opened a second one tied to Serafall's office.

I entered the main sitting room in Idyia's castle to find three goddesses, my fiance and a demigod.

Circe and Idyia sat side-by-side on a sofa sipping a dark colored liquid from clear glasses. Medea stood beside her mother, a small smile on her face as she observed the room's other two occupants.

A woman with skin the color of ambrosia held Achilles in a death grip. She wore a plain white dress similar to those Idyia favored. It looked a little big on the smaller woman. I wouldn't be surprised if it was one of Idyia's dresses the woman was borrowing. She refused to allow Achilles any freedom as she slowly squeezed the life out of him.

"My sweet boy," the woman cooed. "I can't believe it."

Achilles looked supremely uncomfortable as he tried to extricate himself from her embrace. "Mother, it's good to – erk! – see you, but could you please–"

"No," Thetis denied, tightening her grip further. "I'm never letting you out of my sight again."

A heavy sigh filled the room as a dark-haired woman stepped through a Hole at my side.

Serafall held her head in her palm, slowly massaging her temples with her fingertips. "Bal, one of these days you're going to give me a stroke."

"This was not his doing." Idyia said, setting her glass aside as she stood. "I allowed Circe entry to my castle. Thetis contacted me soon after, wishing to see her son. I understood her desire better than anyone. I could not find it in me to deny her request."

Serafall's hand fell away from her face. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "Okay! Circe, you're here to visit family, right?"

Circe frowned. "I have come here seeking–"

"Nope!" Serafall cut her off. "You're here to visit family, right? Hell sheltering a Greek goddess with the current political climate would be the final straw Zeus needs to attack us. So you're here visiting family, right?" Serafall was practically glaring at Circe.

Circe weathered the Satan's glare respectably, only giving her a small nod. "Yes, I am here to visit family."

Serafall nodded, content. "Good. Now, why have you chosen now to visit family?"

Circe frowned. "Zeus demanded an audience with me to punish me for visiting Medea in Hell and doing business with Balthazar. He sent Hermes to retrieve me. When I refused, Hermes attempted to drag me away by force. I did not take kindly to their threats and actions, so I left. There were few places I could go where I felt I would be safe. This was the most attractive destination."

Serafall raised an eyebrow. "Zeus was going to punish you for visiting your niece?"

Circe smiled, amused. "Zeus is impulsive at the best of times. When his pride is wounded by some perceived slight, he becomes that much more unpredictable."

A scoff drew everyone's attention to Thetis. She still held Achilles tight with her left arm, gently running her right hand through his hair.

"Zeus has grown unbearable recently." Thetis complained. "Demanding he be notified whenever anyone plans to have dealings beyond those under his control. Refusing to allow us to mingle with other pantheons as if he holds the authority to restrict our movements. I don't know what got him all riled up, but I'm fed up with it."

"How long has this been going on?" Serafall asked, eyes calculating.

Thetis thought for a moment. "It started about half-a-year ago. Things got worse after Helios and Boreas went rogue. He's gotten significantly worse since. Per his most recent orders, I am currently committing treason by being in the company of devils."

"And that fact doesn't bother you?" Serafall asked.

Thetis's gaze hardened. "My son is a devil now. If being with him constitutes treason, then I will gladly brand myself a traitor."

Serafall sighed. "Touching as that is, it's going to create a lot of problems for me."

Medea adopted a considering expression. "How widespread is the displeasure with Zeus's new orders? Are others unsatisfied?"

Theits nodded distractedly, still focused on Achilles. "Everyone I have spoken to feels the same way. Many of my sisters have lovers from other pantheons Zeus has forbidden them from seeing."

Struggling in Thetis's grasp, Achilles shot me a pleading look.

"Thetis," I said carefully. "I understand you're happy to see your son again, but please let my Knight go. You have all eternity to shower your affection on him now."

Thetis considered my words for a moment. She released Achilles from her hug, but kept a tight grip on his hand.

Achilles let out a dramatic gasp and began sucking down air. He shot me a grateful look as Thetis pulled him down onto one of the sofas to sit next to her.

"If Zeus ordered the Nereids to go to war with devils, would they comply?" Serafall asked, expression unreadable.

Thetis barked out a laugh. "I certainly wouldn't. Some of my more vicious sisters may comply, but the majority have no interest in fighting."

"My sisters are largely the same." Idyia said. "The Oceanids are displeased with Zeus's overreach."

"So there's tension in the faction." I said. That was good for us. Zeus would likely be less willing to declare open war. And even if he did, we wouldn't be facing a united pantheon.

Circe chucked. "There's more than tension. The Olympians follow Zeus without question. They are enforcing his will upon the rest of us as if it should be an honor to receive a command from the Lord of the Sky. Most of us want nothing to do with Zeus's warmongering. We do not want a large-scale war between pantheons."

Serafall frowned. "Would they follow Zeus if ordered to go to war, regardless of how they feel?"

Circe shrugged. "I can't say for certain. I'm fairly well-respected among the lower deities. I can say Zeus is being an idiot if you'd like. That might help."

"I've already ordered my sisters to stand down." Thetis said. "Zeus's authority is greater than my own, but most of my sisters respect my position as leader of the nerieds more than the words of an absentee ruler who would gladly rape them without a second thought if he had the opportunity. Then again, some of them fantasize about that very thing occurring."

Serafall sighed. "Thank you for your cooperation. Circe, I assume you're planning to stay here for an extended period of time?"

Circe nodded. "Until I can return home without fear of retaliation from Olympus."

"I will be staying as well." Thetis said. "Idyia has graciously extended an invitation to stay in her palace. I wish to be near my son. I will not lose him again."

Serafall frowned. "Fine. But please keep a low profile while you're here."

"I will go where my son goes only." Thetis assured Serafall.

"Speaking of sons," Circe said leadingly, turning to me. "Where is Coal?"

I blinked, confused. "Um… Probably hanging out in the castle. Why?"

"I believe it is only right that he meets his son." Circe said plainly.

I stared at her, uncomprehendingly. "His what?"

"His son." Circe repeated, sitting patiently.

A small Hole opened in front of me. "Coal?"

"What's up, master?" Coal said back, sounding cheerful.

"Do you have a minute? Circe wants you to meet your son."

Silence.

"Coal?"

"My what?" Coal demanded.

"Your son." Circe spoke up, raising her voice slightly to be heard through the Hole.

"Yeeeah, you have fun with this, Bal." Serafall said, smacking me on the shoulder. "I've got work to do. Expect a call from me soon. I'm going to need you to play taxi for me so I can talk to our new friends."

"Before you go, Serafall." Medea called out, stopping Serafall as she began to summon a teleportation circle beneath her. "Balthazar and I will be getting married tonight. You are invited."

Serafall raised an eyebrow at me. "You move fast, Bal."

I shrugged. "We've waited long enough."

"Fair enough. I'll be there." Serafall vanished in a flash of blue energy.

"Master, I must be hearing you wrong." Coal's confused voice said through the Hole. "How can Circe have my son?"

Idyia smiled, amused. "Why, Coal, have you been cheating on me with my former sister-in-law?"

"I would never!" Coal's firm denial roared through the Hole.

I raised an eyebrow as I looked at Idyia. Her and Coal? How long had that been going on?

"Master! Open a Hole right now! I need to settle this!" Coal demanded.

I opened a larger Hole, obliging my Pawn's request.

A furious Coal stormed through the Hole, eyes sweeping the room until they landed on Circe. He marched towards her with an enraged glare. "I don't know what lies you've been spreading, witch, but I have never…" Coal trailed off, expression turning confused as he sniffed the air.

A heavy sound like a metal panel crashing against marble echoed through the space. Once, then again, and again in rhythm.

Every set of eyes in the room turned towards a large hallway as a massive shape lumbered into the room.

A large metallic silver western dragon shuffled into the room, having to crouch to fit its full body through the threshold. Golden veins of glowing energy snaked around the dragon's body. Glowing eyes intently fixed on Coal as the dragon stopped just inside the room.

Coal looked flabbergasted. "I… How… What?"

Circe calmly took a sip of her drink. "We may not have had him conventionally, but he is our son. I created him with your essence. Does that not make him our son?"

Suddenly it clicked in my head. Circe must have used the materials she'd traded me for Apollo's arrow to create this animated dragon. Sorry, Coal. This was on me.

The metallic dragon tilted its head as it inspected Coal, sniffing at the air.

"I…have a son." Coal said slowly.

The metallic dragon let out an inquisitive sound, taking a hesitant step forward.

A wide smile split Coal's face. "I have a son!" he roared. The next moment, he was across the room, throwing his arms around the dragon's neck.

I stood off to the side, silently observing as Coal laughed and led the large dragon through an archway leading to the exit to the castle. The metallic beast awkwardly lumbered behind him, somehow managing to look anxious as it followed the human form of the Colchian Dragon.

"Come!" Coal shouted. "I'll show you my home. You must meet your uncle and my friends! I'll show you how to properly…" Coal's voice slowly grew further away until his words were indistinguishable.

"Congratulations…?" I said hesitantly to Circe.

"Thank you." Circe said, smiling happily. She resumed sipping her drink, a pleased expression on her face.

Idyia cleared her throat. "With your permission, Balthazar, I will take the liberty of showing Thetis and Circe to rooms they may stay in while they reside within your lands."

"I have no issue. Just try to keep a low profile." I directed the second part at Thetis and Circe.

"That should be simple enough." Circe acquiesced easily.

"So long as my son is nearby I will be content." Thetis said, hand still clutching Achilles, refusing to let him go.

The two goddesses followed Idyia from the room. Thetis dragged Achilles behind her, his head hung in acceptance. Soon, it was just Medea and I in the room.

After a beat of silence, I said, "I don't have a nice suit." I had plenty of formal clothes, but nothing I would consider appropriate to get married in. I hadn't been expecting things to move this fast, not that I was opposed to Medea's timeline.

"I've already had something made." Medea said easily.

"Were you able to get any invites out?"

"I have already spoken with Sairaord and Kuisha. They plan to be in attendance."

"I'll call Roygun and Diehauser if you call Magdaran and Latia."

"Very well. Tell them it will be this evening, but they are welcome to come earlier."

"Do we have a set time or venue?"

"I've already prepared a venue. There doesn't need to be a set time. Once everyone is present we will begin."

Smiling warmly, Medea walked up to me and wound her arms around me, leaning in for a kiss. When she pulled back her smile was glowing. "Your suit is laid out on our bed. I'll see you tonight."

"You're saying we won't see each other until then?"

"I have to get ready. I'll send a familiar to guide you when it's time."

Stealing one last kiss, Medea stepped back, scattering into a swarm of crimson butterflies.

I waited a moment, taking a deep breath.

This was actually happening. For the first time in both of my lives, I was getting married.


X


The suit was laid out exactly where Medea said it would be. I wasn't a fashion aficionada, but I could tell it was more formal than what I typically wore. There was a black coat with a matching vest affixed with silver buttons. The coat's collar had extra fabric on it, making it a darker hue than the rest of the material. A white undershirt, slacks and a bowtie completed the look.

I got ready quickly and bided my time in one of the sitting rooms connected to mine and Medea's bedroom while I waited. I wasn't exactly sure what Medea's plan was, but I was willing to let her run point on this. The ceremony wasn't as important to me as what it signified, so letting Medea have her moment suited me just fine.

"Hello, my love."

I looked up. A small, spectral black cat sat on the windowsill in front of an open window, tail lazily flicking back and forth.

"Is it time then?" I asked, standing.

"Everyone is here. All that's left is for you and I to arrive."

The corner of my mouth pulled up in a smile as I said, "I'm still not sure where I'm going."

"The engagement was your surprise. This is mine. Follow the familiar."

The cat stood, leaping from the windowsill out into the air beyond. Its form condensed and stretched into the body of a raven.

I stepped through a Hole and my wings shot out to catch me as I emerged into the air at the raven's side.

The raven set a slow, gliding pace, taking its time. I followed behind it, enjoying the feel of the air on my face as I was led further and further away from Castle Abaddon.

We flew over the vast lake Idyia had opened in my lands and beyond, over a great forest on the opposite side of the lake. We were so far from the castle that even the lands around it were no longer visible. I really had too much land for how little I was doing with it. I needed to make some progress on that whole opening a settlement idea.

The raven banked, entering a swooping descent down towards the ground. I followed behind, carefully picking my way through the treetops to avoid getting my suit too dirty. When we landed on the ground, I cast a minor charm to straighten myself out and clean what little dirt had attached to me.

Medea's familiar transformed back into a cat, tail straight up in the air as it picked its way across the forest floor.

As we walked deeper into the forest, a faint white glow grew brighter. Slow, melodic music grew louder. It was a stringed instrument of some kind with a beautiful voice accompanying it.

I rounded one final tree to enter a clearing. Folding chairs were set up in front of a white stone arch woven with red and blue flowers. My peerage mingled with the other guests. Roygun and Diehauser had sat next to one-another and were conversing quietly. Shiroe and Latia quietly conversed off to the side. Coal, Aqua and a golden haired young man I recognized as Regulus excitedly conversed with a large metallic dragon who seemed very overwhelmed by everything happening around him. Shang Tsung sat in the front row next to Magdaran with Mothra atop his head. Mothra's moth body had a small, silvery dress garbed cutely around her thorax. Magdaran sat excited, jotting notes down as Shang Tsung spoke. Matatabi lay lazily on a branch hanging over the clearing, watching those below her from half-lidded eyes. Irene held Seri to her chest while she stood next to Idyia and Serafall, the three talking quietly. Keno stood with Kuisha and Sairaorg, staring at Kuisha with a tilted head, as if she was trying to solve a puzzle. To the side of the Arch, Circe sat on a chair and delicately dragged a bow across a cello's strings. At her side, Thetis sang a beautiful melody, Achilles sitting at her side with a warm smile on his face as he listened to his mother's voice.

Quiet conversations halted as I appeared. All eyes turned towards me. I felt out of place as I searched around for one person in particular. My fiance was nowhere to be seen.

Idyia waved a hand, halting Circe and Thetis's music as she climbed steps up a platform sat under the arch. "We'll be starting shortly. Everyone please make yourselves comfortable."

Some guests took seats while others stood near the back, all watched expectantly as Idyia beckoned me forward. I joined her on the platform.

"Where's Medea?" I asked.

Idyia smiled knowingly. "She has a suitably dramatic entrance planned. She should be along… Ah! There she is."

I followed her gaze.

Butterflies with pure white wings fluttered down from the trees, slowly gathering into a humanoid shape on the podium across from me. In a flash of white light, the butterflies vanished, leaving Medea in their wake.

I was stunned into silence when I saw her. A beautiful white gown with silver designs stitched into the bodice hugged her form before spreading into a great dress spread beneath her. A thin veil covered her face, unable to conceal the radiant smile on her face. She held a small bouquet of violet flowers.

"You're beautiful." I said quietly.

"You're rather dashing yourself." Medea said.

Idyia stepped up between us, looking out over the small group of assembled guests. "My daughter asked that I keep this brief, so I shall. We are here to witness the joining of Viscount Balthazar Abaddon and my daughter Medea. They have built and overcome much together in such a short time. I have seen their resolve tested and unshaken time again. This union has my blessing."

I nearly staggered backwards, inhaling sharply as I felt a force of divine power wash over me. Across from me, Medea's eyelids fluttered as she gasped. She'd experienced the same thing.

"Balthazar," Idyia continued before I could wholly wrap my head around what had just happened. "Do you have any words you wish to share?"

I swallowed, nervous. I hadn't prepared any vows or speeches. In hindsight, I really should have, but I didn't have much warning here.

Taking a deep breath, I decided to just speak from the heart.

"Medea, I truly do not know where I would be without you. I know I say it a lot, but it's the truth. I expended a life's worth of power for the chance to meet you, not knowing what I would find. I have never, and will never do anything as impactful to my life as that one decision. You gave me a home. You helped me defend that home. You've helped me in more ways than I can name or thank you for. I cannot express how grateful I am to you for your presence, nor how deeply I care for you. You mean more to me than I thought it was possible for anyone or anything to matter. I'd be lost without you. The fact you chose me makes me the luckiest man in any world."

Idyia had the barest hint of a smile on her face when she turned to Medea. "Daughter?"

"I'd be nothing without you." Medea said, deadly serious. "Both figuratively and literally. I would have died without you, left alone with nothing. I would have scattered into nothing but an idea, forever cursed to repeat the same mistakes that led me to ruin and pain in my first life. You freed me from that unending cycle. You gave me a home. Set me free. Trusted me to build our future in my own way. I will never betray that trust. You are what I spent two lifetimes searching for. I have never known such true joy or contentment as I feel at your side. Now that I have found you, I will never let you go."

Idyia waited a moment before speaking again. "If any of you have any reason to believe these two should not be wed, speak now and prepare yourself to face my wrath."

I blinked, eyes briefly flicking to Idyia as I heard an unexpected take on that particular line. The Knowing Goddess was glaring at every person in the clearing, eyes glowing with the unrestrained might of the sea.

When no one spoke up, Idyia smiled. "Then since we need not trouble ourselves with the exchanging of rings," Idyia looked pointedly at the rings on mine and Medea's left ring finger. "I hereby declare this couple wed. Balthazar, your bride."

Medea tore her veil off her head, thoughtlessly tossing her bouquet to the side as she pounced on me. Our lips crashed together. Medea's arms wound tight around me.

When Medea came up for air, I smiled down at her. "It's official now. Welcome to the family, Lady Abaddon."

Medea froze. Her breathing slowly accelerated as a fierce hunger illuminated her eyes.

"Aqua." Medea said, voice lashing out like the crack of a whip. "Do it now."

Aqua had a bright, amused smile on her face as she raised an eyebrow at Medea. "I thought you said to wait until after the reception."

"The reception can wait an hour. Entertain our guests until then. Now, Aqua." Medea repeated, a trace of fury leaking into her voice.

Aqua laughed. In a flash of light, her Keyblade appeared in her hand. "Have fun you two!" She stabbed her Keyblade forward and twisted it.

A dark keyhole opened up behind me, sucking me towards it like a vacuum. Instinctively, I began to step away from its pull when Medea slammed into me, claiming my lips with her own and pulling me through the Keyhole with her.

We spilled out of the keyhole onto a ground of fluffy white vapor. Before I could orient myself, Medea landed atop me, crushing me with her weight as she reigned kisses down on me. My lips, my cheeks, my ears, my neck – she attacked them all.

Gasping, I was only able to get out, "Where…?"

Medea shook her head as she pulled away, pulling down the front of her gown to let her chest spill free. "Later. Love me now."

She made a very compelling argument.

My hands found her back, pushing her down towards me so I could claim her nipple with my mouth. Medea moaned, arcing her back into me as I sucked and lightly nibbled her flesh. Her hands grasped downward, hastily undoing buttons to throw open my coat, vest and shirt. She panted running her hands over my flesh as I attacked her other breast.

Medea reached down with fumbling hands, undoing my belt and pulling my shaft free. I was already rock hard. This woman did things to me.

Medea guided me under her dress, eyes closed, panting as I felt her line me up with her slit.

I halted my assault on her breasts, looking up at her. "Are you ready? Do you need me to–" I sucked in a breath as I felt her slide down onto me, her walls crushing me. Impossibly warm. Impossibly wet.

Medea sighed as she slowly took my full length inside her. She opened her eyes, gently placing a hand on my cheek. "All I ever need is you." she said softly, leaning down to claim my lips once more.

My hand found the back of her neck, holding her against me as I deepened our kiss. My other hand found her waist, keeping her exactly where I needed her.

Medea moaned against my lips, slowly raising herself up only to fall back down. I worked in tandem with her rhythm, thrusting up to meet her as she fell down.

Medea's kisses turned desperate as she hastened her pace, working her hips while keeping her chest pressed against mine so she could kiss me.

My hands slid down her back to cup her perfect butt, leveraging her down into me again and again. I was already starting to lose myself. I wouldn't last much longer.

"I love you." I panted in between kisses.

Medea tightened down on me like a vice as the words left my mouth. She pulled back from our kiss, eyes frantic and wild as they bored into my own. "I love you, Balthazar. I love you, husband. You're mine."

My hand rose back to the back of her neck, pulling her down into a kiss. Reaching for our mental connection, I said, 'I love you, Medea Abaddon. I'm never letting you go.'

Medea tightened around me again. She moaned into my lips, pressing herself down into me. 'Call me that again!' she demanded into my mind.

'You're my wife now, Medea Abaddon.' I stressed in her mind. 'I'm going to make you the happiest woman in any world.'

"I'm your wife." Medea panted, pulling away to stare into my eyes, hips slamming down into mine with wild abandon.

"You're my wife." I agreed.

She groaned, throwing her head back and closing her eyes. "I love you, Balthazar. I need you. Give me everything!"

If her pace was wild before, now it was frantic, unhinged, as if she was trying to drain everything I had. I wasn't going to last long.

I reached up, wrapping my arms around her and rolling us to the side. Medea threw her head back and moaned as I fell atop her, immediately thrusting into her with desperation.

"I…" My words were lost in a groan as I bottomed out inside her and lost myself. I felt her walls tightened down like a vice, sucking out everything I had.

Medea's legs instantly locked around me, holding me against her. She pulled me down atop her and claimed my lips.

When we were finally spent, we lay there for many long minutes, catching our breath and holding each other close. I tried to shift to the side so my weight was no longer on top of her, but Medea wouldn't let me. She kept me right where she wanted me.

When we were both breathing normally, Medea finally let me go. I laid down next to her, idly running a hand through her hair. She stared into my eyes, a contented smile on her face.

Her features twisted unpleasantly as she said, "I suppose we'll need to be getting back soon."

I chuckled. "We did kind of ditch our guests."

"They can wait a minute more." Medea shifted closer, snuggling into me.

I closed my eyes, humming contentedly. "I love you, Medea."

Medea lightly slapped my chest. "Stop saying that or I won't let you leave here for at least three hours. It's hard enough for me to concentrate on getting back as it is."

I bit back a laugh, instead asking. "Where is 'here'?" I ran my hand over the cloudlike mist behind Medea that we were laying in. It parted around my hand, but still felt impossibly solid.

"I'm sure you've heard the story of Jack and the Beanstalk." Medea said. "We're in one version of the castle in the clouds. The giant and Jack both have been dead for hundreds of years. This place is now our honeymoon destination. Aqua helped me find it."

"That would explain why it felt like we were laying in the clouds." We were laying in the clouds. "This is a fantastic honeymoon destination. Thank you, Medea."

Medea groaned, face scrunching up irritably. "Stop saying my name too. I can't take it right now."

I gently ran my fingers over her back, tracing her spine. "Maybe we should keep our guests waiting a little longer."

"No." Medea denied, shoving herself away from me and pulling up the front of her dress, casting several minor spells to straighten out her gown and clean herself. "We go back now and get the socializing over with. Once we're done, we come back here and don't leave for at least twelve hours."

I sat up behind her, wrapping my arms around her and planting a kiss on her temple. "I'll hold you to that." I stood and put myself back together, casting spells to fix myself up.

Once we were both ready, I opened a Hole to bring us back to the party. We endured a fair amount of quips and jabs from the assembled guests, but neither I nor Medea minded.

We mingled for about an hour, accepting congratulations and making polite conversation. As the party began to get into full swing and the drinks flowed faster than was advisable, Medea and I took our leave, returning to our sanctuary in the clouds.

We spent the night in the castle. Neither of us slept a wink.
Last edited: Mar 23, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,260 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Mar 22, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 42
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Mar 28, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,513
I was expecting to have to submit a fair amount of paperwork now that I was married. I'd expected that officially making Medea Lady Abaddon would require some leg work on my part.

Turns out, I was wrong. Since the marriage was an affair of the Abaddon family, the Abaddon family, namely me, got to decide what the end result of it was.

Said end result? There was now a new member of the Abaddon family in the form of my new bride. I declared Medea to be Lady of the House, so she was Lady of the House. I didn't need to do anything else.

Which was good. I really didn't feel like doing anything today. Medea and I slept in late, lying in bed cuddling as we enjoyed each other's company. We likely would have stayed like that all day if my phone hadn't rang. Traitorous machine.

Grumbling, I rolled over and retrieved my phone from where it rested on the bedside table. Medea made an unhappy sound, scooting after me to cuddle into my back.

"Hello?" I answered, trying not to let my irritation show in my voice.

"I know you just got married and you're probably trying to enjoy honeymoon activities, but I need your help." Serafall said, sounding apologetic.

"Does it have to be me?"

"Unless there's someone else who can bring me to Baator so I can meet with Dispatar, yes." Serafall said, sceptical.

Was she already trying to open negotiations with him? I'd expected her to wait longer. I could have sent Aqua in my place to act as Serafall's taxi service, but the full breadth of Aqua's capabilities were still a secret only my peerage and Idyia were privy to. I'd rather not give up just how powerful her Keyblade was for something as trivial as my own laziness.

Sighing, I said, "Give me half-an-hour and I'll meet you in your office. Does that work?"

"That works fine. I'll see you in a bit." Serafall hung up.

I sighed again, letting my arm fall heavily to the mattress. My phone fell from my hand and clattered on the floor. I didn't get up to retrieve it.

I turned over, wrapping an arm around Medea and closing my eyes. "Did you hear that?"

She let out an affirmative hum.

"I'm sorry. I was hoping to spend all day here with you, but I don't think we should put this off. The sooner we work something out with Faerun's devils, the better."

Medea moaned irritably, letting out a sigh as she said, "I know. Unfortunate as the timing is, I'm glad we're official now. With how busy we've been, I can't help but think there would always be something else, an excuse to hold things off for later."

Smiling, I leaned down to give her a quick kiss. "I'm glad too."

Medea hummed happily, cuddling into me. Moments later, she sighed. "I suppose we should start getting ready."

"We?"

Medea sat up, letting the sheets fall off her shoulders to reveal her half-naked body.

She fixed me with a serious look. "We can't expect you will always be able to act as Serafall's transportation. Aqua could fill in, but I'd rather not ask that of her. Aside from the two of you and perhaps Shang Tsung if supplied with sufficient power, I am the only other option to negotiate with these other devils on short notice." She held up her left hand, emphasizing the ring on her finger. The ring didn't let her transport others with her when she traveled between worlds, but it did practically allow her to wander with impunity so long as she minded how she used the ring's charges.

"You don't have to come today. I can take you there later so you'll be able to travel back if you'd rather rest. I know you didn't get much sleep last night."

Medea smiled, amused. "And whose fault is that?" She scooted next to me to pull me into a hug. "Thank you, Balthazar, but I'd rather spend the day with my husband than sitting around in our castle waiting for you to return."

My heart thudded faster when she said the word 'husband'. I swallowed a lump in my throat. I still wasn't used to hearing her say that, but damn if I wasn't thrilled to hear it.

"Okay," I agreed. "Let's get dressed and meet Serafall."

Medea's smile turned into a mischievous grin. "You told her you'd meet her in half-an-hour…"

"I did."

Medea pounced on me, pushing me back onto the bed. "We have time for one more round."


X


Medea and I entered Serafall's office just over forty minutes after I'd spoken to her on the phone. I hadn't given Serafall a specific time, but it was clear she was waiting for us.

Sitting on the edge of her desk with her arms crossed over her chest, staring at the wall, Serafall looked up as we entered. She raised an eyebrow as when she saw Medea with me. "I was going to ask what kept you, but I think it's pretty obvious now."

Medea bowed her head shallowly, a content smile on her face. "Forgive the tardiness, Lady Leviathan. I was helping my husband prepare for the day."

Serafall waved her off. "Don't apologize. I'm the one imposing on you both the day after you were married. If I thought this could wait, I wouldn't have called. And I thought I told you to call me Serafall?"

"My wife will be accompanying us if that's alright." I said. "Capable witch that she is, she's figured out a way to travel to the same places I can go. The drawback to her method is that she can only transport herself."

"Should the need arise, I will be able to act as an emissary to facilitate rapid communication." Medea added.

Serafall fixed Medea with a considering expression. "Good to know. Now!" She pushed off her desk, straightening out the dark skirt she wore. "I think it's time we got this over with. Ajuka is standing by in case there are any problems. I want you to pull us away if they try any funny business, but I don't expect they'll try anything in an initial meeting. The sooner we sort things out, the sooner you two can go back to enjoying your honeymoon. I apologize again for dragging you away."

"I get it. This needs to happen." I said, understanding. "Let's just move things along. Did you want to go straight back to Avernus or were you thinking something else?"

"Can you bring us back to Cyvis's house?" Serafall asked. "I want to try and find Virexa to see if she can set up a meeting with Dispatar. There's only so much you can do between intermediaries. That, and if we jump right in, we risk them thinking we're attacking them. I'd rather go through what proper channels are available to me."

"To Cyvis's house then." A Hole opened in the center of the room. Serafall walked through first. Medea and I followed behind her.

I frowned as I entered Cyvis's office. The room was empty, dark. Cyvis wasn't here. I reached out for my connection to my warlocks, following the faint pull of two threads on my demonic power through the house. I walked down the stairs and turned down a hall. My warlocks were close.

I opened a door, stepping into a great dining room with a long wooden table. Four chairs stood along either side with a single at the head and foot of the table. Four sets of enchanted armor I recognized to be Shang Tsung's work stood sentinel around the room, stationed along each wall.

Cyvis and Vellia stood at the foot of the table, their backs to me as they studied a map laid across the table. There were two people I didn't recognize standing with them.

The first was barely able to see over the table, a dwarf male with acorn hair wearing a leather apron with tools dangling from a belt around his waist. The second was tall, a male human with dark hair. The human wore sturdy silver armor, rugged from years of prolonged use. A triangular shield was affixed to his back; a sword was sheathed at his waist.

The dwarf was the first to notice us, eyes narrowing suspiciously as he took a few steps away from us, nudging Vellia's arm as he slipped behind her.

Vellia looked up in confusion, eyes widening as she saw us. Vellia hastily fell to a knee, bowing her head. "My lord,"

Cyvis looked up and quickly fell into a curtsy. "My lord, it is an honor to see you again."

"Sorry to barge in like this again. We need to speak to…Alaine." I finished slowly, looking over the other two figures in the room. I didn't want to name drop Virexa while there were unknowns around, but I also didn't want to drag this out longer than necessary. It was clear Cyvis and Vellia were in the middle of something and I was interrupting their work. The sooner I was out of their hair, the better.

"Alaine is currently guarding the mine you visited me at before, my lord." Vellia said, unmoving from her position.

"I'm sorry," the dwarf said, still eyeing us with suspicion. "Who's this?"

"Our benefactor." Cyvis said simply.

"I didn't know we wasn't working for you." the dwarf said, sounding upset.

"You do not work for me. I work exclusively with Vellia and Cyvis." I said, hoping to limit the damage I was doing to my warlock's dealings.

I really should have knocked. Better yet, I needed to stop just teleporting directly into Cyvis's house. She and Vellia had their own lives to live. They didn't want me trouncing in and demanding their attention whenever I felt like it. They shouldn't have to worry about me randomly teleporting in front of them at any given moment.

"Their benefactor?" the human said, watching me with open interest. His eyes slowly tracked over Medea and Serafall before returning to me like he was sorting pieces of a puzzle. I felt the faintest pulse of power gather around the human. His eyes widened and he inhaled sharply before carefully schooling his expression.

I didn't like the way the human was watching us, nor the weird display I'd just witnessed. I watched him for a moment longer, but he didn't give any other sign that there was anything out of the ordinary. He returned his attention to the map on the table and completely ignored us.

Was that a bead of sweat on his brow?

Unimportant. I needed to get out of my warlock's hair.

Deciding to let it go, I turned back to Cyvis. "I didn't mean to interrupt. Thank you for your help. I'll try not to barge in like this next time."

"Please don't feel hesitant to approach us, my lord." Cyvis said quickly. "We are honored by your every visit."

"As Cyvis said. We are at your service." Vellia agreed.

"I appreciate that, but I'll try to be a little less abrasive in the future. I'll see you both later." I motioned Serafall and Medea back through the door. I closed it behind us, then walked down the hall a ways before opening a Hole, not wanting the human or the dwarf to witness my power.

We emerged at a tree line with clear visibility of the mine where Serafall and I had met Vellia when we'd come here with Ajuka.

"There." Medea pointed out an individual standing in front of a large tent.

Leather armor adorned the dark-haired form of the illusory body Virexa met us in the last time we were here. She was angrily conversing with two miners, pointing towards the mine and seemingly chastising them. She paused mid-shout, tilting her head inquisitively. Slowly, she turned, eyes scanning her surroundings until they found the treeline, slowly tracking along until she saw us.

I pursed my lips. "We really need to figure out how they're able to sense us so we can block it."

"I will work on the problem once we have completed our purpose here." Medea said assuringly.

"Thanks."

Serafall, Medea and I silently watched as Virexa left the miners she'd been scolding forgotten behind her, swiftly marching over the dirt to reach our position. She stopped a few feet away and knelt.

"Greetings, lord and ladies." Virexa said.

"Please stand. Showing deference to us here could potentially create problems for my warlocks." I said quickly, looking over Virexa's shoulder at the many miners not-so-subtly watching our interaction. I said a mental apology to my warlocks once more. I didn't mean to mess up what they were working on here. I'd need to do something to apologize and make it up to them.

"Of course," Virexa acquiesced easily, returning to her feet, though she kept her gaze directed at our boots. "My lord, may I request an introduction to your new companion?"

As I opened my mouth to introduce her, Medea stepped forward, running an appraising eye over Virexa.

"I am Medea Abaddon." Medea said with authority. "Lady of the House of Abaddon and Balthazar's wife."

Virexa briefly fell into a deeper bow directed towards Medea. "It is an honor to meet you, my lady. Viscount Abaddon is fortunate to have a bride so stunning and strong as yourself."

"While the flattery is appreciated," Serafall said, sliding in front of Medea. "We are here on business. I understand it is short notice, but I was hoping to arrange a meeting with your lord. If he is occupied with other matters, I am amenable to waiting or scheduling a meeting at a later date."

"I do not believe that will be necessary, my lady. My lord Dispatar has given me specific instructions to inform him the moment you requested a meeting. He is willing to clear his schedule to meet with you. If you will allow me a moment to inform him of your presence?"

"Please," Serafall said.

A flaming parchment appeared in Virexa's hand. She scribbled a quick note on it before it disappeared in a flash of flame. A moment later, a smaller document wreathed in golden flame appeared before her.

Smiling, Virexa held it out to Serafall. "My lord would be pleased to speak with you at your earliest convenience. May I show you the way to his home?"

"That would be appreciated." Serafall said with a nod.

"If I may," I said. "Could we move out of sight of my warlock's employees before we depart? I'm afraid they'll already have plenty of gossiping to do without seeing a group of devils flying off."

"Of course, my lord." Virexa said, stepping between the trees, into the woods to obscure us from the nosy miners' sight. "Forgive me if I was unclear. We will not need to fly to Dis. Leaving Baator is a challenge even for the erinyes. Returning?" Virexa grinned, lines of bright orange fire spread around her, tracing into a large, circular pentagram. "That is as simple as walking home. With your permission, my lady?"

At Serafall's nod, Virexa raised her arms. Fire poured forth from the pentagram beneath her, swallowing the surroundings until all I could see was flame. Just as soon as it appeared, it was banished. The forest around us was gone. Instead, we stood in a bustling square. The ground beneath us was made from dark metal. Buildings rose all around, forged from dark iron and jagged metals. Devils walked openly on the street around us. Some were tall with wings and horns. Others were little more than blobs of muck, sloughing along the ground as stronger devils ordered them on.

Activity around us halted as we appeared. Every devil in the vicinity turned to observe us, some hissing in fear as they hastily averted their eyes.

Virexa took a step forward and turned back to us, bowing at the waist. The illusion she wore unravelled, revealing her dark horns and feathered wings as she smiled proudly mid-bow. "It is my great pleasure to welcome you to Dis. Lord Dispatar extends his greetings and his protection. While within the city, you are to be treated as honored guests."

Serafall nodded. "We thank your lord for his hospitality and look forward to meeting with him."

Virexa rose from her bow. "If you would follow me, I will lead you to where Lord Dispatar awaits your audience." She began walking down the street at a sedate pace. She basked in the jealous, shocked gazes of the other devils in the street. A soft chuckle escaped her lips as devils parted around her to make a path for Virexa and her entourage.

I was a little out of my depth here, so I followed Serafall's lead, walking behind Virexa and looking straight ahead.

Virexa began pointing out points of interest as we passed them – a famous weaponsmith, a reputable slavepen dealing in exotic 'products', a brothel that boasted the greatest courtesans in Dis. Serafall was the perfect tourist, showing a keen interest in every location no matter how shocking or strange.

Throughout our stroll through Dis, a large, thin tower stood tall on the horizon, raised upright like a tube of iron stabbed into the ground. We continued to walk closer and closer to the tower, yet it seemed to remain just as far away as it was the last time I'd seen it.

It was likely another spatial effect like we encountered in Avernus. I couldn't say I was surprised, but I wasn't exactly thrilled either. If the local devils could manipulate the space of this realm, it might prove difficult to fight our way out.

Not that I expected that to be necessary, but it didn't hurt to be ready for it all the same.

I looked to the side as Virexa pointed out a menagerie holding monsters captured from across the multiverse. When I turned back to the direction we'd been walking, I was shocked to see a massive dark tower of iron less than one-hundred feet away.

"Finally," Virexa said, excitement creeping into her voice. "I present to you the Iron Tower, the home of my lord, the center of power in the Second."

"It is impressive." Serafall said, looking up at the tower. I noticed a touch of genuine praise in her demeanor. "I can feel the power coursing through this tower. Your lord must certainly be proud of his home."

Virexa beamed. "That he is. The corridors can be confusing to strangers. Please remain close to me as I lead you to my lord's throne room. He will receive you there."

There was no door in sight that would grant access to the tower. That did not deter Virexa. She walked straight towards the tower. When she was just a foot away, there was a great lurching sound as a rectangular panel of the tower swung inward to allow her inside.

Serafall, Medea and I followed Virexa into the tower, heeding her warning as we stayed close to her while she navigated maze-like corridors that snaked back on themselves and staircases that led up only to bring you lower than where you started.

The interior of the tower was a headache. It would be a nightmare to assault it. Part of me wondered if that was why Virexa was taking us the long way, to show us just how well-defended and powerful her lord was to construct such a home. Or, perhaps she was just proud of the tower. She continued pointing out interesting trophies or rooms, chatting happily about the history of each trinket and bauble.

I lost track of it after she pointed out a sapling that was supposedly borne of one of the first trees to bloom in Elysium, stolen during some ancient war with the heavens. The other treasures were similarly strange.

After walking for what felt like an hour, but weirdly also only three minutes, we arrived at a set of iron double doors. Torchlight from sconces on the walls cast dancing shadows on the walls as Virexa turned to face us.

"Beyond these doors lie my lord's throne room. He is awaiting your presence within. I would ask that you remain here until my lord calls for you to enter. I will announce you, then he will call you to enter." Virexa explained. After a moment, she spun around and pushed open the double doors.

The dull roar of conversation could be heard the moment the doors opened, but it was instantly snuffed out as Virexa entered. The only sound was the thunk of her heavy metal boots against the floor as she walked. Dispatar was not alone in the throne room. There was a crowd sizeable enough for many quiet conversations to contribute to a cacophony of noise.

"Address him as Lord Dispatar, but don't call him 'my lord'." Serafall said under her breath, barely able to be heard. She wasn't looking at us. Her lips didn't even seem to move as she spoke, and I felt a trace of magic in the air. She was preventing anyone or anything from listening in on what she was saying.

"Be respectful, but do not show deference." Serafall continued. "We're here as equals hoping to make a mutually satisfactory arrangement with a foreign power. We are not a lesser nation here to submit ourselves as vassals or seek their favor. Follow my lead. Only speak if they address you specifically, and keep your answers brief. I'll do the heavy lifting."

I wasn't stressed out about this meeting until this very moment. Intellectually, I understood I was going to meet an archdevil. It only really registered just how pants-shittingly terrifying that prospect was when I was standing on the threshold.

This was Dispatar. Right hand of Asmodeus. Hoarder of knowledge from times forgotten by history. A devil praised for his long-term plans and schemes whose entire race excelled in schemes. This being was legendary.

Medea slowly laced her fingers through mine, squeezing my hand comfortingly.

I looked down at her to find her smiling warmly up at me.

And just like that, all of my anxiety melted away.

I may be about to meet Dispatar, but I was accompanied by my wife, one of the greatest witches in history and Serafall Leviathan, the strongest female devil in my Hell.

'Thank you.' I said through mine and Medea's shared mental connection. She must have felt me freaking out through our bond and reached out to comfort me.

'Of course. Let's give these devils a show they'll never forget.' she said back.

"My lord!" Virexa's voice called from within the chamber, loud and filled with authority. "As ordered, I have escorted three guests to your illustrious throne. I present Satan Serafall Leviathan, Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, and Lady Medea Abaddon."

"Bid them enter." a sinister voice spoke quietly, yet the voice carried to every ear in the vicinity without difficulty. It was as if the tower itself carried the man's words.

"Follow me." Serafall said, an air of formal confidence about her.

Serafall pushed open the nearly closed doors and strode into the throne room, back straight and walking with sure steps. Medea and I flanked her, eyes fixed straight ahead as we crossed a gauntlet of prying eyes.

Dispatar's throne room was a circular chamber supported by iron pillars. Devils were scattered all around the room. There were a few devils of ice lurking behind pillars.

A single large, hulking devil stood to the right, naked save for a loincloth and belt with a large iron mace dangling from it. Red skin and powerful muscles covered in armored hide. Towering wings were cradled close to the creature's back. Short horns grew from its head at a sharp angle before terminating in sharp tips. If my guess was right, that was a pit fiend, the strongest of the devils that weren't archdevils themselves.

Still, the vast majority of the devils in the room were not made of ice, and there was only one pit fiend.

No, the majority were other erinyes, sporting wings of varying sizes and colors. Some had horns, others wore elaborate crowns or helmets fashioned to look like horns. Some wore armor and were laden with weapons. Others wore formal attire. A scant few wore just enough to cover their sensitive areas but no more. All watched intently as we passed. Many darted glares at Virexa where she knelt at the foot of a set of three steps.

A circular platform of iron rose with each step, ending at a circular platform with a terrible, dark iron throne atop it. A tall man sat upright in the chair. Horns curled up from his forehead. Skin colored like dull iron glowed in the soft firelight of the chamber. A single cloven hoof rested on the floor in place of his left foot. A staff was held relaxed in his right hand, forged from dark metal wound in two cords joining at the top where two viper heads met.

Dispatar, Lord of Dis, smiled expectantly as we grew closer.

"Lord Dispatar," Serafall greeted, stopping a few feet shy of the steps. "Thank you for agreeing to meet with us on such short notice."

"Of course." Dispatar said. "It is a pleasure to finally speak to you, Satan Serafall Leviathan."

"Satan Leviathan will suffice." Serafall said formally.

Dispatar smiled, amused, and nodded shallowly. "Satan Leviathan then. Welcome to my home. I trust the journey was pleasant?"

"It was. I appreciated the opportunity to explore your home. It is different from our own in many ways, yet similar in others. I believe there are many ways we can help one-another."

"I'm glad to hear it. I've looked forward to this meeting. Your people are a mystery. I have scoured records predating the rise of mortals, yet found no trace of any mention of you. Tell me, Satan Leviathan, where do you come from? How did you come to be here?" Dispatar implored, sitting forward in his seat as he stared intently down at Serafall.

"To discuss how we came here, I would require a private audience. The method is sensitive and should not be spread around." Serafall said apologetically. "I am, however, willing to freely speak of the where."

Serafall slowly raised her arms, wordlessly watching Dispatar as she began to cast a spell. At Dispatar's nod, Serafall hastened her casting. A great illusion rose in the center of the chamber, drawing all eyes to it. It was a projection of our home, our Hell, scaled down to provide little more than a brief look at the space as a whole. You couldn't make out any detail in the projection.

"As I said, our home is similar to your own, though it holds many distinct differences." Serafall explained patiently. "Unlike your Baator, there is only one layer of our Hell, ruled by the Four Great Satans. I am the Satan in charge of our foreign relations. Satan Ajuka Beelzebub, who visited Avernus with me, is in charge of our research and technology. Alongside two others, we rule our single layer of Hell. There are several slight exceptions to this rule where space is stretched or compressed into structures resembling different layers, but there is only one true layer. Like your home, our own is connected to a mortal plane, though a different one. There is no Faerun in our mortal world. No Sword Coast."

I repressed a smile. When we'd returned from retrieving Serafall's warlock, she pulled me into a room with her warlock for close to an hour, receiving a crash course on Faerun and Baator in preparation for meeting with Dispatar. I'd only explained things once, but Serafall clearly retained most if not all of it. She was far more intelligent than people gave her credit for. That was probably because of her Magical Girl obsession. Maybe that was all an act to throw people off their rhythm?

…No. Her obsession wasn't fake. I'd seen the evidence of that first-hand. She just happened to also be incredibly competent.

Whispers filled the room in the wake of Serafall's words. Dispatar silenced them all with a simple raising of his hand.

"A different mortal plane, you say? How interesting." The Lord of Dis intoned, eyes fixed on the illusion Serafall displayed, analyzing it. "If there are mortals in your home, why come to our mortal plane to create your warlocks?"

Serafall maintained a perfectly composed, professional smile as she accepted the question. It was a good thing she was running point on this. I wouldn't have known what to say without making us seem weak.

"Initially, it was an accident." Serafall explained. She motioned to me, standing at her side. "Viscount Abaddon attempted to create a contract with a mortal here the way we do in our home. The contract registered with the impressive systems you have created to facilitate the creation of warlocks and bound them in a pact. The next two warlocks we contracted were to test if such an accident could be replicated. While we contract with the mortals of our world, we do not have a direct comparison to your warlock contracts. We were intrigued."

Again, furious whispers spread throughout the room, silenced with a glare from Dispatar.

"You are unable to create warlocks independent of our systems?" Dispatar said, frowning.

Serafall smiled warmly. "We have not seen the need for several hundred years. Our greatest mind created something we have used almost exclusively ever since. We still create contracts with mortal mages to facilitate the increase of our power, but we have not needed warlocks for centuries."

"'Your greatest mind'," Dispatar quoted with a curious expression. "Would I be correct in guessing that Satan Beelzebub was the creator of this…creation?"

Serafall grinned. "You would be correct in your assumption. As to the creation itself, if you would permit it, Lord Dispatar, I have brought you a gift, a token of our thanks for your willingness to deal with us and a symbol of the boons our two peoples will reap from cooperating into the future."

Dispatar's eyes were shining, lips pulled into a wicked grin. "I graciously accept."

With a flick of her wrist, fifteen red chess pieces glowing with infernal power appeared in the air in front of her, floating lazily through the air. Serafall raised her voice, speaking to Dispatar, but addressing the whole room. "These are Evil Pieces, created by Satan Beelzebub centuries ago. Each piece is capable of fully reincarnating a living being, a recently dead corpse, or an undead entity into a devil bound to the service of the piece's owner. Different from your own method of creating new devils, the reincarnated target retains their prior form and power, allowing a dragon to become a devil while still maintaining its draconic form and power."

More whispering broke out through the room, cutting off as Serafall continued.

"Each piece amplifies the strength of those who receive the piece. As I am sure you've noticed, the pieces are modelled after pieces from the mortal game of chess. Each piece grants power corresponding to its piece. Rooks increase strength. Knights increase speed. Bishops increase magical power. Queens enhance everything. Pawns grant a minor bonus to everything while granting the power to promote into other pieces for a brief period of time."

"How complete is this reincarnation? How strong will the reincarnated devil be?" Dispatar asked inquisitively, eyes fixed on the floating chess pieces in front of Serafall.

Serafall grinned. "Every reincarnation is complete. The increase in the reincarnated devil's power is directly proportional to the strength of the devil holding the Evil Pieces themself and the original strength of the creature being reincarnated. If you desire an example of the effectiveness of the Evil Pieces, I present Lady Abaddon." Serafall said, dramatically motioning towards Medea.

Many devils gasped as all eyes turned towards Medea. Medea stood tall, weathering the attention without so much as an uncomfortable shuffle.

Serafall now openly addressed the room, turning her eyes from Dispatar for the first time since we entered. "Lady Abaddon was born to a goddess and a demigod. Her mother is the daughter of a Titan. Medea's ancestry is thick with power. Viscount Abaddon reincarnated her with his Queen piece and later took her as his wife. Viscount Abaddon is an extremely powerful devil. His Queen piece enhanced Lady Abaddon's already considerable power to the level you now see before you."

"I ask you, Lord Dispatar," Serafall said, returning her attention to the Lord atop his throne. "Was there any indication Lady Abaddon was anything other than a pureblooded devil?"

Dispatar's eyes were narrow, staring intently at Medea. Slowly, he shook his head. "There is no sign she is anything other than a powerful devil duchess. Only with your prompting am I able to sense a faint trace of lingering divinity about her. Thank you for entertaining my concerns, Satan Leviathan."

"Think nothing of it, Lord Dispatar." Serafall said, an easy smile on her face. "I am here to facilitate cooperation between our two peoples. I would be a poor envoy indeed if I did not address your concerns."

Serafall turned to Medea and I, motioning for us to stay where we were. She approached the steps leading up to Dispatar's throne, stopping at the bottom. "To continue with the gift I mentioned, my fellow Satans and I have decided to give you your own set of Evil Pieces, Lord Dispatar. I mean no disrespect, but in order to bind the Evil Pieces to you, I must approach and conduct a simple ritual. You have my word as Satan of my people that I hold no ill intentions towards you of any kind."

Dispatar watched Serafall for a moment. There was silence as the entire room waited on his word. Finally, he said, "Your word is appreciated, but unnecessary."

Dispatar stood from his throne and slowly descended the steps to meet Serafall. Each footfall shook the room. Even standing on even-footing, he towered over Serafall, standing seven feet tall. He looked down at the Satan with open interest. "If you wished harm upon me, there were far simpler ways you could have gone about it. Your actions and the actions of Viscount Abaddon thus far have granted you a measurable amount of my trust. I will accept your gift."

Serafall nodded respectfully. "Thank you, Lord Dispatar. This will only take a moment."

A glowing red ritual circle slowly expanded out from beneath Serafall to encompass Dispatar. The Lord of Dis hungrily took in every detail of the ritual circle as the Evil Pieces floating in front of Serafall drifted through the air to orbit around him.

Serafall clenched her fist. The circle and the pieces vanished.

That was far faster than when I received my Evil PIeces, but then again, Serafall probably helped Ajuka make the damn things. It made sense she'd be better at binding them to people than some random devil who worked for Ajuka.

Dispatar blinked for the first time since we'd entered the room. He raised his hand. A glowing red Pawn appeared between his thumb and index finger. "Remarkable." he said, inspecting the Pawn.

Serafall took a step back, a proud smile on her face as she said, "I am pleased you approve, Lord Dispatar. There are several points I must quickly go over regarding the piece's few limitations."

Dispatar nodded for her to continue, still inspecting the Evil Piece in his hand.

"While Viscount Abaddon was able to reincarnate Lady Abaddon, Evil Pieces are unable to reincarnate fully divine beings. True gods cannot be reincarnated. Similarly, if a creature is far more powerful than the devil owner of the Evil Piece, a situation I doubt you shall ever encounter personally, the Evil Piece will be unable to reincarnate that individual. As with chess, each Evil PIece has a metaphysical value attached to it. Some pieces are able to reincarnate stronger beings, with the Queen being able to reincarnate the strongest and the Pawns reincarnating the weakest. You can, however, use multiple pieces of the same kind to reincarnate someone stronger. Two Pawns, for instance, could be used on a single individual to reincarnate a being too strong for a single Pawn."

"Leading to fewer servants, but servants of greater quality." Dispatar commented, turning to look at Serafall.

Serafall nodded. "Correct."

"Aside from the divine, are there further limitations on creatures that cannot be reincarnated?" Dispatar asked.

"No. The only other limiting factor is the strength of the devil holding the PIeces."

Dispatar frowned. "Your explanation confuses me. Are the pieces capable of reincarnating beings that are already devils into devils?"

Grinning, Serafall said, "Yes. In our home, being accepted into a lord's peerage carries immense respect. Lesser devils work tirelessly to earn the attention and favor of lords in the hope of earning a place in that lord's peerage."

Several audible gasps sounded around the room. A fury of conversation filled the room, far louder than the whispers from before.

"Silence!" Dispatar barked, voice echoing like a thunderclap. "All of you leave us. Virexa, remain behind."

Devils immediately shuffled from the room, throwing last, desperate glances at myself, Medea, Serafall and the Evil PIece in Dispatar's hand.

When the room was empty and the great iron double doors clapped shut, Dispatar banished the Pawn in his hand, turning to Serafall. "You required privacy to discuss how you were able to venture from your home to Baator. You now have it. I ask again: How were you able to complete this journey?"

Serafall's smile fell. She was silent for a moment before speaking again. "Many devils in our home possess powers passed down through their bloodline. One such Clan Trait facilitated our arrival here."

Dispatar's eyes slid away from Serafall, landing squarely on me. "I would assume it is your power, Viscount Abaddon? In every report of foreign devils arriving here, you are always present."

As much as I wanted to look to Serafall for guidance, I didn't dare break eye-contact with Dispatar. He'd already figured it out, not that it was really all that hard to do, so denying it would only insult him and potentially harm the relationship Serafall was building.

"It is my power, Lord Dispatar." I said, sounding far more confident than I felt.

"We are genuine in our desire to work favorably to our mutual benefit, Lord Dispatar." Serafall cut in, lips in a hard line. "However, should any action be taken against Viscount Abaddon, Lady Abaddon or their subordinates, we will cease all cooperation immediately."

Dispatar nodded. "I am not so foolish as to risk the boons you offer with short-sighted blunderings. I will ensure my less intelligent underlings are suitably reigned in to prevent a misunderstanding."

"Good," Serafall's smile returned. "Then I look forward to a mutually beneficial future."

"As do I." Dispatar said. "You and those under you are free, of course, to continue using our systems to make warlocks as you please. The contracts strengthen Baator as a byproduct of being made. This is a paltry thing. What else would you desire from Baator?"

"At present, our only goal is establishing a relationship with Baator." Serafall said. "Matters back home require our immediate attention, but we wish to continue working with you. My fellow Satans will need to be notified about the result of this meeting. Following that, I will be able to more clearly outline what we wish from Baator."

Dispatar smiled. "In that case, may I suggest an exchange of envoys? I would like to send one of my servants back with you to better understand how Baator can help you. In exchange, I would be happy to host one of your own people here in my tower. They will be offered the opportunity to learn all they can of Baator and, more specifically, my layer of Dis."

Serafall considered for a moment. "That would be amenable, Lord Dispatar. If you will permit it, could we depart momentarily and return with my envoy?"

"Of course." Dispatar said. He waved a hand, and I felt as if pressure I hadn't been aware of was suddenly gone from my shoulders. "You are free to leave and return to my throne room."

"Thank you." Serafall said with a nod. "We will only be gone a few minutes." Serafall fixed me with a pointed look.

I opened a Hole. Medea, Serafall and I all walked through. Not knowing where else to take us, I'd brought us to Serafall's office. I figured she'd have the easiest time tracking down her envoy here.

Serafall looked around, realizing where she was. "Good. I'll be back in a second." She vanished in a flash of light.

I let out a long breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding. "I think that went pretty well considering all of the ways it could have gone terribly."

Medea nodded. "Dispatar appears eager to work with us. That, and your past interactions with Virexa, seem to have paved the way for a strong relationship."

Before I could comment further, Serafall reappeared, another person tagging along with her.

The devil looked young, but that didn't mean much when we were functionally immortal. He had brown hair and a warm expression on his face. He was dressed in a dark suit and held a suitcase in his right hand.

"Bal, meet Carter. Carter, Bal. I'd let you guys chat more, but we don't have time." Serafall said quickly. "Bal, take us back."

I opened another Hole, and we all walked through. Dispatar was quietly speaking to Virexa, still kneeling before him. As he saw us appear, he turned his full attention to us.

Serafall motioned to Carter. "Lord Dispatar, this is Baron Carter Uvall, younger brother of Count Treclan Uvall, Lord of the house of Uvall. He has worked with me for many years. He will serve well as our envoy."

Carter entered a deep bow directed towards Dispatar. "It is an honor to serve, my lord."

"It shall be my pleasure to host you." Dispatar said with a nod. He indicated Virexa. "Virexa shall serve as my envoy. She is knowledgeable about our home and has worked well with you in the past. I believe it would be beneficial for her to continue serving as our intermediary. Provided you approve, Satan Leviathan?"

"I have no complaints." Serafall said.

Smiling, Dispatar said, "Then we are agreed. I appreciate your visit, Satan Leviathan. It was pleasant to finally meet you. I look forward to our next meeting."

"I do as well, Lord Dispatar." Serafall said easily. "Thank you for your hospitality. I will be in contact soon."

Dispatar laid a hand on Carter's shoulder and guided him towards the double doors at the entrance to the room.

Sensing the meeting was over, I opened another Hole to Serafall's office. Serafall led Virexa through, then Medea and I followed.

Virexa looked around, taking in every detail of her new surroundings.

Serafall pulled me aside. "Thanks for your help, Bal." she said quietly. "Sorry I pulled you and Medea away. I'll take care of everything from here. If I need your help again, I'll give you a call."

"Happy to help. Take care." I said. I opened another Hole. Medea and I stepped through it.

The moment we were through, I fell face-first onto our bed, groaning.

I didn't really do much during that whole meeting, but just being there was exhausting. I didn't know how Serafall managed to do her job. Her secretary was right. She really needed a vacation. Maybe I could take her magical girl hunting sometime soon?

Medea laid down next to me and cuddled into my side. I rolled over so I could wrap an arm around her, pulling her into my chest.

Magical girl excursions could wait. I had a day's worth of cuddling and napping with my wife to catch up on.


X


A low rumble woke me up. I looked around, confused. The wards hadn't pinged anything, so why…?

An explosion had me jolting out of bed. Medea was on her feet a moment later.

A dozen magical screens showing the lands around the castle appeared around Medea. Magical barriers set into the grounds around our home were under assault from all sides. Explosions, lightning blasts, blades and more hammered against the shields. An amethyst mist spread all throughout the area, obscuring forms that shifted through it and caused Medea's scryings to flicker unnaturally.

Another explosion rocked the castle, held back by the barriers keeping us secure. On the ground, lumbering shapes made of crimson armor and twisting shadow tore through the barrier at the outer perimeter, sprinting towards the castle itself.

We were under attack.


Spoiler: Author's Note:
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Norego, TheGodofCheese, 1ll1lll1l and 1,294 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Mar 28, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 43
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Apr 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,676
Holes opened all around me.

I frowned. I'd been trying to create more but I couldn't. Whoever was attacking us had warded the area against teleportation. The only connections I could open were local ones within the effect itself and those that Aqua had locked open.

Most of the connections Aqua had locked open were to the castle itself. I could reach out beyond the castle to the connection she'd made for me to the Elemental Plane of Fire and my office building in Lucifaad. Everything else was locked. I'd need to talk to her about making more connections to random locations once we smashed whoever was stupid enough to attack my home.

"We're under attack." I said through the Holes. "Everyone gather in the main hall. I don't want anyone trying anything alone. We don't know who is hitting us or how well they've planned for us. Aqua, I want you to take Keno and go get help. Tell Serafall and Sairaorg what's happening. With luck, someone will be able to come immediately." I closed the Holes around me as I heard a sea of affirmatives.

Medea was glaring at the screens in front of her, furious. "You will not take my home from me." she practically growled.

The crimson armors and twisted shadows were only a hundred feet away from the outer walls of the castle and growing closer.

Medea closed her fist.

On the screens, I watched as the ground exploded beneath our attackers, scattering fragments of red armor and vicious shadowstuff all over. A cacophony of screeches and clacking bones rose up in the silence created by the explosion.

Violet skeletons, animated adamantine armors and dark stone golems charged out of tunnels around the entire perimeter of our castle, crashing into the stunned line of attackers like a tidal wave, tearing through everything in their path.

Dark tendrils like the tentacles of a gigantic kraken slowly extended from the castle walls and up from the earth around them. The tendrils lashed about, crushing any enemy forces that made it past our constructs.

Gleaming gemstones set into the exterior walls of the castle illuminated. Beams of multicolored light shot forth from the gems, magical spells raining down like sustained machine gun fire, showing no sign of slowing as the rear lines of the approaching force were mowed down without mercy.

"That will buy us some time." Medea said, intently focused on the scrying screens in front of her. She hissed, frustrated as the images on several screens fizzled into nothing. Any time she focused too closely on the amethyst mist coating the grounds and sky around the castle, her scryings failed.

Shadows coalesced around her as dozens of spectral cats and ravens dove through the nearest window, flooding out to serve as her eyes and ears where her scryings failed.

"We need to regroup with the others." I said, opening a Hole next to us.

With one last furious look out the window, Medea stormed through the Hole. I followed behind her.

Several members of my peerage were already waiting for us. Shiroe frantically looked over screens, some fizzling into nothing the same way Medea's had.

"They're everywhere." Shiroe breathed, a spark of fear leaking into his voice.

"No matter how well they prepared to attack us," Medea cut in, voice full of fury. "They are not ready to face what lies in wait for them. They won't even breach our walls."

"We need to get out there, master." Coal said, staring at me impatiently. "They're blocking teleportation and scrying somehow. Let me hunt down the ones responsible so we have control of the battlefield again."

"I'm not sending anyone anywhere alone." I said. "We're well-prepared to defend ourselves, but I won't let them pick us off one-by-one."

A droplet of water fell from the ceiling.

I summoned magical shields around myself and my peerage, turning to face the ceiling. There were no water features here.

A vortex of water spun into being above us, slowly descending.

Medea laid a hand on my shoulder, pushing my arm down. I let my defensive spells fade away as I recognized Idyia, Thetis and Circe appearing as the water scattered. A massive silver dragon fell to the ground next to them, grunting.

"They have struck my lake as well." Idyia said clinically.

Frowning, I said, "We don't have the numbers to split up that far."

Idyia smiled, vicious. "Thetis and I will be more than sufficient to keep them at bay. Attacking two sea goddesses in a lake? I wouldn't have expected such foolishness. Forgive me, but we must leave now to deal with them."

I nodded. "Go."

"Wait!"

We all turned to find Irene running down the hall, a thick bundle held against her chest. Unhappy wailing filled the room as two small arms reached up, grasping.

Irene stopped in front of Idyia, holding her daughter out to the goddess. "I can't protect her and fight at the same time. Keep her safe for me. Please."

Idyia nodded seriously, taking the screaming child with great care. "No harm shall befall her while I still live." Idyia turned to me. "Contact me if the situation here requires my assistance." Idyia's form shimmered, losing substance as she faded into a puddle.

Thetis stepped forward and placed a kiss on Achilles's forehead. I felt a metaphysical hum fill the air as she blessed him.

"Fight well, my son. I will not allow you to leave me again." Thetis said, eyes locked on his. After a moment, she scattered into a splash of water like Idyia before her.

More explosions outside shook the foundations of the castle.

"Master, I need to get out there." Coal demanded.

I took a short breath, forcing the anger at someone brazenly attacking my home down so I could think clearly. "Circe, are you going back with Idyia?"

Circe shook her head. "Anankos and I shall help you here."

Good. That made things easier.

I turned back to Coal. "Take Circe and Anankos," I hope I hadn't butchered that name, but I didn't have time to worry about it. "See if you can get a better idea of what we're facing here and shut down whatever they're using to block teleportation and scrying if you can. Stay together and protect each other."

A small thrush made of spectral green energy flew away from Circe to land on Medea's shoulder.

"I will communicate to you through that familiar." Circe said, already following Coal towards the doors at the end of the hall. "Keep us updated on anything new you learn."

"Wait!" Shiroe called out, but Coal wasn't listening, already sprinting towards the door.

Cursing under his breath, Shiroe hastily summoned a dozen magical circles into the air around him. A rainbow of energy fell across everyone in the room as Shiroe empowered everyone with enhancement magic. I felt my muscles bulge and my mana swell in the wake of his spell.

Coal hadn't seemed to even notice the spells, throwing the doors open and leaping into the air, changing into his full serpentine body as he took to the sky. Anankos was a second behind him, leaping off the ground on powerful limbs and flapping his great wings, pausing only to allow Circe to sit astride his back.

Through the door, I could make out the barrier beyond our walls under assault from all manner of spells and attacks. The dull roar of clashing weapons and strikes against metal and bone told the tale of fierce battle on the ground between our constructs and whatever the hell those shadow creatures and red armored beasts were. The doors slowly shut.

"Achilles, Matatabi," I said, focusing back on the immediate problem before us. "I want you two to patrol the ground. Try to figure out what those creatures are and see if you can find if there is a general coordinating them. Watch each other's backs."

Matatabi leapt off the table she'd sat upon to land on Achilles's shoulder, winding her body around his neck until she was securely fastened.

Achilles hefted his spear in a brief salute. "They'll regret their decision to attack us." Without another word, he spun and was gone, body becoming a blur as he moved faster than I'd ever seen him. I could only make out a bronze smudge as he dashed away.

"What about us, my lord?" Shang Tsung asked. Mothra watched me intently from atop his head.

"Mothra is our best healer. I want you to stay with her to cover her in case anyone gets hurt. Otherwise, keep them outside the castle's walls. I don't know how they're getting through the barrier, but there will likely be a stronger force hitting us soon."

I turned to Medea. "With that teleportation block up, I can't coordinate as effectively as normal. I need you in charge of that."

Medea nodded. "I will handle things from here. I have already attached a familiar to everyone's shadow."

I nodded. "Good. Shiroe, Irene, come with me." I led my Bishops through a Hole.

Irene was the first to join me, hovering in the air above my castle. Shiroe staggered a moment before catching himself on his wings. Together, we took in the battle around us.

A dome of crimson energy separated the castle from the worst of the attack, but the barrier was failing, flickering and cracking under the incessant assault.

Spells rained down against the barrier from all sides. The grounds around the castle were surrounded by cloaked figures floating in the air. Figures made from pure fire, frost, water and air drifted between the cloaked figures, blasting the barrier with elemental power. Feminine shapes covered in feathers swept past the barrier, slashing their claws down into its surface with each pass. It wouldn't hold much longer.

It was hard to make out exactly how many attackers we were facing. That damn mist was everywhere. It had somehow made its way past the barrier and was even covering parts of the castle, though it was much thinner inside the barrier than it was beyond.

On the ground, skeletons, animated armors and golems duelled with soldiers of crimson rock and twisted creatures forged from shadow. At present, our forces were overwhelming the attackers, but I could see more of the enemy force marshalling beyond the barrier. Small groups periodically managed to get through somehow, but the magical turrets of the gemstones in the castle walls mowed them down before they could get too close.

Those gem turrets Medea had lining every square foot of the castle were a lifesaver. Whoever was controlling this force would see that and hopefully keep their main force back to avoid sending them into a blender, buying us time to figure out what to do.

Coal and Anankos flew past the front of the castle. Coal opened his maw and unleashed a torrent of flame, disintegrating a group of harpies that somehow managed to make it through the barrier.

"Elementals, mages and harpies." I said aloud, glaring. "Boreas." This was almost the exact same force he'd arrayed to murder Magdaran, Latia and i before.

A shadow stretched out of my shirt, briefly forming into a raven. "I will search for him." Medea's voice said. "The mist will make it difficult to find him. Be prepared for other dangerous individuals to be obscured by it. I have only been able to find weaker opponents so far." The raven scattered, its shadow flowing back down my shirt.

"What should we do, Balthazar?" Shiroe asked, looking around anxiously, though there was a fierce determination in his eyes.

"The barrier won't last long." I said plainly, watching as a section of the crimson barrier flickered once more. "When it falls, we bombard anything that moves. Aim out beyond the range of the castle's defenses. Let the others deal with what makes it past us and closer to the castle, but we annihilate everything along the perimeter. Understood?"

Irene grinned, an evil light sparking to life in her eyes. I could have sworn her teeth sharpened into fangs and a trace of smoke puffed out of her mouth as she said, "Gladly."

As if on cue, a section of the barrier shattered inward under the force of a great lightning strike. The rest of the barrier unraveled as the effect rippled along its surface.

Triumphant shouts and roars rose up from all directions as the floating mages, monsters and elementals charged through the now open area.

Holes opened around the entire perimeter of the castle. Mages screamed as elemental fire turned them to ash. Shadowy monsters screeched as explosions of demonic power punched them apart. Harpies wailed their death cries as enchanted spears and daggers rained down upon them.

Shiroe raised his arms, shaking under the effort.

As the enemy ground forces began to charge, twisting electric blue vines rose up from the grounds, biting into them and restricting the first wave of troops around the entire perimeter of the castle.

A Hole opened over the vine as I fired a knife out to cut the thorns.

Every creature caught in Shiroe's web wailed as electrical energy turned their insides into mush.

Irene laughed.

Sparing her a quick glance, I saw her hair and limbs were all alight with orange fire. She threw her arms up towards the sky. The dark clouds above rumbled, adopting a dangerous orange hue.

Balls of fire rained down from the sky like hail. Mages hastily erected barriers above them to save themselves only to be blasted from the side as Irene carefully picked targets with weaker, directed spells while her greater magic fell from the sky.

We were decimating the ranks of our enemy. At least, we were.

That damned mist condensed, withdrawing from the castle to fully cover the approaching force, obscuring them from sight. We continued firing spells into the mist, but it was almost like the spells were sent elsewhere the moment they entered the mist. It pissed me off.

This must be how people feel when I catch their spell in a Hole and move about unphased.

Irene abandoned launching spells by hand, diverting all her focus to unleashing hellfire rain. Airborne targets were knocked from the sky, falling dead into the mist as they were struck by her rain. It was very effective.

A cold front seemed to strike from nowhere, dropping the temperature by forty degrees.

The orange clouds Irene was cultivating above froze as if coated in permafrost. Light snow began to fall in place of fire. I'd never seen Irene so enraged as she was that moment after having her spell co-opted and scattered.

"Medea, tell Coal and Achilles to find whatever is making this mist and have them deal with it now." I ordered through grit teeth.

We continued launching spells at what we could see, but any of our attacks that struck the mist were less than useless, as if we hadn't even cast them.

All the while, the mist grew steadily closer, so thick as to hide any number of nasty surprises.


X


"Well done, son!" Coal yelled proudly as Anankos tore a harpy in two with his claws. "Make sure you don't let them surround you. Harpies are small and weak. Break them quickly and move on."

Coal reared his head back and unleashed a torrent of dragonfire, burning a trio of air elementals to nothing.

"Do not tire yourself too quickly, my son." Circe calmly lectured as she blasted a mage with a dark curse that flayed his skin. "There are still many enemies around us."

Coal grunted in irritation, looking down at their surroundings as his tail coiled and lashed out, bisecting another harpy. "This mist is a problem."

Circe let out a displeased sound, surveying the field below.

Medea's skeletons tore into shadowy beasts, dispatching many before being consumed by an unending tide. Shang Tsung's armors crushed crimson lumbering forms only to be crushed by three more. The quality of the defenders was far superior to the attackers. But the attackers seemed without end. Unless they could find the source of the mist and soldiers, this battle would be difficult to end.

"We'll need to…" Circe trailed off, looking up as the orange sky turned white. Snow fell all around.

Circe's eyes narrowed. It couldn't be. Unless…?

"What's wrong?" Coal asked, voice distorted by the mage he was chewing between his teeth. Clenching his jaws, he popped the mage's head, then spat the lifeless body out to fall to the ground.

"Boreas is not the only great power on the field." Circe said, eyes serious. "Follow me."

Anankos roared, following Circe's direction higher into the sky towards the pure white clouds.

Coal let out an eager shout, moments behind his son.


X


Achilles cut down another of the red monsters, an afterthought as he bolted around the battlefield.

"We need to find where the mist is coming from." he said, punching his shield into a mage's neck. He heard a crack. The mage fell limp as he sped away.

Matatabi snarled unhappily from where she was secured about his neck. "I can't smell. I can't hear. I can't see. It's blocking everything."

Achilles frowned beneath his helmet. That was a bit of a problem. Achilles had no idea what he was looking for. Despite his status as a legend, he was out of his depth where magic was concerned. In his new life, that wasn't a very big problem considering the great skill of those in Balthazar's peerage, but even they weren't sure what was happening right now.

"Down!" Matatabi hissed.

Achilles grunted as Matatabi rapidly grew to the size of a panther, pulling him backwards. They fell in a tangle of bronze armor and flaming fur, rolling across the ground as their momentum carried them forward. Both managed to find their feet, grinding to a halt as they turned to face the threat Matatabi had sensed.

Achilles watched through narrowed eyes as the point of a spear retracted from the ground, pulling away to disappear back into the mist. If Matatabi hadn't pulled him to the side, that spear would have struck him in the left ankle.

"So this is the great Achilles!" a mocking voice taunted. Achilles could just barely make out the outline of a man slowly walking out of the mist. "Greek legend lauded as one of the greatest warriors to ever live!"

The man was in full view now. He wore a dark hoodie and sweatpants. Dark, unkept hair fell erratically around his head. He wore no armor, carried no weapons. The only thing on his person was a small, golden apple held in his palm.

"I'm disappointed." the man said, taking an obnoxiously loud bite of his apple. Golden juice spilled down his chin. He distractedly wiped the juice away with the sleeve of his hoodie before tossing the apple over his shoulder.

Matatabi growled, pouncing on a large, lumbering red monster approaching from behind. She rapidly grew to her full, enormous height as more and more monsters of red armor and shadow flooded towards them out of the mist. Matatabi beat them apart with her tails. She sundered them with her claws and fangs. Azure fire slagged them into the ground.

The castle's defenses screamed to life, raining multicolored rays of light down onto the approaching enemy. Dark tendrils of shadow rose from the ground to bind the monsters and pull them apart, but there were just so many. For every one that was destroyed, there were five more charging out of the mist.

How were there so many of these things?

Achilles didn't turn his attention away from the man in front of him. His instincts warned him the man was dangerous before he casually discarded a divine apple no Greek would be able to mistake. Achilles wasn't sure what he was facing, but he knew it was important that he deal with it swiftly.

Achilles's muscles tensed. The next moment, he launched himself towards the man, spear reaching. His spear let out a shrill ringing sound as for the first time since Achilles had held the weapon, the point failed to pierce its target.

The man grinned at Achilles, his features quickly hidden by a flash of gold, leaving a sturdy golden helmet with flared horns. It matched the rest of him. His lazy clothing was gone. Radiant armor of golden scales hugged his body close.

"Come, Achilles," the man taunted, voice far deeper than it was before. Achilles watched as a long, snaking neck sprouted from the armor at the man's back. The neck ended in a dragon head with razor-sharp teeth, glaring hatefully at Achilles. Another grew, looking over the man's other shoulder. Then another. Then another.

Achilles took a cautious step backwards as ten dragon heads loomed over him, all sprouting from the man's back.

"Let's see which legend is greater!" the man called.

Snarling, three heads lashed out towards Achilles. Achilles easily sidestepped them. He tossed his spear into the air, drawing his sword to make three quick slashes before sheathing it again. He caught his spear and danced away as two more heads struck at him.

Three severed dragon heads lay on the ground, leaking golden ichor.

The man nodded appreciatively, holding his chin as he looked down at the severed heads. "Not bad, Achilles. I guess you're not all hot air after all. That's better." A great tearing sound assaulted Achilles's ears as three more heads grew from the man's back to replace those Achilles had just severed. "Killing you will mean a lot more if you really are everything people seem to think. No one is going to want to fuck with Achilles's bane."

Achilles dashed to the side, avoiding the grasping fangs of two more dragon heads. Immediately, four more charged towards him from all different directions. Achilles charged into one, shoulder-charging its neck and rolling down its flesh. His shield bashed another head to the side while he stuck his spear clean through another.

If severing the heads just caused others to grow back, what would happen if Achilles just killed the head and left it attached?

The heads ceased their attempts to bite him, instead caging him in from all sides, wrapping their scaled necks around him to trap him. Achilles was pulled backwards as the man in the armor ran backwards.

The amethyst mist behind him, until now slowly encroaching, rapidly expanded, hastily covering both the man and Achilles himself.

Achilles's sword flashed, severing four heads to cut himself free. Achilles sprinted away from the mist in the direction of the castle.

He made no progress.

The landscape did not change. He was surrounded by an absence of color on all sides. Darks and greys were the only break from the endless amethyst mist.

Laughter echoed all around him.

"Too bad," the man's mocking voice assaulted Achilles's ears. He sauntered out of the mist back into Achilles's sight. The heads Achilles severed had grown back. The head he'd stabbed his spear through had fallen away from the armor. It too was replaced by a functioning head.

"You have no idea what you're up against, do you? You might have had a chance if you hadn't let yourself get caught, but now you're fucked." the man taunted.


X


Matatabi roared, hurling blue fire all around her to slag her enemies into nothing.

The tiny creatures weren't a threat to her, but there were so many of them. No matter how many she tore apart, more emerged from the mist to replace them.

Matatabi frowned, sniffing at the air. Achilles's scent was gone.

Matatabi's eyes widened as she looked back and saw the demigod had disappeared. In his place was only mist.

"Achilles!" she roared, stomping on three more creatures as she leapt to where she'd last seen him. She sniffed around. His scent was in the area, but he was gone.

"You need to keep better track of your toys."

Matatabi spun around, claws already reaching.

A heavy paw beat hers aside as a massive weight crashed into her. Matatabi howled as sharp fangs sunk into her back.

Matatabi flared her fire, burning the mouth of whatever dared mar her. She bucked and rolled, tossing the creature away.

Matatabi rolled to her feet, tails flared threateningly behind her. She lowered her chin to the ground as she hissed threateningly.

Across from her, a large monster slowly stood, wiping blood from its mouth. The creature had the body of a great lion with massive wings extending from its lower body.

Matatabi's eyes narrowed. A sphinx.

"You attacked us." Matatabi said, voice low and dangerous.

The sphinx scoffed, slowly stalking around her. "Your King has fashioned a supernatural monopoly around himself. He didn't care how many he drove out of business with his immense greed and thirst for more. The market requires competition to thrive. His presence eradicates competition, spitting in the face of commerce. I will take my compensation from his home, and use its riches to restart the great trade empire his foolishness destroyed. Caruna Trading and its many worthy competitors will rise to prominence again."

"I don't care why you're here." Matatabi said, a growl creeping into her voice. "You attacked us. You die."

The sphinx barked out a short laugh. It opened its mouth to reply, only to squeal, its eyes going wide in shock as Matatabi pounced.

The sphinx rolled as Matatabi fell atop it. They traded blows with their claws. Matatabi flared her fire, scoring deep burns into the sphinx's underbelly.

The sphinx screeched. Blue energy gathered around its body.

Matatabi was blasted away as a magical circle struck her with the force of a speeding truck. Matatabi crushed many red monsters as she rolled to a stop. She smacked a few shadow monsters with her tails for good measure.

The sphinx huffed, standing up and dusting itself off. "You certainly act like the beast you appear to be. We could be far more civilized about this, but you insist on–"

"Die." Matatabi snarled, maw opening wide. A single point of pure darkness opened between her jaws, quickly swelling, growing as large as Matatabi herself.

"What are you–" the sphinx's cry was cut off as Matatabi roared, launching the Tailed Beast Bomb forward.

A magical sphere flashed to life in front of the sphinx protectively. Matatabi's Tailed Beast Bomb smashed through it like it wasn't even there.

The sphinx was too close to dodge now. The bomb stuck it in the side as it turned to flee. The sphinx's dying screech was swallowed by a titanic boom as the bomb detonated, blasting the sphinx apart.

Matatabi snarled, furiously unleashing another Tailed Beast Bomb into a group of red creatures, then another into shadow monsters.

When all the enemies around her had been blasted away, Matatabi rushed back to where she'd last seen Achilles.

What happened to him?


X


All ten dragon heads emerging from the man's back launched forward.

Achilles spun between them, hacking and slashing with his sword, no longer caring if he cut them off so long as it got him closer to his opponent. He carved his way close enough to the man to strike, flipping his spear around to smack the man in the side of the head with the weapon's haft. Stabbing hadn't worked, so Achilles would try bludgeoning.

The man's head snapped to the side. He staggered under the force of the blow.

Achilles followed, not giving the man a chase to breathe as he continued smacking him around with the haft of his spear and the shield on his arm, using the spear like a bowstaff.

More dragon heads grew from the man's back, curling around to strike at Achilles, to drive him away and give the man a chance to recover.

Achilles smacked the dragon heads away too, leaving them battered and present so long as he stayed close enough to attack the man who kept regenerating them.

Achilles's eyes caught a glint, metal flashing towards him.

Achilles rolled back away from his opponent as a spear point stabbed into the ground where his left heel had been an instant ago. The elongated spear retracted back into the mist before Achilles could do anything.

Achilles dashed into the mist where the spearpoint disappeared, finding nothing. When he turned back around, his opponent was tossing two golden apples away. Both had bites taken out of them.

The man's helmet was gone, allowing him to eat a piece of the apples. Achilles could see his furious expression a moment before the helmet returned.

"Now," the man growled as his helmet flashed back to cover his head. "I'm going to fucking murder you!" All ten dragons stretched towards Achilles.

Achilles dashed between them as easily as the first time, severing some heads, rolling around others. Once more, he closed the distance to his opponent, slamming his shield into the golden helmet of his enemy.

The man staggered back. Achilles took the opening to sweep his legs out from under him, causing him to fall haphazardly to the ground, half-resting on severed dragon necks.

Achilles drove his spear downward. A great ringing sound shook the space as the point made contact with the golden scales protecting the man's neck and was halted. Achilles pushed down with all his strength.

The scales groaned and gave a millimeter.

Achilles leapt backwards, narrowly avoiding a spearpoint aimed at his right ankle. Once more, the spear disappeared into the mist before Achilles could react.

"You're losing, Jeremy." a new voice said, disappointment coloring its tone. "I've brought backup."

"Fuck you!" the man in golden armor, Jeremy, snarled as he sat upright, clutching his throat where Achilles's spear nearly punctured his armor. "I don't need your help."

"You do. I will not allow Achilles back onto the field because you failed your self-appointed task." the mysterious voice in the mist said.

The mists condensed a short distance away from Achilles. Achilles raised his shield, preparing to fight. What he saw shocked him.

The first shape was inconsequential. Brown hair and worn leather armor. He was almost forgettable.

No, it was the second figure that stilled Achilles's rapidly beating heart.

A figure in dark bronze armor stepped forth from the mist, armed with a spear and shield. The armor was Greek, of a very specific design that Achilles recognized. How could he not?

Achilles died in that armor.

"Patrick, Perseus," the mysterious voice in the mist said again. "Help Jeremy kill him."

Achilles's eyes narrowed, looking at the brown-haired man in a new light.

Perseus? Could it really be…?

Achilles rolled to the side, his idle ponderings forgotten as the same spearpoint from before struck from the mist, narrowly missing his right ankle. The spear retracted rapidly, but Achilles was ready this time. He grabbed the point of the spear with his left hand, hauling it back. A weight on the other end shifted. Achilles heard someone staggering towards him.

That was all he accomplished before he was forced to move.

Achilles dropped the spear, ducking beneath another as the man wearing his old armor stabbed towards him with another spear.

Achilles knocked the spear aside, countering too fast for the specter in his armor to match.

Achilles's spear heavily impacted a shield, appearing in a flash of green light on Perseus's arm.

A gorgon's head glared hatefully at Achilles from the surface of the shield. Achilles could have sworn he heard light hissing in the air.

Jeremy was on his feet. New dragon heads curled around his back, forming a halo of scales around him.

"Fucking bastard!" Jeremy yelled, enraged. He opened his mouth. At the same time, each of the ten dragon heads opened their mouths. Golden fire spilled forth from all eleven mouths, lighting the amethyst space with brilliant gold.

Achilles crouched behind his shield, weathering the attack. He was forced to roll to the side as the spear once more struck from the mist.

The man in his armor, Patrick, was quick to follow up on Achilles before he could recover his balance.

Rather than strike with his spear or slam into Achilles with his sword, Patrick dropped both weapons and tackled Achilles, sending both men flying backwards.

Achilles's back hit the ground hard, but he didn't even feel the impact. He let go of his spear to guard his face as Patrick began raining punches down on him.

Patrick slammed his shoulder down into Achilles's chest. His helmeted head was an inch away from Achilles's own.

"Trust me." Patrick whispered.

Achilles froze, fist half-raised to deliver a punch to Patrick's throat.

That voice… Why was it so familiar? Why did it sound like…?

Patrick pulled a dagger from somewhere unseen. Achilles braced to deflect it when Patrick turned the blade on himself, slicing into his own shoulder.

Patrick let out a pained shout, falling backwards off Achilles, frantically scrambling away.

Perseus moved in to cover Patrick's retreat, forcing Achilles to roll away from a shield punched towards his head.

Achilles spun around and lashed out with a kick, sending Perseus tumbling away.

"Get me out!" Patrick yelled, cradling his cut shoulder. Blood splattered the group as he tried to put pressure on the wound.

The mist condensed ahead of him, slowly creeping towards him.

Patrick stood, unbothered by the deep gash in his arm. His helmet vanished in a flash of bronze light as he frantically waved towards Achilles.

"Achilles! To me!"

Time froze.

Achilles measured moments in heartbeats. Dark hair slowly fell down around olive skin, freed from the helmet that held it up. Achilles beheld a face he thought he'd never see again.

Without thinking, Achilles was on his feet, dashing so fast as to be a blur. He collided with the man, wrapping his arms around him into a crushing hug.

Patroclus. It was Patroclus.

A thousand questions whirred through Achilles's mind. He had no time to ask any of them.

Patroclus's arms closed tightly around Achilles. Achilles was pulled backwards, staggering along behind Patroclus as Patroclus dragged Achilles into the thick mist.

They stepped free of the mist. Achilles looked around. He was no longer trapped in that strange space. He was back in front of Castle Abaddon. A short distance away, Matatabi breathed fire into a group of attackers.

Patroclus's hand fell onto Achilles's shoulder, shaking him from his stupor. Patroclus's expression was serious. "It's good to see you, but we don't have time. Boreas hired Sacred Gear holders to attack you. That was Dimension Lost. It's how we snuck up on you and how they're blocking your scrying. I can explain more but… Move!"

Patroclus shoved Achilles backwards.

That same, blasted spear shot from the mist, barely missing Achilles's calf. It was retracted back into the mist in a moment. Patroclus's helmet reappeared in a flash of bronze as footsteps approached.

"Patrick, Patrick, Patrick," Jeremy mocked, shaking his head as he emerged from the mist. "You really shouldn't have– Gck!"

Whatever else Jeremy was going to say was lost as Patroclus charged him, punching him in the face. When Jeremy threw a clumsy hook to counterattack, Patroclus caught it and locked his arm in place.

"The armor doesn't cover where the heads emerge from!" Patroclus shouted, staring at Achilles over Jeremy's shoulder. "Hit him there!"

Achilles was on his feet in a moment. His spear was gone. Maybe it was still trapped in the mist, maybe it was on the ground somewhere. It didn't matter. There was no time.

Achilles drew his sword as he closed the distance, driving his sword into and through one of the coiled dragon's heads into Jeremy's back. Achilles felt the blade sink deep into the flesh of his foe. He twisted it and pulled upwards to open the wound.

Jeremy gasped, spasming as he tried to get away. A golden apple appeared in a shaking hand, shakily raising towards his mouth as his helmet vanished.

Patroclus slapped the apple away, pulling out a dagger and driving it into Jeremy's now exposed throat.

Jeremy's eyes unfocused. Achilles tore his sword free, allowing the dead man to tip backwards, falling heavily to the ground.

Patroclus put a hand on Achilles's arm, pulling him backward. "Stay away from the mist. That's how they trapped you before."

Crimson butterflies filled the air all around them.

Patroclus tensed, raising his dagger threateningly only to hesitate as Achilles laid a hand on his arm.

"Don't." Achilles said. "She's a friend."

The butterflies condensed into a vaguely feminine form. With a flash of light, Medea appeared.

"Matatabi, cover me. Destroy anything that comes near." Medea ordered, eyes fixed on Jeremy's slowly cooling corpse.

Roaring, Matatabi leapt over Medea, stomping crimson armors into dust as they moved to encircle her.

With a distracted flick of Medea's wrist, the earth collapsed beneath another group of armors as they tried to attack Matatabi's flank. Red armors were ground to dust as massive rocks shifted to bury them.

Medea knelt next to Jeremy's body. A wicked dagger shaped like a key appeared in her hand. She raised it up.

"Rule Breaker." she intoned, stabbing the knife into Jeremy's back.

Jeremy's body convulsed, spasming as light filled the area. Slowly, a golden apple covered in gleaming scales oozed from his back. Medea grabbed it and secreted it away in her robe.

Standing, Medea turned to fully face Patroclus, eyes narrowed. "You're coming with me. You're going to tell me everything you know about this attack."


X


A volcanic eruption claimed another shadow creature. A flaming skull sunk into another hulking red armor.

Shang Tsung couldn't fight the grin on his face as he blasted away the attacking creatures with wild abandon.

These insects thought they could attack his home and succeed?

Shang Tsung was delighting in proving them wrong.

Pointed chittering.

Shang Tsung looked up in the direction Mothra indicated. His smile turned positively shining.

A mage slunk through the edges of the mist, slowly creeping towards the wall.

"Another one. How fortuitous." he said.

A droning screech shook the air. Mothra quickly grew to her true size, flapping her wings aggressively.

The mage was blasted forward, unable to fight the current of air created by Mothra's passing. He stumbled right into Shang Tsung's waiting hand.

"Your soul is mine!" Shang Tsung hissed.

The mage screamed, desperately batting against Shang Tsung's grip as his lifestuff was sucked away. His struggles grew weaker until there was nothing but a wrinkled corpse where once had been a powerful mage.

Shang Tsung tossed the body aside, sending it atop the slowly growing pile at his side. Mages, harpies, elementals – this was quite the banquet.

Chiding chittering.

Shang Tsung let out an affronted huff as a rapidly shrinking moth flew down to land atop his head.

"I don't have to say it every time." Shang Tsung acquiesced. "But why should I not?"

Thoughtful fluttering.

"It is not repetitive!" Shang Tsung denied, blasting another harpy with a flaming skull.

Humming insistence.

"Well what would you say?" Shang Tsung demanded, summoning a volcano to engulf an entire line of approaching shadows.

The air was split by a screeching drone, boring through the ears into the mind.

An unlucky mage too far free of the mist clapped her hands over her ears, screaming as blood ran freely from her ears.

"And you call me repetitive!" Shang Tsung said, grabbing the female mage. "Your soul is mine!" Green energy rapidly siphoned from the mage into Shang Tsung. "I mean that's the only battle cry I've heard you give."

Smug shivering.

"It is not better!"

Shang Tsung blasted away another crimson armor, features twisted in irritation.

These fools came to destroy his home. Their souls would be his!

…And his catchphrase wasn't lame!

Fluttering doubt.


X


When Aqua emerged from her keyhole, she was greeted by chaos.

Mist covered the grounds all around the castle, slowly encroaching on the castle itself. Only the enchantments laid into every brick in the castle by Medea kept the mist at bay, blasting bolts of magical energy and gusts of wind to force it back.

On the ground, Medea and Shang Tsung's magical constructs battled with crimson golems, shadow creatures and elementals. Coal and Anankos flew through the sky, scorching harpies with their fire as they passed.

Above the castle, Shiroe and Irene struggled to dispatch mages approaching them from all sides. Balthazar flew around them, Holes rapidly opening around him to fire magical weapons into the harpies that got too close.

Once more, Medea's protections were their only saving grace. Only a pittance of the attacks sent by the enemy mages actually reached the three devils at the top of the castle, requiring them to erect barriers to defend themselves. The vast majority were absorbed by the castle itself either through automatic barriers or shadowy tendrils striking out to catch the hostile magic.

All the while, rainbow bolts of energy fired forth from the castle in all directions, showing no sign of slowing. Entire groups of mages were forced to hold protective barriers up to keep the gem turrets at bay while their comrades advanced.

Aqua couldn't help but feel she should have been faster, but she knew it was vital they sent out the call for help. She and Keno had notified Serafall Leviathan about what was happening. The Satan was currently gathering a force to teleport as close as they could then fly to support once they were here. For now, Aqua had brought what backup she could.

"Ladura! Go to the top of the castle. Protect the mages." Sairaorg issued orders to his peerage, surveying the battlefield around him. "Kuisha, take Misteeta and Corianna and report to Balthazar. Go where he needs you. Regulus, you and I are going to the opposite side of the castle from Matatabi to hold the ground."

The short, golden-haired man grinned, teeth sharpening into fangs. "After you, master."

Sairaorg spared a glance at Aqua, torn between staying with her and joining the fray. "Will you be okay here or…?"

"Go!" Aqua all but shouted.

Sairaorg needed no more encouragement. His peerage all scattered to the four winds, leaving Aqua and Keno alone in the sky.

Keno took a quick look around, frowning as her eyes fixed on Matatabi. "She's alone." Keno said.

Following her gaze, Aqua saw she was right. Bal wouldn't have sent her out there alone. Matatabi and whoever she was fighting with must have gotten separated in the chaos.

"You go back her up." Keno said. "You're more useful on the ground. I'll go join Irene and Shiroe. I'll do my best to cover you guys."

Aqua frowned, not liking having to split up with the vampire, but knowing it was likely the best choice.

Aqua reached out, tightly squeezing Keno's hand. "Stay safe."

Keno nodded seriously before turning around and flying to the top of the castle where Irene and Shiroe were raining spells down on any target they could see.

Aqua watched, waiting until Keno had safely met up with Irene before she dove down towards Matatabi.

As Aqua approached, her body shimmered into twelve identical Aquas. Each of her copies dove towards a different enemy. Aqua cut through red monsters with her keyblade. She blasted shadow creatures apart with light blasts and lightning bolts. She impaled mages with her sword.

One Aqua paused her slaughter long enough to check on Matatabi. "Are you alright?" she asked.

Matatabi spit out the head of one of those red creatures, sending a passing glance at Aqua. "I'm fine. Keep killing them." Matatabi leapt back into the fray.

Keyblade in one hand, sword in the other, shadows gathering around her, Aqua followed Matatabi into the fray.


X


This was awful. Balthazar's home was under attack. The force arrayed against him held the clear intent of killing him.

Why then, could Sairaorg not keep the grin from his face as he dove down to the ground? His friend's life was under threat, yet he was overwhelmed by an all-encompassing excitement that would not fade.

Sairaorg landed with a thundering boom, cratering the ground and crushing an earth elemental into dust beneath his boots.

A challenging feline roar shook the air as the golden form of Regulus landed a short distance away from Sairaorg, tearing a massive animated red armor the size of a truck to the ground. Regulus, swatted the downed monster with his paws, sending chunks of the thing flying in all directions.

Sairaorg looked up, grinning. He was nearly surrounded. Only the castle at his back was free of enemies. The ground exploded as shadows and more red abominations like the one Regulus tore apart charged towards him. Shadowy tendrils rose from the ground to tear them apart. Deadly magical rays rained down over his head to strike the approaching army. By all accounts, it should have been a slaughter. It wasn't.

Somehow, the enemy seemed endless. More and more emerged from the mist slowly creeping over the outer walls of castle Abaddon, uncaring as they watched the entire line in front of them blasted away by the castle's defenses. They charged without fear. Most fell to the same defenses. A scant few made it far enough to be torn apart by Regulus's claws or crushed by Sairaorg's touki-enhanced fists.

The mist began to recede.

Sairaorg's eyebrows furrowed as he crushed another ice elemental. "Regulus!" he called.

The golden lion leapt to his side in a moment. "What is it, master?"

"I don't know. Something's wrong." Sairaorg said, eyes narrowed.

The mist was surrounding the entire castle. Now the grounds were clearing. The mist was rapidly sucked away, pulled back to condense at a single point.

Directly in front of Sairaorg and Regulus.

All at once, the mist surged forward in a line. No longer was it reaching to surround the castle, merely streaming directly forward in a straight path to the castle. A path Sairaorg and Regulus were standing in.

"Move!" Sairaorg ordered. Together, he and Regulus leapt to the side, narrowly avoiding the lance-like approach of the mist.

The castle's gem turrets fired an unending stream of bolts into the mist to no effect. Shadow tendrils were scattered to nothing as the mist rolled over them. Moments before the mist reached the wall, a powerful crimson barrier sprung to life, holding the mist inches away from the wall.

"Master!" Regulus roared, leaping in front of Sairaorg to crush a lumbering earth elemental charging out of the mist.

Before, the enemy forces were spread all around the castle as they emerged to fight. Now, a tidal wave once spread to encircle the vast Castle Abbadon spilled forth from one channel directly towards Sairaorg and Regulus.

The gem turrets on the castle walls grew to an unending whine, firing so fast as to appear like lines of energy. Shadow tendrils sprung from the ground between Sairaorg and the approaching forces to slow their advance.

There were just too many of them. The turrets were able to keep up with their numbers when they were spread out. Condensed like this, they were only able to pick off the stragglers at the edge of the group.

Sairaorg fell into a fighting stance, letting out a short breath before stepping into an advancing red armor. He struck once with his fist before spinning to face the next opponent, then the next, then the next. Sariaorg lost himself in a sea of enemies, flowing between strikes, blocks and counters without thought.

A distant part of his mind noticed Matatabi's arrival. She on Sairaorg's left. Regulus to his right.

Aqua descended from the sky moments later. Seven copies of the woman flowing forward to act as distractions, quickly surrounded and destroyed.

The tide was unending. They needed to do something.

"Move!"

Sairaorg leapt backwards as the entire plain in front of him was consumed by fire.

Looking up, Sairaorg saw Balthazar and Irene descending together towards the mist. Balthazar's forehead was creased in concentration. Holes opened all around the condensed field of mist, unleashing fire so hot the air burned with its passing.

At his side, Irene's entire body was aflame. Her lips were pulled back in a fierce snarl. Sairaorg could have sworn he saw red and white scales growing out of the flesh around her eyes. She held her hands forward, blasting continuous streams of fire into the unending tide.

Sairaorg's eyes narrowed. He saw movement behind Balthazar. The mist was slinking up the barrier against the castle wall. The mist condensed. Sairaorg could have sworn he saw a shape moving in the mist.

Sairaorg's eyes widened as a grey shape leapt out of the mist towards Balthazar.

The air screamed in Sairaorg's ears as he leapt off the ground with touki-enhanced strength. He collided with the grey shape in mid-air, moments before it would have grabbed Balthazar from behind.

Sairaorg's weight slammed the figure back through the air. He quickly leaned back, narrowly avoiding the snap of a snake's fangs mere inches from his face.

Sairaorg settled into a defensive stance as he observed his opponent.

A woman in gold, black and green armor floated across from him, a snake's tail extending from her back and two curled horns crowned her head. A goat's head grew from one of her shoulders. A lion's head from the other.

A Sacred Gear. That much was obvious, but it wasn't one Sairaorg recognized.

'I'd know that Sacred Gear anywhere.' Regulus's forlorn voice spoke into Sairaorg's mind through their connection.

Sacred Gears were the leader of Heaven's gift to humans. Only those with human blood could possess them. Though Sairaorg was a devil, he'd cheated the Sacred Gear system by using his Evil Pieces reincarnating Regulus while he was free of the axe. By reincarnating Regulus himself into a devil, Sairaorg had bonded to him, making Sairaorg the lion's bonded Sacred Gear partner. They could communicate much like the White Dragon Emperor could speak to Albion.

'What is it?' Sairaorg asked.

'Tri-Beast Chimera.' Regulus said, a pained fury tainting his words. 'My sister's prison.'

Sairaorg's eyes narrowed. So this woman held the Sacred Gear Chimera was bound to? That was just one more reason to destroy her.

Sairaorg rocketed through the air towards his opponent.

The woman threw her head back and roared, the sound growing to shake the very air.

Sairaorg felt his equilibrium shift unnaturally.

Regulus roared into Sairaorg's mind, steadying him.

'My sister's jailor will not overcome you!' Regulus growled.

Sairaorg grinned as the woman staggered clumsily away from him, surprised her roar hadn't stunned him. She may possess a powerful Sacred Gear, but she was a poor fighter.

Sairaorg landed a punch in her midsection, following up with an elbow to the top of her head when she curled in on herself.

The woman's snake tail struck toward him.

Sairaorg caught it, holding it tight as he spun around hurling the woman back towards the castle.

The woman slammed into the crimson barrier inches from the castle walls.

Sairaorf was on her in a moment.

She struck towards Sairaorg with her fist. Sairaorg easily blocked the clumsy strike, countering with a blow to the woman's helmet where her temple would be.

The woman's head snapped to the side, dazed. Before she could recover, dark tendrils sprung from the castle walls, snapping around her limbs, holding her pinned in place.

Sairaorg's wings shot from his back as he floated away, leaving the woman pinned against the wall.

Sairaorg jolted in shock as another woman materialized from the shadow tendrils of the castle. Medea drifted in front of him, approaching the bound Sacred Gear holder.

The woman struggled futilely against the shadows binding her. Her struggles turned desperate as a dagger appeared in Medea's hand.

"Rule Breaker." Medea said, voice full of fury. She stabbed her dagger down into the armored woman's chest. The dagger passed through the armor like it wasn't there.

The woman screamed. The armor around her body dissolved, revealing the agonized features of a blonde woman with green eyes. Medea tore something from the woman's chest, a small bracelet styled to look like a snake body with one end terminating at a goat's head and the other ending in a lion's head.

The blonde woman went limp. The shadowy bindings released her, letting her body fall meatily to the ground below.

Medea secreted the bracelet away in her cloak as she looked up to meet Sairaorg's eyes.

"Thank you for coming." she said. "Please keep the perimeter secure. The mist will be dealt with shortly."

Medea flew swiftly past him. Aqua jolted in surprise as Medea's arms wrapped around her from behind. The two disappeared in a flash of violet light.

'What just happened?' Regulus asked in Sairaorg's mind. 'For a moment…I felt Chimera's presence.'

'I don't know.' Sairaorg replied, looking in the direction Medea had disappeared with a thoughtful expression on his face. His mind drifted to thoughts of Coal, free to roam the sky when history knew him to be trapped in Perfected State. Medea had taken something from the dead woman, hadn't she?

Sairaorg looked down at the battlefield. Despite the onslaught of the gem turrets and Irene and Balthazar's fire, the tide of red monsters and twisted shadows was unending. Some were still managing to slip through to charge towards the castle.

'We can investigate later.' Sairaorg decided. 'The battle demands our immediate attention.'

Regulus grunted. 'As you say, master.'

Sairaorg rolled his shoulders and cracked his knuckles before diving back into the fray.


X


Idyia gently rocked the slumbering baby in her arms, humming a gentle lullaby.

She adored children. New life always caused a surge of hope to well in her chest. Nothing would happen to this innocent child while she drew breath. Idyia had retreated to the deepest, most defensible level of her castle with the child, not allowing the babe out of her arms.

That didn't mean she was incapable of fighting.

Beyond the walls of her palace, the deep waters of the lake she'd created churned and roiled with fury.

Foolish water elementals thinking themselves safe from her power were rent apart as Idyia exerted control over their very bodies, shredding them into nothingness.

A contingent of mermaids thought to dive directly towards her castle. The corals buried around her home rapidly grew, extending spines and electrically charged tendrils to capture and drag them down to the razor-sharp corals.

Their screams were too far away to disturb the baby's sleep, but Idyia heard them echo through the water all the same.

Idyia would give their attackers credit. She would not have expected a kraken to make the journey through Hell. What meager respect she had for the kraken making the journey was lost when the foolish monster attempted to best Thetis in the water.

The monsters of old were terrors of the seas. The ocean's daughters prayed to the gods above to grant them swift flight away from the titans of the deep. Oceanids and Nereids alike feared to venture too deep or to certain locations for fear of what dwelled there.

The 'titans of the ocean' in modern days were horribly disappointing. How this kraken could ever compare itself to the likes of Charybdis, of Cero, of Phorcys was insulting to the struggle Idyia and her sisters had to face.

The kraken shrieked in pain as Thetis crushed the water down around it, magnifying the water pressure one-hundred fold. A coral spear flowed up into Thetis's waiting hand. She hurled the spear forward, accelerating it through the water as it lanced towards its target.

The Kraken mewled, falling to the side and drifting downward as the spear punctured its brain.

"I learned that from my son." Thetis said proudly, her voice reaching Idyia through the current they shared. "I taught him to sing one day, and he taught me to throw a spear like the great heroes of old."

"Impressive." Idyia said, an amused smile on her face. "My daughter once taught me to brew a potion capable of keeping your skin forever fair."

"She did? Could you make one for me?"

Idyia chuckled softly. "Once we are done here, it would be my pleasure. Please keep watch for any others foolish enough to strike us."

"I think that's the last of them." Thetis said. "The ones on the surface realized how stupid it is to challenge us and are heading back towards the castle. Should we go help them?"

"You may if you so desire, but I have sworn to protect this child. I will remain here. I have faith in my daughter and her husband." Idyia said calmly.

Thetis hummed doubtfully. "Faith is all well and good, but action is better. I will be heading back. There are others holding back. I will strike them from behind."

"Stay safe." Idyia said.

"You too, Idyia."

The water rippled as Thetis shot through it like a torpedo. A vortex opened in the deep, sucking her away.

Idyai sat in a cushioned chair, still gently rocking the child in her arms, shielding the innocent girl from all that may befall her.


X


Medea clinically listed off information Patroclus had willingly given her detailing the force arrayed against them, eyes far away as she looked through the eyes of many familiars simultaneously. Even with her exceptional multitasking skills, it was giving her a headache.

Each familiar recited her words to the rest of the peerage. All the while, Medea oversaw and, in some cases, manually operated the defenses she had built into her home brick by brick, spread around the castle grounds to defend their home from this invasion.

And invasion was certainly the right word.

Monsters, mages, Sacred Gears, constructs created by a Longinus Sacred Gear, a valkyrie, Gods. What could one call that but an invasion?

Medea was once more alone in the castle throne room. After pulling Aqua back into the castle, she directed Aqua to bring Achilles and Patroclus to the armory with her keyholes to rearm them. She'd need all of them in top form for what she was about to attempt.

Medea thought the unending tide of disposable magical constructs was strange. Patroclus had explained exactly what allowed their enemies to have an endless army.

A young boy sat safely sheltered within a pocket dimension created by Dimension Lost. That boy was using Annihilation Maker to create an infinite army that Boreas was hoping to use to whittle down their defenses.

Medea would be insulted at the clumsy attempt to defeat them if she wasn't so murderously angry. How dare they strike her in her home?

She was newly married. She should be lying in bed, sheltered by the homely embrace of her husband. She should be enjoying the passion of his love. But these worms thought to take that joy from her.

She would enjoy ripping each and every one of them apart. She would delight in tearing that irritating Sacred Gear out of the bastard who currently held it.

Medea blinked, staggering slightly as she finished relaying information through a dozen familiars at once. It was a touch disorienting, even for a witch as skilled as her.

She spent a moment catching her breath.

Medea hesitated to say anything good had come of this battle, especially while the battle still raged fiercely outside, but Medea couldn't help but want to thank Boreas for bringing so many delicious Sacred Gears to her doorstep.

A keyhole appeared in the space in front of Medea. Aqua, Patroclus and Achilles stepped through it. The two Greek warriors were rearmed. The weapons were not tailor-made for them as the spear Achilles had left in Dimension Lost was, but Medea would have time to make true replacements when their enemies all lay dead.

Nodding with satisfaction at seeing Patroclus and Achilles prepared for combat, Medea touched a gem in the wall, delighting as, through her familiar's eyes, she watched as Kuisha Abaddon was violently pulled through a magical teleportation trap, unable to defend herself in time.

"I apologize for the unwelcome transit." Medea said as the Queen of Sairaorg's peerage appeared in the throne room with her. Shiroe and Keno followed a moment later, looking supremely confused, but not nearly as uncomfortable as Kuisha. They had both traveled through the castle's gem network before.

Medea held Kuisha's arm steadyingly, letting the woman get her bearings. "I require your help."

Kuisha swallowed, staring pointedly at the floor for a second while she collected herself. "What do you need?" Kuisha said, straightening.

"I'm sure you heard everything I said to Keno and Shiroe? I plan to tip the scales of this battle in our favor. To do so, I will need to step onto the field personally. I would like you to remain here and coordinate our defense in my stead. Shiroe will help you view the castle's automated scrying defenses. He can assist you however you need."

"What do you plan to do?" Kuisha asked.

Medea's lips thinned into a line. "Eliminate the only individuals that can cause us problems."

Medea clenched her fist, calling another wave of skeletons and Shang Tsung's animated armors up from the defensive tunnels below, a final act to make Kuisha's task easier until Medea was able to return.

She still had plenty of skeletons in reserve beneath the castle, but they were running out of armors. Annihilation Maker's infinite army was proving to be a problem, one she intended to deal with promptly.

Medea reached up to her shoulder, channeling magic into the spectral green thrush familiar sitting perched on her shoulder.

"Circe," Medea said. "I need you to deal with Khione. Irene can't rain fire while that bitch is still on the field. I trust you are more than enough to put her in her place. With Coal and Anankos, you should have no issue even if she has surprises for you."

"I'm already searching for her." Circe said through the bird. "The mist is making things difficult."

"The mist should not be a factor for much longer." Medea assured her aunt. "Be ready to move when it falls."

Learning that Khione, the Greek Goddess of Snow, Daughter of Boreas, had joined her father in his foolish bid for revenge for Runa's death had surprised Medea, but not nearly so much as it infuriated her. One god was not enough? Boreas had to bring his daughter with him?

During his explanation, Patroclus told Medea that Khione seemed genuinely hurt by her half-sister's death and desired revenge.

Medea could not care less. Runa had attempted to harm what she was building with Balthazar, so Medea had removed Runa. Khione and Boreas were now attempting to destroy what she and Balthazar had built. God or not, both of them would fall today. Medea would not allow them to escape.

Medea turned her back on Kuisha. Shiroe was already conjuring screens in front of her. Medea had faith Kuisha could manage until she returned. Medea did not expect her task to take long.

"Achilles, Aqua, Keno, Patroclus, you will all accompany me." Medea said.

"Accompany you where?" Patroclus said, watching her with caution.

Medea met his gaze easily. "You said you have been to the realm within Dimension Lost where Dimension Lost's holder and Annihilation Maker's holder are currently hiding, correct?"

Patroclus slowly nodded. "Cao Cao held me back as reinforcements with Perseus in case anyone needed help. I convinced them to let me fight Achilles so I could get him out of there."

Medea grinned evilly. "Good. Using you as a guide, Aqua will be able to open a breach into that pocket dimension. We will strike them hard and fast. They think they are unassailable in their Sacred Gear's power. They will not expect an attack. Annihilation Maker and Dimension Lost are our priority, but do all you can to eliminate True Longinus as well."

"Wait, how do you plan to get there?" Patroclus asked, confused. "Dimension Lost is the single strongest barrier Sacred Gear in existence, perhaps even the greatest barrier ability. It can't be breached."

"Aqua will handle that." Medea said dismissively. "Will you be willing to strike down the men you joined to attack my castle, or should I leave you behind?" Medea asked, eyes dangerous.

Achilles moved to step in front of Patroclus. Patroclus put a hand on Achilles's shoulder, stopping him. He didn't break eye contact with Medea.

"I joined them because they said they could get me to Hell. I didn't have the means to transport myself here. When I learned they planned to attack you, I stayed with them so I could sabotage them. They wouldn't have let me go to warn you, so I waited for a chance to help. They are not my comrades, certainly not my friends." Patroclus finally broke eye contact to look at Achilles. "If Achilles is with you, then I am too."

Medea's serious expression broke. A soft smile graced her features. "Good. Is everyone ready?"

"One second!" Keno said, frantically swiping through screens on her phone. Medea watched, intrigued as a short two-second video played. Keno shut her phone off and put it away in her robes. "Ready."

"Are you sure we should only take the five of us?" Aqua asked.

"We will kill them quickly before they can react." Medea explained. "Patroclus, you will take Dimension Lost. Achilles, you will take Annihilation Maker. Aqua, you will strike True Longinus. Keno, you will be there to support the others in case something goes wrong. Any further questions? The longer we wait, the longer our allies outside must battle Annihilation Maker's monsters."

"What about Perseus?" Patroclus asked. "He's probably back there with them."

Medea smiled, baring her teeth. "Leave him to me."

Patroclus regarded her warily before turning to Achilles. "Dimension Lost has black hair, glasses and is wearing a red coat." Turning to Aqua, he said, "True Longinus also has black hair. No glasses. He's wearing a black coat."

Medea nodded. "Thank you. If there are no further questions or comments, it is up to you, Aqua."

Aqua stepped up next to Patroclus, reaching up to rest a hand on his shoulder. Her Keyblade appeared in her other hand. Aqua closed her eyes, lifting her Keyblade out in front of her.

"The moment I open this, they'll start to realize they're under attack. Everyone move fast." Aqua warned. "Opening in five…four…three…two…one… Now!"

Achilles and Patroclus were through the Keyhole the instant it was finished forming. Aqua, Keno and Medea scrambled through to catch up with them.

"What!" a black-haired young man yelled, surprise and a faint trace of fear on his face as five devils suddenly appeared in his haven.

Achilles's spear was already driven through the heart of a man in a red coat.

Patroclus's spear was driven through the throat of a smaller male with white hair.

Both were already dead, held upright only by the spears impaling them.

"You–" the third man started to say, freezing in place as Keno held out a hand, a slowly turning green magic circle alight in front of her.

"Now, Aqua!" Keno demanded.

Aqua was already moving. Her sword stabbed up through the man's jaw, into his brain and out through the top of his head. When Keno lowered her hand, the man's limbs turned to jelly as he collapsed onto Aqua's sword.

Medea grinned, watching in glee as the dark space around them slowly unravelled. Amethyst mist faded to nothing. Their feet came to rest on green grass. Castle Abaddon stood strong, unassailable a short distance away.

The mist had vanished. The entire field around the castle was clearly visible once more. Without Dimension Lost, the mist could not sustain itself.

Hulking red constructs crumbled into nothing. Mishappen shadow creatures faded away. Without Annihilation Maker, they were unravelling.

Medea delighted in the shocked cries and screams of the now visible mages, elementals and harpies as, all at once, the beautiful gem turrets she'd lovingly built into her home cut down the fools who thought to attack her castle.

The mages were quickly realizing they'd lost the two things keeping them alive, their only chances of victory. Teleportation circles began to expand out beneath them only to fizzle and die.

Medea laughed evilly.

The fools were able to enter her wards because of the power of Dimension Lost. Without it, they were trapped, unable to flee as the castle's defenses tore them apart. They tried to take Medea's home. They came to kill her and her husband.

None of them would leave alive.

"Protect me for a moment, then feel free to take your retribution on those who sought our end. I know I certainly will." Medea said cheerfully, finally turning her attention to the struggling, brown-haired man trapped in a veritable sea of red threads.

Medea flexed her fingers and the wires constricting Perseus tightened.

He let out a pained grunt, opening his mouth to speak only for Medea to fill it with more thread.

"Hush now, cousin." Medea said gently, kneeling next to his bound form and running a hand through his hair. "I'm sure they filled your head with so many lies. Don't worry." In a flash of pearl-colored light, a silver box appeared in her hand. Medea retrieved a rusted nail from the box.

"I'm going to help."

Medea pricked the nail into Perseus's forehead.

Instantly, Perseus's struggles ceased. He went lax in Medea's wires.

Slowly, the wires of red energy unwound freeing Perseus.

The reincarnated demigod groaned, pressing a hand against his forehead. Slowly, he made his way to his feet.

"Thank you, cousin." Perseus said, shaking his head clear. "I feel like I can finally think clearly again."

"Anything for family." Medea said sweetly, dropping the nail into her box before it vanished in a flash. "Now, about your brother…"

Perseus frowned, turning up to glare at the sky. "Heracles," he hissed. "Where is he?"

Medea laid a comforting hand on Perseus's shoulder. "Leave him to me, cousin. You go with Achilles. He'll need your help."

Perseus nodded easily. "Tear Heracles's arms off for me." He turned to Achilles, an excited smile on his face. "Well, cousin, what's the play?"

Achilles watched Perseus, sceptical. He looked questioningly at Medea over his shoulder.

Medea smiled and motioned to the carnage of the battlefield. "Go have fun, little cousin."

Achilles grinned, looking between Perseus and Patroclus. "Follow me." he said, turning to dive into the fray.

"Keno, Aqua, a moment before you join them. Please cover me while I finish one last task." Medea said, speaking so calmly no one would be able to tell dozens of mages were being slaughtered on the field around her.

Keno and Aqua watched as Rule Breaker appeared in Medea's hand. She walked towards the three corpses of three humans who had brought Longinus Sacred Gears to bear against her home.

At least they brought wonderful gifts as compensation for their insults.

Rule Breaker fell three times. Medea Pocketed a shifting orb of amethyst mist and a small red construct not unlike an action figure.

The spear was a different story. Medea hissed, snatching her hand back as she attempted to lift it. Aqua and Keno leaned away from its holy light.

Medea produced a dark cloth that magically expanded out to cover the spear. Its light safely contained, Medea lifted it up.

"I'm finished." Medea said happily. "Be sure to enjoy yourselves!" Medea disappeared in a scattering of crimson butterflies. The dying screams of the fools who attacked her home was music to her ears.


X


"There!" Circe called.

Drifting high among frozen clouds, no longer shielded from Circe's scrying by Dimension Lost, a woman with skin and hair pale as bone wearing a dress made of pure snow, Khione Goddess of Snow, hastily flew back, fleeing as two dragons and an angry goddess flew towards her.

A blizzard was conjured in their path. Blankets of snow and ice tore through the air towards them to slow them down.

Together, Coal and Anankos opened their mouths. Mighty fire poured forth to meet the torrential snow. Superheated steam hissed as the snow immediately evaporated on contact with dragonfire. A light mist spread through the air. Unlike the mist created by Dimension Lost, Khione wasn't able to hide in this mist.

Khione kept flying up, frantically looking around, trying to find anything that could help her face the two dragons hot on her heels.

"Surrendur and I will spare you!" Circe called up.

Khione stopped, spinning around. Khione's features were twisted in fury as she spat downward. "You ally with the bastards that took my sister from me. I will not yield!"

Circe's expression hardened. "Then you leave me no choice. You tried to kill my niece. A single chance is all I will offer."

Khione laughed, throwing her arms wide. The sky turned white as snow and ice swirled into a vortex. "That whore is the cause of all of this! Had she stayed dead where she belonged, all would be well in the world!"

Circe's lips thinned into a hard line, firming with her resolve to destroy this weak goddess.

Khione thrust her hands forward. It seemed as if the sky was falling. A blanket of white fell down from the heavens, glacial daggers hidden in the powder.

Coal and Anankos unleashed their flame once more.

The snow began to melt only to harden once more. Khione was actively maintaining the effect with her power. They wouldn't overcome it before it was upon them.

Coal coiled through the air, snapping himself into the air over Anankos and Circe, covering them.

"Go, son!" Coal shouted, snarling in agony as he absorbed the full impact of the goddess's fury into his body. Coal began to fall, carried downward by the snowy blanket of death Khione had summoned. "Make your dad proud!" Coal called upward, voice shaky with pain as he began to regenerate from the severe wounds Khione inflicted upon him.

Khione's eyes widened as Anankos and Circe rapidly closed the distance to her. The goddess had expected her attack to be far more effective.

Rapidly conjured spears of ice were easily absorbed by Circe's magical shields as they closed in on Khione.

Khione turned and tried to flee, summoning the winds to hasten her escape. Khione shrieked in shock and fear as her command of the winds was stripped from her.

Watching with cold eyes, Circe commanded the winds to pull Khione into Anankos's waiting jaws.

Anankos's jaws closed with a sickening snap.

Khione screamed, her single free limb, her arm thrashing wildly as she struggled in Anankos's teeth, only succeeding in worsening her injuries.

Circe affectionately ran her hand over Anankos's neck. "Well done, my son." she said, drifting up into the air off his back. Circe lazily flew up to Anankos's head.

Khione's thrashing was growing weaker. Golden ichor spilled from innumerable wounds across her body like a waterfall, spilling out of Anankos's mouth into the open air below.

"Hush," Circe said, laying a hand on Khione's head, running it comfortingly through the snow goddess's frigid white hair. "Breath. You are not dead yet."

Khione sucked in a gargling breath. Hacking as she slowly exhaled.

Circe smiled, producing an empty vial from her robes. "Just like that. Keep going."

Khione's features, already convulsing in agony, twisted in panic. She tried to inhale, but she couldn't. An unseen pressure on her lungs forced her to continue to exhale, expelling air she did not possess. It was as if an unseen smith worked her lungs like a bellows, refusing to permit her to draw a breath inward.

"That's it." Circe said, voice kind, eyes cold. A near-transparent stream of white energy flowed from Khione's mouth through the air into the empty bottle in Circe's hand. "You're almost there."

Khione smacked weakly at Anankos's adamantine snout with her free hand, still exhaling. Her arm went limp. The glowing blue light hidden in her eyes died. The stream of energy stopped.

Circe collected the last of the stream and stoppered the bottle, secreting it into her robes. She laid a hand on Khione's forehead. "You acted foolishly and paid the cost. I did not desire this outcome." Circe carefully closed Khione's eyes.

Anankos growled low in his throat, verbalizing a question in his way.

Circe shook her head. "Take her body below. Either the earth will claim it, or Medea will. I care not."

Anankos grumbled an affirmative. His wings pulled close to his body as he entered a dive, falling away from her.

Circe sighed, turning to stare out over the horizon. She came here to escape conflict, yet it seemed to have followed her.

Circe was not a warrior. She was comfortable in her home with her loom and her elixirs and her meager concerns. She'd rather not fight at all.

Circe's eyes hardened.

If she was to fight, she would much rather fight for those she cared for than for the orders of an uncaring god in the sky who'd never lived as she had, who held no hope of understanding her life and desires.

Circe turned around, taking in the battle below. If she was needed, she would step in once more, but she did not enjoy combat. She would refrain if her presence was unnecessary.


X


Sairaorg was blasted backwards.

He righted himself quickly, barely in time to deflect another punch. Where his hand made contact with his attacker's arm, a spark grew into an explosion, sensing him hurling away.

"You devils irritate me." The gray-haired man growled, body illuminated with an orange glow. "You steal our best and brightest and keep them as pets. What do you see when you look at me, devil? Do you see a demigod, the son of Zeus himself? Or do you see a toy to claim?"

Sairaorg raised his fists into a ready stance. "I see an insecure oaf seeking validation from his enemy."

Sairaorg dashed across the ground, landing three strikes before the brute was prepared.

Everywhere Sairaorg touched him, his fists were blasted away.

Variant Detonation. A less-common, though still well-documented, Sacred Gear. Sairaorg couldn't touch his opponent without suffering the force of an explosion wherever his fists made contact with his opponent's flesh.

Sairaorg was blasted away by a larger explosion than before. He kept his feet, skidding to a stop. Smoke drifted off his touki-enhanced shoulders.

Sairaorg frowned. This was a very bad match up for him. Heracles, reincarnated son of Zeus, stood across from him. That alone demanded Sairaorg's respect. With Variant Detonation to boot, Sairaorg was in a tough position. Sairaorg specialized in hand-to-hand combat, and this guy hurt him every time Sairaorg touched him.

Looks like he had to get serious.

"Regu–"

Sairaorg's call was interrupted by a flash of violet light behind his opponent.

The gray-haired man choked, reaching down to grasp the tip of a wicked dagger poking through his chest.

Crimson butterflies slowly fluttered away behind him, revealing Medea's sinister smirk.

"To think one so weak as you dares to liken himself to he who bears the curse of the God Hand. You are not Heracles, merely a pretender with a paltry trick. A trick that is now mine. Rule Breaker."

The man screamed. Orange light gathered around his chest, condensing into a ball of flame. Medea ripped the flame free and the man fell in a tumble of useless, lifeless limbs.

Medea nodded respectfully. "I apologize for stealing your opponent from you, Sairaorg, but I had an obligation to fulfill. Thank you again for coming. I believe I know how to repay you once this mess is cleaned up. I will see you when this is over."

Medea scattered into butterflies.

Sairaorg blinked, not quite sure how to respond to the rapid sequence of events he'd just witnessed. He'd been preparing to bring his full strength to bear only for his opponent to be killed as an afterthought by Medea.

He shrugged. When in doubt, more punching.

With a roar, Sairaorg dove back into the fray.


X


Irene breathed deeply, attempting to reign in her fury.

The mist was gone. The unending tide of shadow creatures and red armored golems had ceased. The castle's defences were making quick work of the harpies, elementals and mages trying in vain to flee. She didn't need to fight anymore.

If only it was so easy for her to cool down.

Irene grit her teeth, features twisted in concentration as she resisted every instinct she had, all screaming at her to unleash her true self. The scales on her face were spreading down her neck and across her chest. All she needed to do was let go.

No!

Irene snarled, forcing the scales to recede.

She was a human. Well, a devil, but a devil with a human body.

She was one of the most powerful magic users alive in the world she came from. Here, in her new world, she was not among the strongest as she was before, but she was so close to the top as to be within arms reach. She didn't need the curse she'd lived with for centuries to grow beyond her limits. She could do that alone.

"Attack!"

Irene's head snapped to the side. An animalistic growl slipped through her lips as she snarled.

A crimson magical circle appeared before her hand, absorbing a torrent of spells. As the attacks tapered off, Irene let her shield fall, turning to fully face those who'd tried to kill her.

A gathering of mages huddled together. Two of them concentrated together to hold a shield, defending the others from the onslaught of the castle's defenses. Three others stood in a loose triangle, staring down Irene. The two in the back were quivering in fear. Irene ignored them. The woman in the lead was different. She only looked angry.

The leader, a woman with short dark hair in a frilly purple dress stepped forward. "I've really had enough of this." the woman said. "Lower the wards and let us leave. Your fight is with Boreas, not us. Allow us to go, and I will take all of my mages with me."

Irene's eyes narrowed. She blinked. When her eyes opened, her pupils were slitted like a snake. "You think you can attack us and simply leave? You think I will let you go after you threaten the home of my daughter?"

The woman closed her fists. Purple fire swam up and down her arms, snaking up off of her shoulder in a dazzling display. "Let us go and I'll spare your life. You can't beat me, Irene."

"Don't speak my name." Irene cried, voice distorted, deeper.

The woman sighed. "Maybe once you fall, the others will see the benefit of accepting my generous offer." The woman raised her hand.

Violet fire streaked through the air in the form of an arrow.

Irene raised a shield in front of the arrow, already preparing to counterattack. Irene's eyes widened in shock as the arrow cut through her shields as if they weren't there. Irene was too close to dodge, barely managing to shift to the side so the arrow pierced her shoulder instead of her heart.

Irene screamed. Pain burned at her from within. Every place the arrow touched felt as if it was submerged in plasma.

Her skin, her bones, her muscles.

Everything burned.

The woman shook her head, stalking forward. "You should have been reasonable, Irene." She raised her hand and fired another arrow.

The arrow sank into Irene's stomach. Irene threw her head back and screamed. The high-pitched scream of pain dragged on, distorting.

The woman stopped, taking an unconscious step backwards as Irene's neck lengthened. Irene's clothes tore away as her muscles swelled. Red and white scales grew out of her skin like armor. Her teeth sharpened into fangs. Her face stretched unnaturally.

Irene's scream turned to a deadly roar of rage. Irene's body slammed into the ground. Standing on four legs with two massive wings spread wide behind her, Irene glared murderously at the tiny woman in front of her.

The woman's eyes were wide, full of fear. She staggered backwards. The mages that were with her had already turned and ran, terrified as they now faced a massive, powerful, pissed off dragon.

Three of them were shot down by the castle's gem turrets. The other two were consumed by the earth and crushed.

The woman beneath her swallowed loudly. "Irene, we can discuss this civilly. I am Walburga, Leader of Hexennacht. If you let me go my organization will–"

Irene roared, a cone of fire enhanced by Irene's magic filled the air.

Walburga hastily erected barriers layered atop one another. Barrier after barrier shattered as the flame grew ever closer.

"Please, Irene!" Walburga cried. "We can–"

The ground beneath Walbugra's feet glowed orange. A spell circle fired a small bolt of flame up from beneath her.

Walburga's head snapped backward as the firebolt struck her beneath the chin. As her focus was broken, her barriers all vanished.

Walburga screamed as she was burned alive by Irene's fire.

Irene cut off her roar with a hiss of pain. Her shoulder and stomach still burned. Whatever Walburga hit her with was still affecting her. It almost felt like a disease rapidly spreading through her system. She didn't know what to do. She had to…

A small moth fluttered down from the sky, landing daintily on Irene's snout.

A chittering of concern.

Irene huffed. "It still hurts. Can you help me?"

A song of eager affirmation.

Mothra's wings flapped lopsidedly as she descended, landing lower on Irene's body. She skittered up to the burn in Irene's shoulder and shook her wings.

Irene closed her eyes, sighing contentedly as blue scales fell over her wound. The pain was soothed away. The spreading burn dulled to a rapidly disappearing ache.

"Thank you." Irene said.

Fluttering acknowledgement. Chittering praise.

Irene frowned, unused to being complimented on her draconic appearance, the curse that held her trapped for centuries. Mothra thought she was beautiful.

"Thank you." Irene said softly.

Irene felt a pulse of magic. Her head snapped up. She relaxed as she saw Medea appear in front of her, already kneeling over Walburga's well-charred corpse.

"Are you alright, Irene?" Medea asked.

"I'm fine now." Irene said, voice deep and rumbly. "Mothra fixed whatever the mage did."

"You were struck by Incinerate Anthem." Medea explained. "It is exceptionally dangerous to devils. I was moments from coming to assist you when I saw you had things handled. A moment please." A dagger appeared in Medea's hand. "Rule Breaker." she intoned, stabbing down into Walburga's body. The ash fell away from the dagger.

Medea withdrew, smiling as she held an ember of violet fire pinched in her hand.

Medea turned back to Irene. "There are a scant few mages and harpies that managed to escape the radius of the gem turrets in the chaos of Dimension Lost disappearing. I have familiars tracking them. Would you like to go after them, or should I send someone else?"

Irene grinned, a long suppressed feral instinct rising to the surface. "Tell me where they are."

Irene was going to hunt.


X


The moment the mist fell, chaos descended upon the battlefield. Ladura and Coriana surveyed the battlefield from above. Coriana had stopped casting spells, leaving the castle's defenses to destroy the enemy force. The castle was quickly working its way through what was left of the invading force. Medea's defenses were impressive.

"Nooo!" a furious shriek split the air.

"Coriana!" Ladura shouted, shoving the Bishop aside.

A spearpoint sunk into Ladura's chest. He braced himself, holding the shaft of the spear and pushing it back lest the weapon impale him fully.

A woman with hair the color of a hawk's feathers glared hatefully down at him, eyes manic.

"Where is he!" the woman screeched. "Where is the bastard that killed my daughter? I will–"

Ladura roared, muscles bulging. Scales grew from his skin. Great wings and a tail grew from his back. Still growing into his dragon form, he swatted the woman away.

She was sent careening downward, barely able to catch herself on large, falcon-like wings before she hit the ground.

Before she could get her bearings, Sairaorg was on her, punching and kicking, not giving her any room to breathe.

Golden energy exploded in a shockwave around the woman, blasting Sairaorg back. Shining runes glowed bright on her shield as she straightened, wings spread wide behind her. Beams of energy shot from the castle to attack her. Each was absorbed by a corona of golden energy. The woman paid no mind to the castle's defenses as she faced down Sairaorg.

"Come!" she challenged. "I am Hildr of the Valkyries. I will slay each and every one of you devils and fashion a throne from your bones!"

Ladura roared, diving down towards the valkyrie from behind as Sairaorg charged her from the front.

Hildr tucked her wings around her into a cocoon and spun, rapidly accelerating. Golden ribbons of energy extended away from her, rotating and quickly picking up speed.

One of the ribbons caught Ladura under his draconic jaw, snapping his head backwards and sending him careening into the ground, dazed.

Sairaorg weaved through the ribbons, smacking several away with his forearm as he leapt towards Hildr.

Hildr's wings flared wide. She held her shield up towards Sairaorg. Golden energy gathered and exploded.

Sairaorg was blasted back with such force he thundered away, cratering the ground and digging a long trench before his momentum finally gave out. Sairaorg was slow to stagger to his feet.

Hildr dove towards Sairaorg, spear seeking his heart.

A titanic bronze serpent struck her from the side. The creature's fangs shattered against the golden protection around Hildr, but it was sufficient to knock her off course, forcing her to right herself in midair to face her new opponent.

Hildr froze, jaw falling open in disbelief. "Runa…?" she said, breathless.

Silver hair danced lightly in the wind. Ornate armor hugged a curved figure. Runa Boreasdottir slowly approached Hildr, hands held up placatingly. "Mother please," she said. "It's alright."

Hildr's features twisted in fury. Golden energy condensed into several small points around her. "You dare!" Hildr screeched. Seven beams of pure magic fired from the points around her, all aimed directly towards Runa.

Runa grinned, features twisting into those of Balthazar Abaddon. An instant before Hildr's attack would have struck, the figure stepped back into a Hole.

Hildr gasped as a cold hand closed around her throat from behind. She spun, intending to send an elbow into the sternum of whoever attacked her. She found she couldn't move. Her eyes were frantic, scanning the entire battlefield for what kept her still.

A short distance away, a small woman with red eyes glared hatefully at Hildr, hand held up to maintain a slowly rotating spell circle in front of her.

"Rest well," the man with Balthazar's face said as green energy slowly flowed around him, reverting Shang Tsung to his true appearance. "Die knowing you have reunited with your daughter."

Frozen though she was, a scream still tore free of Hildr's unmoving lips as Shang Tsung sucked something out of her. She couldn't resist, trapped in Keno's spell, forced to weather Shang Tsung's assault with no defense.

Hildr's muscles atrophied. Boils grew on her skin as it lost its color and sagged. Hildr's eyes lost their light as one final, quiet gasp slipped past her lips.

Shang Tsung released Hildr's throat at the same moment Keno released the woman from her petrification.

Hildr fell, limbs tumbling unnaturally through the air to splat on the ground below.

Shang Tsung turned, looking down at the crater Sairaorg left when Hildr struck him. "Is he alright?"

A fluttering affirmation.

Sairaorg was standing up, dusting himself off. On his shoulder, a small moth shed glowing blue scales over the worst of his injuries. Sairaorg was rapidly healing like one would expect from Coal.

The sky darkened.

Frowning, Shang Tsung looked over his shoulder. His eyes widened. Green energy flashed around him. He was half-way to assuming Balthazar's face and powers when the attack struck.

Shang Tsung screamed, sent flying backwards as a powerful lightning bolt took him in the side. Shang Tsung didn't even register when he hit the ground. His entire world was pain.

Far away, Shang Tsung heard Sairaorg rushing towards him only to be flung aside by winds so powerful as to create a hurricane.

The ground shook as a massive form landed above Shang Tsung, looming dangerously over him.

"You," Boreas, God of the North Wind, growled. "You will suffer for what you have done."

Boreas raised his arms. Power gathered above the god. Lightning condensed, crackling between the god's fingers.

Shang Tsung tried to complete shifting into Balthazar. He tried to erect a barrier to defend himself. He couldn't. He could only weakly struggle to raise his hand.

Boreas thrust his arms down.

Shang Tsung's eyes were shut tight. A massive boom shook the air. The ground quacked with Boreas's fury.

Shang Tsung hesitantly opened his eyes. He lay on the ground at Sairaorg's feet. A hundred meters away, Boreas stood before a smoldering crater, glaring towards him hatefully.

Mothra fell from Sairaorg's shoulder to land heavily on Shang Tsung's chest.

A pained song of concern.

Shang Tsung sighed as a heavenly feeling spread from his chest throughout his body. Azure scales rained from Mothra's wings down upon him as the small moth frantically fluttered her wings.

"Sai, please watch over my Pawn while he heals." Balthazar Abaddon said, stepping in front of Shang Tsung protectively, placing himself between the wounded Pawn and the furious god.

"I can help you fight." Sairaorg said simply, watching Boreas with narrowed eyes.

"I know." Balthazar said. In a flash of violet light, a long staff appeared in Balthazar's hand. Balthazar slammed the end of the staff into the ground.

Laying flat on the soil as Shang Tsung was, he felt the ground itself respond to Balthazar's presence.

"But this is personal." Balthazar said, voice turning into a growl.

"Personal?" Boreas cried. "You took my daughter, Balthazar!" Lightning crackled around Boreas. The winds howled as the god slowly levitated into the air. "I will have my vengeance in blood. Martin, now!"

The air shimmered and a man in dark robes appeared. He hefted a brass staff and directed it at Balthazar.

Glowing golden lines of magical energy snaked up Balthatazr's legs, moving to encircle his waist when they shattered.

Boreas's eyes widened as he stared in disbelief.

The man in the robes staggered backwards, mouth opening and closing uncomprehendingly. He gasped as a long silver blade punched through his chest. Aqua stepped out of his shadow, kicking his body away to let it fall dead to the ground.

Balthazar raised an eyebrow at Boreas. "Was that supposed to do something?"


X


"Was that supposed to do something?" I asked, more disappointed than anything else. This bastard brought an army to my home with the intention to kill me and everyone I care about, and this was all he managed?

I'd be insulted if I wasn't so grateful he was an arrogant idiot. Had he been competent, we might have had a harder time dealing with the attack. As it was, he was the only one left.

Boreas stared in dumbfounded shock, mouth slowly opening and closing. I didn't know it was possible for gods to be flabbergasted, but here we were.

"No," Boreas said in a confused whisper. "No. This isn't… No!"

Power erupted from Boreas's body. The icy clouds above, left behind by Khione to slowly dissipate, thickened and darkened. A mighty wind roared over the grass.

"You will die, Balthazar! I will ensure it!" Boreas called. The sky rumbled above.

I'd had enough of this.

I hefted my staff, sighing as I felt it empowering me. Holes opened all around, filling the sky like hailstones. You couldn't move two feet without falling through one. Fire spilled into the air, roaring into a raging inferno that turned the sky orange. Spears, daggers, swords, axes – all manner of enchanted weapons sailed through the blaze to strike Boreas.

Boreas roared in fury. The flame was burning him, but he was far more resistant than the underlings he'd brought. The spears and daggers that managed to get through the tumultuous winds around him without sailing haphazardly off-course struck him with the force of a ballista, but they still only scraped his skin, leaving minor facts and abrasions. The god was much tougher than those I'd fought in the past.

Boreas threw his arms above his head and roared. The clouds above crackled with electric power. At Boreas's command, lightning thundered down from the sky towards me.

I stepped back through a Hole, appearing opposite Boreas, I needn't have bothered.

Boreas's features twisted in fury as the crimson barrier around the castle stretched upward, intercepting each bolt as they rained down.

Medea's voice reached into my head. 'I will protect you. Kill this bastard.'

I grinned. How could I disappoint my dear wife?

I floated through the air over Boreas, watching as his eyes tracked me. He tried to call more lightning down on my head, but Medea's shields took the strikes.

Seeing his attacks were ineffective, Boreas switched tactics, sending blades of sharpened wind towards me as he flew up into the air after me.

I opened Holes in front of each attack, harmlessly sending them away. What few I missed were swallowed by shadows or stopped cold by crimson barriers as Medea covered me.

I continued leading Boreas back and away from the castle. All the while, my Holes roasted him alive with elemental fire. His skin was beginning to char.

Roaring in pain and fury, Boreas exploded towards me on a gust of wind, hands clasping towards my throat.

I smiled, stepping back through a Hole. I appeared atop my castle and looked up at Boreas. I had brought him close to the edge of the castle's protections as I was leading him away. Maybe he thought I was making a mistake and was trying to get me further away from my peerage. I hadn't made a mistake. I just didn't want to ruin my lawn.

Five Holes appeared around Boreas, rapidly expanding to the size of a truck.

Five Tailed Beast Bombs erupted from the Holes, moving towards Boreas from all sides.

Boreas exploded upwards on a gust of wind. He managed to dodge three of the blasts. He was too close to avoid them all.

An explosion rocked the air as two of the Tailed Beast Bombs connected. The clouds were scattered. Blades of grass were buffeted so violently by the shockwaves and furious wind that they tore free of the ground.

Boreas's body was sent sailing down to the ground, leaving contrails in his wake. The god was visibly injured now. Golden ichor dripped from many wounds covering his body. I didn't know it was possible for divine entities to bruise, but Boreas's flesh was covered in discolorations, one taking up the entire right side of his chest.

Boreas slowly rose from the crater, panting painfully, glaring murder at me. "Next time, you fall, Balthazar."

My eyes narrowed as he summoned a cloud of vapor around himself. Like hell was I letting this bastard get away. Dozens of Holes opened around Boreas, burning away the water vapor with flame.

Medea seemed to share my sentiment.

Massive shadowy tendrils exploded out of the ground all around him, batting him around like a pinball, sending him tumbling away. Violet skeletons crawled free from the soil, charging towards Boreas with glowing spears and hammers.

Boreas snarled, sundering nearby skeletons with blades of wind and shocks of lightning that bounded between the skeletons.

I watched Boreas flounder from atop my castle. The staff in my hand lengthened, morphing into a golden-tipped spear.

With a roar, Boreas slammed both his fists down atop a larger skeleton, crushing it.

I stepped through a Hole.

Boreas gasped, arcing his back to look up at the heavens. Slowly, he looked down at the golden point of my spear pierced through his chest. Numbly, he reached up, incomprehending as he tried to pull on the spear.

I stepped back, tearing the spear out of his chest.

Spasming, Boreas fell backwards. He started to seize. Golden blood sprayed all around.

There was a massive, gaping hole in his sternum the size of a baseball. Dark, diseased lines grew along the edges of the wound, rapidly expanding outwards. As the disease spread, Boreas's flesh began to rot and crumble out in a ripple.

Boreas was blabbering like a child, eyes unfocused as his body twitched uncontrollably on the ground.

This was a god? I was sorely disappointed on behalf of all his followers.

I hooked a hand under Boreas's ankle, lifting it up and dragging his seizing body through a Hole.

When I emerged, I felt a weight lift off my shoulders.

Shang Tsung was standing now. Mothra was still attached to him, crawling all over his chest shaking blue scales of healing energy onto his form. He looked haggar, but he was alright.

"Shang Tsung," I said, drawing his attention. I yanked Boreas's leg, calling on the strength my Sacred Gear was granting me to toss Boreas at my Pawn's feet. "I have a gift for you."

Shang Tsung's eyes glowed as he stared down at the God of the North Wind. "Master…thank you."

"I'd hurry." I said, watching clinically as the diseased rot festering in Boreas's body began to eat away at his chest.

Blind to the world around him, Boreas was convulsing, unable to so much as manage to speak as he convulsed on the ground.

Shang Tsung bent down, grabbing a fistfull of the misty ice that was Boreas's hair, dragging the god's body up. "Like your daughter before you, your soul is MINE!"

Some far away part of Boreas's mind was able to register that he was in pain. A scream slipped past the god's lips as a hurricane of green energy was sucked out of his body into Shang Tsung. The rot slowly eating away at his chest dramatically hastened, spreading to disintegrate Boreas's abdomen and down into his legs.

Shang Tsung seemed to grow taller as the energy poured into him. What remained of the wounds he suffered were gone, healed by the torrent of energy flowing into him. His eyes glowed, arcane green then misty grey. Electrical energy crackled through his hair.

Shang Tsung's lips parted. A low growl grew into a loud, thunderous roar as the last of the green energy was sapped from Boreas.

The once powerful god's body fell to the ground, a sickly, malnourished mockery of its former glory. The black disease transmitted from my spear made quick work of what was left, turning the body black as bits and pieces fell away to scatter into the grass. Soon there was nothing left but darkened bones and muck.

Shang Tsung looked to the sky, arms out at his sides, every muscle tense as he roared. The green energy swimming around him settled into his body, fading.

That was not the end of the light show.

A sinister red light exploded into being, making all other lights seem dim by comparison. The glow emanated from Shang Tsung's chest. A small Pawn set in Shang Tsung's breast erupted with demonic power. The Pawn seemed to expand. Through my connection to it and to Shang Tsung, I felt as the Pawn changed.

Shang Tsung's scream tapered off with the red glow. He staggered backwards, panting.

I was at his side in a moment, laying a hand on his shoulder and looking him over. "Are you alright?"

Panting out of breath though he was, Shang Tsung's smile was brighter than the stars. "Master, I have never felt better."

"His Pawn mutated."

I looked up. Shang Tsung, Mothra and I weren't alone. We'd gathered quite the audience. With almost all of the fleeing mages dealt with, nearly everyone from mine and Sairaorg's peerages was present except for Coal and Irene who were tracking down the last of the ones that managed to slip away.

Sairaorg had been the one to speak, watching on in open-eyed fascination.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Evil Pieces can mutate when they make jumps in power that place them above where they should be relative to their King." Kuisha explained, stepping up to Sairaorg's side as she too looked at Shang Tsung. "He just…absorbed power from Boreas. He's too strong to be a Pawn anymore."

I frowned, looking at Shang Tsung. I could definitely feel the Pawn was different, but I wasn't sure it was just a simple mutation. I was metaphysically tethered to Shang Tsung in a way Sairaorg and Kuisha weren't. I knew there was something else.

'His Pawn mutated into a Mutation Pawn then forced him into a Queen promotion after he absorbed Boreas's soul.' Medea said in my mind, reaching through our own connection to examine what happened to Shang Tsung. 'I do not think there is a way to turn the promotion off. It feels locked on.'

I sighed, relieved it wasn't something damaging. So long as Shang Tsung wasn't about to burst from the power he'd taken, we could sort it out later.

I looked back up at Sairaorg. "Thank you for coming."

Sairaorg grinned at me. "I don't think you needed the help, but you're welcome all the same."

A blinding flash of pink light exploded into the space.

Tense as mine and Sairaorg's peerages were, many of them fired spells at the figure to emerge from the teleportation circle.

Serafall Leviathan emerged from the light, easily smacking the spells aside. She looked murderous. Instead of her usual suitcoat or magical girl attire, she was wearing a suit of thin platemail covered in cool blue arcane designs. I'd never seen her in armor before. I had to admit though, the dark metal and icy designs really suited her.

"I didn't realize the teleportation block was down. Where is he? Are you alright?" Serafall demanded.

Moments later, a dozen other pink flashes filled the air around her. A sea of devils I didn't recognize flooded into my lands, all armed and armored for war.

Mami and Ingvild appeared at Serafall's side. Seraphine followed a moment later with someone I hadn't properly met, but still recognized, a woman with bone-white hair and dark skin. Behemoth, Serafall's Rook.

A dark void opened in the air behind Serafall. A crackling storm of pure nothing emerged. Crimson hair whipped around as its owner scanned their surroundings.

Sirzechs Lucifer met my eyes, then slowly turned to look over my perfectly fine peerage.

Sirzech's destructive aura vanished as he drifted through the air to Serafall's side.

"Are you okay, Balthazar?" Sirzechs asked.

"I'm fine. It's done." I said, waving for Serafall and Sirzechs to relax.

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "What do you mean, 'it's done'?"

Sairaorg stepped up beside me, slapping me on the back. He had a wide, proud grin on his face, almost as if we hadn't just been fighting for our lives against a team specifically designed for the purpose of killing devils. "It means Balthazar is collecting titles like trading cards. Lady Leviathan, I present Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, Godslayer."

Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,518 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Apr 6, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 44
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Apr 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,928
Sirzechs left soon after realizing he'd missed the action. Before coming to help, Serafall had thrown up a signal that marshalled their forces to a war footing in case there were other invasions. Sirzechs left to go control that before it spiralled out of control.

I invited Serafall and Sairaorg into the castle while our peerages helped organize the cleanup outside.

"What happened, Bal?" Serafall asked, eyes searching mine. "I need a full rundown."

I quickly summarized events from the start of the fight to Boreas's death. Serafall was silent through it all, absorbing my words with a calculating glint in her eyes.

"How did they have so many Longinus Sacred Gears?" Serafall asked.

I shrugged. "I don't know where Boreas found them. I can ask Shang Tsung to sift through Boreas's memories if you'd like?"

Serafall frowned. "You're not trying to maintain plausible deniability about him stealing Boreas's soul?"

"Not from you. You already know my deepest darkest secrets. Trying to hide it from you after this would just be insulting. Although…" I slowly turned to look at Sairaorg. "I'd appreciate it if you didn't say anything about this. It'll create a lot of problems."

Sairaorg held up his hands defensively. "You don't have to worry, Bal. I saw a lot of weird things today, but you're my friend. You gave me my mom back and helped me become Heir Vapula. That, and you'll be my brother-in-law soon. No one will hear about any of this from me."

"I'm glad to hear that."

Serafall and Sairaorg tensed as crimson light fluttered around us, condensing into Medea, flanked by Regulus and Coal. Aqua walked at Coal's side, an amused, carefree expression on her face.

With an amused smile on her face, Medea said, "It would have been awkward to give you a thank you gift after you pledged to tell the world our secrets. Serafall," Medea said with a respectful nod. "You will likely wish to witness this."

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "Medea…why do I get the sense this is going to give me a migraine?"

Medea raised an eyebrow at her. "It will certainly add to your worries, but it is nothing next to the war that will start from this."

I blinked, processing everything. "Oh, shit."

Serafall nodded glumly. "Oh shit is right. The Greeks cut Boreas loose. They didn't cut Khione loose. A Greek goddess just invaded Hell to murder a devil lord. We need to respond. I don't want a war, but it might be unavoidable now."

"All the more reason for you to be here." Medea said, lips splitting into a wicked grin. "This will likely make you feel much better about things."

Serafall looked sceptical. "Alright. Surprise me."

Medea turned to me. "My love, could you quickly retrieve Magdaran? Regulus said he should be in his office."

I raised an eyebrow at her. Through our mental connection, I said, 'What are you planning?'

'Serafall is our greatest ally. I would likely name Sairaorg our next greatest ally. I believe it is time to extend a little more trust. Sairaorg did risk himself and his peerage to come to our aid afterall.'

'That wasn't ominous at all.'

'Oh, it will be fine. Play along, husband.'

Sharing a quizzical look with Sairaorg, I acquiesced to my wife's request, opening a Hole to my office building in Lucifaad.

I stepped through to find the skeletons frantically rushing around. Magdaran stood in his office, eyes widening when he saw me.

"Bal! Aqua said–"

"Everything's fine." I cut him off. "Medea wanted me to grab you. She's planning something. Want to watch the Leviathan get a migraine?"

"I…what?" he looked supremely confused.

"Don't worry. It'll be fine." I said, laying a hand on his shoulder and gently guiding him through the Hole.

Magdaran stared at Serafall's armored form in awe as we stepped back into my castle.

"Lady Leviathan, I–"

"Not now. I have things to do and I want this done fast." Serafall cut him off, focused on Medea. "What are we here to see?"

Coal crossed his arms over his chest, a cocky grin on his face. "People have been trying to figure out how I got free for a while now. They're practically tearing their hair out trying to figure it out."

Sairaorg's eyes widened, snapping to Regulus. "The bracelet."

Regulus was stone-faced as he slowly turned to look at Medea. "Coal told me Medea took Tri-Beast Chimera from the woman you fought. She still holds our sister's prison."

"And our brother's." Coal added, his grin slipping into a furious frown. "Golden Bounty was used to attack us as well."

Medea reached into her robe. She produced two small objects, one held in each hand. A golden apple covered lightly in glimmering scales. A serpent bracelet ending in a goat's head and a lion's head.

"You can steal Sacred Gears." Serafall whispered in disbelief. She sucked in a breath, eyes wide. "Dimension Lost. Annihilation Maker. True Longinus. Did you–"

"Yes." Medea said, staring at Serafall challengingly. "I ripped the weapons of my home's attackers from their souls. Do you take issue with this?"

Serafall was smiling, her teeth positively shining. "Do I have a problem with so many Longinus Sacred gears belonging to a devil? Hell no. Are you able to rebind the Sacred gears? There's a lot we could do with them."

Medea pursed her lips. "I suppose we can deal with that first. It will be quick enough." The bracelet and apple disappeared into Medea's robe once more. She walked towards Sairaorg, stopping a short distance from him. "You are a martial artist."

"I am." Sairaorg said hesitantly.

"How would you like to receive Variant Detonation? It would make you that much more dangerous of a fighter." Medea asked.

Sairaorg's eyes widened. "I… Are you able to bind it to a devil?"

"I can." Aqua said, stepping forward. "It shouldn't need to be said, but don't tell anyone about that. After today, people are going to know more of what we can do, but I like my privacy."

Sairaorg looked between Medea and Aqua. "I… I can't pay you back for this. I don't have the–"

"Sai," I cut him off. "You fought a god for me. Take the damn Sacred Gear."

Sairaorg swallowed heavily. He nodded sharply. "Thank you. I accept."

An ember of flickering orange flame appeared in Medea's hand, she pressed it lightly against Sairaorg's chest. "Aqua?"

Aqua's Keyblade appeared in her hand. She twisted it. A sound like a deadbolt latching echoed through the space.

Sairaorg gasped, muscles swelling. He closed his fists. Orange fire danced around his arms, swimming around his chest.

Maniacal cackling bounced off the castle walls. It took me a moment to realize Serafall was the one laughing.

"Take that, Michael you pious prick!" Serafall shouted. "Oh, things are looking so much better for us right now. You grabbed the others, right? Please tell me you took the others." Serafall was practically pleading as she stared at Medea.

"The Longinus are mine." Medea said plainly, holding Serafall's gaze. "They attacked my home. I will not surrender them to other devils that did not fight for them."

The corner of Serafall's lip pulled up. "So long as Heaven's system doesn't get them back, I couldn't care less. Now, I need to–"

"This is not what I brought you here to witness." Medea said.

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "Then what…?" Her eyes slowly tracked to Coal before widening. "No."

"Yes." Coal said, expression serious. "Chimera and Ladon have been trapped long enough."

Everyone watched silently as Medea once more produced the two Sacred Gears containing Chimera and Ladon's souls.

"You can free them." Serafall said, breathless.

A golden glow emanated from the apple. "Magdaran Bael," a deep, powerful voice spoke. "My brothers tell me you are not the fighter your brother is."

Magdaran looked surprised to suddenly be addressed. He swallowed nervously. "I am not, great Ladon."

"I have been a tool of war for too long. I desire peace. Coal said you are a botanist." Ladon continued.

Magdaran nodded. "I am."

"In exchange for your protection from those who would try to see me returned to my prison, I will work as your partner. In life, I held a great fascination with the workings of plants." Ladon said.

Magdaran stopped breathing. "You want to bond with me?"

Medea smiled. "We had something different in mind." A wicked Dagger appeared in her hand. She stabbed it down into the Golden Apple. "Rule Breaker."

Golden light exploded like a newborn star, banishing every shadow in the hall. The apple fractured, then exploded apart. A great roar shook the room as a long, serpentine head snaked up through the golden glow. Then another. Another. More.

Ladon, the Hundred Headed Dragon, stood cramped, restricted by the ceiling in my Castle's entry hall. His body was even larger than Coal's, nearly equal to Mothra's true size.

Magdaran and Sairaorg watched in shock as Ladon stretched his limbs for the first time in millenia.

Serafall was cackling again.

"They're! So! Fucked!" Serafall cried.

Everyone ignored her in favor of the titanic dragon crushed against the ceiling.

Three massive dragon heads snaked down through the air towards Magdaran.

Magdaran took a nervous step backwards before standing straight.

"What say you, little devil?" Ladon asked, voice spoken from one-hundred mouths in unison. "As my brothers are protected in their peerages, I will be protected in yours. You will have my power and knowledge as compensation. A fair deal, yes?"

"Yes," Magdaran said, voice more high-pitched than usual. "I would be honored to have you in my peerage." Magdaran's Queen appeared in his hand. Quickly, like he was afraid Ladon would flee from him like a spooked rabbit, Magdaran pressed his Queen piece into the nearest head.

Crimson energy glowed from Ladon's verdant scales. Ladon's form rapidly shrunk. A massive dragon now stood in a bipedal human form. Long, lanky limbs and green hair. Ladon opened green eyes with golden slits, smiling as Coal tackle-hugged him.

"Brother!" Coal roared. "Breathe the free air."

"It is… I'd forgotten how it felt." Ladon said, lungs expanding as he breathed deep.

"Please do not forget about me." a new voice said. Feminine, but no less strong than Ladon's.

"I have not. Do not worry." Medea assured the bracelet she was holding. With a conniving smile on her face, Medea lifted the bracelet up to Sairaorg. "Chimera would like to speak to you, Heir Vapula."

"Regulus said you fight a lot." the bracelet said simply.

Sairaorg's eyes were wide, flicking between Ladon, Magdaran and the bracelet in front of him. "We do. I want to be the strongest I can. My peerage and I train every day."

"He said you can empower lions with your devil magic. I have some lion in me. Could you empower me?"

"I believe I could." Sairaorg said, far more confident than his brother.

"I don't want to get trapped again either. Regulus said you're a good master. Coal said he knows good places to go hunting and he can take me to them. Would you let me go hunting with my brother?"

"Absolutely." Sairaorg agreed immediately. "We train every morning, but what you do with the rest of the day is up to you."

"Okay. I'll become a devil if you protect me like you protect Regulus. I don't want any more heroes working to hunt and kill me so Heaven can trap me again."

Sairaorg's features hardened. "I won't let anything happen to my peerage."

"Good. Witch? Get me out of this thing."

"Of course." Medea said easily, raising her knife. "Rule Breaker."

The bracelet shattered. A massive form nearly as large as Matatabi's true size spilled onto the ground, quickly finding its feet. It had a lion's face. A goat's head and horns extended from its back. A serpentine tail ending in a snake's head extended behind it.

Chimera gracefully stalked towards Sairaorg. "Let's be done with it, master. I'm eager to see what my new devil body will feel like."

"As you wish. It is an honor to have you, Chimera." Sairaorg said. A Rook appeared in his hand. He pressed the piece into Chimera's snout.

Chimera shivered as a crimson glow enveloped her. She shrunk down. A tall, tan-skinned woman with full curves and brown hair stood opposite Sairaorg.

Her face scrunched up as she sniffed experimentally. "This will take some getting used to."

"Sister!"

Chimera was tackled to the ground as Coal leapt at her, dragging Ladon's lanky form behind him. Regulus followed behind them, kneeling to hug his sister.

Chimera huffed. "You always were too energetic, Coal." There was a small smile on her face.

As the children of Typhon had their moment, Serafall quietly stepped up next to me.

"My secretary is summoning me. I need to go. I'll leave Behemoth here to help guard your lands in case anyone tries again. Call immediately if you need anything."

"I appreciate it, Serafall. See you later." I said.

"Serafall, a moment."

Serafall and I turned to see Medea walking up to join us. Medea leaned in close to Serafall's ear and whispered something.

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "Are you sure?"

"Completely." Medea said, unflinching.

Serafall nodded seriously. "I'll figure out exactly what that means. Try to stay in your lands if possible. I don't know if they'll try anything else."

Serafall vanished in a flash of pink energy.

In the Satan's departure, Medea stepped up to my side. "Walk with me, husband."

I followed her down a hall, leaving Typhon's children and their new peerage Kings to their moment.

"My mother contacted me." Medea began as we walked the halls side-by-side. "Her and Thetis are fine. None of their attackers were able to even reach her home."

"Good," I said. "And the stragglers that were fleeing?"

"Coal and Irene hunted them all down before they were free of my teleportation wards." Medea said.

I finally let out a breath I'd been holding since we were rudely awakened by Boreas's attack. "Good."

As the adrenaline finally started to bleed out of me, a mixture of fury and anxiety swelled to fill its place.

Medea sensed my unease, taking my hand before it could ball into a fist. She leaned up and captured my lips in a brief kiss.

"We won." she said softly. "Our enemies lie dead."

"They attacked our home, Medea." I said, my breathing growing furious.

"I know. Nothing like this will ever happen again." Medea assured me. "I won't allow it."

I took a deep breath as I pulled Medea against me into a hug, centering myself in the comfort her presence gave me. "What do you plan to do with the other Sacred Gears?"

"Incinerate Anthem will join the other relics in my reliquary. I will drain True Longinus's power to enhance Sephiroth Graal. Perhaps it will still be usable when drained. If not, I will create something else with its pieces." Medea explained quickly, running a comforting hand in circles in the small of my back.

"And the other two? Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker?"

"The other three." Medea gently corrected. "I secured Trick Vanish from the priest Boreas brought. That is something else we must discuss. When Shang Tsung absorbed Boreas's soul, he glimpsed the god's memories. He is still parsing through what he was shown, Boreas lived a very long time, but a recent memory was prominent. Remiel, the archangel Serafall warned us about before, arranged for the priest to join Boreas and for Boreas to gather a stronger force to attack us. He wanted to seal Hole so you would die."

"Just one more enemy to deal with. We'll need to tell Serafall."

"I already did. That is what we spoke of moments before her departure."

"Have I told you recently that you're amazing and I don't know what I'd do without you?"

Medea smiled happily up at me. "Yes, but I always love to hear it." She pulled me down to her to claim my lips. When we parted, she laid her head on my chest and closed her eyes.

"So we wait to hear from Serafall about the angel. What about the other three Sacred Gears?" I asked.

"I don't have any plans for Trick Vanish currently. I'm sure I'll think of something. I do know what I will do with Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker. It will take some time, but I am planning to bind them to the castle itself. If Irene and Aqua assist me, I will be able to accomplish it that much faster. With Dimension Lost, it will be nearly impossible for anyone to ever attack us again. We will likely even be able to transport the castle to other locations through the mist. With Annihilation Maker, we will have infinite access to servants and disposable warriors for our armies."

"Our armies?" I asked.

Opening her eyes, Medea looked up at me. "We will be going to war soon. Serafall cannot stop this now, especially after freeing and reincarnating Chimera, Ladon and Perseus."

"Perseus?" I asked.

"My new Knight." Medea said proudly. "You know I earned my Evil Pieces some time ago. I reincarnated Perseus after the fighting was over. Zeus will not be able to stomach the thought of his son and great-grandson both 'enslaved' to the same devil house. That reminds me. Achilles is in Lucifaad. He will return shortly."

"Is he okay?"

Medea had an amused smile on her face as she said, "He told me he would, 'Run right up to the High-Class center and rip a set of Evil Pieces from their hands if they didn't give him them willingly. He took Patroclus with him. He's going to make Patroclus his Queen."

"Is it only the two of them?"

"Kuisha volunteered to transport them. Shang Tsung and Mothra accompanied them for added security."

I nodded. "Good." I doubted anyone would be able to seriously give Achilles or Patroclus any trouble, but I was still on edge. If Boreas was able to hire so many Longinus wielders to help him, there might be others waiting to attack us.

I sighed, pulling Medea tight against me. "This could have gone really bad."

"But it didn't." Medea said. "We'll be even more protected next time. Two gods, a valkyrie, monsters, mages, and Longinus users failed this time. I will make sure next time we are unassailable."

I placed a light kiss against her temple. "What would I do without you?"

Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: Apr 11, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,323 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Apr 11, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 45
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Apr 19, 2026
Add bookmark
#9,137
No.

This wasn't what was supposed to happen. He'd taken steps to prevent this outcome. How were things worse than his vision?

Remiel, archangel, Heaven's Guiding Light, moved about in a frantic panic. Through the blessing he bestowed upon Father Martin, he was able to observe events through the loyal priest's eyes. With so many powerful allies gathered around him, Boreas should have had no issue slaying Balthazar Abaddon. It should have been a slaughter.

It was. Boreas and his allies were slaughtered.

Balthazar not only slew Boreas as Remiel had foreseen, but his witch had committed an affront against God himself, stealing God's gifts to mankind and turning them to the cause of the devil scum.

Such sacrilege must not stand. Remeil knew Balthazar Abaddon was a threat to the world. His actions against Boreas only proved Remiel's fears were true. If the devil was not stopped now, he would grow far too large a threat for anyone to contain.

Remiel threw open the doors to the halls of Heaven, dashing past shocked angels in his haste.

Michael looked up from their father's throne, surprised at the sudden visit.

"Remiel, it is good to see you, brother." Michael greeted warmly, but confused. "I thought you were–"

"Balthazar Abaddon and the witch Medea are able to steal Sacred Gears from mankind." Remiel declared.

Silence fell in paradise. The ever-pleasant atmosphere of the halls of Heaven was corrupted by worry.

Michael's eyes hardened. "Are you sure, brother?"

Remiel didn't answer. Holy Light gathered from his halo, projecting images Remiel watched through Father Martin's eyes before the brave man's death.

Remiel had already welcomed the priest into Heaven. His fight was over. Remiel's had just begun.

Shocked gasps and worried conversation broke out as angels witnessed Medea rip Sacred Gears from their rightful holders.

Michael's expression was grave as Remiel dismissed the images. "I noticed a deviation in the Sacred Gear system. I assumed it wasn't cause for concern. Is the witch able to bind the Sacred Gears to others?"

"I do not know, brother." Remiel said. "Regardless, we cannot allow this to stand. Balthazar Abaddon has proven time and again he cares nothing for the world, only power. He has brought the world onto the brink of war. The Greeks and devils will surely battle now. Their conflict will ravage the mortal world that we are charged to protect. Balthazar and his witch must not be allowed to continue this. They already have multiple Longinus. For the threat they pose not only to the world but to our Holy Father's creations, we must act."

Michael appeared conflicted. Voices swelled behind Remiel as other angels voiced their support of Remiel's words. Others silently watched, awaiting Michael's mandate.

Michael's features turned grave. "We cannot allow humanity to suffer. If the devils are able to make use of these Longinus Sacred Gears they have stolen, if they are twisted to whatever purpose the devils turn them towards… Father's creations must be protected." Michael turned pointedly to Remiel. "I will attempt to resolve this peacefully. Should I fail, you have my blessing to deal with this threat."

Remiel approached Michael, bending at the waist to kiss the back of Michael's hand. "I will not fail you, brother." Remiel turned and levitated up on his wings, hurriedly exiting the hall.

Many angels joined him, pledging their support. Remiel would need them. He would gather other allies. Remiel had seen Balthazar's true strength through Father Martin's eyes. He would not be taken by surprise again. Remiel would turn his future sight against Balthazar. This time, he would not be led astray. He would leverage the information Father Martin gave his life to learn to ensure victory.

The devil would die.


X


Well this was certainly interesting.

Azazel, Governor of the Fallen, Cadre of the Grigori, reread the report in his hand, checking to make sure he hadn't misread it the first time.

Setting the paper aside, Azazel's brilliant mind began to work through the information he'd received.

It was no great secret that the different factions of the supernatural spied on one-another. Azazel knew the identities of most of the spies in his ranks. He didn't get rid of them because he could control what information he gave them. Azazel himself was slightly better at protecting his informants.

How else would he have managed to keep a true angel in Heaven supplying him with information for so long?

Michael had stirred his siblings up into a storm. The reason? Medea Abaddon could steal Sacred Gears from their mortal users and the Sacred Gear system itself.

The angels were frantic, not knowing how to respond to this information. They were panicking, terrified of the thought of devils with so many Longinus Sacred Gears.

Azazel was more reserved. He knew better than anyone that it was possible to separate a Sacred Gear from its host. He'd done it himself dozens of times now. But to remove it from the system itself? Azazel had to either bind his stolen Sacred Gears quickly or put them in a stasis to prevent Heaven's system from reclaiming the creations of his Father. If Medea could really destroy Father's hold on the Sacred Gears…

Color Azazel intrigued.

If only Azazel had learned about this before the world was poised to tear itself apart. The devils were all but certainly going to war with the Greeks. Heaven would likely try to take advantage of the chaos to kill as many devils as possible. Every faction would be watching closely, looking for any opportunity to take advantage of the chaos.

Azazel sighed.

Azazel was the Governor of the Fallen. His siblings looked to him to guide them. He'd grown to resent that. What he wouldn't give to thrust the title on to someone else so he could disappear into his lab to never resurface.

No. Azazel had responsibilities. He desperately wanted to approach the Abaddons, but he had to weigh the consequences for everyone who depended on him.

Why was nothing ever easy?


X


Three figures stood around a table. A report lay in front of them, a missive sent by one of their few spies in the New Satan's ranks. Their spy did not know everything that had transpired, leading to holes in the report, but it was better than nothing, enough to plan.

A tan-skinned woman, the only female present, said, "Balthazar Abaddon was already a figure of interest before. After somehow surviving an attack made by a god, we can no longer put off approaching him. He must be made to fall in line or eliminated."

A man in dark armor with brown hair shook his head. "After a god and multiple Longinus Sacred gears failed to dispose of him? Attacking him would be beyond foolish. No. Balthazar has worked for the betterment of devils since he unseated his uncle. If we approach him in the correct way, I am optimistic he will be willing to listen to us."

A pale man with dark hair slammed his fist on the table. "Balthazar is consorting with Serafall. It's no secret he openly calls her his friend. I will not ally with a fool who stands with the false Satans."

The woman narrowed her eyes. "Careful, Creuserey, that fool just killed a god."

"And in so doing," the brown-haired man said, "Brought the New Satans to the brink of war with Olympus. That will present an opportunity for us."

The woman glared at him. "I have no interest in ruling over a crater, Shalba."

"Hell will need to be remade one way or the other once we retake our rightful place." Creuserey said dismissively. "Think, Katarea, it will be all the easier to rebuild if the Greeks do the difficult part for us."

"Hell is not the limit of my ambition, Creuserey." Katarea countered. "How are we to lead devils to destroy our ancient enemies if there are no other devils to lead?"

"We will not allow Olympus to act with impunity." Shalba said appeasingly, drawing the attention of his compatriots. "The false Satans may weather the bulk of Olympus's power. We will protect those devils the New Satans forget. We will be seen as saviors, the true power we were always meant to be in Hell."

Creuserey frowned. "And the Abaddon?"

"You need not worry about him." Katarea said firmly. "You would act too rashly. Leave Balthazar Abaddon to me. He is a power we cannot afford to dismiss out of hand."

Shalba nodded. "Then I see no reason for this meeting to continue. I will marshall our forces. Expect to hear from me again soon."

One-by-one, the descendants of the old satans, the true rulers of Hell, teleported from the room.


X


Serafall had enough on her plate already. Boreas, god of stupidity, just tried to kill her golden ticket. Serafall was pissed, but she was tempering that rage. Flying off the handle wouldn't fix what was broken. Things were balanced on a razor's edge. She needed to move very carefully.

She had enough to deal with. Her secretary calling her and telling her Michael was demanding a meeting with her was not something she needed to deal with right now.

Serafall stormed into the mortal coffee shop, scanning the interior. On such short notice, she couldn't arrange security sufficient to let an archangel into Hell. Michael similarly didn't want her in Heaven. They'd selected neutral grounds in the mortal world to hold their meeting. Serafall hoped it would be brief.

Humans carried on benign conversations and sipped overpriced drinks as they milled around the area. A man in a pure white suit sat alone in a back corner. Golden hair framed intense features. He watched her closely as she marched over to the table and sat across from him.

"You don't meet with me in person often." Serafall said, skipping the formalities. "Whatever this is, let's just get to the point. We're both busy."

Michael's face was impassive. He watched her reaction closely as he said, "Yes, I imagine you have much to do following Boreas's attack. That is why I have come to speak with you. We must discuss the Sacred Gears Balthazar Abaddon has stolen."

Serafall's eyes narrowed. Frost slowly gathered atop the table beneath her balled fist as she glared into Michael's eyes. "So Remiel wasn't acting alone."

Michael's intense expression twisted as his lips dipped into an uncertain frown. "I do not know what you are insinuating."

Serafall scoffed. "Don't insult my intelligence, Michael. I know Remiel sent the priest to kill Balthazar. I know he's the reason Boreas brought so many mercenaries with him." Serafall grinned viciously. "Pass along my thanks when you see him next, will you? I never would have expected him to do me such a wonderful favor."

Michael's features hardened. "The Sacred gears must be returned, Serafall. Immediately."

"And why in creation would I ever turn our spoils of war over to you?"

"A single Sacred Gear is one thing. A Sacred Gear's host joining a peerage is another. So many unbound Longinus together in one place will upset the balance of power in the supernatural."

"You seemed perfectly fine with things being unbalanced when it was Heaven that benefited from the arrangement. Give me a reason to not walk away from this conversation right now."

Michael's eyes narrowed. "Serafall, I am trying to help you. You will go to war with the Greeks. It is almost certain now. How will the other pantheons respond when they see Hell has accumulated so much power? They will join with Olympus to eradicate you. Work with me and I will help your race avoid extinction. We have been enemies for so long, but I tire of our constant conflict. Returning the Longinus is the gesture we need to achieve true peace. Please, Serafall."

"So I give you what you want in exchange for a vague promise about maybe securing peace?" Serafall shook her head. Her chair scraped against the ground as she stood. "This was a waste of time. Next time, just go back to sending Gabriel. At least she is easy on the eyes. You…"

Serafall trailed off as a stone woven into her bracelet hummed.

Frowning at the interruption, Serafall adjusted the bracelet, brushing her thumb over the stone to activate it.

'Serafall!' Falbium's voice screamed into her mind. 'We need you! It's the Baels. We…'

"Serafall?" Michael said, confused as he watched Serafall's expression twist into a look of shocked horror.

In a flash of icy blue light, Serafall's skirt suit was replaced by dark armor. A pink teleportation circle whisked her away before Michael could get out another word.


X


Zekram Bael delicately cut into his steak. He took a bite, savoring the divine flavor of the meat. Truly, Helios's prized cattle were some of the finest stock he had ever consumed.

"I trust everything is to your liking?" Zekram said simply.

"It is delicious." Lord Gamigin complimented, raising his glass in a salute.

"It is, you are an exceptional host, my lord." Lord Naberius said.

Zekram didn't respond, leaving the devil lords to wonder if their groveling had any effect. It did not, but Zekram would allow them to think he welcomed their presence. They were still useful to him, doubly so after their shared conquest of Thrinacia.

Despite the financial hardship Zekram was experiencing as a result of Helios's tantrum, the ancient devil could not help but be pleased. His agents were second to none. He was notified of Boreas's attack on Balthazar Abaddon before anyone else. Zekram had been mobilizing his own forces to assist when Sirzechs Lucifer ordered everyone to stand down.

Balthazar had defeated Boreas alone. No. Not alone. Sairaorg Vapula, former heir to the Bael Pillar, arrived to support him.

Once more, the strength of Zekram's bloodline was proven to all. Soon, his bloodline would join with that of Balthazar Abaddon through Sairaorg's marriage to Kuisha. Zekram eagerly anticipated their child. With their uncle and their father as a guide, surely that child would rise to heights yet unseen.

As it should be. The Bael legacy was one of supreme power. It was only right that all of Zekram's descendants thrive.

"You brought your peerages as I instructed, I hope." Zekram said, not looking at his guests as he took another bite of his steak.

"Yes, my lord." Lord Gamigin replied immediately. "I assume you require Helios's daughters for some purpose?"

Zekram nodded, allowing Lord Gamigin a minor boost to his pride as if guessing something so obvious was worthy of praise. "I do. I am sure you are aware of Helios's…ill-advised retaliation against me. I intend to disabuse him of further actions. But before that, how have his daughters settled into your peerages?"

Lord Naberius grumbled. "She is rebellious. She refuses to accept the truth of her situation. My Rooks must discipline her constantly."

Zekram offered him an easy smile. "I'm sure that, with time, you will overcome her rebellious attitude. Now, to the reason I summoned you here."

Zekram frowned, feeling a ping through the wards at the far edge of Castle Bael's lands.

That was strange. Who would dare trespass in his lands?

The door to the room was thrown open.

"My lord!" the panicked form of the current Lord Bael, a disappointment in every sense of the word, staggered into the world. "Someone has–"

"Silence." Zekram ordered, wiping his mouth as he stood. "At least pretend to be competent."

Zekram stormed past his weak descendant. Even Magdaran, unmotivated thought the boy was, eclipsed Lord Bael's pathetic presence. Zekram was disgusted to have such weak spawn born of his blood. Every family must have at least one disappointment it seemed.

Dark energy gathered around Zekram's body as he teleported to the castle's exterior.

"My lord," a guard, armored with the Bael family's crest proudly displayed on his chest, greeted Zekram. Dozens of others were already gathering atop the wall.

"Who dares trespass on my lands?" Zekram asked.

"Our scouts will return momentarily, my lord." the guard replied. "I would request that you retreat to the safety of the castle. My men and I will–"

The dark sky of the Underworld was illuminated by a rage-filled golden glow. The horizon was lost in a blinding shine. It was as if a star walked through Hell.

Many of the guards let out shocked cries of fear.

Zekram's eyes narrowed. He refused to show weakness. Even in the face of what approached.

Standing astride a golden chariot pulled by mighty beasts of burden, Helios, Titan of the Sun, armored in divine metal, rode through the sky towards Castle Bael. Flanking the chariot on either side were dozens of forms Zekram couldn't even begin to identify. His attention was fixed on the Sun.

"Zekram Bael!" Helios shouted, raising a whip bursting with the power of the Sun above his head. "You destroyed my paradise. You enslaved my daughters! Retribution has come!"

"Marshall the defenses." Zekram ordered. "He was a fool to strike us here."

It seemed Zekram would have yet another opportunity to prove the Bael blood's supremacy. Much like Boreas assaulted Balthazar Abaddon, Helios would attack him.

Zekram would deal with Helios himself. This battle would be over before Sirzechs arrived to assist his ancestor.

"Guard, take your troops and–"

Zekram hissed in pain, clutching at his side.

"My lord!" the guard cried, slashing his sword through the air at Zekram's side.

An unholy shriek sounded as a spectral, serpent-headed form was cut apart by the guard's blade.

Growling, Zekram ripped the dagger out of his side. Energy crackled around his body as he glared up at the approaching chariot.

Zekram would smother the Sun.


X


Sirzechs Lucifer walked through rubble. Splintered wood and fractured stone crumbled as he walked past. Sirzechs' emotions were far away. He felt muted, subdued. He couldn't feel anything.

It was all gone. They were all gone. It was a blessing Magdaran was still at Castle Abaddon with his new Queen. Sirzechs didn't even want to think what would have happened if every Bael was killed in this attack.

Sirzechs flinched as Ajuka laid a hand on his shoulder.

"Are you alright?" Ajuka asked.

Sirzechs didn't answer. He couldn't even begin to express his feelings about this. The Baels were his kin, yet, despite Sirzechs' efforts, they always felt more like competition than family.

Seeing Castle Bael, a shining symbol of devilkind's power, reduced to splinters and nought but memory was haunting.

Why hadn't the Bael's called for help? Why hadn't Zekram reached out to him? Sirzechs would have come. He would have defended them. Why didn't they notify anyone that they were under attack?

"We need to respond." Sirzechs said, voice filled with iron.

"That was true when it was just Boreas." Serafall agreed, eyes scanning the ruins for any sign of life. "After this? There's only one option."

"War." Falbium said simply, eyes determined.

Sirzechs nodded. "Then we're all in agreement."

"I'll get in touch with Odin and set a meeting with Athena. It's best we do this officially. I don't want to give anyone any more ammunition to use against us right now. Things are precarious enough." Serafall said.

"Good. Let me know when you are ready." Sirzechs said. "I… I will stay here a moment."

Serafall and Falbium teleported away.

Ajuka stepped up next to Sirzechs' side.

"You don't have to stay. We have so much to do to prepare." Sirzechs said.

"Serafall and Falbium are exceptionally competent. At present, you require my presence more than they do." Ajuka said clinically, but Sirzechs was able to hear the emotion Ajuka attempted to hide.

Sirzechs smiled at his friend. "Thank you." His smile disappeared.

Together, the two Super Devils looked out over the ruins of what was once the greatest house in Hell.


X


Athena sat impatiently, tapping her finger on the table in front of her. "Where is she?" Athena demanded.

"She has not sent word that she is not coming. Be patient." Odin said. Once more, Serafall had insisted on using the leader of Asgard as their go-between. It was insulting, as if Serafall couldn't trust Athena to deal with her fairly.

Still, Athena couldn't fault the devil too much. Recent events had…strained things between them.

Athena and Serafall never had a positive relationship, but they were professional. Together, they were able to mitigate their two people's many grievances. In recent days, that had been a steadily failing endeavor.

Athena's father – Zeus, Lord of the Skies – was incensed. She hadn't seen him like this in hundreds of years. Minor gods and goddesses openly defied him at every turn, citing Zeus's overreach and their own desire for freedom from his 'tyranny'. Mortal worship had steadily dried up as the Abrahamic factions solidified their power in regions once devoted to Olympus. And, of course, Zeus's new target of rage.

Balthazar Abaddon.

Zeus never cared when devils reincarnated Greek individuals in the past. Most were beneath his notice, not even worth remarking about. Athena still did her job, squeezing concessions from Serafall for each talent poached from them. Athena understood their position was steadily weakening as time wore on. She could not afford to allow the devils to continue stealing prominent Greeks with no recourse.

Then Hephaestus complained to their father that fewer people were purchasing his wares. That was the beginning of Zeus's interest in Balthazar Abaddon. When Achilles was reincarnated, he took it as a personal slight. How dare a devil think to steal Zeus's legacy?

Zeus demanded restitution from Balthazar himself. He would work as Hephaestus's assistant as he learned his place. Zeus was mighty proud of himself for coming up with that punishment. He'd thought to solve both grievances at once. Wasn't he so great?

Athena knew Serafall would never agree to such lunacy, but it was the only thing her father would listen to. She'd only barely been able to talk him down from attempting to smite the Abaddon boy the next time he was in the mortal world.

Olympus couldn't afford a war. Not now. While the greater powers of her faction were exemplary, some of the strongest in the entire world, the median strength of the devils was superior to that of their forces.

And the devils outnumbered them 40 to 1. The number of their Pillar devils had steadily waned with time, but the number of reincarnated devils and devils without houses was vast.

At the best of times, it would be difficult to face them. Now? It would be a fool's gambit.

Too many minor gods openly defied Zeus. Many higher powers were steadily slipping free of his control as well. Hades scarcely responded to Zeus's call at the best of times, let alone now. The Titans that allied with Zeus against their ancient brethren did not appreciate his paranoid overreach nor his dismissal of Helios from their faction. Selene and Eos were enraged to hear Zeus would take no actions to recover their nieces, taken by Zekram Bael during the destruction of Thrinacia. Athena hadn't heard from them in close to a month now.

It wasn't the first time Zeus's followers found his rule lacking. Measures were put in place to prevent future resistance. Now, those on Olympus itself would follow him without question.

Olympus's power was great, but Athena did not wish to see it tested against the devils, not if she could avoid it.

All the more reason for her to feel irritated that Serafall was so late to their scheduled meeting.

The Leviathan contacts her out of the blue claiming that Boreas organized a force to kill Balthazar Abaddon and demands her presence to sort matters, hopefully averting a devastating war neither of them wanted. Athena dropped everything and appeared at the designated place and time. Nevermind Boreas was no longer welcome on Olympus. Zeus had cast the God of the North Wind out. Serafall knew this and was free to deal with Boreas as she saw fit. Still, in the spirit of peace, Athena came.

Yet Serafall still wasn't here.

Athena loudly pushed her chair back and stood, turning to Odin. "Serafall has wasted enough of my time. If she ever deigns to appear, tell her–"

Athena was cut off as a dark flash swallowed the room. Four figures appeared in a dark burst of teleportation magic. Athena opened her mouth to berate Serafall for her tardiness. Her mouth snapped shut as she noticed who had accompanied Serafall.

Athena was expecting to meet Serafall alone as she had done in the past. She hadn't expected to meet with each of the Four Great Satans of Hell at once.

Serafall stepped to the head of the group, adorned not in the skirt suit she typically favored, but dark armor glowing with icy blue magical power. It didn't escape Athena's notice that the stressed out, desperate expression she'd worn to their recent meetings was gone. In its place, was a furious glare promising pain.

"We had a deal, Athena." Serafall said darkly. "I would keep mine in check. You would keep yours in check."

Athena stood her ground, not willing to let the presence of the other Satans intimidate her as was likely Serafall's intent. "I have held up my end Serafall. Boreas was cast out. He no longer represents Olympus. Whatever has been done with him is of no concern to us."

Serafall's expression didn't shift in the slightest. She didn't blink as she stared deep into Athena's eyes. "What of Khione? Was she cast out?"

Athena frowned. Khione? Come to think of it, she hadn't heard news of the goddess since shortly after Zeus's decree to banish Helios and Boreas. Khione had petitioned Zeus for support and left in a rage when she was denied. Athena hadn't heard a tale of her since. Surely she wasn't stupid enough to join Boreas in his attack?

"If Khione was involved, then–" Athena was not able to continue as Serafall cut her off.

"What of Selene? What of Eos? Were they cast out?"

Athena's eyes narrowed. What was Serafall implying? "I can assure you, Selene and Eros have no reason to strike at Balthazar Abaddon."

"You're right. They didn't attack Balthazar. They assisted Helios as he completely destroyed Castle Bael and all of the devils within." Serafall said, voice cold and emotionless as ice.

Athena felt her skin go cold. Her eyes were unfocused. It was hard to breathe. "No… They wouldn't have…"

Falbium Asmodeus lifted something, hidden until now beneath the table, and tossed it atop the table.

Athena felt the air leave her lungs as the severed head of Khione stared deadly up at her. Golden ichor dripped from the severed stump of her neck to plop on the table.

"Consider this a declaration of war." Sirzechs Lucifer said coldly, dark energy fluttering around his eyes. "You attacked a single Pillar House while it was unprepared. I wonder how you will fare against the full might of the 72 Pillars joined together to destroy you."

Athena finally found her voice. "Serafall, listen to me. Let me–"

"It's done, Athena." Serafall cut her off, eyes murderous. "Leave and deliver our message to Olympus. From this moment on, we are enemies."

Athena swallowed, desperately trying to think of a solution to this mess.

She couldn't.

In a bronze flash, Athena returned to Olympus.

Sitting atop a Golden Throne wearing nought but a thin toga, the white-haired form of Zeus lazed. A trio of giggling nymphs petted at his arms and legs while one sat in his lap, tracing a finger over his jaw.

"Father," Athena announced.

Zeus dismissively waved her away. "Not now, Athena. I am busy."

"The Devils have issued a declaration of war." Athena announced.

All sound ceased. Dozens of heads turned to look up at Zeus atop his throne.

Zeus's amused expression turned to one of surprise, then eagerness. He jostled the shocked nymphs away and stood.

"Good," he announced. "It has been far too long since the mortal world witnessed our power. We will remove the parasites from the world and display our great strength!"

Athena swallowed a lump in her throat.

She did not expect this would end well.


X


The ocean was in turmoil.

Fantastic beasts dashed about erratically. Beautiful forms sculpted from all of the ocean's greatest beauties were marred by worry. The ocean's daughters gathered in a secluded pool.

"The devils declared war!" one cried, a feminine shape with golden skin and silver hair.

"Zeus is calling for us all." A dark-haired woman with pale skin said, wringing her hands nervously.

"Good," another said, amber hair cascaded around delicate shoulders as she challengingly looked around. "It is time to deal with the threat they pose. Have they not taken enough from us already?"

"No," a woman with eyes the color of the darkest depths said. Unlike her sisters, her expression was calm, resolved. "No, I will not fight Zeus's battles for him."

The third woman spun around, enraged. "You would refuse to answer the call of the Lord of the Sky? You would be a traitor!"

"Then a traitor I will be, sister. What has Olympus ever done for us?I can think of nothing but the pain their lust and greed has caused. I will not die in their war, not when my sister numbers among their enemy."

The third woman hissed. "Thetis and Idyia made their choice. Do not be so foolish as to replicate their folly. Am I not your kin as well?"

"You are a fool still lusting after Zeus's attention, begging him to take you as he has taken so many against their will. I will not join you in your desperate gambit to gain his attention. No. I will go to Idyia. She will take me in."

A tense silence filled the cove. The ocean's daughters looked between one-another anxiously. Expressions hardened as lines were drawn, sides were silently chosen.

"I cannot let you go." the third woman said threateningly.

Dark eyes narrowed. "Then stop me."

Water churned and roiled as a dozen goddesses unleashed their fury against one-another.


X


Sirzechs, Ajuka and Falbium were quick to leave after Athena departed. Serafall lagged behind, heavily falling into a chair as she sighed.

"That happened." Odin commented, expression guarded as he slowly sat at Serafall's side.

"It was the only way forward." Serafall said quietly. "Three Greek Titans nearly eradicated an entire Pillar. If it were just the attack against Balthazar we maybe could have figured something out, but this…?" Serafall shook her head.

"For what it is worth, I apologize for Hildr's role in the attack on Castle Abaddon." Odin said. "We did not realize she was gone until last night. She must have been coordinating with them in secret."

Serafall waved off his apology. "You wouldn't have ordered her to try to kill Balthazar, not knowing what you know. I know she was acting alone."

Odin tilted his head. "You do not desire concessions?"

"There's only one thing I want." Serafall turned to fully face him. "When I was here last, you said Asgard wouldn't stand by if it meant losing access to what Balthazar can give you. Did you mean that? Do you still mean that, knowing what it will entail? The Greeks will only be the first wave. Others will see us weakened and try to take advantage of this war. Michael himself practically admitted the Angels would take a swing at us."

A small smile spread across Odin's face. "Few of our adversaries have bothered to pay attention to us in recent years. They have failed to notice as we grew strong. We've only scratched the surface of what we can accomplish by allying with the Abaddon boy and we're already leagues ahead of where we were before him, and we were certainly not weak before. I think Zeus and his inbred pantheon have wreaked enough havoc on the world. I would rather reach a peaceful resolution to this conflict, but if it must end with their eradication, the world will be better for it, I think."

Serafall nodded slowly. "Alright. I'm going to send one of my people to coordinate with you. Lucifaad will be open to Asgard. Send your own agents there and have them come to my office. Please don't make me regret lowering the wards for you."

"You will not. A little raven told me Chimera and Ladon are free of their Sacred Gears. Why would I alienate an ally that could perhaps do the opposite and seal away the monsters that would bring about Ragnarok?"

The temperature in the room slowly lowered. "How do you know that?" Serafall demanded. Very few people had witnessed Chimera and Ladon's prisons breaking, and she doubted Odin had heard it from any of them.

"I sent Huginn and Muninn to Hell when I learned Hildr was gone. I was going to call them back when the battle ended, but they saw Coal leading Ladon and Chimera around before they came back." Odin explained calmly.

Serafall frowned. She hadn't noticed the ravens. Then again, she'd been focused on other things, and those ravens were created to be the best covert spies the leader of Asgard could ever ask for. Still, she'd set up some precautions later.

Serafall stood. "My agent will be here soon. Lucifaad is open to you. I expect we'll meet again soon."

Odin stood, offering his hand. "That we will…ally."

Serafall shook his hand with a nod. "Allies. Farewell."

Serafall stepped back and vanished in a flash of pink.

Serafall rushed through the halls of her home, feeling for a miniscule drain on her demonic power, following it.

"You're back!" Ignvild said, the first to notice her. Mami looked up and let out a relieved breath when she saw Serafall.

"Has anything happened since I left?" Serafall asked.

Mami shook her head. "We're all fine."

Serafall nodded. "Good." She walked past her Bishop and Pawn, walking right up to the third woman in the room.

Seraphine, Serafall's warlock, shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot. "Is something wrong?"

"We're officially at war." Serafall said plainly, not wasting any time or sugar-coating things. She needed everyone to know what they were now involved in. "It's inevitable that you will all have to fight. I want you to be as protected as possible."

In a flash of crimson light, a glowing red chess piece appeared in Serafall's hand. "Ajuka wanted to run tests, otherwise I would have done this straightaway. Seraphine…you don't have to accept, but it will make you safer and–"

"Yes," Seraphine cut her off, stepping forward to grasp Serafall's hand and guide the Evil Piece towards her chest. "I… I thought you didn't think I was good enough."

Serafall smiled softly. "Of course you're good enough. I'm so glad I found you, Seraphine." Serafall pressed the piece into Seraphine's chest, pulling her head down so she could kiss Seraphine's forehead.

Seraphine gasped. Power exploded all around her. Seraphine threw her head back and screamed. Her scream turned to a powerful roar. White scales gathered along her arms and legs. Seraphine's roar cut off and the scales receded. She panted, eyes wide, smiling from ear to ear.

Serafall was pushed backwards as Seraphine tackle-hugged her. "Thank you."

Serafall smiled, holding her newest Pawn close. "Thank you, Seraphine."

As Mami and Ingvild walked close to join the hug, Serafall couldn't help as her mind wandered.

With this war on, she needed to do everything she could to bolster the strength of devils. She'd need to coordinate with Balthazar to take every moderately trustworthy devil that wouldn't speak about his ability to move between worlds to create a warlock or two. They needed the extra strength, especially after losing the Bael Pillar so unceremoniously. It would also work to hopefully safeguard Clan Traits. If Magdaran had been at Castle Bael when the Titans attacked, devilkind's hold on the Power of Destruction would have grown dangerously weak. They needed to safeguard their powers any way they could.

Maybe that wasn't the extent of how Balthazar could help? Balthazar promised to take her to find more magical girls. Sure, there was a war on and other things would take priority, but she had enough time to find one or two more, right?

Bad Serafall! Focus on the survival of your race first. Magical girls could wait.
Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: Apr 19, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,302 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Apr 19, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 46
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Apr 25, 2026
Add bookmark
#9,312
Amethyst mist swam in and out of Castle Abaddon's walls. Hulking constructs of red armor plating walked patrols through the halls. The castle itself seemed to hum with hidden power.

Medea, Aqua and Irene hadn't slept last night. They were locked up in Medea's lab the whole time. The end result? Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker were now bound to the castle, their power at the beck and call of anyone whose name ended in 'Abaddon'.

I could feel it, a gentle urging at the end of my awareness. It was as if the castle was alive, gently coaxing me to make use of its newfound power, begging me to unleash it against my enemies.

As Lord Abaddon, I felt something akin to loyalty from the castle. Medea reported something similar, though to a lesser extent from her last name of Abaddon and more in the vein of a creation showing deference to its creator.

Through this strange feeling, I could alter the castle's newly manifested will to grant others a modicum of influence over it, but the castle felt resistant against those not carrying the Abaddon name. When I removed Kuisha from the system, the castle resisted, only relenting as I gently explained she would soon be a Vapula, leaving us behind.

Arguing with a newly semi-sentient castle about who should and should not have access to its apocalyptic powers was not on my bingo card, but here we were.

Medea wasn't entirely sure where the castle's new mind came from. Was it a freakish happenstance of magic born from the union of two Longinus Sacred Gears with an already magically saturated castle? Was it an unintended consequence of Aqua using her Keyblade to unlock the castle's potential so it could host Sacred Gears?

We didn't know, and we had other things to focus on right now. The castle wasn't hostile to us, quite the opposite. It felt almost zealous in its worship of anything and everything 'Abaddon'.

The castle's new semi-intelligence seemed to come with good and bad. The good was that Medea and I didn't need to manually control any of the new protections. Even the old defenses she'd set into the walls seemed to be operating under their own power now. The castle worked independently of us, doing what it believed would be most beneficial to its Abaddon masters. With a war with Greek Gods looming, that meant printing disposable soldiers with the efficiency of a newspaper publication and spreading defensive mist all through our lands to prevent any more surprise teleportations.

The bad? Well… The castle didn't like answering to anyone that didn't share my last name, even those in my peerage. It recognized them as members of my house who belonged within its walls and who it must protect, but it didn't seem to respect their authority to the same degree as myself and Medea.

I needed my peerage to have access to the castle's defenses and for the castle not to resent aiding them as weird as that was to say.

There was an easy solution. Something I'd been meaning to do for some time but hadn't got around to. After Serafall sent word of what happened at Castle Bael, it felt even more important to do this now.

The news of Castle Bael's destruction shocked everyone in Castle Abaddon. At the time, Sairaorg was still present with his peerage. Magdaran was also here, a small mercy. If he'd been in the castle when Helios attacked… It was a good thing he was here instead.

Magdaran broke down. It was expected. He just learned his childhood home, his family, and the many servants he was likely friends with in Castle Bael were all gone. He didn't know what to do.

Sairaorg took charge. Despite hearing his childhood home was nothing but rubble, he stood strong, gathering his peerage and distraught brother and taking them all back to the safety of Castle Vapula. He wasn't going to let his brother out of his sight. Before he left, Sairaorg told me to be on standby in case he needed my help protecting Magdaran. He thought it was possible Helios might try to finish the job and eradicate the last Bael.

Helios's battle was with Zekram. I didn't think he would attack Magdaran, but I also never would have expected the Titan to be so brazen as to attack Castle Bael.

I told Sairaorg he had my support. The looming threat of the Titan potentially taking issue with us was what drove Medea, Irene and Aqua to work through the night, working as fast as they could to bind the two Longinus Sacred Gears to the castle. We were able to fend off Boreas's attack. If three Titans came for us, I didn't know if we'd be so lucky. We needed a way to hide ourselves away so that we'd be unassailable – Dimension Lost.

It was done now. In their haste, the mystical craftsmen in my peerage had accidentally awakened an intelligence in my castle. We'd monitor the situation, but for now, the castle felt unwaveringly loyal to me, I needed to extend that to the rest of my peerage.

We were all gathered in a massive chamber Medea constructed to be a ballroom. The far wall held many windows overlooking my territory, obscured slightly by a thin mist swimming through the land. I hadn't hosted any balls yet, but there was certainly room to do so here.

"Thanks for coming." I said, stepping up onto an elevated stage meant for musicians to play live music. I turned and looked over my peerage. Perseus and Patroclus were here as well. Idyia and Thetis stood together at the back of the group. Mothra stood on Shang Tsung's head in moth form. Matatabi napped in the fire of a brazier on the wall. Every resident of my land was gathered.

"Have we heard from Serafall?" Shang Tsung asked.

I shook my head. "I imagine she's up to her neck in work right now. We'll try to figure out more of what's going on, but that can come later. There's something we need to take care of now."

I looked around, motioning at the castle walls. "I'm sure you've all felt the shift in the castle. Medea, Irene and Aqua succeeded in binding Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker to it. An unintended side-effect is the castle is now partly alive. It's not a bad thing, but it is making certain things more difficult. The castle really likes Abaddons, to the point where it doesn't want to let anyone else use its defenses."

I paused, sighing. "Before all of this started, back when I was living in a small house with my sister, I had one major goal. I wanted to rebuild the Abaddon House. I wanted to bring us back to the standing we once held. Thanks to all of you, that goal was not only accomplished, but exceeded. The Abaddons have never been more powerful, but there's a problem. There aren't many of us. The Baels were just nearly eradicated, and they had far more people than we do. Once Kuisha becomes Lady Vapula, there will only be two Abaddons in Hell, myself and Medea. If I really want the Abaddon family to thrive into the future, we need to expand."

Aqua's eyes widened. "Is Medea pregnant?"

I was so caught off-guard by the question that I lost my train of thought. "I…what?"

"You need more Abbadons, so you're having a kid, right?" Aqua asked, excited. Her excitement slowly tapered off as she saw my evident confusion. "Or…not?"

Medea smiled softly, eyes far away. "While that would be great news, sadly, that is not the case."

I met Medea's eyes. In her mind, I said, 'You want kids?'

'Now isn't the time to discuss this, my love.' Medea said. 'Continue your announcement.'

Nodding in agreement to pause this conversation for later, I turned my attention back to my peerage. "No, Medea is not pregnant, but I do have a plan for expanding my house. At the start of all this, I came up with two potential ways to grow the house to what it once was. The first, and least personally appealing to me, was to follow in many other devil's footsteps and try to gather a harem and have a lot of kids. The idea of having a harem has never really appealed to me for a variety of reasons. Then I met Medea and found everything I would ever want or need, banishing any ember of thought that I might take that course. The second option was the one I always planned on using regardless. Are you all familiar with the concept of a branch family?"

Irene's eyes narrowed in thought. She gently rocked the slumbering form of Seri in her arms as she said, "You plan to bring outsiders into your house? I would caution you to choose wisely."

I smiled. "I already have. Most devils see their peerage as servants, some as slaves. I've never viewed any of you like that and never will. You're family. I think it's about time we make it official."

Some of my peerage looked around confused. Shang Tsung and Irene were the first to realize what I meant.

"Master, you…you want to make us Abaddons?" Shang Tsung asked, voice cracking with emotion.

I smiled warmly at him. "I'm extending the offer. Don't feel compelled to accept, but if any of you are interested, I'll gladly have you. I was planning on putting everyone who accepted the offer at the head of their own branch of the Abaddon family. We can sort out the finer details later, but if any of you are interested we can do this right now. I recently found out that as Lord Abaddon, what I say goes in regards to my family. If I name you an Abaddon, you're an Abaddon. It's that simple."

Silence fell over the room. My peerage looked between each other, some excited, others hesitant. Thetis and Idyia watched silently from the side, though I saw a knowing smirk on Idyia's lips.

Shang Tsung walked forward. All eyes were on him as he knelt before me.

"My lord Abaddon, words cannot express the depth of my gratitude to you. I was nothing. My destiny was to die in the dirt, forgotten and alone. You have elevated me far beyond even my wildest imaginings. I will gratefully accept your offer so I may continue to serve you for the rest of this great life you have given me." Shang Tsung said, almost choking on some of the words. I'd never seen him so emotional.

I walked down from the stage, bending down to help Shang Tsung back to his feet.

Smiling, I laid a hand on his shoulder. "I'd be overjoyed to have you. You've grown more than I ever could have expected since I reincarnated you. I'm excited to see where you go in the future. I name you Shang Tsung Abbadon, Head of the Shang Tsung Branch. We can workshop the name later if you want."

I felt a change come over Shang Tsung, myself and the castle itself. It was unexpected. When I made Medea Lady Abaddon, it had been simple, a matter of acknowledging the role my wife was already practically filling. This was different.

I felt a metaphysical thrum in the air as Shang Tsung became devil nobility in an instant.

My eyes narrowed. I reached out to Medea through our connection. 'You felt that, right?'

'I did.' she confirmed.

'Good. I think that's what the devils in Baator can use to sense us. We'll need to find a way to mask it when we're not swamped with preparations for war.'

'I will handle it, my love.' Medea said.

Shang Tsung fell to his knees before me. "I am honored, my lord. I will spend eternity serving this house."

"You don't have to kneel." I said awkwardly. "You're making me feel like an evil overlord."

A tingling query.

I blinked, looking at Mothra atop Shang Tsung's head. Her eyes stared up at me inquisitively.

"I mean, I don't have a problem with making you a member of the same branch house Shang Tsung is in. Shang Tsung, are you okay with that?" I asked my Pawn.

Shang Tsung looked up at me with a brilliant smile. "I would be overjoyed."

Shrugging, I said, "Mothra, I name you Mothra Abaddon of the Shang Tsung Branch."

Mothra preened, fluttering her wings. I felt the same change come over her that just went over Shang Tsung.

Behind them, Aqua hesitantly raised a hand. "Do I have to give a big speech and swear a lot of oaths?"

I smiled, amused. "That's not necessary."

"Cool. That's not really my style. I also don't really want a branch house. That sounds like a lot of work. Can I just be an Abaddon?" she asked.

"Aqua, I name you Aqua Abaddon."

She smiled, happy. "Thanks, Bal."

"Thank you," I countered. "So much of what I've accomplished wouldn't have been possible without you."

Achilles awkwardly shuffled from foot to foot. "Forgive me, my lord, but…"

I raised my hand haltingly. "If you don't want to take my name, then don't. I'm extending the offer, but I won't be offended if you don't accept."

Achilles visibly relaxed. "Thank you. I'm sorry, but–"

"You don't need to explain yourself. Like I said, I'm not offended. Does anyone else want to be an Abaddon?"

"Will anything change if I take your name?" Matatabi asked, one eye peeking open to look at me.

I looked up at where her fiery body was engulfed in the flame of the brazier. "Not if you don't want it to. You could build your own–"

"I'm good." Matatabi cut me off, her eye closing again as she shifted to get comfortable.

Chuckling, I turned back to the others. "Anyone else?"

"I accept, my lord." Irene said, dipping into a very shallow curtsy. "If you are willing, I would like my own branch as well. May I ask that you also give my daughter your name?"

"Irene, I name you Irene Abaddon. I name your daughter Seri Abaddon. I name you head of the–"

"Belserion." Irene cut in, a conflicted emotion passing over her face.

I nodded. "Irene, I name you head of the Belserion Branch of the Abaddon family." I looked up. "Anyone else?"

Coal smiled at me. "I appreciate the offer, master, but I already took a new name. I'm Coal. That's all I need."

"Understood. Anyone else?" I asked.

Keno hesitantly raised a hand. "I… Could I have your name? I don't need a house, but…"

"Keno, I name you Keno Abaddon." I said.

A bright, happy smile spread across Keno's face. "Thank you. I… Thank you."

I turned to the last member of my peerage. "Shiroe?"

Shiroe swallowed nervously, looking around as he became the center of attention. "I… Can I have some time to think?"

"Of course. This can happen any time. If you decide you don't want it, I won't be offended. Take all the time you need."

Shiroe visibly relaxed. "Thank you. I need to think about it."

Shang Tsung raised his hand. "Master, can you rename my branch to the Soul Branch?"

I raised an eyebrow at him. "You want to broadcast that you steal souls?"

Shang Tsung shook his head. "It's not that. It just… It feels right."

I pursed my lips. "Mothra, are you okay with that?"

Chittering agreement.

"Shang Tsung, I declare your branch is renamed to the Soul Branch."

Shang Tsung smiled softly. "Thank you, master."

"Don't mention it. That's all I needed from you guys. Thanks for meeting with me. If you need to rest after the attack or have preparations you need to make for the war that is definitely happening soon, you're released to do whatever."

Aqua and Keno left through a Keyhole. Shiroe and Irene both teleported away. The rest all slowly filed out through the halls. All except for Matatabi. She was still asleep in the fire of the brazier.

With that one move, the future of the Abaddon family was all but assured, regardless of what happened in this war.

I had no intention of letting the incestuous gods on Olympus kill me, but it would be arrogant and naive not to acknowledge that it was possible I wouldn't make it through this. Now, with or without me, my house would thrive.

We wouldn't even lose our oh-so-coveted Clan Trait Hole. Aqua's Keyblade, while not exactly inheritable in the same way a Clan Trait was, did just about everything I could do only better. Hell, Shang Tsung and Keno could use Hole itself, albeit with less skill than I did. Maybe they'd get better as time went on?

As the last of my peerage filed out of the grand ballroom, I turned to Medea at my side. 'Kids.' I said in her mind.

Medea smiled softly. 'Yes. I want children. But now is not the time. Fighting a war pregnant is not wise. We already have one infant to care for during this conflict in Seri. Adding another will complicate matters.'

'I don't want to rush. We just got married. Let's enjoy that for a while after the war. Assuming we don't die, of course.'

Medea scowled at me. 'Do not even speak of such things. You will not die. I will not allow it.' She walked forward and wrapped her arms around me, pulling me into a hug.

I sighed, leaning into her. It felt like I was in heaven.

Naturally, that was when my phone rang.

Grumbling, I pulled back from Medea to answer my phone.

"Yes?" I said, failing to hide my irritation.

"I need you, Bal. Are you free to come to my office?" Serafall said quickly, sounding distracted.

"What do you need?"

"I need transport. Shouldn't be said over the phone. Are you free?"

I shared a look with Medea. 'Call me if anything happens. I'll drop anything and come back.' I said in her mind.

She nodded. 'I will watch over things in your stead. With Dimension Lost, another attack against us is nearly impossible. We will be fine.'

"I'm on my way." I said into my phone. I hung up then leaned into Medea, pulling her against me into a deep kiss. She eagerly reciprocated. I lost myself in her embrace.

After what felt like centuries but also only a moment, I pulled back. "I'll see you soon."

I stepped back into a Hole. I emerged in front of Serafall's office building in Lucifaad and pushed the door open.

I froze in the entryway, falling into a defensive stance, demonic power thrumming through me.

Serafall's secretary was in her usual place behind Serafall's desk. There was another figure with her.

A tall, muscular, brown-haired valkyrie looked at monitors over the secretary's shoulder. The valkyrie looked up as I entered.

"Balthazar Abaddon, yes? The Leviathan is expecting you." she said. Her piece said, she returned her attention to the monitor, resuming her quiet conversation with the devil secretary at her side.

Watching the secretary and the valkyrie, I made my way to the elevator at the back wall.

I rode the elevator up and walked into Serafall's office.

Serafall stood with her back to the door, leaned over her desk.

"I ran into a valkyrie downstairs." I said conversationally as I entered.

"We've burned a lot of goodwill with the supernatural. Asgard is so far our only ally." Serafall said simply as she turned around, a stack of papers in her hand.

"You said you need transport. Faerun?"

She nodded. "We need every advantage we can get right now. Ajuka gathered a group of devils he's vetted as being trustworthy. I want to try to get them all warlocks."

I frowned. "How many people are we talking here?"

"Twenty."

I shook my head. "I don't see my secret staying a secret with that many unknowns."

Serafall sighed. "It already isn't a secret, Bal. Why do you think Asgard is allying with us? Odin already figured out what you can do. It's just a matter of time until everyone else does."

"What do you mean Odin figured it out?"

Serafall shook her head. "Something about the materials you traded them not being possible to have generated in our world. I don't know the specifics, but he put it together. We need to take full advantage of this before everyone figures out what you can do and comes after you. I've started organizing a team to guard your lands. They'll–"

"That's not necessary." I cut her off.

Serafall shook her head. "I get you don't want strangers around, but after Boreas, others will–"

"No, I mean it's already taken care of. Medea bound Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker to the castle. No one will be able to touch us."

Serafall looked up, surprised. "Medea was able to bind a Longinus to an inanimate object? You bound two Longinus to your castle?"

"Castle Abaddon is now likely the safest place in our world. Even if someone arranges a force capable of assaulting us, we can just disappear into the mist. No one is going to attack my home again." I declared.

I still hadn't tested the limits of that, but I knew it was possible. If we activated Dimension Lost, would the castle just vanish from reality, returning when we deactivated the Sacred Gear? Or would we be able to transport the castle around?

I'd always wanted to live in Castlevania…

Serafall digested my words for a moment before nodding. "I'll disband that team I was going to send you. That lets me allocate them elsewhere. But I still need your help getting these devils warlocks. They're only the first group, the trial run. If it works, I imagine we'll be taking more. Can I count on you to transport them?"

I frowned. "I don't like this, Serafall. My power comes from my monopoly on other worlds."

"Yes, and now we're facing a pissed off Greek pantheon that has already demonstrated the capability and willingness to eradicate the strongest Pillar in Hell. We need the extra firepower."

I sighed.

I really didn't want to turn into a multiversal taxi, but if the Greeks kept slaughtering their way through the Pillars, then everything I'd built would be at risk. They needed to be stopped.

Still, I wanted to protect my monopoly.

"Fine." I said. "I'll transport this group. I make no promises for the future though. I have my own preparations to make. Have your devils bring a mortal with them that they like, maybe a contracted magician. We can use this as an experiment to see if we only need Baator's system or if it has to be people native to that world too. Hell, maybe see if they can make other devils into warlocks. That would be interesting."

Serafall pursed her lips. "What are you planning?"

"I'm trying to keep my cards close to my chest. None of them will have any reason to suspect they're going to another world. I have some facilities set up in Faerun that I can clear out to make it look like one of Ajuka's labs or at least a research site. We can say you're using me to transport them so no one knows where the location is. Bringing their own warlock candidates prevents people from Faerun spilling that they're in another world. If they figure it out anyway, then at least I can say I tried."

After a moment, Serafall nodded. "Okay. I'll need a minute to tell them to bring others along."

"Take your time. I need to go clear out one of the workshops near a mine. Call Medea when you're ready. She'll let me know and I'll open a Hole from right here in your office to the warehouse. Sound good?"

"Sounds good. I'll see you in a bit, Bal." Serafall vanished in a flash.

I stepped back through a Hole.

I looked around. Crystals, tools and carts lay discarded around the underground workshop. I'd need to clean this all up. Luckily, I could cheat.

Holes opened to swallow everything incriminating, sending everything back to Castle Abaddon.

I frowned, thinking. I stepped back through another Hole, heading home for a brief moment.

I walked up to the nearest wall of my castle and laid a hand on it. "I need creatures designed to thrive as miners. I also need a host of monsters that can protect them. How long will it take you to make them?"

The castle wall beneath my hand pulsed, as if the castle itself was thrilled, eager to serve.

A slinking form sloughed onto the floor behind a tapestry. A thick, bulky form rose from the ground, stepping out from beneath a table. All around me, misshapen monstrosities crawled from shadows.

Smiling, I patted the wall appreciatively. "Thank you. Please continue making them. Either Aqua or I will transport them where they need to go."

Holes opened around each of the monsters, sending them to my mines. I walked into the last Hole, returning to Faerun.

I stuck my hands in my pockets and leaned against the rough, rocky wall of my underground workshop. I'd finished cleaning and securing an even larger workforce in just around five minutes. Serafall likely wouldn't be ready for a while yet.

I waited for a few minutes in silence before frowning. Evidently, the devils she gathered weren't expecting to bring mortals with them. Some likely didn't have contracted magicians and were scrambling to find someone that would work. I'd apologize to Serafall, but even by agreeing to this I was doing her a massive favor. I knew it was inevitable that people would learn of my ability, just look at Odin, but I wanted to maintain what advantage I still had while I could.

Sighing, I pushed off the wall.

Serafall might be a minute. I didn't want to just sit around and wait. It had been a minute since I checked in on my warlocks. They also didn't know I was at war. They could use an update.

I walked into a Hole. I appeared beneath the shade of a large tree in front of Cyvis's ancestral home, hidden from prying eyes by vegetation and the large stone wall around the exterior of the grounds.

Hands in my pockets, I walked up to the front door. I pulled the cord on the bell and settled in to wait.

"My… My lord!" Cyvis's panicked voice answered almost immediately through the door's enchantment. "Please come in!"

"You're not busy are you?" I asked as the door swung inward on its own. "I don't want to create problems for you." The last few times I'd been here, I just barged in and left Cyvis and Vellia to awkwardly explain my presence to their subordinates. I was trying to do better.

"Your presence is never an imposition, my lord. Please, come in. Rath will meet you in the entryway and lead you to me."

I stepped inside and was immediately met by a thin male elf with dark hair I recognized as the groundskeeper Rath Lain.

Rath bowed deeply as I approached. "If you would follow me, my lord Abaddon. Lady Cyvis awaits you in her study."

I followed quietly as he led me up to Cyvis's office. I'd been here enough now that I knew the general layout of Cyvis's home.

Cyvis stood as Rath opened the door for me. She straightened out her dress and dipped into a curtsy. "It is always an honor to see you, my lord."

Holding back a sigh at the formality, I said, "You can relax, Cyvis. Haven't I said all that is unnecessary?"

"You have, my lord." Cyvis said, eyes averted. "But such disrespect would be improper. You are my lord. I shall respect you as such."

"Whatever makes you more comfortable I suppose." I said, resigned.

"Pleasurable as I find your visits to be, my lord, you rarely come without a purpose. May I ask how I can assist you?"

I winced. "Sorry about that. I have been barging in a lot recently, haven't I? It wasn't my intention to put you out, but events forced my hand. I apologize."

"Your apology is unnecessary, my lord. It is a privilege to serve."

"Well, you can relax for today. I don't need anything. I'm just here to check in."

Cyvis looked up finally, eyebrows furrowed. "To 'check in', my lord?"

"I just wanted to see how you and Vellia were doing and let you know about some developments back home. Actually, where is Vellia?"

"Vellia is in town recruiting for an expedition we have planned. I will recall her." Cyvis said, reaching into a pouch at her side.

"That's not nec–"

"Vellia?" Cyvis said, holding a stone up to her lips.

After a moment, Vellia's voice spoke from the stone. "I'm here, Cyvis."

"Our lord is here. Your presence is requested."

"I'll be right there." Vellia said, frantic.

I rubbed my forehead, sighing. "Tell her to find an alley or somewhere else out of view. I'll transport her."

As Cyvis relayed my order, I closed my eyes, reaching out to the small drain on my demonic power that would lead to my second warlock.

As I focused, I felt the drain. It was different than it was before. It felt…weaker. I thought something was wrong, so I reached out to my connection to Cyvis. Hers was the same. The drain didn't feel as strong as it once did. Did my warlocks siphon less of my power as they grew stronger?

…Did I somehow grow stronger, making the drain less noticeable? I hadn't been training nearly as much as I once had. Come to think of it, I hadn't done much of anything to grow in recent days. I'd been too focused on overseeing my peerage, my business, Serafall's contact with Dispatar… Damn. I've been busy.

Maybe killing Boreas did something? Did my Sacred Gear siphon power like Shang Tsung could? Or was this all something unrelated? Maybe killing a god in general just left after effects on the killer? I'd look into it.

But it got me thinking. I hadn't been growing recently. That hadn't really been a problem. In recent days, my challenges have been rating games. I could just cut my peerage loose in those and not worry. I was at war with Olympus now. I needed to do something. I couldn't hide in Castle Abaddon forever. Even if we could use Dimension Lost to pull our home away from reality, something we still hadn't tested, we couldn't spend eternity hiding behind its walls. I didn't want to have to leave DXD behind, I had too many friends there, too much invested. That meant we'd have to deal with Olympus and anyone else that might come after us.

I needed to get stronger.

"My lord," Vellia greeted as she emerged from a Hole. She knelt on the ground before me, head bowed low. "It is an honor to see you again."

"You can relax, Vellia." I said, giving up on ever getting her and Cyvis to cease with the bowing. It was likely just a product of where they'd lived their lives. Faerun was very different from the environment I grew up in. "It's good to see you too. Cyvis said you were preparing for an expedition?"

Vellia smiled proudly as she stood, still not looking directly at me. "That is correct, my lord. We are preparing a journey to Kharad-Veth. Cyvis believes we will be able to create a foothold there. With time, we could even grow to control the city, reestablishing it as a point of trade between the surface and the Underdark."

I nodded, impressed. "You two have certainly been busy. Let me know if you need anything. I can fund you and supply manpower pretty easily. If you need debris cleared or buildings repaired, recent events have made it trivial for me to supply you with manpower."

Cyvis's lips pulled into a small frown. "'Recent events', my lord?"

I waved away her concern. "A god attacked me. Well, two gods. Two-and-a-half? Three? I'm not sure how demigods count, but there were two of those in addition to the two gods. We killed them and took their toys. You don't need to worry about it."

Silence fell in the study. Vellia's eyes were wide. She looked frozen in place. Cyvis's jaw opened and closed. No sound emerged.

Right. Maybe don't casually admit to killing gods in the presence of people whose concept of divinity is different.

"They weren't the same as the gods you have here." I explained. "Much weaker. We have divine powers back home that rival and even surpass most gods here, but these two were certainly not among them. Well, at least the stronger ones."

"My lord," Cyvis said slowly, finally finding her voice. "I have borne witness to your power. I am still awed. I… Perhaps this is a foolish question, but is there anything myself or Vellia can do in our limited power to assist you?"

"Neither of you need to do anything. You're already doing marvelously here." I assured them. "I hadn't expected you'd try to take over that city. That's a great undertaking. You should focus on that."

"We intend to take Kharad-Veth to better aid you, my lord." Vellia said with passion. "The city is pointless if we lose your patronage."

Cyvis flinched slightly. "That is the primary reason, my lord. But…"

I raised an eyebrow. "Is something wrong? You don't need to worry about disappointing me, Cyvis. Just tell me the issue. I'll help if I can."

Cyvis swallowed nervously, shaking her head. "I would never add to your troubles after you were attacked by gods, my lord."

My head fell into my hand. "Cyvis, please, just tell me what's wrong."

Cyvis shared a look with Vellia. They seemed to have a silent conversation.

Cyvis stood tall, back straight, muscles tense. "My value to you will soon lessen, my lord."

I blinked, confused. "Um…what?"

"My parents sent word. They are returning next month." Cyvis said. "When they return, my father will once more be at the head of the house. I… I expect he will not be pleased with the actions I have taken in his absence. I am not his heir, yet I have used his treasury and influence for my own purposes."

"If money is the only problem, just tell me how much you need to pay him back and I'll cover it." I said easily. I was beyond rich. If throwing some money around could keep Cyvis on good terms with her family, I'd consider that money well spent.

Cyvis seemed shocked at my blase offer. She squeezed her eyes shut. Was she holding back tears?

"Thank you, my lord," Cyvis said. "But that is only one problem, the less important of the two. I… I am a disappointment. My parents selected my brother as their heir because I failed to live up to their expectations. I have acted in their stead to create your mining company. They will be displeased."

My eyes narrowed as I looked between Cyvis and Vellia. Vellia squeezed Cyvis's hand in support. Cyvis was doing her best to hold herself together.

So Cyvis wasn't worried about her parents being angry and damaging her relationship with them. If I was reading things right, she was worried what they'd do to her.

I'd never gone out of my way to be a good person. Other people's problems were their problems, not mine. On the contrary, I had the capacity to be a right bastard when I needed to. I didn't delight in causing pain, but you could be damn sure I'd do what was necessary to secure my future and that of those close to me.

The thought that some prick had reduced my warlock to this level of fear pissed me off.

"Cyvis," I said, pulling her attention to me. "First, I want to be very clear. I don't count your worth by what you can do for me. Losing access to the Loralee family's influence won't alter my appraisal of you one ounce. Second, if you are worried about retaliation from your family, don't be. If they want to act against you, they will have to go through me."

Cyvis gasped. Vellia sucked in a sharp breath. Both stared at me in awe.

Oops. I didn't mean to flex my Demonic Power at them like that.

Few things could get me angry. Hearing about people trying to mess with my people was at the top of the list. So soon after Boreas tried to attack my home, hearing Cyvis was afraid of her own parents of all people was setting me off.

"I…" Cyvis fell into a deep curtsy, head bowed low. I pretended not to notice a single tear falling away from her face. "Thank you, my lord. If there is anything you require, I am at your service."

I pursed my lips. "I know you said you were planning an expedition to Kharad-Veth. How urgent is that?"

"It is not urgent, my lord." Vellia said quickly. "The city will remain hidden as it has for centuries. If you require our presence, we are at your service."

I shook my head. "Not so much that. You've both done great work. How do you feel about a vacation?"

My warlocks shared a look. "A vacation, my lord?" Vellia asked.

"Do you want to come hang out in my castle for a while?" I clarified.

Vellia's eyes flew wide. Cyvis went stock still.

"I would be honored, my lord." Vellia said, falling back to they round to kneel before me.

I sighed. "Please stand up." As Vellia stood, I frowned. "Fair warning, things are a little crazy right now. The devils of my world just declared war on the pantheon that attacked me. My peerage will be preparing for war, but you're welcome to stay as long as you like."

Vellia's expression hardened. "You are going to war, my lord?"

I nodded. "It's inevitable. I'm…kind of important back home. I don't think I'll be on the frontline, but I don't see a way out of this where I'm not fighting in some capacity."

I held back a sigh as Vellia knelt before me once more.

"My lord, please let me fight in your name." Vellia said. "Send me against your enemies, for they are my enemies."

"Me as well, my lord." Cyvis said, eyes determined. "You have given us great power, let us use it in your name."

"I didn't come here to recruit you to fight in a supernatural war." I said slowly. "The enemies I have back home are strong. Even I will need to…" I trailed off, frowning in thought as I looked between my warlocks.

Back when Vellia first became my warlock, I'd brought her back to the coliseum to test our bond. Every time she killed a skeleton, I received a burst of power from her. Later, when we all went to Kharad-Veth, with every demon Cyvis or Vellia dispatched, I felt a swell of strength as their kill empowered me, almost like a tithe to their contract holder.

I needed to get stronger, but I was likely going to be very busy in the near future. I wanted to separate Cyvis from the toxic situation here and give my warlocks something of a vacation for the good work they'd been putting in for me. What if I could kill two birds with one stone?

"Do you two know of anyone else who would make a good warlock for me?" I asked out of the blue, a plan slowly forming in my mind.

They seemed caught off guard by the question. Cyvis was the first to recover.

"I have been passively searching for individuals that would be able to serve you, my lord. I know of two – my parent's butler Rath Lain and a paladin who works as security for us called Tristan Vale. Is there a reason for your interest, my lord?" Cyvis asked.

"I don't want you two fighting my enemies, at least not until you are much stronger." I said seriously. "But if you want to help me, then I think there is a way for you to empower me with your actions. If I contract more warlocks before we start, the effect will be that much stronger." Turning to Cyvis, I said, "Is your butler not loyal to your father? Will he accept a contract?"

Cyvis seemed hesitant to speak. Finally, she said, "Rath's sister ran afoul of my father many years ago. Rath offered his service to repay his sister's debt. He signed a magical contract to bind him to my father's service. He has long since repaid his sister's debt, but my father has not released him. Rath has not attempted to break free for my sake. He has helped me weather the worst of my father's disappointment since I was young."

"One second," I said, confusing my warlocks.

'Honey?' I said in my mind, reaching out for my connection to Medea.

It took a moment for her to respond. She felt far away. The connection was sluggish, but ever-present.

'Yes, my love?'

'Serafall hasn't called you yet, has she?'

'Was she supposed to?'

'She will in a minute. Can I borrow you really quick before that happens? I'm trying to contract some more warlocks and I need you to sever a magical binding before I can move forward. I'll explain later.'

'I will be there momentarily.'

'Thanks. Love you.'

"My lord, may I ask…" Vellia trailed off as Medea appeared right next to me.

Vellia and Cyvis quickly bowed their heads to Medea. "My lady," they greeted as one.

Medea smiled warmly at them. "It is good to see you again." Turning back to me, she said, "What's this about a contract?"

"Can you call Rath here?" I asked Cyvis.

Cyvis's eyes widened, her breathing picked up. She touched a glowing stone on her desk, shuffling anxiously.

A polite knock came at the door before it was opened. Rath Lain stood in the doorway with his arms clasped behind his back. "You called, my lady?"

"Cyvis tells me you're bound by a magical contract to serve her father." I said with no preamble. With Medea here, Serafall's point of contact back home to let me know she was ready didn't exist. I wanted to get this done fast.

Rath frowned. "That is correct, my lord Abaddon. May I ask after your sudden interest in me?"

"I asked Cyvis who she thought might make another good warlock for me. Your name came up." I explained.

Rath seemed surprised, looking past me at Cyvis before returning his attention to me. "I am honored, my lord, but I would be unable to faithfully serve you. Sylas Loralee owns my loyalty."

"'Owns' isn't a great way to describe that relationship." I commented. "Are you happy with your situation?"

Rath smiled softly, acceptingly. "Worse things have happened to better people, my lord."

"That definitely sounded like a no." I said.

"He can't show disdain for his position, my lord." Cyvis said, staring intently at the groundskeeper. "It is part of his contract."

"Definitely a no then." I said. "Lovely wife, if you would?"

"I shall." Medea said, a wicked dagger already in her hand.

"My lord, what–" Cyvis started, sounding panicked as Medea lifted the dagger towards Rath's chest.

"Rule Breaker." Medea intoned, lightly pricking Rath's shoulder with the tip of her dagger.

Rath gasped, staggering backwards. His eyes flashed with dark magic. A magical tattoo nearly hidden beneath his collar shattered into nothing.

Rath took a deep breath, a wide smile spreading across his face. "Thank you, my lord. I haven't felt like this in years."

Cyvis dashed across the room, throwing her arms around Rath in a crushing hug.

I stayed silent, letting them have their moment.

'I will return home and wait for Serafall's call. Will you need my assistance with the warlock contracts?' Medea asked in my mind.

'I've watched you make two of them and saw Serafall make hers. I appreciate it, but I'll manage.'

'Very well. I will see you later, husband.'

When I turned to look at her, Medea was gone. There was no magical flash. She was simply gone.

"Thank you again, my lord." Rath said as Cyvis finally pulled away, wiping tears from her eyes. "I will gladly serve you for freeing me."

"This wasn't a transaction." I said. "If you don't want to sign another magical contract, this one with a devil, I'm not going to force you. Take your freedom and run if you want. It's your choice."

Rath smiled warmly at me. "That choice is why I choose to serve you. I have seen how Cyvis has transformed in your service. You took a poor girl lacking direction and purpose and turned her into a capable, ambitious young woman poised to take on the world. I would like to see what she becomes."

"If that's your choice, then I'll gladly have you. Give me a minute to write up your contract. Cyvis? I think you said something about a paladin as well? They aren't promised to a god here, are they? Poaching a god's paladin will piss them off."

Cyvis nodded, composing herself. "I did mention a paladin. He is not beholden to any lord. That is why I believe he will be a good choice for you. I will retrieve him, my lord." She vanished in a blue flash.

I blinked, surprised to see her teleport. Since when could she do that without using the rift ability I gave her?

Shaking my head, I produced a pen and paper from a Hole and began writing up Rath's contract. The groundskeeper walked up beside me and read over my shoulder. I let him follow along, explaining what would be expected of him and expected of me. In essence, it really just boiled down to 'don't stab me in the back and work with me when I tell you to'. Rath seemed more than accepting of the arrangement.

A loud popping sound like a spark of electricity heralded a blue flash. Cyvis reappeared in the room. At her side stood a very confused man with dark hair. I recognized him. It was the knight I'd seen the last time I barged into Cyvis's home.

The knight, evidently a paladin, looked around the room until his eyes fell on me. He sucked in a breath and took an unconscious step back.

It had been a while since I'd had access to a DND module, but didn't paladin's have some kind of supernatural sense that let them pick up on demons and the like? No wonder he'd been so uncomfortable around me last time.

"I take it from your reaction that you know what I am?" I asked him.

The man swallowed nervously, hand twitching towards the sword sheathed at his side. "You are a devil." he said, voice steady despite his evident unease.

"I am. Cyvis? I'm sure you had a reason for recommending him. Would you mind telling me why?" Probably should have led with that before meeting him, but she kind of disappeared before I could ask any more in-depth questions.

Cyvis bowed her head. "Of course, my lord. Tristan has expressed interest in finding a lord to serve. He offered his oath to me, but I could not accept as I was not truly Lady Loralee."

Tristan's eyes narrowed. "So you offer my service to a devil?"

Cyvis looked at him out of the corner of her eye, expression hardening. "Lord Abaddon is unlike any devil you have ever heard of. My own oath to him prevents me from saying why, but I can assure you, he is greater than any of the politicking, prejudiced lords you would find in this city, or any other on the Sword Coast."

I shrugged, handing Rath's finished contract to him over my shoulder so he could read through it. "If you're not interested, then feel free to leave. I don't want unwilling servants." I ignored the paladin, focusing on Rath as the elf read through the contract. "Any issues?" I asked.

Rath shook his head. "None. I expected far more limiting terms than what you have outlined."

"Constricting those under me is dumb for several reasons. I'd have to micromanage you, which is a pain for me, and you'd grow to resent the control. I'd rather have a mutually satisfactory arrangement. What do you want for a sign-on bonus? Every time we've gotten this to work, we've had to give the new warlock something. Do you like swords?"

Rath smiled, amused. "Unforunetly, my lord, I am quite inept at swordplay." He raised a hand. Shadows slithered down his arm. It reminded me of Aqua. "I am gifted with magic if that makes your selection easier."

"Medea made a familiar for Cyvis. Would you want a familiar?"

Rath pursed his lips. "I believe I would prefer a focus of some sort."

"I'm sure I can find something. Give me a second." I shoved my arm shoulder deep into a Hole, rummaging through dozens of spell foci.

"Are you just ignoring me?" Tristan, the paladin, asked. He looked supremely confused about this entire situation.

"If you're not interested, you're not interested." I said simply. "I'm not going to force you. Aha!" I withdrew my arm, holding a small book up. The cover was a tanned burgundy. A dark eye was pictured on the front cover. This was one of the spellbooks Medea mass produced to sell to the supernatural community of our world. "Will this work?" I asked, holding the book out to Rath.

Rath took the book from me and laid his hand on the cover, closing his eyes. "Yes, I think… Agh!"

The book adopted a sinister red glow. The contract lit on fire, levitating into the air. I'd been so preoccupied searching for a focus I hadn't seen Rath sign it.

Rath pulled his hand away from the book's cover. The eye was gone from the book's cover, now tattooed onto Rath's palm. The glowing tattoo moved, blinking as the fire burning Rath's contract intensified.

Rath chuckled, experimentally clenching his fist. "I believe I understand what you spoke of now, Cyvis. I feel better than I have in years."

"Glad you're not having second thoughts." I said with a grin. "I suggest we get going. Cyvis, Rath, Vellia too if you have belongings here, I suggest you pack everything you want from this place. Don't worry about bringing too much. I can transport it all with ease. If you have people setting up for your excursion to Kharad-Veth, maybe tell them to find other work for a few weeks."

"What are you saying, my lord?" Cyvis asked.

I frowned. "I don't want you here when your parents get back. I'd rather you completely avoid that mess if possible. If you accept, I was planning on moving you three into my castle until we figure something else out. I need your help with something, but following that, I'll arrange for you to be able to come back and secure Kharad-Veth."

Vellia's breath caught. "We'll be living in your castle, my lord?"

"If you like. I don't want to take you against your will."

Vellia knelt once more. "I would be honored."

I held back a sigh at the excessive bowing and kneeling. I really hated all the formality, but it made them more comfortable, so I'd deal with it. "Just go gather your belongings. I'll hang out here and wait."

Rath, Cyvis and Vellia left the room. I felt them go, three minor drains on my demonic power, tethers that were far less draining than they used to be. I could probably manage three or four more. Not that I was overly eager to seek out more potential contractees. I already had three warlocks and my peerage to manage. Not to mention my business. Not to mention bringing Serafall's groups to and from Faerun. Not to mention the war.

I sighed, rubbing my forehead. Things were very hectic right now, and they were only going to get worse.

I stared up at the ceiling. "You're still here." I commented, not looking at Tristan. The paladin had been standing in the corner, silently observing as Rath became my warlock.

"You are not what I expected from a devil," he said slowly.

"It might be an act. I've heard devils can be pretty devilish in their dealings. Maybe I'm just trying to get you to agree to sign over your soul?"

His features contorted in confusion. "But you didn't lay a claim on his soul. I've heard of warlock pacts. I've met a fair few individuals that held them even before I knew Cyvis and Vellia numbered among them. The price is always either a soul or eternal servitude. All you claimed from Rath was his service when you asked for him."

I finally turned to look at him. "You read the contract?"

He shook his head. "I could feel the binding. I'm more in tune with that kind of thing than most."

"That sounds like a story."

Tristan pursed his lips. I thought he was done speaking. After a long pause, he proved me wrong.

"I once served a powerful lord in Cormyr. I worked closely with his court wizard on a number of matters. I learned from the experience."

I raised an eyebrow, sitting up straight. "Cormyr is a long way from here. How'd you end up on the Sword Coast?"

Tristan's features twisted in anger. "I was betrayed. The lord I served blamed me for one of his failings. I was forced to flee."

"Cyvis said you were looking for a lord to serve. Why try to serve someone else after your last lord stabbed you in the back?"

"I am a paladin. Our power comes from our oaths. Some pledge themselves to gods, others to justice. I pledged myself to service."

I raised an eyebrow. "Can't you just serve a goal of some kind?"

Tristan shook his head. "It does not work like that. I've already weakened considerably. I must find a lord to serve. That is all I know."

"Maybe this is your opportunity to learn something new? To become someone new?"

Tristan looked at me strangely before chuckling. "You are certainly unlike the devils from the stories I have heard."

I grinned. "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"

"For me, it is good, and that is all that matters. I think I see why Cyvis and Vellia follow you. Perhaps serving you would not be so bad afterall."

I sat back, shocked. "That's a rapid change of heart."

"As I said, I am weakening. I have searched for a lord worthy of my service for over two years now. I am tired of wandering. Will you betray me, devil?"

"I don't betray my people." I said seriously. "The only reason I would ever come into conflict with them was if they turn on me first, and I am very careful to ensure they have no reason to turn against me."

"You said you planned to move the others to your home. I assume you reside in one of the Hells?"

I grinned. "Yes, one of them."

Tristan picked up on my amusement, eyes narrowing, but he didn't comment on it. "Would you take me along with you if I accepted your offer?"

I raised an eyebrow. "I'm surprised you're seriously considering this."

Tristan smiled. "Maybe it is time I try something new. Mortal lords failed me. Perhaps a devil lord will suit me where they did not?"

"Well, to answer your question, I would probably take you back with me. You missed this part, but I'm at war right now. I have a plan to make myself stronger, but I'll need my warlock's help for that. That, and I don't want Cyvis's abusive parents to have any way to reach her. It satisfies both objectives."

Tristan adopted a considering expression. "Will I fight in your war?"

I shook my head. "I'd likely keep all of you back. You might be strong here, but things operate on different scales where I'm from. In the process of helping me get stronger, you would grow stronger yourselves. Perhaps when you're strong enough I'd take you to battle with me, but I won't needlessly risk your lives."

"I wouldn't have expected a devil to care so much for their underlings."

"You said it yourself, I'm not your typical devil."

Tristan smiled. "No, you are not." He drew his sword, driving the point into the ground as he knelt. "I offer you my oath, my lord. I shall be your sword and shield. Your enemies shall never harm you while I draw breath. I ask to be your vassal, my lord."

I stood from the couch and laid a hand on his armored shoulder. "Protect me and mine and don't betray me, and I will never give you reason to regret your decision. Welcome to House Abaddon, Tristan Vale. Let me write up a contract and–"

Demonic power exploded around us, suffusing the room like a thick mist. Tristan gasped as the ambient power flowed into him. His eyes flashed a dark red.

I felt another link to my demonic power snap into place. This one was different. I had three warlocks now. I knew what that drain felt like. My link with Tristan didn't draw any more power than the others, but it felt…off. Less like a subordinate and more like a defender.

…Did I just accidentally a paladin?

Surely not. Paladins drew power from their oath, not their patron. Most of them anyway. Didn't some draw power from gods? I had no idea what was happening here.

'Medea?' I reached out to the bond I shared with my wife.

'Yes, honey?'

'Remember when I said I'd watched you make two contracts already and there shouldn't be any issues?'

I heard her chuckle. 'Do you need my help?'

'Not immediately, but I'd like you to check me over when I get back. I made one warlock and…potentially a paladin. Whatever the second one is, it isn't a warlock.'

Medea was silent for a moment. 'Well that certainly sounds interesting. Also, Serafall just contacted me. She's ready for transport.'

'Tell her I'm opening the Holes from here. I need to deal with my warlocks first. I'll come get her in like five minutes.'

'I'll let her know.'

Medea's presence faded from my mind. I concentrated, opening a Hole from Serafall's office to the workshop I'd prepared for her. The skeletons and armors would make sure none of the devils she brought with her wandered too far. I'd sort this situation out quickly then head over.

Luckily, my warlocks chose that moment to return. Vellia had a travel sack. Cyvis and Rath both only carried a small satchel. Bags of Holding if my guess was right.

I looked down at Tristan, still kneeling before me, taking deep breaths as he felt the demonic power flowing through him. "Do you have any belongings you need to grab before we go?"

Tristan slowly stood, shaking his head. "I've had to travel light. Everything I left in my tent will be easy to replace. I am ready to depart."

"If you're sure. Cyvis? Vellia? Rath?"

I received a series of affirmatives from my warlocks. Without another word, I pulled us all through a Hole.

They all looked around. I heard Cyvis gasp, excitement in her eyes. I'd brought us to the ballroom where I'd met my peerage earlier.

"I'll get each of you situated with a room momentarily." I said, drawing their attention. "For the near future, I want you all to meet here in the mornings. As I said, I need to get stronger, and I think all of you can help with that and grow stronger yourselves in the process. My castle is capable of creating an infinite army of creatures of varying types. I want you to fight weak monsters. As you kill them, you will grow stronger and I will absorb some of the strength you obtain through our bond."

"The castle can create an infinite amount of monsters?" Cyvis asked, breathless.

I grinned. "Welcome to Castle Abaddon, where the dreams of my enemies go to die."

I felt a satisfied hum tremble through the air as the castle itself seemed to puff up with pride.

"Hello, my love."

All eyes turned to a balcony leading to a hallway. A set of staircases ran up the wall opposite each other, meeting in the middle at an overlook. Medea stood above us all, intently studying Rath and Tristan.

I smiled. "Rath, Tristan, meet Lady Medea Abaddon, my wife."

Tristan knelt. "It is an honor, my lady."

Rath bowed at the waist. "An honor indeed, my lady."

"Could you make sure they each receive a room?" I asked as Medea floated down through the air to land at my side. "I need to go pick up Serafall."

Medea nodded. "Leave it to me."

I smiled, leaning in for a quick kiss. "You're the best."

"I know. Before you go," she reached out and grabbed my wrist as I went to step through a Hole. "Shang Tsung, Mothra, Keno and Aqua departed a short while ago. They should return soon."

I frowned. "Where did they go?"

"Shang Tsung wanted to visit his old home to remember where he started and see how far he'd come. I believe welcoming him into House Abaddon had a profound effect on him. He wasn't expecting it and doesn't know how to feel. Be gentle with him when he returns."

I nodded. "Thanks for the head's up. I'll talk to him later."

"One last thing." she said, staring intently into my eyes.

'I found something while I was looking for individuals I might be interested in taking for my own peerage.' Medea said in my mind, using our connection to show me what she'd found. 'Serafall has been good to us. I believe she would appreciate this, don't you?'

My eyes widened as I saw just what Medea had found. 'How the hell…? Didn't Aqua–'

'I found it with Aqua's help, honey.'

'You don't want her?'

'I do not believe she would be a good fit with us. I'm very picky. Even more so than you were, my love. Make Serafall the offer. At worst, she refuses, though I doubt she will.'

"I'll talk to her. See you later." I stole one more kiss and walked through a Hole.

"Bal," Serafall greeted, arms crossed over her chest as she supervised dozens of devils and a large number of humans walking around the cave in front of her. I even saw a minotaur. No idea where that guy came from.

"Everything alright?" Serafall asked. "I was expecting you back sooner."

"I got hung up dealing with some things. I'll tell you later. One of them was…important."

"On a scale of headache to stroke?"

"Probably a good migraine at least." Learning devils could apparently make paladins that were bound to their demonic power instead of just their oath would be interesting to say the least. I still wasn't even sure what had happened myself.

Serafall sighed. "It's a good thing I like you, Bal."

"So how are things going here? Is it working?"

"Yes, on all counts." Serafall said, a small smile growing on her face. "They're weaker than yours, and far weaker than Seraphine, but they're definitely warlocks. Apparently, we can even make warlock contracts with weaker devils. No idea how that works. I'll get Ajuka to look at them later."

"Weird, but a good thing, right?"

"Definitely a good thing, especially after what happened to the Baels. I'll need to get Sirzechs to make a bunch of warlocks so we're not in danger of losing the Power of Destruction."

A dark flash at the back of the cave signalled another contract forming.

Serafall nodded, satisfied as she uncrossed her arms. "That's the last of them. Alright, everyone!" she called. "Back through the Hole!"

Some devils grumbled, others rushed through the Hole, others took several seconds to start moving, too enthralled with their new warlocks to care that the Leviathan just gave them an order.

When they'd all finally filed through the Hole, I shut it behind them.

Serafall sighed, rubbing her temples. "That was the first group of nearly forty we have planned and I'm already exhausted. I need a seven-century vacation."

I chuckled at her distraught tone, drawing a glare from her.

"Afraid I can't help with that. But, I might be able to do something else." I said, the corner of my lip pulling up in a grin.

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "Bal, I swear on creation, if you pull some wild bullshit out of your ass I'm going to turn you into a popsicle."

I shook my head, amused. "Just come on." I opened another Hole, leading the way towards it. After a moment's hesitation, Serafall slowly followed me through.

I cast a minor illusion over us to obscure us as we flew down through the sky on devilish wings.

Below, small buildings lined cracked roads, winding through neighborhoods off towards a city center with buildings that stretched towards the clouds. The sky was dark. Moonlight shone down to illuminate areas unlit by streetlights. Stars peaked through gaps in the light cloudcover.

Serafall looked around, eyes narrow. "Where are we? You've never taken me here before."

"And hopefully, I'll never return." I said seriously, senses fixed intently on our surroundings. My amusement was gone. I was stressed now. "This is Medea's neck of the woods. There is some scary shit here, so I'd like to get this over with and leave."

Serafall paused, freezing in mid-air. "This is the world Medea's from?"

"Yes and no. It's a reflection that's basically the same but also all kinds of different. It's confusing. It's close enough that I still don't want to be here. I took a big risk when I recruited Medea, so I'd appreciate it if we hurried this up and left so I can never come back here."

Serafall nodded seriously, recognizing the anxious way I looked around us, as if the shadows themselves were going to jump out and strangle us.

We descended between the buildings. Our wings vanished as I led Serafall up to an isolated, deteriorating building. The windows were smashed and boarded up. Parts of the ceiling had collapsed. Tape was strewn about the entrance, condemning the structure and warning people to stay away.

"Lovely place." Serafall idly commented.

"I wouldn't have brought us here without a reason. Don't try to force things. Be patient. Offer her a place to live her own life, to be her own person. She's been through hell. I'd recommend a Knight for what it's worth."

Serafall became confused as I spoke. When I mentioned a Knight, she went pale, looking around in a new light. She rushed past me into the building.

I moved to follow her, then stopped myself.

Serafall on her own might be enough to spook her away. If I showed up, she'd almost definitely run. Best to trust Serafall to handle it.

I walked a short distance away from the buildings, still shrouded in my illusion, and leaned up against a tree to wait.

Minutes stretched. With each passing moment, I felt more and more uncomfortable.

I did not like being here. There were some people I'd desperately wanted to recruit for my peerage that I'd passed over because I didn't want to tangle with their worlds. I would have gone for Azhidaal and several others if Nirn wasn't so terrifying. I would have tried to recruit Miao Ying if Warhammer were not the supreme hellhole it was. I would have tried to recruit many people from DC and Marvel.

Medea was the biggest risk I took, one I'd take again and again knowing how it turned out, but there was a reason I hadn't come back here. Hopefully, we were too insignificant to appear as blips on the radar of the scary locals.

After what felt like an hour, but was probably only around fifteen minutes, Serafall walked out from the abandoned building. She walked hand in hand with a small girl.

The girl had pink hair. Her skin was tan. She wore a red and black cloak. It looked like she'd been crying, but there was a bright smile on her face. She had two demonic wings spreading wide from her back.

"Ready?" I asked, pushing off the tree.

Serafall nodded. "We're ready."

I opened a Hole.

The girl sucked in a breath, hiding behind Serafall, poking her head out to stare suspiciously at the dark void in space.

Serafall knelt, looking up at the girl with an encouraging smile on her face. "That's Balthazar, Chloe. He's a bit of a jerk sometimes, but he's one of my best friends. He won't hurt you. You can trust him. Come on!" She stood, taking the girl's hand and boldly walking towards the Hole. "We'll go through together."

Chloe von Einzbern, holder of the Archer Class Card, sent me one more suspicious look before taking a deep breath and walking through the Hole with Serafall.

I was through the moment they were, snapping the Hole shut behind me as I let out a tense breath.

There were some places in the multiverse I just had no interest in visiting. That was definitely one of them. I'd need to grab Aqua when she and Shang Tsung returned so she could seal that route off again.

Speaking of them, I wonder how it was going?


X


Shang Tsung slowly walked over sandy roads. He felt as if he was in a daze. It felt surreal to be back here.

Vendors shouted at passersby, trying to draw attention to the wares peddled at their stalls. Patrols of white uniformed guards passed scrutinizing gazes over the people walking on the road. Shang Tsung could remember many times those same guards had run him out of town after town.

Now, they were barely even a nuisance.

The power of a god flowed through his veins, what was this forgotten past next to what he'd achieved? He was an Abaddon now, member of one of the strongest houses in Hell, head of his own branch of said house.

Shang Tsung still couldn't believe it.

"Look!" Aqua called, pointing to one of the stalls serving some kind of roasted meat. "That looks tasty. What do you think?"

"Um… Maybe we should…" Keno started to say, edging away from the mystery meat.

"Oh, come on!" Aqua said, grabbing the smaller girl's arm and dragging her towards the stall.

Shang Tsung smiled as he watched the exchange.

He wasn't sure why he'd asked Aqua to bring him back here. There was nothing for him here now.

There was never anything here for him to begin with. His destiny was to wander from town to town, forever hungry, forever an outcast. One day, he would die in the sand and that would have been the end. No one would remember the name Shang Tsung. No one would mark his passing or care that he was gone.

That wasn't the case now. He had a family. He had friends. He had more than he could have ever dreamed of.

Fluttering encouragement.

Shang Tsung smiled, reaching up to gently run a finger along Mothra's thorax from where she was perched atop his head.

"Thank you, Mothra. I think I'm ready to go now. Once Aqua and Keno have sampled their food we can–"

A crowd passed by Shang Tsung. A skinny, malnourished woman brushed against his shoulder as she passed, mumbling an apology as she hurried on.

Shang Tsung's eyes narrowed. That woman had just stolen the pouch he wore at his waist. It was enchanted to hold far more than it appeared. Shang Tsung would take it back. It was his.

Shang Tsung turned, following the woman as she parted ways with the group she'd been walking with. Her clothing was little more than a blue rag fashioned into a tunic, torn and worn thin. She turned down an alley and started running.

In a flash of green flame, Shang Tsung appeared in front of her.

When he'd travelled to this world, he'd worn a simple cloak to allow himself to blend in. The moment he teleported, his armor manifested around him, revealing him for the terrifying fighter he was.

The woman gasped, moving too fast to stop as she collided into Shang Tsung.

Shang Tsung stared coldly at the woman, grabbing her wrists to prevent her from running. "You have something that belongs to me." He tore his pouch from her hand and pushed the woman away.

She collapsed with a shout of pain. A tattered hood fell off her face, revealing dark red hair stained with muck. Sharp features were marred by scrapes and bruises. The woman looked terrified, slowly crawling away, eyes fixed on Shang Tsung.

"Lord sor-sorcerer," she stuttered. "Please… Mercy. It was not my intent to insult you. I beg you, let me live."

Chiding chittering.

Mothra lifted off his head.

The woman on the ground gasped as Mothra assumed her humanoid form. Mothra leaned down over the woman, a comforting smile on her face as she laid a hand on her shoulder. Blue scales shed from Mothra's arms to fall on the beggar.

The beggar sighed. Cuts closed. Bruises healed. Years of aches and pains were soothed away by Mothra's power.

Shang Tsung felt his anger dim. He looked at the woman laid on the ground before him. He saw the desperation in her eyes, the fear. She was clearly malnourished. When was the last time she ate?

Shang Tsung remembered when he was little better. Before he'd stolen his cart and learned to part fools from their money, he'd nearly starved many times.

Shang Tsung knelt next to Mothra on the beggar's other side.

The beggar flinched away from him. "Please, my lord… I will–"

She froze as Shang Tsung lifted a hand. Green magic cascaded over her body, cleansing the mud and dust from her skin and clothes. Free of muck, the woman's muted hair became a vibrant red, like a rose.

As Shang Tsung began to lower his hand, he frowned, intently focused on the woman.

The woman didn't resist as he laid a hand on her forehead. She squeezed her eyes shut, waiting for the end.

It was all she could do. Shang Tsung understood her position well. He had been in her shoes not long ago. Anyone with true power could have crushed him like a bug with no repercussions. Such was their way in this world.

Concerned fluttering.

"I'm not going to hurt her, Mothra." Shang Tsung assured the Rook, his gaze intently focused on the beggar before him.

Shang Tsung was once the weakest member of Balthazar Abaddon's peerage. He'd often wondered why Balthazar had reincarnated him when he had other servants of such great power. It wasn't until his training with Medea began in earnest that he learned the truth. Balthazar had seen something in him, a hidden power lurking far beneath the surface, a power Shang Tsung would never have realized on his own. Only through Medea's instruction was he able to achieve his true potential.

Shang Tsung wondered if how he felt now was how Balthazar felt then. Kneeling here, staring at this pathetic beggar with nothing but the clothes on her back and a drive to live to see tomorrow, yet far beneath, Shang Tsung felt something. Potential, vast as the sea.

As he withdrew his hand, Shang Tsung realized the beggar's hair wasn't red like a rose. No, it was red like blood.

"What is your name?" Shang Tsung asked, his tone insistent, but not unpleasant.

The beggar's eyes snapped open. Shock was evident on her face. She'd expected to be dead by now. "S-Skarlet," she said.

"Skarlet," Shang Tsung repeated. He smiled, amused. Truly, the tables had turned. It was so strange to experience things from this side. "My name is Shang Tsung of House Abaddon, Skarlet. I am the Head of the Soul Branch of the Abaddon family. I do not expect these names to mean anything to you."

Skarlet may not have recognized the names, but she recognized the intensity with which Shang Tsung recited them, the authority. Color drained from her face. She knew she had wronged not only a sorcerer, but a high-born lord far beyond her station. She assumed a fate worse than death awaited her.

"My master," Shang Tsung continued, "Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, Lord of the House of Abaddon, once saw something in me. There was a time not too long ago where I lived a life not so dissimilar from your own. I was pathetic, directionless. My master pulled me from the dirt and gave me purpose. He elevated me far beyond anything I ever dreamed, far beyond what I deserved."

Skarlet was barely breathing. She knew she was trapped. She had no choice but to stay still and listen as the lord who held her life in his hands spoke, waiting for the inevitable moment where she would suffer for her ill-fated decision to steal from him.

Shang Tsung grinned. "I will tell you a secret now, Skarlet. I am a devil." Shang Tsung's wings spread wide behind his back, filling the alley.

Skarlet flinched as the wings appeared, she leaned away, body trembling as she stared up at Shang Tsung in terror.

"I was not always a devil, you know." Shang Tsung continued, speaking softly. "My master took a starving rat and elevated him into a prince. He made me into a devil, granted me powers beyond even those of the Khans. I once thought them to be the limit of what was possible. My master showed me how wrong I was. He gave me a chance to be better. He gave me a home. All he asked in return was my loyalty. He shall have it until the end of time. I would be nothing without him."

Shang Tsung raised his hand. In a dark flash of demonic power, an Evil Piece appeared resting in his palm, a Pawn.

"I now offer you that same opportunity, Skarlet." Shang Tsung said. "This world would leave you to starve in a ditch. It would not even mark your passing as your body is fed upon by carrion, forgotten. But, I offer an alternative."

Shang Tsung stood, holding his free hand down towards the beggar. "Come with me, Skarlet. Join my peerage, become a devil in my service. I will train you. In time, you will attain such power that the legends of this world would quake at your approach. You will stand on equal footing with gods. No longer will you struggle to survive in squalor. You will live as a queen in a castle. I will give you everything you've ever dreamed of and more. All I ask in return, all I will ever ask in return, is your absolute loyalty. Never turn your back on me. Never turn your back on Lord Abaddon, and you will always be welcome among us."

Skarlet was frozen in place. She stared up at Shang Tsung uncomprehendingly. This was impossible. There was no way a sorcerer lord was offering her a place in his house. She was a beggar, less than nothing. There was a catch here. There had to be. Right?

Skarlet flinched. The insect-like form of Mothra laid a comforting hand on Skarlet's shoulder, smiling.

A song of encouragement.

Skarlet swallowed audibly. Hesitant, she reached up, taking Shang Tsung's hand.

"I… I'll do it. I'll serve you." she said.

Shang Tsung smiled triumphantly as he helped her to her feet. "Welcome to the family, Skarlet." He pressed the Pawn into her chest.

Skarlet gasped. Her gasp turned to a scream as power exploded through her.

Devil wings tore from her back, ripping the rags she wore to shreds. Skarlet arched her back, looking to the sky as she roared. She'd never felt like this. She'd never felt so strong, so free.

"Everything okay over here?"

All eyes turned to the entrance to the alley. A woman with limbs of shadow and bleached blue hair chewed on a meat skewer she held in her hand. A smaller woman with golden blonde hair munched on her own skewer, standing on her tip-toes to peek over the bluenette's shoulder.

Aqua raised an eyebrow at Shang Tsung. "Do you often reincarnate naked women, or is this your first time?"

Aqua shook her head, biting down on her skewer to hold it between her teeth. Her Keyblade appeared in her hand, opening a dark keyhole in space. Aqua rummaged around in the keyhole, pulling out a crimson gown.

She walked forward, holding it out to the new devil. "It's not much, but it'll work until we get you home. I'm Aqua Abaddon, Balthazar Abaddon's Knight. That's Keno Abaddon back there, Bal's Pawn. It's good to meet you."

"Aqua, Keno, I'd like you to meet Skarlet, my Pawn, first of my peerage." Shang Tsung announced proudly.

Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: Apr 25, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,236 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Apr 25, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 47
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
May 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#9,453
Just like the last time I was in Serafall's office building, there was a valkyrie behind the desk with the receptionist. This time, there were also a host of men and women wearing furs and robes speaking to the many devils that worked under Serafall.

I was here to transport another group of devils to Faerun so they could contract warlocks, the fourth group thus far. Once the proof of concept was shown to be viable, Serafall had wasted no time pulling everyone she thought she could trust through Holes to make warlocks. I didn't recognize any of the devils Serafall had me transport, but then I didn't get out much. Supposedly Sirzechs and Ajuka would be contacting me soon about making their own, but they had yet to do so. With the war, both of them were very busy.

As I stepped into Serafall's office, I was surprised to see she wasn't alone.

An elderly man stood hunched at Serafall's side. Together, they looked down at a collection of maps atop Serafall's desk. Serafall was adorned in the same dark armor she'd worn when she appeared at my castle following Boreas's attack. The elderly man wore a dark robe covered in small runes, glowing with hidden power. They both looked up as I came in.

"Is everything alright, Serafall?" I asked, noting that the Satan was dressed for war, not a meeting.

"Things have officially kicked off." Serafall said seriously. "The Naberius Heir was just killed in his summer home by a group of amazons. Don't ask me why the idiot was vacationing in the mortal world when there's a war on. We also have reports of mages attempting to break into Hell. We shut down all of the main thoroughfares before we declared war, but it's inevitable they'll find a way in. I'd bet they already have. There's a lot of untamed wild in Hell, perfect for staging a forward operating base to strike from. Sirzechs is working overtime to keep the Pillars from acting alone. They already wanted blood after Zekram, now some of the idiots are thinking they'll attack Olympus alone and it'll end in anything other than their deaths. We're planning a counterattack, but we need to be smart about it."

The elderly, gray-haired man at her side coughed into his fist.

Serafall sighed. "Right, sorry. Bal, this is Odin of the Aesir. Odin, this is Viscount Balthazar Abaddon."

I bowed my head politely. I'd recognized the man of course – who wouldn't recognize the head of a pantheon? – but I hadn't addressed him because I didn't want to interrupt Serafall. Hearing another Pillar Devil was dead didn't concern me too much, the possibility of the Greeks gaining a foothold in Hell did.

"It is an honor to meet you, Lord Odin." I said respectfully.

Odin huffed, waving his hand. "None of that. I will not ask my allies to grovel. I've been looking forward to meeting you, Balthazar. I've been watching you for some time now, as I imagine many others have."

"And what have you observed?"

Odin grinned. "A calamitous young devil throwing a long-precariously balanced peace into discord through the use of powers never seen."

"Thank you?" I said, uncertain. I wasn't sure how to interpret that.

Odin laughed. "It was a compliment, my boy. This peace was always doomed to fail. Each pantheon has been scheming the best way to make themselves the only pantheon for hundreds of years. The fact your arrival gave the devils a path to assured victory is no crime. Do be careful though. I expect once the others discover what I have, you will be the prime target for dozens of assassination attempts. I expect the fae will try to enslave you as well. Death would be kinder than that fate."

"I've tried to keep what I can do secret for that very reason. I wasn't strong enough to be confident in my ability to resist them. I'm prepared now. Let them come."

Odin laughed again. "I like you, Balthazar."

"Not to interrupt," Serafall said, "But I called him here for a reason. We're pressed for time, so either get on with it or you'll have to wait for later. I need to secure some Naberius warlocks before the Greeks try to finish what they started with that Pillar."

Odin's good cheer faded. He frowned, forehead wrinkling unpleasantly. "Very well. Much like the other pantheons, I have also been scheming for centuries, Balthazar. Though my schemes were less sinister. I have grown the strength of Asgard as much as possible. My goal was not to destroy all others in the world, but to avert our own end. The other pantheons lack the noose of Ragnarok strung around their neck. All I have done, I have done to prepare my people for when that prophesied end comes so that we might avert the destruction I foresee."

"I assume we are speaking because you believe there is a way I can help?" I asked.

"Yes, I am very interested in your ability to walk between worlds, but for now, it is not why I wish to work with you. Through my ravens' eyes, I witnessed the aftermath of your lady wife freeing Typhon's children from their Sacred Gears. I wonder, is she capable of doing the reverse?"

My eyes widened slightly before I controlled my expression. Darting a questioning glance at Serafall, I saw she remained relaxed, giving me a small nod.

I didn't like that there was apparently a third faction on the field when my home was attacked. I liked it even less that none of us noticed them. Thankfully, it was a problem of the past. I doubted even Huginn and Muninn could breach Dimension Lost.

"Given time, yes, I believe she could." I answered Odin's question. "Why do you ask?"

"I have seen many visions of Ragnarok. There are so many different paths leading to the inevitable end. Some things remain constant throughout these variations. It is always Loki's meddling that begins the chain of destruction. It is always his spawn that end my home. I have done all I dare to remove them from the equation. It was always a delaying measure. Whether now or in a thousand years, Asgard will destroy itself unless they are dealt with permanently."

"So you want Loki's children sealed away in Sacred Gears? Why not just deal with Loki himself? You're Odin. I can't imagine he could resist you for long."

"Loki's nature is that of a trickster. He is gifted in his ability to avoid that which would harm him. That aside, I can't act myself, lest my own actions be the catalyst that begins Ragnarok. I am sure you are familiar with the term of a self-fullfilling prophecy. For now, Loki is content to be left alone. That will change eventually when he inevitably begins the end, but I cannot act against him lest I become Ragnarok's catalyst."

"Which is why you're looking for outside help, I take it? But isn't you talking to me you acting?"

"Yes, but for the first time in centuries, I have hope of averting this disaster. If I spend enough time focused on a single individual, I can see glimpses of their future and their intent. Only those with similar abilities are shielded from my sight. I'm sure Indra is none too happy with you for killing his little pet project. But you, Balthazar, are an entity I cannot see. Your future is clouded. At first I believed Medea had fashioned some sort of protection against my abilities to protect you from Remiel. It's no secret he has become obsessed with you in recent days. Then I learned of your true power. I cannot see your influence on our world if you regularly depart from it only to return with treasures and individuals who do not conform to the rules we are governed by. I decided to try to observe your peerage to model you with much the same result. Aqua and Keno were practically absent from my sight, as if they ventured away more frequently than you do. I imagine that gives Remiel difficulty seeing you as well."

I was silent for a moment as I absorbed that. Travelling between worlds had apparently given me the unintended side-effect of making it difficult to predict my actions with powers that saw the future. That was fantastic news. Remeil had been a constant worry ever since Serafall told us of him, turning into a dire worry after we learned he was partially responsible for the attack on the castle. If all we needed to do to fool his foresight was jump to another world every day or so, I would abuse that to its greatest effectiveness.

"So you think I'll be able to successfully stop Ragnarok since you can't see my future." I guessed at Odin's intentions.

"I am desperate for a solution, Balthazar. I will explore every path I can. Asgard will not fall because I sat idle, wallowing in misery at the inescapable end."

I thought for a moment, an idea coming to me. "Do you know where Loki is?"

Odin's one eye narrowed, watching me intently. "He answers to no one, but he does reside in Asgard on occasion. Beyond that, I do not know. I could locate him if you need to speak with him."

"I don't… Actually, yes. See if you can get him to agree to meet with me. I'll need help. I don't know if you can spare Thor, but any heavy-hitter you have who you're confident can deal with Loki would be welcome."

Odin frowned. "I have looked into futures where Loki is killed. His death is always the beginning of the end."

"Who said anything about killing him? Do you want to know the full plan or would you rather stay in the dark so you don't accidentally start Ragnarok yourself?"

"If it involves Loki, I must insist on hearing what you have in mind. I cannot afford to risk anything when the trickster is involved."

I outlined my plan to Odin. I explained how I'd already accomplished what I intended to do to Loki once before. Serafall muttered under her breath about how she should have realized earlier that that was how I did it.

Odin just laughed. There was a manic look on the god's face as he howled in joy.


X


Loki of the Aesir, the trickster, son of Fárbauti, walked into Odin's hall with a scowl on his face. He was not a pawn to be summoned at Odin's whim. Odin had called all of the Aesir to return to Asgard and prepare for war. Now he had summoned Loki for an audience. What business was it of Loki if Asgard planned to get involved in the devil's war? He cared little for the devils or for the Greeks. It was foolish of Odin to join either side in the conflict, but if the old fool insisted on making such a mistake, Loki would take advantage of the error to better his own position as he always did.

Odin thought himself wise. The old man's caution drove him to inaction, too afraid his actions would bring about the prophesied Ragnarok. Odin dedicated everything to increasing the strength of Asgard in the vain hope it would help stave off the end.

He was a fool. Odin focused his powerful sight on an end so far away as to blind him to the workings of the present. Even knowing Loki's nature, Odin didn't suspect the immediate threat of treachery.

The pieces were almost set. Loki's time was nigh. By leveraging the help of lesser beings and foreign gods, Loki's plan had advanced considerably. This Khaos Brigade was misguided, but useful. Once Loki took what he needed from them, he would divest himself of their chains. For now, he needed their aid, but soon, Loki would answer to no one but himself.

"You are late, Loki." Odin's voice boomed, displeasure thick in his tone. He sat hunched at the head of a long table, Frigg at his side. She wore a simple green dress, eyes cold as she tracked Loki's entry. Baldur sat at her side wearing an opal shirt with furs around his shoulders. His arms were crossed over his chest. Thor sat at Odin's right hand, once again forgoing a shirt, revealing the runic tattoos that spanned his chest and upper arms. Víðarr, a rare sight at these meetings, sat at Baldur's side, wearing a simple jacket. His feet rested on the table. The long leather boot on his foot gleamed in the firelight of the candles atop the chandelier. Tyr was the table's final occupant, sitting next to Thor. The god of war had a small frown on his face. All of the present Aesir sat tense, waiting on Loki's arrival.

A practiced smile spread across Loki's face as he dipped into a mocking bow. "Apologies, Allfather, but your summons caught me by surprise. I arrived as soon as I could."

"Take your seat." Odin said, his tone of voice ensuring Loki knew it was an order rather than a request.

Loki's smile slipped for a moment as he inspected Odin. The Allfather's eye was narrowed in fury. He wore the enchanted robe he donned to do battle, not the ceremonial rag he favored in times of peace. Had he come directly from his negotiations in Hell? What did the old fool want? What was so important that he had pulled his favored sons, his wife, and Tyr to this meeting?

"Quite the gathering," Loki began as he slid into the empty seat directly across from Odin. "Víðarr, I haven't seen you in ages. How have you fared in your journeys through the mortal world?"

Víðarr grunted, but didn't otherwise respond. His eyes, like his father's, were narrowed and angry. What was the purpose of this meeting? Loki didn't like being left in the dark.

"My lady Frigg, you are positively resplendent this day," Loki said, his words like honey. "The Allfather is truly the luckiest man in all the realms."

Frigg's forehead creased as she glared at Loki. "Sit and be silent."

Loki's eyes looked between the gathered Aesir. Each of them shared the same tense energy, like lions tensing to pounce.

Loki's visage leaned back in his chair, the picture of calm. Loki's true body slithered out of his illusion, invisible even to the Allfather's great vision.

This summons was suspect from the start. With Odin's sons and Tyr all gathered as if preparing for combat, things were worse than Loki was expecting. He'd thought Odin would punish him for one of the many minor tricks he pulled to distract Asgard from his true schemes. But this? This was bigger than that.

Loki slunk back to the door, watching the Aesir for any sign they noticed his departure. He did not yet leave. Despite himself, he was far too curious about this meeting to leave now. Why had Odin called them all together?

Sitting at the table as if nothing was wrong, Loki's copy looked around the room. "Are we waiting for any others, or are we ready to begin? I must admit, my curiosity has left me starving. What grave matter has called the greatest of the Aesir together into one place?"

Odin's intense scowl slowly faded. A peaceful smile spread across his lips. "The plucking of a thorn that has been stuck in my side for far too long, spreading its infection and threatening to destroy everything I hold dear. Gondul?"

A pained scream tore from Loki's throat as magical chains clamped down on his wrists and ankles. A glowing rune underneath his feet sent spears of bronze energy up into his arms, pinning them in place. Near the roof of the room, five shapes shimmered into being. Five valkyries fully armed for war floated down directly towards Loki's true body, ignoring his copy.

Loki snarled as he flared his power, scattering the magical chains that bound him, freeing himself from the spears of light in the process. So the Allfather had chosen to make his move. It was earlier than expected, but Loki was prepared. He just needed to escape this trap, then his retribution would be swift.

Green robes and gold armor materialized around Loki's form as he shimmered. Four copies of the Trickster god split off his true body, each casting a spell.

Odin stood, slamming his hand down onto the table. The all-encompassing might of Odin's magical power clapped down into the room, snuffing out the spells of Loki's copies and causing them to waver unnaturally in the air like a heat mirage. Simultaneously, the second invisibility spell Loki had woven around himself unraveled.

Thor sprung from his seat with a mighty roar. Mjolnir appeared in his hand as he leapt towards Loki.

A spear appeared in Loki's hand just in time to intercept the strike from the great hammer. Rather than crushing Loki's chest, the blow met the haft of his spear. The force from the blow sent Loki sprawling backwards, crashing into the stone wall of the chamber. Rubble rained around him as he struggled to get to his feet.

Loki screamed as more chains manifested around him, binding his arms and legs. A manacle snapped shut around his neck, yanking his head back into the wall.

Loki hissed, glaring hatefully at Odin. "You wrinkled fool!" he spat. "You don't know what you've unleashed. Your troubles will not end with my death. Your suffering has only begun!"

Loki knew a confrontation like this was inevitable. He had precautions in place. Whether he was alive to control them personally or they activated upon his death, Odin would suffer. One final trick.

Odin smiled cruelly. "Who said anything about killing you?"

Gondul, one of the greatest of the valkyries, supposedly retired, grabbed Loki's hair and wrenched his head back. Her eyes glowed with the power of an analytical spell.

"It is truly him, Allfather." Gondul reported.

"I know," Odin said, slowly walking around the table. He stood over Loki's bound form, eyes hard. "You have threatened our home for too long, my blood-brother. Were you anything other than a treacherous snake, Asgard would have been more rich for your presence. Do it."

'Do it?' Loki thought. Do what?

Darkness consumed Loki's world then was gone as quickly as it came, like the blinking of an eye.

Loki scrambled to his feet, free of the magical chains that bound him moments ago. His feet sank into the ground. Frowning, Loki scanned his surroundings.

Sand. Tan grains spread out in all directions. An uncaring sun beat down incessantly. Sweat beaded Loki's forehead.

What was this? It was no illusion. Loki was proficient enough with illusory magics to recognize reality when he faced it. This was real. Odin had sent him somewhere. But where?

The light from the sun vanished. A dark shadow fell over Loki.

Loki turned around, looking up with narrowed eyes.

A haggard, twitching form floated high above. Frayed hair stood at unnatural angle as a shivering devil looked down at him. Her clothes were nothing but rags unable to fully preserve her modesty. Her skin sagged unhealthily like she hadn't eaten in months.

"Meat," she said quietly. "Meat!" she exclaimed, diving towards Loki in a desperate frenzy.

The devil crumpled to the ground at Loki's side, a hole in her chest where Loki's spell struck her.

A sinking feeling consumed the trickster god as he looked around once more.

Sand. A void of sand in all directions.

Where was he?


X


The Baels, widely considered to be the strongest Clan in Hell, were the first to fall. They would not be the last.

As was right, Ares marched at the head of the first true army gathered to carry out his father's will. Athena had petitioned to lead the force in his place, but Great Zeus had denied her. She suffered from her own success. After finding a path Olympus could walk into Hell, Zeus held her back at their temporary base to further secure their position in the lands of their enemy. Thus, Ares was chosen to deliver their first blow against Hell. But he was not alone.

"It's exciting, isn't it?" Aphrodite asked, clad in nothing but her own power. She carried a heart-tipped spear and a shield, wreathed in the forceful aura of her war aspect. It was wrong to call her Aphrodite now. No, she was Aphrodite Areia. Each step she took shook the ground. Hair like sakura petals danced in a gentle breeze as she surveyed their enemy.

Ares stepped up to her side. His flesh was strong and dark with gleaming veins like igneous rock infused with magma, garbed in bronze armor that glowed with divine power. "It's a long time coming."

Beyond, their army of elementals, amazons, nereids, and Sacred Gear holders loyal to Olympus assaulted a city of devils. They were moving towards Clan Agares territory to eliminate them as the Baels were destroyed when they happened upon the undefended city. Their maps were not completely accurate. They would need to update them as they moved. Still, it was fortuitous. Every devil slain was a boon in this war.

These devils were not fighters. They tried, but they were being slain en masse. Weak peasants and minor nobles. There was little glory to be had from this field. Ares would save himself for the Agares. Ending their bloodline would be a battle worthy of him.

"Ares," Aphrodite Areia said, pointing with her spear. There was an eager grin on her face.

Ares looked up. A dark void opened in the sky above the city. He recognized the power. He grinned.

"Abaddon," Ares's hand found the hilt of his sword. Perhaps he would involve himself afterall. His father would be overjoyed if Ares brought the head of Balthazar Abaddon as tribute.

Balthazar Abaddon flew out of the Hole, wings spread wide, a set of dark armor materialized around his body, gleaming with violet runes scribed into the metal.

At Balthazar's side, a point of frigid blue emerged. Serafall Leviathan, armored for war floated in the air at Balthazar's side, already blasting icy spears down into the monsters flying up towards them while Balthazar summoned an inferno to burn the footsoldiers chasing a group of scared peasants.

Not just the Abaddon, but the Leviathan as well? She was a fool to come alone.

Ares drew his sword. Bronze energy crackled around him like lightning as he summoned his power. "Shall we kill a Satan?" he asked Aphrodite Areia.

"Yes," she breathed, her own power exploding as she took several steps forward, preparing to break into a sprint.

More Holes opened in the sky above the city. Ares paused to look up.

Mishappen monsters of shadow and crimson monsters made of armored rock fell from the sky, crushing into Ares' army. High in the sky, another Hole appeared. Ares froze. His grip on his sword felt weak.

No. That wasn't possible.

High in the sky, dark clouds gathered. The sky rumbled. A cyclone formed, swirling around a mountain of a man. Shirtless, runic tattoos glowing bright on his body, honey-colored hair whipping around erratically, Thor Odinson hefted Mjolnir high, lightning cracked with the motion.

"Asgard!" Thor bellowed.

More Holes opened. An army of valkyries dove through the Holes, casting spells, stabbing with spears, slashing with swords.

Thor's storm lit up the sky. Bolts of lightning fell in rapid succession like mallets thundering against a drum. Thor launched himself into the ground, crushing a hydra into paste.

"We need to leave." Ares said, already backing away from the horrifying sight in front of him. "Father… Yes, father must be warned. We need to warn them."

Aphrodite Areia was not listening. She only had eyes for Thor. "He is mine." she said, breathing excitedly as she marched forward.

"No," Ares darted forward, grabbing Aphrodite Areia's arm.

Aphrodite Areia spun on him, fury in her eyes. "Unhand me!"

"Father must be warned. We cannot fight them." Bronze light streamed from Ares, consuming them both.

The two Olympians vanished from the battlefield, leaving their army to its fate.

Spoiler: Author's Note:
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Norego, TheGodofCheese, Rorrim|mirroR and 1,174 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
May 18, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 48
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
May 24, 2026
Add bookmark
#9,563
For the first time in ages, the perpetual frown marring Odin's face was absent. In its place was a bright, hopeful smile.

Odin stared ahead, his vision focused on something far away. Spreading wide before his great sight, Odin saw a future without end. Countless paths winding between one-another into infinity. Before, all roads, no matter how disparate, all converged on one point. Ragnarok. The end. Inescapable. Absolute.

No more. Asgard finally had that which Odin had sought for millenia. A future.

Odin's vision expanded. He focused his power on several possible futures.

Scrying the future was difficult due to its fluidity. One seemingly insignificant action had the potential to upheave the future and set fate on a new course. When any number of such actions were occurring simultaneously, it made it difficult to predict with certainty what would come to pass, so Odin used his power as a guideline. Other seers saw with greater certainty, but there were advantages to Odin's version of seeing into the future.

Unlike those who saw single events, Odin could path several futures at once to observe the greatest threats to his home. Ragnarok was absent now, but there were still paths that led to Asgard's ruin.

The Greeks would not succeed in this war. The force arrayed against them was too great. With the Abaddon Lord's power added to the already immense strength of Hell and Asgard's combined forces, Olympus would fall. They would not be the only ones to attack.

Odin's sight stretched beyond the present, predicting hidden ambushes before they were even plotted, desperate attempts by frightened pantheons hopelessly clutching to their power.

Odin had not expected to be successful in his attempt to defeat Ragnarok with Balthazar's help, but any potential path to Asgard's salvation was one he would walk. Not only had Balthazar done the impossible, but he hadn't even needed to seal away Loki's children, some of Asgard's greatest monsters, to do it.

Odin grinned. Perhaps it was time he set those monsters against the snakes lurking in the grass?


X


Athena clenched her fist at her side. It was all she could do to refrain from lashing out at Ares.

For years, she served as Olympus's emissary to lands beyond their own. In her travels to Hell, she uncovered secrets she never mentioned, advantages she noted but never expected to use. The hidden paths Olympus used to enter Hell was one such secret. It should have led to them striking a mighty first blow against their foe. Instead, it led to the devastation of their advance force.

Elevated on his throne above the assembly of gods, Zeus's eyes narrowed in fury. "Asgard thinks to stand against us? They would ally with the scum that kidnap and reincarnate champions from across the supernatural? If they have chosen to stand with the devils, then they have chosen their own destruction."

"Father," Athena said, stepping free of the gathered gods to address Zeus directly. "The devils already outnumber us. Our greatest advantage was our superior number of powerful champions, our gods. With Asgard joining the devils, we have lost our advantage. Now the devils not only have their super devils and satans, but Asgard's gods as well."

Zeus scoffed dismissively. "The norse are weak. Their presence will complicate things, I grant you, but it will not change the outcome. They are few. We are many."

"We are divided, brother." Poseidon said, stepping up to stand at Athena's side. The typically carefree lord of the seas looked haggard. His dark hair was frayed and untamed as it fell past his shoulders. His green eyes were tired, sporting bags beneath them. His broad shoulders were hunched, he leaned heavily on his trident to support his weight.

Zeus made a show of looking around at the assembled gods beneath him. "Is all of Olympus not gathered in support of this purpose?"

"The oceans have split." Poseidon continued, eyes furious as he glared up at Zeus. "Oceanus has retreated to the depths with his court. The nereids and oceanids have undergone a schism. Those who haven't fled to the corners of the Earth still battle amongst themselves. Only a scant few still answer my call. We cannot fight in this condition."

Athena used Poseidon's momentum to make her own point. "We are fractured, father. We are far from our true strength, while the devils are united in their rage against us. Already, we have been forced to repel attacks against Olympus itself."

Zeus laughed. "Their 'attacks' were all easily defeated."

Athena grit her teeth. "Those attacks represented the few prideful devils who thought they could stand against us alone. The Satans have held back all those that would listen to them. When their true strike falls, it will fall like the tide. Continuing this conflict is untenable. I beseech you, allow me to petition Serafall for a truce."

A chilling breeze swept through the halls of Olympus. Light streaming through the windows dimmed as dark clouds gathered ahead. The sky rumbled.

Zeus's eyes narrowed. He sat frozen atop his throne. Athena could not move, pinned in place by his accusing glare.

"I would have thought you would be the last to show such cowardice, daughter." Zeus said, his voice deep and intimidating as a coming storm. "Our armies march secret paths into the devils' home. Our pantheon stands together, ready to face an enemy that has been growing strong beneath us for centuries. Yet not even a month past the start of this much-anticipated conflict, you counsel me to surrender?"

Athena cast her gaze to the marble floors of the hall, an omni-present pressure squeezing down on her. It was suddenly hard to breathe. "Not surrender, father. We need time. We would struggle to fight the devils as we are. We cannot fight the devils now that they have allied with Asgard."

Poseidon stepped forward. Unlike Athena, he stared straight at Zeus in challenge. "I concur. We all bore witness to what became of our initial force. Such an army should have razed that city with ease. The moment Balthazar Abaddon stepped onto the field, the battle was lost. The Abaddon Lord can appear anywhere at a moment's notice, bringing an army with him. He can transport Sirzechs Lucifer or Thor to any battlefield that is nearly lost in a moment, letting them turn the tide. Even if we were at our full strength, unburdened by civil conflict, we would need to find a way to deal with his presence before we continue this foolishness."

Zeus's face was carved from stone. It was impossible to tell what he was thinking as he sat in silence. No one moved.

"Artemis," Zeus finally said.

A small woman with mint-green hair stepped free of the gathered gods. She wore animal furs sewn into a simple tunic. A bow and a quiver of arrows were strapped to her back.

"Yes, father?" Artemis, Goddess of the Hunt said, voice soft but not meek. She spoke like a hunter stalking their prey, precise and calm, with no wasted sound.

"You will go to Hell. Take your hunters or venture alone, it matters not. Your task is this: You will kill Balthazar Abaddon. Bring me the devil's head as proof of your success." Zeus ordered.

"Balthazar is not the only Abaddon." Hermes said, a wicked smile on his face as he drifted through the air on his flying shoes.

Zeus nodded. "You will kill the sister as well, Artemis. What was her name? Katherine? It does not matter. She will be with the brat that enslaved the Nemean Lion."

Artemis bowed her head, expression unreadable. "I will depart at once, father." Artemis turned and walked straight through the gathered gods, forcing them to flee her path as she exited the hall.

The rumbling sky quieted. Light once more streamed into the hall of the gods as the clouds parted.

"With that," Zeus said as he sat back on his throne, looking very pleased with himself. "I have addressed your concerns, Athena. There will be no truce. Artemis will kill the Abaddons. With them gone, we will be free to act once more."

"That's not–" Athena began, cutting off as Poseidon reached out and grabbed her arm. He met her eyes, minutely shaking his head.

Athena clenched her fists. Now was not the time. She bowed her head. "As you say, father."

"Good," Zeus said, smiling wide. "Now, until Artemis kills the Abaddon filth, we must contend with the threat they pose. Ares, you will raise another army. We will strike once more. We will draw Balthazar and the devils' champions into a trap. When they arrive. We will be waiting. Do not fail me again."

Ares fell to the ground, kneeling. "It will be done, father."

Athena had to bite her tongue to keep from lashing out with her words. It was clear she would be unsuccessful if she petitioned Zeus now. She needed to reassess her strategy. Perhaps later, when Olympus was not gathered and he would not be seen as weak?

Athena spun on her heel, storming from the hall, shoving past a wickedly amused Aphrodite.

"Athena!" a voice called after her as she exited the hall.

Athena paused, moments from teleporting away. She turned to see Poseidon running up to her.

"What?" she said, curt.

"You know as well as I do that this is madness." Poseidon said in frantic, hushed tones. "If we allow this to continue, Olympus will be nothing but ash by the end."

"And what would you have me do, uncle? Father has no desire to listen to me. I have tried time and again to caution him away from this course."

"My fool of a brother may not listen, but perhaps others might."

Athena's eyes narrowed, scanning their surroundings to search for eavesdroppers. "What are you suggesting?" Athena said, voice falling to a whisper.

Poseidon leaned in to whisper in Athena's ear.

Athena's eyes widened.

Together, the two gods teleported away from Olympus.


X


Helios stared down at the slumbering form of Eos, a stern frown on his face.

In the days following the fall of Castle Bael, the dawn never came. There was the moon, then there was the sun. Nothing in between. The mortals believed it to be a scientific phenomenon they still had no name for. It was not.

Eos, bringer of the dawn, lay in stasis deep in the sanctity of Helios's hidden refuge. Neither gods nor demons could find them here. He'd made sure of it.

Helios ran a hand through Eos's golden hair. Her eyes remained closed. The wound Zekram Bael had inflicted on her persisted. Her left arm was gone. Parts of her ear had been caught in the strike, making it look like a rodent had taken a large bite out of the tip of her ear. It pained Helios to see her like this. Since being struck, she had fallen into a deep slumber. Nothing Helios nor his more mystically capable sister Selene tried could wake Eos.

That blast had been meant for him. Helios had been stupid, arrogant. He mocked Zekram when he thought the devil defeated. The poison injected into Zekram through his assassin's blade should have weakened Zekram more than it had. Zekram lashed out with one final blow. Eos knocked Helios away, taking the blast of pure annihilation in his place.

A silver hand was laid on Helios's shoulder.

"Let her rest." Selene said, gently pulling him away. "She is strong. This will not be the end of her."

"I do not know how to help her." Helios said, allowing his sister to pull him away.

"Perhaps it is time." Selene said leadingly.

Helios frowned. "They will not help us."

"Perhaps not, but were you laying there in her place, would Eos not try?"

Helios felt the stubborn pride bleed from his body. His pride led to Eos's current condition. It would not be what kept him from helping her.

"Gather Phaëthusa and Lampetië. We will depart shortly." Helios said, resigned.

Selene nodded, her dark hair bouncing with the motion. She left him, going to gather Helios's daughters from their chambers. They had scarcely gone outside since being rescued from the devils that took them.

Helios walked the halls of his home, stopping at a room far back, lost in the twists and turns of the halls. The room was small. One could stand in the middle and reach all four walls by spreading their arms wide. The room held a single item. A glass display case set against the far wall. Within the case, two glowing devil wings hung magically suspended. There they had been since Helios ripped them from Zekram's back. There they would remain, a reminder of what befell those that made enemies of the Sun.

Helios closed the door, leaving the room behind him. It was time to help his sister and his daughters.


X


Zariel, Archduke of Avernus walked with purpose. She stood tall. Her subjects bowed in respect and backed away from her as she passed. While this was nothing new, she was used to being the only entity to inspire such awe and fear in her underlings. Not that she minded the company. On the contrary, Zariel was quite taken with her companion. He was not a mere brute as she feared. No, he was powerful, but also insightful and intelligent. They'd already shared a great many pleasing conversations as Zariel led him through The Bronze Citadel, Avernus's capital.

"Now that we have seen much of the city, I must ask your impressions of my capital." Zariel said.

"It is impressive," Ajuka Beelzebub, foreign Satan of Technological Development, said. "There are many differences between our two worlds. Your technology is not nearly as advanced as our own, yet you have managed to create a semblance of some of our greater machines. It is impressive. Though your over-reliance on souls as a powersource is a great weakness."

"Perhaps you could assist me with creating an alternative?"

Ajuka nodded minutely. "Perhaps."

Ajuka Beelzebub had arrived with Balthazar Abaddon. Balthazar departed soon after, citing some prior obligation in Faerun. Zariel expected Ajuka would return to Elturel to find a warlock as Serafall Leviathan had done before him. Ajuka had surprised Zariel when he instead asked for a tour of her city. She was eager to oblige him. She had been hoping for an opportunity to interact with the man since she'd first observed his wanderings through her layer of the Nine Hells.

It was…nice. A welcome break in her eternal duty as the sentinel standing between the Abyss and the greater multiverse. For just a moment, she was able to forget the Blood War and simply exist in the moment. The crushing weight of Ajuka Beelzebub's titanic presence sent her underlings scurrying away in terror. To Zariel, it was comforting, a sanctuary of respite where she could momentarily forget the weight she bore on her shoulders.

Ajuka suddenly stopped walking. Zariel paused a moment later.

"Is there an issue, Satan Beelzebub?"

Ajuka didn't answer immediately. He looked to the right of the road. A blob of grey flesh sloughed towards an alley, desperate to vacate the presence of the two great devils.

Ajuka walked over to the blob. It began to tremble as Ajuka's oppressive power crushed down on it.

"Archduchess, this is a lemure, correct?" Ajuka asked, still staring down at the blob.

Zariel walked up next to Ajuka, glaring down at the sniveling creature in disgust. "It is. Forgive me. I should not have allowed such a creature to mar your view of my city." Zariel raised a hand, summoning fire to burn away the pathetic cretin that impugned her reputation with its mere presence.

Ajuka raised a hand haltingly. "A moment please, Archduchess."

Zariel looked questioningly at the Satan as she lowered her hand.

Spell circles appeared in front of Ajuka, all aimed down at the trembling creature as he analyzed it. The lemure appeared so terrified as to die of shock if they remained any longer.

"Virexa has told me much of your Hells and how they differ from my own." Ajuka said, still focused on the lemure. "A facet that interested me was what she said about how devils in the Nine Hells are able to attain greater forms as they grow stronger. Is it possible for this lowly lemure to grow to become a pit fiend?"

Zariel frowned, looking down at the lemure in a new light. "In theory it is possible. In practice it is a different matter. Out of thousands of lemure, perhaps one or two will ever grow to be anything other than what they began as. To grow so far as to become a pit fiend is… Even for other devils with many advantages, that is a rare achievement."

"But the potential exists. I wonder…" Ajuka trailed off, leaning down to inspect the lemure closer.

The lemure was trembling like a shaken bowl of jelly, desperately leaning away from Ajuka's attention.

"I suppose it is a worthy enough experiment." Ajuka held up his hand. In a flash of demonic power, a glowing red Pawn appeared in his hand.

Zariel's breath caught at the sight.

The Nine Hells upheaved following Serafall Leviathan's meeting with Dispatar. A new piece had been placed on the board. Quite literally. Word spread like wildfire that Dispatar now possessed a set of chess pieces able to be used to empower devils that would make them the Lord of Dis's most prized servants. Schemes and open conflict incited immediately. Many devils had perished in the pursuit of Dispatar's attention, desperate to earn the privilege of joining his peerage.

Their infighting proved worthless. So far, Dispatar had used only one of his peerage pieces. He'd told Zariel in a private meeting that it was a proof of concept, a decision made to ensure the pieces worked for devils of the Nine Hells just as they did for the devils of Ajuka's world.

While Zariel believed Dispatar had been validating their function, that was not the only reason why he selected the individual he did.

Zariel's Avernus was constantly under threat from the Abyss. Demon Lords and their underlings rode up the River Styx into Avernus, seeking dominion over the Nine Hells and the material plane beyond. Zariel and her forces stood as the sole bulwark between all of reality and annihilation at the demons' hands.

Demons were not the only force Zariel had to contend with in her home.

Due to ancient bindings, Avernus had long played host to a trapped divine visitor. Dispatar approached Zariel soon after receiving his peerage pieces, requesting her assistance in meeting with the deity who made Avernus her home.

Zariel and her generals escorted Dispatar to a cavern digging into the roots of Avernus. Her generals stayed back as Zariel and Dispatar bargained with the beast.

The five draconic heads of Tiamat grinned as one, amused by Dispatar's request. For centuries, Tiamat's servants had sent her offerings. Some to help her escape to the material plane. Others were simply to make her stay more pleasant. Some were vastly greater than others.

Centuries ago, one of Tiamat's favored clerics sent her an offering of four golden dragon eggs, the favored disciples of her greatest enemy and brother Bahamut. Tiamat raised the dragons, corrupting them with her power, turning them into something mighty and horrible.

Dispatar traded dark magics to Tiamat. In return, one of Tiamat's adopted daughters became Dispatar's Rook.

Zetan the Corrupter could now be seen residing in Dispatar's Iron Tower. Sometimes, the dragon took her true form to fly around the tower or perch atop its peak. At other times, she was seen within the tower itself in her devil form, glowing golden eyes glaring hatefully at any who approached Dispatar's throne with disrespect.

The filling of the single place in Dispatar's peerage did nothing to quell the hysteria of his underlings to earn their own position. It had the opposite effect. More devils slayed each other to usurp their standing in Dispatar's court. Dispatar often complained to Zariel that it was becoming a real problem.

These Evil Pieces were a wondrous item of untold power and potential. The thought that Ajuka was considering using one on a lemure… Zariel could not comprehend it.

"I do not know if Serafall or Carter told you this," Ajuka said, almost to himself. "But I invented the Evil Pieces. I made them centuries ago to bolster our numbers after a great war. I am their creator, yet I have only ever used one of them. My peerage remains unfilled. I cared more about researching than seeking greater power. I already had plenty of power." Ajuka smiled softly. "It feels right that my second peerage member is something of an experiment." Ajuka pressed the Pawn into the lemure.

In a flash of blinding red light, the lemure's body condensed into a small humanoid shape. Devil wings burst forth from its back.

A small boy with ashy gray hair looked up at Ajuka uncomprehendingly. "W-why?" the lemure said.

"You had the potential to become a pit fiend. I wonder if you can still evolve to become a pit fiend now that you are a devil in my peerage. Let's find out together." Ajuka held a hand down to the boy. The boy hesitantly took the Satan's hand and let himself be helped to his feet. He staggered unnaturally, as if unsure how to properly walk.

Zariel laughed, she couldn't help herself.

Ajuka frowned minutely. "Is there a problem, Archduchess."

Zariel shook her head, unable to banish the amused smile from her face. The situation was simply too ridiculous. When was the last time she was this amused? When was the last time she laughed.

…Had she laughed since she fell?

"There is no problem, Satan Beelzebub. It is amusing. Since Satan Leviathan gifted Dispatar his Evil Pieces, many in the Hells have fought to be recognized as worthy of Dispatar's attention. Here, you have elevated a lowly lemure. All of their politicking will amount to nothing. It is truly up to the whims of he who holds the Evil Pieces whom they choose."

Ajuka made an understanding sound. "That actually reminds me. Would you like a set of Evil Pieces, Archduchess?"

Zariel froze, eyes narrowing to slits. Certainly she had misheard him.

"I am afraid I misheard you, Satan Beelzebub."

"You didn't. Would you like a set of Evil Pieces?"

Zariel's tongue felt numb. For the first time in centuries, she wasn't ready with a retort. She didn't know what to say.

"What would you ask in return?" Zariel said carefully. Nothing was free. Even the Evil Pieces Serafall gave to Dispatar were given not out of kindness but to show the Nine Hells how important it was to ally with the foreign devils.

"Consider it payment for being such a fine host during your tour. I enjoyed your company and would like to thank you for it." Ajuka said, his tone of voice and features revealing no trace of a lie, only plain sincerity.

"I…" Zariel shocked herself. Did she just stutter? The Archduchess of Avernus did not stutter.

"I accept." Zariel said firmly.

Ajuka nodded, a satisfied smile on his face. He waved his hand.

A small gasp slipped past Zariel's lips as she felt a source of powerful magic bind itself to her. Instinctually, she raised a hand. A glowing red chess piece appeared in her hand. A Queen. Her Queen. She could feel it, connected to herself by a metaphysical binding not easily severed, perhaps impossible to sever.

Zariel swallowed, taking a moment to compose herself as she banished the Queen. "Thank you, Satan Ajuka."

Ajuka nodded. "You're welcome. And please, just call me Ajuka. Serafall's the one who deals with all of the official business. I'm just here to sightsee."

"Then you may call me, Zariel."

"Shall we continue our tour, Zariel?" Ajuka asked.

Zariel clenched her fist, unwilling to let the tumultuous emotions swirling in her chest show. "We shall."

Zariel continued leading Ajuka through her city, playing the perfect tour guide.

Long after Balthazar Abaddon retrieved Ajuka and the two departed for their own Hell, Zariel remained locked away in isolation, holding her Queen Piece close to her chest.

She hadn't received a gift in centuries. And it was a gift. Ajuka had no ulterior motive for giving her the Evil Pieces. He simply wanted to, so he did.

Zariel smiled at the small chess piece. She made sure no one saw her joy.

It would be troublesome to have to kill any witnesses.


X


Circe had little to do today. Despite the severity of the war Balthazar and Medea had been dragged into, there was now little that could conceivably affect Circe. She lived in a sentient castle protected by Annihilation Maker, hidden by Dimension Lost. Their enemies knew where Balthazar's lands were, but the castle could simply disappear into the mist if ever under threat.

Circe could create items to be used by the devils, but she had no interest in creating tools the devils could potentially use to harm her family. Circe did not enjoy violence. She was capable of visiting it upon those who wronged her, but she much preferred to keep to herself.

She would spend time with Anankos, but her son was out with his father, aunt and uncles, learning how to hunt as Coal put it, 'The way a giant Greek monster should'. Circe was not a giant Greek monster, so she was content to leave Anankos's training in this regard to the capable experts on his father's side of the family.

That left little for Circe to do. Were she still on her island, she would pass the time at her loom. Unfortunately, Circe hadn't thought to bring it with her when she and Anankos left. Perhaps she could make another?

Just as she was beginning to outline a list of supplies she would need for a new loom, a presence tickled the back of Circe's awareness.

Circe smiled, warm and happy. It had been too long.

A teleportation circle expanded out from beneath Circe to whisk her away. She reappeared in one of the many forests in Balthazar's territory. She'd come here before. Once with Anankos and Coal for a hunting lesson and once by herself to gather reagents for the potion she brewed from Khione's last breath. That was one of her more potent creations, rivalling even the brew that brought life to her son.

Circe walked through the trees, following the faint presence at the end of her mind. She stopped in front of a large tree with a thick trunk.

"I know you're here." Circe called, waiting patiently.

There was no reply. Close to a minute after Circe's call, a figure stepped out from behind the tree, footsteps making no sound as they moved over the ground.

A woman emerged. She was small in stature, but her limbs were well-muscled. She wore a tunic made from furs. Mint-colored hair fell down to the midpoint of her back. A bow and a quiver were strung over her shoulder.

Circe recognized the items. How could she not? She made that bow.

"Hello, Circe," Artemis, Greek Goddess of the Hunt, said in greeting.

"Hello, Artemis," Circe replied, a happy smile on her face. "How are you here?"

"Athena found ways for us to enter Hell. I used one of those paths to enter and walked the rest of the way here. I'm not the only one. I was surprised how many people are heading in this direction."

"We're aware. Balthazar and Medea are away. When they come back, we'll see what they want to do about the visitors, but enough about that. It's been too long since I've seen you. I feared I wouldn't see you until the conclusion of the war."

"You likely wouldn't have had I not come on orders." Artemis said, features impassive.

Circe's joy gave way to confusion, then concern. "Orders?"

"Father has ordered me to kill Balthazar Abaddon and his sister."

Circe frowned. "Oh."

Artemis grinned mischievously. "Zeus neglected to give me a timeline for this mission."

Circe's frown morphed into a warm smile. "Oh."

"I hear you have a son now," Artemis said conversationally, but Circe could hear the uncertainty and the hidden question in the words.

Circe laughed, walking up to Artemis and taking her arm, dragging her along behind her.

Artemis stumbled, awkwardly stuttering, though no words came.

"I do have a son," Circe said. "Anankos, son of Coal. His genesis is not what you assume. Coal and I respect one-another, but there is no more to it than that. Would you like to meet Anankos?"

Artemis looked away shyly, a faint blush dusting her cheeks. "I…I would." She laced her fingers through Circe's, leaning into the witch's side.

"Then come. I'm sure he would love to meet you."


X


Remiel trembled as he beheld the vision before his eyes.

The sky opened. Monsters pulled from nightmares fell like rain down upon the Silver City. Try as they might to stem the assault, Heaven's defenders proved insufficient to hold back the tide.

Remiel's fist clenched. His lips thinned into a determined line.

No. This would not come to pass. Remiel would not allow it. He had failed once, but he understood his enemy better now. He would not fail twice.

In his vision, the monsters fell from dark points of nothing in the sky. Holes. This was Balthazar Abaddon's doing. It was as Remiel had always feared, as he'd always known. Balthazar was a threat to the stability of their world. He was a threat to Heaven itself. He needed to be dealt with permanently.

Boreas had failed, but then how could he not have? The god was a fool. Even when Remiel supplied him with the recipe to total victory, the god blundered. There would be no lucky escape for Balthazar this time. Remiel would deal with this personally.

A hand rested on Remiel's shoulder.

"It is time, brother," Seleste said quietly.

Remiel nodded at his sister in thanks.

This time would be different. Remiel knew his enemy. Remiel knew the future he would avert. Balthazar would be distracted by the devils' war with Olympus. And, most importantly, Remiel was not alone.

"We fly, my brothers and sisters!" Remiel called.

Dozens of angels rose into the sky with him, following him as he began the descent to Earth. Together, they would save Heaven's Host. They would save humanity. They would save everything.


Spoiler: Author's Note:
Last edited: May 24, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,109 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
May 24, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 49
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jun 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#9,681
Was this how Serafall felt every time I dropped a massive problem in her lap? I hadn't done enough to pay that woman back for all the shit I put her through if she was constantly dealing with crap like this. I needed to get her some more magical girls ASAP.

"I'm sorry," I said, trying to rewire my brain so the sentence I just heard would actually compute. "What?"

"Several thousand refugees from the city the Greeks attacked and several hundred others from across the territories subordinate to Olympus have come seeking asylum." Shiroe repeated distractedly as he poured over a dozen ledgers in front of him. Latia Astaroth scribbled notes into another ledger at his side. Apparently he'd called her for help when he couldn't get in contact with me while I was in Baator.

"Okay, but why are they here?" I was still having trouble processing all of this.

"You saved the devils from the Greeks. They believe they will be safe under your aegis, especially after hearing you withstood Boreas's assault and emerged the victor." Latia said distractedly. "I believe the Greeks are here because of the rumors of you harboring Idyia and Thetis."

"Artemis is here too." Shiroe added.

I felt like I was stun-locked. The moment I began to understand what was going on I got hit with another surprise. "Artemis? You didn't think that telling me a Greek goddess was attacking took priority?"

"She's not attacking." Shiroe assured me. "Zeus sent her here to kill you but he didn't tell her when to kill you. She's been very clear that she plans to carry out his order on your deathbed. She's using it as an opportunity to get out from under his thumb."

"And we're just taking her word on that?"

"Circe trusts her, but I've got eyes on her. Circe took her to meet Anankos while Coal, Chimera, Regulus and Ladon were hunting with him. I sent Matatabi and Irene to join them so they could watch Artemis. She hasn't tried anything yet, so I've been focusing on the refugee crisis. If Artemis makes a move, we can pull everyone to safety with Dimension Lost."

I rubbed my forehead, feeling a migraine coming on.

I just got back from transporting six more groups of devils and Ajuka himself to Faerun so they could make warlocks. Serafall needed me back in a few hours so we could plan an attack on a Greek temple somewhere in the mortal world. With Hole, I was the best choice to transport our forces. Now I had to deal with this mess in my own home?

"How many people are asking for asylum? Do we have a hard number or are we estimating right now?" I asked, trying to process all this.

Shiroe shook his head as he flipped through another book. "We don't have an exact figure yet. The castle is creating creatures to count the refugees, but it is fighting me. Can I be an Abaddon, Balthazar? I don't need a branch or anything. It would really help speed things along. I'd already thought about it before, and with this situation, it's just practical."

"Shiroe, I name you Shiroe Abaddon." I said tiredly, immediately feeling a change come over the man.

Latia paused her note taking to stare up at me in confusion. "Just like that?"

"It's my Clan. I'll do what I want with it." I said a little more defensive than I meant. The exhaustion was starting to get to me.

Latia shrugged, unoffended at my curt response. "Fair enough."

"What do you want to do about this, Balthazar?" Shiroe asked, looking up from the ledgers. As he spoke, a shadowy creature entered the room and dropped three more books atop a stack on his desk before departing. Shiroe looked at the new tomes dejectedly before turning back to look at me. "There are a lot of people asking for refuge. Between the devils and the Greeks… Even if it were just one of the groups, we would struggle to deal with this logistically. We don't have the food stored to feed them all. With Idyia and Thetis, not to mention the other nereids and Oceanids in the group, water wouldn't be a problem, but housing is an issue. We can't feed and house this many people with no notice."

"Give me a second," I said tiredly.

I reached out to my mental connection with Medea. It was far away, as it always was when we were on separate worlds. 'Medea?'

'Yes, honey?'

'There's a…situation here. Have you found what you're looking for?'

When I brought today's first group of devils to Faerun, I also dropped Medea, Shang Tsung and Mothra into Baator. Medea had plans for True Longinus, but she believed she could do something better if she had something to 'corrupt' it. I didn't know exactly what she was looking for, but I figured the Nine Hells would be a good place to start. I didn't want her wandering around Baator alone, so I sent Shang Tsung and Mothra with her. Shang Tsung brought Skarlet along. Between the four of them, they'd be able to look after one-another. And with Shang Tsung there, they would be able to make it back themselves if they encountered anything too dangerous. He could also move them somewhere else if they didn't find what they were looking for.

Ever since absorbing Boreas and having his Pawn permanently promoted to Queen, Shang Tsung's power had exploded. He was constantly generating far more demonic power than anyone else in my peerage, beating out most of them combined. He shone almost as bright as a King Piece. That came with benefits.

Much like I used Bedeze's King Piece to power my trips between worlds, Shang Tsung had experimented and found he could now do the same. When assuming my form to copy Hole, Shang Tsung could walk between worlds. He was not as good with the ability as I was. Each trip left him more and more exhausted. He could only manage two trips in one day without risking passing out, but it was still a massive force multiplier. I now had another peerage member able to walk between worlds with near-impunity. Unlike Medea, Shang tsung could transport people other than himself as well.

'No, but I believe I am close. Do you need me to return?' Medea sent back through our bond.

I pursed my lips as I thought for a moment. I'd been planning to open a small village in my lands for a while now. All of the greater houses in Hell hosted at least a small settlement of vassals with some of the greater Houses boasting multiple large cities. The Bael family had over ten major settlements. I wouldn't be surprised if some of the devils now crowding my lands were refugees from those settlements fleeing the destruction of the Bael Pillar.

With the estimated numbers Shiroe was giving me, this would not be a small village, but it was probably the best chance I'd have to establish a settlement on my lands, especially if I wanted it done fast. The timing was terrible though. A war had just started. A good chunk of the citizens would be Greek. That wouldn't be a problem at any other time, but it was almost guaranteed that there were spies amongst the group trying to ferret out my secrets.

But what would happen if I turned them away? A host of minor goddesses let loose upon the Underworld while we're already dealing with enemies breaching into Hell? At least here, I can keep an eye on them.

'I'll take care of it,' I sent to Medea. 'Let me know when you're done. I'll bring you all back.'

'I will. Let me know if you change your mind and need my help.' Her presence faded from my mind.

I walked up to the wall of the room and laid a hand flat against it. I closed my eyes, reaching out to the intelligence of my castle.

I looked up at the ceiling. "I need you to create a host of creatures for me. Make spies that can watch the refugees for signs of sabotage or espionage. Make guards that can be used to maintain order between them. Make creatures that will be skilled enough to hastily construct small homes, buildings and roads. Once that's done, I want you to litter every acre of my territory with scouts and soldiers. Track down anyone who might have infiltrated my territory with one of these groups and either bring them back to the group or eliminate them if they try something. Send monsters to the border of my lands at the highest traffic points and set up checkpoints so something like this doesn't happen again. Can you do that?"

I felt a swell of pride from the castle. The floor hummed beneath my feet. Annihilation Maker spun to work, creating the workforce I asked for.

"So we're letting them stay?" Shiroe asked.

I nodded. "Get me an accurate count of how many people there are. I need to know how many people we need to feed and house."

"We don't have the supplies stored to…"

Shiroe trailed off as I held up a hand. "I'll deal with that. Just get me the count. And send a message to Serafall to let her know what's happening. Tell her sorry to cause another headache and I promise to do something nice for her." I closed my eyes, connecting to the scrying protections Medea placed around our lands.

Finding what I sought, I opened a Hole and stepped through it.

A cacophony of shouts and panicked cries assaulted my ears the moment I stepped through the Hole. The vast plain beneath me was invisible, hidden behind a packed crowd of devils, nymphs, nereids, oceanids, and all manner of different creatures. I even saw a hellhound mixed into the mass. The devils had gathered together. There was a gap between their group and the Greeks. Both sides were shouting at each-other. I saw glaring faces and powers manifesting. A fight was going to break out at some point if this continued.

Dozens of small Holes opened in the sky above the crowd, all connected to the one I held in my hand.

"Hello," I said through the Hole.

Instantly, the bickering halted. As one, every face in a sea of supernatural creatures turned to look up at me.

"My name is Viscount Balthazar Abaddon, Lord of the House of Abaddon. I understand you are all on my lands seeking refuge, correct?"

A wall of sound assaulted my ears. I couldn't make out a single word as every voice in the crowd began shouting.

"That's enough of that," I said irritably, flaring my power. Maybe it wasn't the best move to let my anger slip out like that, but I was exhausted, and these assholes were trespassing. Granted, I was planning to let them stay, but that didn't mean they hadn't trespassed to get here.

The crowd quieted. Everyone stood still, hanging on my every word.

"I don't have enough buildings to house you. I don't have enough food to feed you. I–"

Someone shouted in dismay, unleashing the rest as everyone began trying to shout over one-another.

"Enough!" I roared, demonic power blasting away from me. My voice echoed over the plain, carried by the Holes I'd created.

I took a moment to calm myself and let the crowd quiet.

"As I was saying, I do not have the means to support you. So I will acquire it. I do not have buildings for you to stay in, so they will be constructed. I do not have the food to feed you, so I will purchase it. This will take time. You will be patient and will not cause any problems while this is done. I am being overly generous not only by allowing you to stay here after trespassing on my lands, but by accommodating you. You will show gratitude. Anyone who takes issue with how I decide to house you is free to leave. Anyone who starts problems or initiates any form of violence will be dealt with, perhaps lethally. I am taking a substantial risk allowing you to stay here. You will appreciate that risk and not cause problems. If you have an issue with how I handle things, you are free to leave. Do I make myself clear?"

Silence answered me.

"Good," I said, letting some of the tension bleed out of me. I'd been running around Faerun for hours and now I had to deal with this mess. I needed a break.

Shadows rose out of the ground into lanky monsters with long claws. Hulking masses of red armor burst from the soil to lumber towards the group.

"These are my underlings," I announced. "Listen to them and do what they say."

Through my Holes, I heard more than one voice whisper 'Annihilation Maker'. It wasn't common knowledge before that Medea had made it so we could use Annihilation Maker. It was now. Hopefully that would keep people from trying to fuck with us.

I stepped through another Hole. "Keep an eye on them. Help Shiroe sort this mess out while I gather supplies. If anyone causes problems, deal with them as you see fit. They've been warned." I said, looking up to the ceiling.

The castle rumbled pleasantly as it received my order.

Sighing, I held up my hand, creating a small Hole. "Aqua, I need your help. Meet me in the ball room."

I closed the Hole and opened another, stepping into the castle's ball room. Spells flew through the air, scattering shadow creatures. Blades sung as they slashed down into hulking armors.

My warlocks and my paladin darted around the ground below, cutting through minions created by Annihilation Maker. With each monster slain, their strength grew. My own power swelled as they grew in strength. They'd only been at this for a few days and I already felt stronger than I had in years. Setting them to work like this was producing incredibly potent results far greater than my old method of sapping away my strength with Hole. It felt like cheating, but I couldn't be bothered to care. I'd need every advantage I could grab in the coming days.

"Hold off on any more monsters," I ordered the castle.

Shadows skulked back into the ground, armors lumbered out of the room. My warlocks and paladin all breathed heavy, turning to face me as I approached.

"My lord," Cyvis said, dipping into a curtsy.

I held up a hand. "Please save the formality for now. I have a headache."

Vellia frowned. "Is there something we can do to help, my lord?"

"That's why I'm here."

Before I could elaborate, a dark Keyhole opened as Aqua stepped up to my side. "You called?" she said.

"Good," I said, addressing everyone. "We're dealing with a refugee crisis. I don't have the food or the housing to take care of them all. I'll send Keno and Irene to purchase what they can locally, but it's not going to be enough on such short notice. Aqua and I are going to take your four back to Faerun. I want you to show us every market you know of and we'll buy them out of everything they have. Once we've exhausted our options there, I'll bring you four back here, and Aqua and I will keep jumping around to other places where we've been buying more materials and food."

"Where are we sending everything?" Aqua asked.

"Just drop everything outside the front door of the castle. The castle will create monsters with Annihilation Maker to carry everything to where it needs to go. Any other questions?"

"How will we acquire the goods, my lord?" Vellia asked. "Do you need us to steal the materials you require?" She didn't seem to have a problem with that idea, she just wanted to know the plan.

"I'm not keen on making enemies if I don't have to. Aqua can access the treasury as easily as I can. I have more money than some pantheons at this point. Just buy everything you can find and I doubt it'll make more than a small dent in my savings." I said.

When no further questions were asked, I turned to Aqua. "You take Vellia and Rath through the Sword Coast and any other place Rath's been. I'll take Cyvis and Tristan through Cormyr and some of the elven lands. We're going to get a very strange assortment of materials, but I have faith the castle will be able to make workable structures from everything."

The castle rumbled, filled with confidence.

"Let's get to it," I said.


X


I returned to the castle, physically and mentally exhausted. Tristan had seen a lot of places when he'd fled Cormy, leading to him knowing a great many places to acquire materials. Cyvis, similarly, travelled a lot as a child while her parents tried to build her into the role as their heir. It took a while to get through every city and buy out most of their food stalls and quarries. We didn't take everything lest we leave a town starving, but we bought up most products on offer and left soon after.

When we finally exhausted the lands they knew, I dropped them both off in the ballroom and continued on my own. I returned to the Elemental Nations to buy more food. I went to the Earthrealm connected to Shang Tsung's Outworld to buy drywall, shingles, and other modern materials. I stopped at each of my mines in Faerun and beyond to gather everything I could.

Aqua was similarly busy, galavanting all over Faerun before returning to the castle to grab Keno and head back to Keno's world to buy even more materials.

At the end of it all, we'd acquired the strangest assortment of building materials around. Shining mithril mixed with regular bricks. High Elven steel forged in Evereska supported timber sourced from Earthrealm.

Were I not so tired, I'd be awed at the mixture of so many worlds coming together into one city. The castle's monsters worked fast. Already, structures were beginning to take shape. I suppose it helped when you could create an infinite supply of labor tailor-made to accomplish whatever task you required at the drop of a hat.

Shiroe and Latia had finished their census. 7,349 devils and 942 one-time Greeks of various origins and species were now sheltered in my lands. The count kept increasing as more and more groups of devils and minor Greeks kept arriving, escorted by monsters created by Annihilation Maker from one of the checkpoints the castle set up. If I didn't have access to a multiverse's worth of resources to draw from, this would have been a massive problem. Even with my advantages, it was still a serious headache.

In human terms, over seven-thousand people wasn't very much. In devil terms, it was unprecedented. Since the rise of popularity of the Evil Pieces, devilkind's numbers had been swelling drastically, but many of the old Pillars and noble devils had gone extinct or were near-extinct. Even with the surplus of population from the Evil Pieces, we still had less than a million devils all told. I wasn't sure what the exact number was. Probably somewhere between three-hundred-thousand and seven-hundred-fifty-thousand at a brief guess, but it was nothing compared to the number of humans on Earth.

Over seven-thousand devils sought me out for protection rather than going to Lucifaad for the New Satan's help. They came to me over Pillars like the Sitri, Agares and Gremory that have been sturdy sentinels for centuries. No, they came to a near-extinct house that only recently rose to contend with the greater powers of the Underworld.

I didn't have the energy to deal with the implications of that right now.

I was taking a break. Suspended high in the air, I looked down on shadowy monsters as they hastily erected structures. Foundations needed to be set to make permanent housing. Most of the construction efforts were dedicated towards that while a smaller group of creatures sent up temporary tents and simple structures. Hulking beasts of red, armored rock distributed exotic fruit and strange meat no one on this Earth would recognize.

It was safe to assume that my secret would be out in the near future. There was little other explanation for how I was able to get all of this set up on such short notice. Maybe it was just the exhaustion, but I couldn't bring myself to care.

Before, I was deathly terrified about my secret getting out because it would paint a target on my back. People would come after me, come after my peerage, to try to force our cooperation. That wasn't such a scary thought any more. Medea bound two Longinus Sacred Gears to my castle, both of which synergized to give me an infinite army I could deploy anywhere I wished without even using Hole. If anyone attacked me again like Boreas did, I could simply disappear into the mist. I hadn't tested it yet, but I might even be able to work with Aqua to supercharge the castle's ability and move the entire castle away from Hell itself.

Even if someone managed to kill me, those two Longinus-class Sacred Gears would still be bound to my castle. My peerage would be able to make use of them. Any of my potential children would be able to make use of them. They would now serve the Abaddon family for all time, an eternal stick we could use to threaten anyone who wanted to fuck with us.

I sighed, closing my eyes and rubbing my forehead.

This was a headache. It would be worse without Shiroe. The man was working overtime, drawing up maps of the city-to-be on my land and working closely with the castle to make sure every arrival in my land was taken care of and that the monsters built their structures in a way that wouldn't create problems later. I doubted Shiroe had a background in city planning, but some talent he possessed from his game avatar was letting him cheat. He'd drawn up sewers, power stations, city centers, parks – all the utilities and niceties one would expect in a city with the conveniences of the modern world. If I were paying him, I'd give him a raise. As it was, he already had one of the debit cards I gave to everyone in my peerage with near-total access to my bank account. I'd make sure he used it to buy or do something nice for himself when all of this was dealt with.

I took a deep breath, slowly starting to wind down. I was tired. I'd done all I could for right now, so I was going to take a nap.

Moments from opening a Hole to my bed so I could sleep, I felt a ping through the wards. My drowsiness fled, washed away by a tide of adrenaline. Amethyst mist rose from the ground below me, sheltering the burgeoning structures of my city and whisking them away to safety. Confused refugees were sent away, their cries of alarm cut off as Dimension Lost shunted them elsewhere. Monsters rose from the mist, flying up into the air, screeching in challenge as they rose to meet their foe.

High in the sky, suspended on ivory wings, dozens of angels appeared from nowhere. They were everywhere. Hundreds of them.

A powerful pulse of magic crackled from below me. I caught sight of one of the refugees, a woman holding a torch whose face was obscured by a dark robe. She stepped away from Dimension Lost's mist as it moved to envelop her. A shadowy monster rose from her shadow. The monster made from Annihilation Maker struck towards her as she worked her magic only to be battered into nothing as the woman flicked her hand and unleashed a rush of magical force directly into the creature.

Magic suffused the air. The woman's torch flared bright, its flame rising to encompass her body. She disappeared.

The angels in the sky, summoned by whatever power the woman wielded, let out challenging cries and cheers.

One angel, leading the others, spread his arms wide, twelve brilliant wings unfurled behind him.

"Your reckoning has come, devil!" the angel cried. A shining sword of pure radiant power appeared in the archangel's hand. Four more angels flew up beside him. Each of these had ten wings.

"For the light of Heaven!" the angel called. He tucked his wings around his body, falling into a dive. Annihilation Maker monsters were sundered from his path as he unleashed radiant power into them.

Holes opened all around me.

"The entire Heavenly host appeared on my lands and is attacking. I need support now." I said clinically. More Holes opened above me, blasting spears, daggers and elemental fire towards the angels. The vast majority of the angels resisted or dodged my attacks. A scant few with only two wings were impaled or scorched by flame, tumbling uncontrollably on their wings as they fell to the ground dead. More angels were torn down by monsters flying on shadow wings.

The angels' numbers were so vast as to fill the entire sky, yet Annihilation Maker's monsters were unending. They continued to fly up and assault the angels. Most scattered into nothing before ever reaching the angel's charging line, destroyed by a cast spell or flung spear of radiant light. Some scored a hit before being destroyed. A rare few slew a single angel as they were slain.

Lightning crackled above. With a snap of thunder, a lightning bolt scored a path down through Annihilation Maker's horde. Dark clouds gathered as more and more lightning bolts fell. The wind picked up. Blades of air whipped up into a tornado that tore its way across the ground. Fire and ice wove within the tornado, flying free to destroy swathes of my monsters, clearing the angel's path towards the ground.

Dimension Lost's mist swelled up from the ground, condensing into a titanic mass like a mountain of fog. A thunderous rushing of air heralded the arrival of a grand structure. Dark walls standing strong. Spiked towers reaching towards the sky. The majesty of Castle Abaddon made itself known, transported through Dimension Lost's mist to the battlefield.

Immediately, the castle's gem turrets unleashed their spells, firing streams of magic into the sky like tracer rounds fired from anti-aircraft canons. Dark shadowy tendrils rose from the ground to tear at the shifting tornado destroying my monsters even as the tornado altered its course towards the castle

The angels were so shocked by the castle's sudden appearance that many of them faltered in their charge, spreading their wings wide to brake against the air. Several of them were blasted by the castle's magic. Some were even killed. It wasn't enough.

The angels regrouped and continued downwards. They'd lost several of their brothers and sisters. There was still a sea of divine messengers flooding down towards me. Even with Annihilation Maker, I couldn't fight this many alone.

"Balthazar, open a path for us to join you!"

"We're coming, Bal!"

"I am here, Balthazar!"

"Bal, open a Hole right fucking now!"

Many voices spoke through the Holes around me. I'd expected maybe one or two responses over the course of several minutes. Instead, almost everyone I reached out to was responding immediately.

A Hole opened at my side. It wasn't one of mine.

Kuisha led the way through, followed closely by Sairaorg and the rest of his peerage.

Pink hair crowned by horns emerged from another Hole, followed by a woman with pale skin and snake scales gently dotting her face. Roygun led her peerage into the air at my side.

The air crackled with demonic power as a man with bone-white hair in a dark coat floated through another Hole. A woman with shining skin and white hair engulfed in amber fire drifted through the Hole at his side. Diehauser looked almost as murderous as his Queen as they both glared up at the angels falling towards us. The rest of his peerage followed through the Hole behind him.

White mist spread from the final Hole. Jagged fractals of ice gathered and launched skyward, heralding the arrival of a dark-haired woman in black armor with glacial designs. Serafall Leviathan raised her arms, summoning an icy vortex to rip asunder the flaming tornado that had been destroying my monsters.

"We need to deal with this fast," Serafall said, sounding pissed. Her hair was levitating away from her body. Her eyes glowed a chilled blue. This was the most enraged I'd ever seen her. "The Greeks just launched an attack against Lucifaad. Sirzechs and Baldur are there, but they need help. I was about to call you in to transport others when you reached out. Everyone kill the angels until they run away, then we go back to Lucifaad. Remiel is mine."

The air split in Serafall's wake. A sonic boom shook the air as she rocketed into the sky, beelining directly towards the twelve-winged angel.

The rest of the angels had halted their charge again, looking between one-another in uncertainty at the force of devils arrayed against them.

"I've been looking forward to this," Roygun said, an evil grin on her face as she held out a hand.

An angel screamed, his body splitting in half as Crack tore him apart. The spray of his golden blood painted the once pristine wings of his brothers and sisters.

Angels roared in fury, resuming their charge. Devils rose to meet them.

I was getting really tired of people trying to attack me. I was going to work out that frustration on these idiot angels.

Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,153 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jun 6, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 50
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jun 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#9,769
For a long time now, I tried to keep my cards close to my chest. I was afraid if people knew what I could do, they would come after me. I was afraid unseen enemies would kill me or worse, that they'd kill those close to me. My initial desire to create a strong peerage was mostly borne of a desire to have people willing and able to defend me when my secrets finally got out. Then Magdaran sent me an innocent letter I'd wrongly interpreted as a bomb. Then I made Medea my Queen.

I steadily built my peerage with Medea. With each new addition, I cared less and less about raw strength and more about an individual's ability to mesh with those I'd already recruited. My peerage were no longer guards against unseen enemies, they were family.

Years ago, I set out to grow powerful and influential enough to stand on my own two feet. I'd done that and more. I was one of the strongest lords of Hell. I was one of the single most wealthy individuals in the supernatural. I had built a family around myself that I would do anything to protect.

Somewhere along the way, my main goal changed from keeping myself safe to keeping us safe. What was the purpose of money if I couldn't use it to buy teddy bears for Aqua? What was the point of gathering more and more land if I didn't let Coal hunt the mystical creatures that dwelled in those lands?

Where most devils would keep reaching for more and more, I was satisfied. I was more than satisfied. I was happy.

I'd built a life I never would have expected I'd live. I had everything I could ever want and more. I had no desire to reach for more.

But certain idiots couldn't leave well-enough alone.

The Greeks were one matter. I could see how, from a warped perspective, I had wronged them. Whatever. I was dealing with it. Heaven? What crime had I committed against the Silver City? Maybe they didn't like my wife breaking the Sacred Gears they used to enslave anything and everything their dearly departed daddy could get his grubby little hands on. Oh no! I broke their slave engines! I guess in their eyes that warrants a full invasion.

Even at the start of all this when my ambition was at its most fiery, I never wanted to stand among the world's titans. I didn't care about amassing so much power as to make pantheons bleed. That much attention really just sounded like a never-ending headache. Everything I'd done, I'd done to safeguard the future I was building for myself and my peerage, yet everyone seemed to think I had it out for them specifically on a personal level when they didn't factor into my decision making at all. Maybe from their perspective, I was a horrible threat to their way of life. I had no real way to know. I didn't live their life. I couldn't completely understand their perspective. I didn't care either way.

These bastards came to my home. They clearly didn't stop to think about how well that worked out for Boreas. The deceased god of the North Wind at least had a semblance of a plan that posed a genuine threat to me. But this pathetic attempt by the angels? No. They appear high in the skies above my home and charge downward, a shared battle cry on their lips. The fools must think dear dead daddy's great power is still with them.

Boreas hid his forces in Dimension Lost when he attacked me, making it nearly impossible to affect them. Without Aqua, we would have been in serious trouble while fighting him. The angels had no such protection. All they brought with them was a target rich environment.

The air above us was filled with dark spots like a body ridden with plague. Holes opened all around the Heavenly host. Above. To the side. Below.

The air screamed as six massive orbs of destructive force flew through six separate Holes as I unleashed bijuu bombs Matatabi had stored in my pocket spaces.

Angels screamed. Perfect feathers scattered to rain down as Heaven's unified charge was fractured under the force of titanic explosions. Annihilation Maker's monsters wasted no time flowing into the angels' broken ranks, sowing discord even if they weren't capable of doing much damage to the armored angels. They didn't need to. They were just the distraction.

"I will transport you wherever you need to go," I called to my gathered allies. The top two Rating Game peerages were present. Sairaorg's peerage was present. My peerage was emerging through Holes all around us. Above, Serafall was an icy blur, battling six powerful angels at once. She could use some help.

Coal roared as he appeared right next to her through a Hole, jaws clamping down on an eight-winged angel.

"Thank you for coming," I said calmly to my allies, lips thinning into a line. "Please assist me in destroying these creatures."

Roygun laughed, a merry sound. "With pleasure." She dashed through a Hole, her Queen on her heels. They appeared amidst the angels' ranks, hurling spells and rending angels apart with Crack. I opened more Holes around them, supporting them with elemental fire and an inexhaustible supply of enchanted weapons.

Pearl-colored energy exploded into being around Sairaorg. "Kuisha, stay with Bal to coordinate. Ladon, Chimera, Regulus, Ladon, you're all with me. Everyone else, guard Kuisha." Sairaorg's soared into the sky, kicking against the ground. Small, controlled explosions lit up the air beneath his feet, sending him soaring into the sky, the peerage members he named hot on his heels.

"I will support the Leviathan," Diehauser said, eyes narrowed as he glared up at the angels. "I leave the outliers to you, Balthazar." His body blurred as he dashed high into the sky, his peerage slowly following in a tight formation as they met the angel's shattered line.

My allies cut into the chaos I created in the angels' formation, gaining ground, but the angels were slowly recovering. Best for me to stop that from happening.

An illusion rendered me invisible as a Hole pulled me down to the ground. I floated horizontal, staring up at the sky, floating just a few feet off the ground. The lower vantage gave me a better view of the battle above. There were plenty of devils on the field able to fight up close and personal. In this battle, I would be most useful supporting from a distance.

Flames roared forth from a Hole behind Roygun, turning the angel striking at her from behind to ash. Glowing spears covered in runes launched out of a Hole above Sairaorg, turning the angels trying to flank him into a pincushion.

I wasn't sure how the angels thought this would go, but the reality of the situation was certainly not what they intended.

Golden blood fell like rain. Once pristine feathers were blasted from Holy wings to flutter to the ground. Limp angelic forms fell from the sky, swallowed before they could reach the ground by a starving mist that permeated the battlefield. Every moment, twisted shadows borne of nightmares and massive crimson forms of jagged rock and hatred emerged from the mist all around the angels, surrounding them.

I frowned. I heard screaming. My eyes scanned the sky, searching for the source.

There, high above the panicked mass of angels desperately trying to regroup to weather the combined assault of two Longinus-Class Sacred Gears and some of the strongest peerages in Hell, Diehauser and Serafall squared off against a group of angels held in reserve. Each angel had at least eight wings. Most had ten or twelve. One of the twelve-winged angels was screaming in fury, practically frothing at the mouth as he hurled light spears.

Holes opened in the paths of the light spears, absorbing them before Diehauser or Serafall had to worry about dodging.

I was far away, but I could still see the change that passed over the angel as his attack was thwarted by my power. He thrashed in the air, screaming curses. I caught something about instability and unholiness, but my attention was split. While the angel was throwing his tantrum, a group of seven angels tried to surround Chimera. Four of them fell with magical daggers buried in their body. The final three fell to Chimera's claws.

Lightning split the sky. Ladon howled in pain as a crackling bolt of energy struck him square in the chest. Black scales sprouted from his flesh as he began to change into his draconic form. Another lightning bolt clipped him in the shoulder, spinning him downward through the air before he caught himself on massive leathery wings.

Dark storm clouds gathered in opposition to Dimension Lost's mist. Electric energy crackled within the clouds, snapping out towards my allies. Any of the Annihilation Maker monsters that got too close to the clouds was instantly struck by a bolt of energy and sundered.

I slipped through another Hole to reposition myself, scanning the battlefield for the source of the clouds and the lightning. It wasn't unheard of for angels to be spellcasters, but more often than not, their power was based solely in holy power, not in controlling the weather. So who was throwing the lightning around? Was it the same witch who'd hidden among the refugees and opened the way for the angels to break through the wards at the edge of my lands?

Wind screamed in my ears. A hundred meters from the castle, another flaming tornado spun to life, spitting lightning towards my allies, launching massive chunks of earth towards the castle. Paradoxically, shards of ice flew out of the tornado of fire in all directions, cutting into the monsters created by Annihilation Maker. Many of the beasts were slain, but they were easily replaced. More creatures spawned from the mist of Dimension Lost and took to the sky to join the fight against the invaders.

The castle stood tall despite the tornado's assault. Every projectile was absorbed into Dimension Lost. Some were even launched back into the air towards the approaching angelic horde, though the castle relied mainly on Medea's gem turrets to attack.

I absorbed as many lightning strikes as I could into Holes before they could strike my allies, but a sparse number of them got past me. Luckily, they struck larger targets like Coal, Regulus or Ancas – devils able to take the hit and keep fighting. It wouldn't be long before whoever this lightning wielder was snuck a bolt past me to strike someone who couldn't take it. I needed to find them and eliminate them.

I closed one eye while searching the field with the other. The scrying protections Medea wove into the foundation of our lands lit up my awareness. The overpowering presence of holy energy was almost blinding, making it nearly impossible to spot anything through the tide of the angels' power. I wouldn't have been able to find my target if he wasn't special himself.

Suddenly, the flaming tornado and the rapid lightning strikes made sense. It wasn't a god fighting on the angels' side. Rather, it was a mortal carrying one of the strongest Sacred Gears in existence – the Longinus Zenith Tempest.

Zenith Tempest granted the holder supreme command over the elements, turning the wielder into a walking apocalypse. They could summon the weather to tear down a city. They could call on the waters of the ocean to wash away armies. Accounts from the past spoke of these very acts occurring when Zenith Tempest was wielded by someone long enough to master its power. From what little I remembered of him from my first life, Dulio Gesualdo, the current holder of Zenith Tempest, was skilled enough with his Sacred Gear to earn the attention of Michael himself. I needed to deal with him now.

While my allies continued shredding into the angels' rapidly deteriorating forces, I passed through another Hole.

I reappeared high above my lands, farther in the sky than even than where Serafall and Diehauser were dispatching another ten-winged angel. The screaming twelve-winged dove was turning hysterical, clutching his head and muttering something about 'it' being gone and how he could no longer see. I trusted Diehauser and Serafall to manage on their own for the time being. I would support them once the walking apocalypse was dealt with.

Dulio floated in the air, currents of wind holding him aloft above the battlefield. A group of angels floated around him in a protective wing. Each of them had eight wings.

"The Abaddon is here!" one of the angels screamed, eyes glowing bright gold as she hurled a light spear at me despite my invisibility.

A Hole opened in front of the spear while another opened behind the angel's head. Her spear vanished into the Hole between us while a different spear rocketed out of the Hole behind her head and tore through the front of her face. I would have hit her with her own spear if I wasn't so uncertain about whether or not angels could be harmed by their own holy power. Now was not the time to experiment or let idiotic pride cost me victory. I would do what had worked so far and kill all of these idiots. Medea, Shang Tsung and Irene could experiment with their corpses later.

Dulio spun around as the other angels rallied to attack me.

Elemental fire poured forth from several Holes, atomizing two more angels before they could react.

Dulio raised a hand. I felt my connection to my fire snap away as he used Zenith Tempest to wrest it out of my control.

I immediately closed every connection I had to the Elemental Plane of Fire. His command of the weather was already proving to be the largest threat to my allies on the battlefield. I couldn't risk Dulio gaining control of even more Elemental Fire.

Small, marble-sized Holes opened around Dulio as more of his angelic body guards fell to enchanted spears and daggers fired from my improvised Gate of Babylon.

Dulio grunted in pain as I forced demonic power through the Holes I held in my hands, channeled through the marble-sized openings around Dulio to greatly increase the pressure they struck with.

I grunted in pain as a blade of wind cut into me from behind. I maneuvered through a Hole, reappearing above Dulio. I raised my hands over my head, roaring in exertion as I created a massive orb of pure demonic power.

Dulio looked up, slashing his arms towards me to throw my own Elemental Fire at me on a current of cutting wind.

I grinned, letting the orb of demonic power I'd manifested scatter into nothing as I fled through a Hole, dodging Dulio's attack. He'd fallen for my trick. I was an Abbadon. My Clan Trait was Hole. I could strike from any angle I desired. I didn't need a fancy light show to defeat my opponents. They made for good distractions though.

The air screamed for an entirely different reason as four Tailed Beast Bombs appeared in the air all around Dulio.

The blonde man's green eyes widened in shock as he realized his predicament. He was so focused on me that he hadn't seen my attack coming. He raised his arm, attempting something when all four bombs detonated.

A titanic shockwave split the sky, knocking several angels into uncontrolled, tumbling freefall as an explosion as large as my castle lit up the sky.

'Honey, I need help,'

Medea suddenly speaking into my mind caught me so off guard I almost let a light spear hurled by an enraged angel strike me. I centered myself and opened a Hole to suck it away at the last second.

'I'm fighting an army of invading angels. Are you in immediate danger? Can it wait?' I sent back, punching demonic power through the throat of the angel that tried to skewer me as I searched the sky for Dulio. Those Tailed Beast Bombs had connected, but I wasn't counting the bastard dead until I saw a body. The flame tornado was still raging on the ground and the electrified clouds still suffused the sky, granted with far less zeal than they did previously.

'Angels? Invading? I'm coming back.'

'It's mostly handled. I just need to finish off Zenith Tempest and we…' My eyes narrowed.

There. Two angels each with six wings held Dulio's arms as they dragged him behind them through the air at breakneck speeds. Dulio looked rough. His clothes were blasted apart. Blood leaked from his ears and nose. His chest and face were heavily burned. Those Tailed Beast Bombs should have killed him outright. Either he managed to save himself with Zenith Tempest somehow or he had immensely powerful divine protections layered over him before the fight. Even with whatever he'd used to survive, he was barely able to keep his eyes open. The man was on his last legs.

'Zenith Tempest?'

I grinned. I recognized the intrigued tone in Medea's voice. I opened three Holes. The angels hauling Dulio away gagged as enchanted daggers tore into their throats. Dulio gasped in panic as a hand closed down around his throat like a vice. His lethargic eyes widened in panic as Medea's cruel grin emerged from the Hole in front of him.

"Rule Breaker!" A twisted knife fell.

Dulio screamed in agony as light poured out of his chest where Medea's dagger struck. Instantly, the flaming tornado unraveled. The dark clouds striking my monsters dimmed and were swallowed by the mists of Dimension Lost.

Medea tucked something away in her robe as she hastily looked around, frowning. "Why didn't you call me back immediately? I missed all the fun."

"You were busy. I would have brought you back if so many of our friends hadn't shown up. The angels really had no idea what they were facing." I said, watching the horrified expressions of several nearby angels as they realized their Longinus wielder just fell. The battle had been joined for less than ten minutes, and they'd already lost over a fourth of their number. Meanwhile, our side's only casualties were some bruises and lost Annihilation Maker monsters. Between myself, Kuisha and Dimension Lost, the vast majority of the angels' more powerful attacks were sucked away harmlessly, leaving our monsters and skilled fighters to tear the doves apart. Now that Dulio was gone, they didn't stand a chance, and they clearly knew it.

"I found what I was looking for, but it can wait until this is done. Shang Tsung and Skarlet are examining it while Mothra defends them. They can hold for a while."

As more and more angels took stock of their situation, the number of retreating angels steadily increased until the vast majority of the invasion force was running in all directions. They may have known about the defenses the castle used when fighting Boreas, but they clearly had no idea what my Queen had done to bind Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker to the castle. This attack was suicidal, and they wouldn't have been so unbelievably stupid as to strike with the knowledge of what we were now capable of. It appeared my enemy underestimating me once more led to that enemy's ruin.

A thunderous boom had me retreating into a Hole before I recognized the cause.

"Serafall, are you–"

"The problem here is solved," Serafall cut me off seriously. "The angels are fleeing and Diehauser and I managed to take out two major seraphs. Raphael and Ryzoel died buying Remiel time to teleport away. I'll take the trade. Raphael would've been a bigger problem in the coming war with Heaven, and Ryze is…" She shook her head. "Nevermind that. Let everyone else clean up here. I need you to bring the two of us to Asgard now. We need to pick up some support and head directly to Lucifaad."

"What about–"

"Sirzechs was fighting Ares and Aphrodite when I left. Baldur was facing down a hydra and a dragon. The Greeks split their forces between Lilith and Lucifaad. We need to get back to Lucifaad now so we can repel that attack and head to Lilith to help Ajuka and Falbium."

A Hole opened near me.

"Go, Balthazar," Kuisha said through the Hole. "Sai and I will help Medea take care of things here. I will transport everyone to Lucifaad when all of the angels have been dealt with."

"Why can't Kuisha just–"

"Odin wants you, now move." Serafall all but demanded.

I cast one last look around. Dimension Lost shielded my lands. Annihilation Maker created monsters to tear down the few angels too stubborn to flee. Diehauser and Roygun's peerages killed the stronger angels and gave chase to the angels who were unable to teleport away as some others had. Whatever method they used to bypass Medea's wards clearly wasn't functioning anymore.

Medea laid a hand on my shoulder. "I will ensure everything is dealt with, then join you in Lucifaad."

"Fine," I said. "Let's make this quick."

I opened a Hole, pulling us to Asgard.

I was shocked by what awaited us. Odin was really pulling out all the stops, wasn't he?


X


Serafall and I stepped through a Hole, our wings exploding from our backs to catch us. High in the sky, we looked down on Lucifaad. Hell's capitol had seen better days, but it wasn't beyond saving yet.

Devils, elementals, harpies, sirens, griffins, and even a couple dragons flew in and around the city. The massive bodies of the green black, serpentine dragons swopped down to strike at buildings before climbing back into the sky. Groups of devils gathered together to repel the dragons' attacks, but they were assaulted from all sides by other flying monsters.

On the ground, fighting between buildings on shattered streets, more devils clashed with amazons and other Greek fighters. Even more monsters cluttered the roads – hellhounds, minotaurs, cyclopses. This was a true invasion, but it seemed the devils were holdings. Our side held many key areas of the city, sending reinforcements where they were needed and pulling troops back to rest. The ground was still covered in the bodies of our dead, but we weren't beaten yet.

Far to the east, the sky ruptured. Dark energy snapping at the air swirled into the sky. A point of pure nothing sent its power forth. Moving faster than any being I'd fought, clad in nothing but a corona of golden power, a nude woman wielding a heart-tipped spear and shield leapt up towards the point of destruction. Another figure, bronze skin gleaming with power, leapt at the point of darkness from the other side. This figure wore a chestplate, a helmet and greaves, but his arms were bare. He thrust his own spear towards the dark shape.

The shape twisted unnaturally, slipping between the two forms and flowing higher into the air. Tendrils of pure destructive power grew out of the shape, lashing downward towards its foes. The spear wielders spun away from the devastating attacks, already moving to strike again.

Further away, near the limits of the city, a smaller man in norse armor adorned in furs roared in challenge as he leapt into the air. He collided with one of the massive serpentine dragons, striking at the city, driving his sword deep into the dragon's flesh behind its head, securing his sword as a handhold he used to pull the dragon downward.

The dragon roared in pain, its flight thrown off course by the Norse god's strength. Baldur leapt free of the dragon's back moments before it crashed into the ground, tearing through a building on its way down.

"You know the plan." Serafall said quickly, eyes narrowed in fury towards where the destructive form of Sirzechs battled Aphrodite and Ares. Icy mist drifted off her body into the air.

I opened a Hole in front of her. "This will take you above them. Give them Hell."

I felt a physical force blast into me as Serafall's power exploded. She dashed through the Hole, appearing in the sky above Sirzechs. She held her arms out at her side and screamed. The clouds, flash froze as every point of moisture fell under her command. A scream of rage tearing past her lips, Serafall flung an entire sky's worth of ice down towards the Greek gods who thought to take our city.

I took a moment to assess the best way to help. I wasn't keen on fighting a god, or multiple gods for that matter, but that wasn't my task here. I was the support mage for this fight. I just needed to assess who needed help the most.

Serafall's sudden arrival had shocked Aphrodite and Ares. They'd emerged mostly unscathed from her initial, furious attack, sporting only minor cuts and bruises from the ice shards, but they were on the back foot. They fought a fighting retreat as Sirzechs fell upon them, destroying everything in his path. Serafall boxed them in with massive spikes of ice jutting from the ground whenever it looked like they were regaining their footing. For now, the Satans had the gods handled.

Best to help Baldur then.

A yawning void of darkness opened in the air above where Baldur pulled a dragon from the sky. The dragon was just starting to pull itself together, taking to the sky. It didn't make it far.

A howl split the air as if signalling the end of the world. All around the city, combat paused for a brief moment as Fenrir's cry cut through the sky. The massive beast who, had Ragnarok come to pass, would be known as Odin's Bane leapt through the Hole I opened, pouncing on the recovering dragon.

The dragon howled in agony, desperately thrashing as Fenrir's jaws closed around its neck. Blood squelched through Fenrir's jaws as he slowly crushed down on the dragon.

The other Greek dragon roared in fury, spinning down through the air towards Fenrir's back. A second Hole opened in the dragon's path.

The dragon's charge was stopped dead. The beast was sent flying backwards through the air, groaning weakly as Thor rocketed out of the Hole, riding Mjolnir through the sky. Lightning gathered around his body, crackling away to strike harpies and elementals. Thor's entire body was bathed in a corona of electric power. A blue demon to match the dark void that was Sirzech's form of destruction.

Floating in the air, the electricity-covered form of Thor turned to me, eyes glowing with power. "They are ready, Balthazar. Call them." With a snap of thunder, he struck towards the ground, crushing into the dragon he'd sent flying.

I held my arms out at my sides, opening Holes all over the city, dotting the sky. A warhorn sounded from somewhere, heralding the arrival of a host of warriors falling from the sky. They wore sturdy armor adorned in feathers and furs. Their weapons varied from axes and swords to spears and warhammers. Each of the warrior women flew on hawk-like wings. The valkyries descended upon Lucifaad, striking at the Greek invaders.

Below, the first dragon's struggle ceased as its body went limp. Fenrir released its body, throwing his head back to howl in triumph, his roar mixing with the call of the warhorn.

All at once, the tide of the battle shifted. The devils had been slowly falling back to weather the tide of the Greeks. Now, many Greeks openly fled. Some tried to teleport, panicking when Lucifaad's wards barred their transit. Others regrouped, readying to face the might of the valkyries.

"No!" A cry of abject anguish washed over the battlefield.

I turned, grinning evilly at the sight.

I hadn't seen how it happened, but Sirzechs somehow caught Ares by the throat. His other arm was punched through Ares's chest. Everywhere Sirzechs' form of pure destruction touched the God of War, his body began to disintegrate outward. Ares opened his mouth uncomprehendingly as his chest evaporated around Sirzechs' arm. He gagged as Sirzechs' fingers on his throat dug through his deteriorating flesh.

Aphrodite wailed in agony and fury. Golden power erupted from her body, glowing so bright as to blind any who beheld her. She leapt from the ground towards Sirzechs. Thor intercepted her part-way to her target, sending the both gods crashing to the city streets below. His electric aura mixed with her golden corona, lighting up the sky.

I wasn't the only one to witness the defeat and slow death of Ares. Before it was only a handful. Now, whole swathes of Greek fighters turned and fled. A few, mainly the amazons, did the opposite. They howled in rage and charged as one, meeting the valkyrie tide blow for blow, but their allies were leaving them en masse.

The Battle of Lucifaad was all but decided in our favor. It was time to see to the situation in Lilith.

A Hole swallowed me, pulling me away.

Despite its prominence in Hell, I'd never been to Lilith before. I did most of my personal business in Lucifaad. It was where my office building was. It was where Serafall was headquartered. While my business had a presence in Lilith, Latia and Kuisha were the only ones to actually do anything here. I had no frame of reference for what this city looked like prior to this destruction.

Lilith looked far worse off than Lucifaad had. Whatever defense the devils had been able to marshall in Lucifaad clearly hadn't worked as effectively here.

Buildings were torn from their foundations. Rubble painted the roads. What structures weren't destroyed or torn up sported serious damage.

High in the sky, an elderly woman wearing a green dress floated with her hands out at her sides. A sickle was clasped tight in her right hand. Power exploded around her. Hurricane-force winds tore through the entire city at her command. Ice and frost gathered, falling as massive icicles to crush all in their path. This was Demeter, Goddess of the Harvest, Harbinger of the changing of the Seasons.

At her side floated two others. The first was a woman in a white dress with a shawl of peacock feathers. She stared down at the city disapprovingly. The Queen of Olympus, the Goddess of Marriage. Hera.

At her side, a mountain of a man lounged on a throne of clouds. His pure white hair and beard were clouds. The air around him crackled with his power. Every few seconds, he would flick his wrist, sending a bolt of powerful lightning down into the city. The tyrant himself. Zeus, Godking of Olympus, Lord of the Sky.

Falbium Asmodeus hovered beneath the trio of gods, sweat beading his brow as he maintained dozens of powerful magical shields. Asmodeus absorbed the worst of the Demeter and Zeus's attacks, but, powerful as he was, he was only one man. He wasn't able to block everything, leaving the city below to suffer under Olympus's might.

Ajuka Beelzebub flew in a wide circle around the floating Olympians, striking out with his magic. A god in golden armor with wings on his shoes pursued Ajuka, harrying the Super Devil to ensure he never had time to set up any truly devastating attacks. Whenever Ajuka turned his attention fully to Hermes to rid himself of the annoyance of the Messenger God, Zeus would alter his attention, flinging lightning bolts at Ajuka to buy Hermes an opportunity to escape before returning his attention to the destruction of the city.

It was no wonder Lilith was in such dire straights. Falbium and Ajuka were doing everything they could to buy the defenders on the ground a chance. It wasn't enough. The tide of Greek monsters and amazons washed over the devils like a seemingly unstoppable force.

Holes opened all around the street. Elemental Fire poured forth, scoring monsters and amazons alike to ash.

Devils paused in their desperate flight, looking up at where I floated high above them.

More Holes opened. Enchanted weapons fell, not launched, at the feet of the devils.

"Defend yourselves," I said through my Holes, my voice carried across the entire city. "Help has arrived."

I looked back up at the sky. A spike of dread punched into my chest as I met Zeus's eyes. He was looking right at me. His relaxed, almost uncaring air was gone. He stood from his throne of clouds, footfalls echoing through the air as he walked down the air itself as if stepping down a staircase.

"Finally we meet, insect," Zeus said. The air carried his voice. Despite the cast distance between us, I heard him as if he'd spoken right next to me. "Look around, little devil. You are to blame for all of this. Offer me your life, and I will consider sparing your parasitic race."

"Do you ever tire of hearing yourself talk?"

A man with a hunched back emerged from a Hole at my side. His feet came to rest on glowing runes that appeared with each step. He stood high in the sky, staring up at Zeus, unimpressed. A dark cloak covered in runes fluttered in a gentle breeze. The dark haft of a bronze-tipped spear rested easily in his hand like a walking stick.

Zeus growled. "Odin, still consorting with the scum of the world, I see."

"Zeus," Odin said, sounding tired of the conversation. "Still fucking your sister, I see. Looking resplendent as always, Hera. As is befitting of the Goddess of Marriage. Tell me dear, when was the last time he warmed another woman's bed? Two weeks ago? Or could he not control himself even that long?"

"Hold. Your. Tongue." Zeus ground out through clenched teeth. Lightning danced around his body. Dark, rumbling stormclouds gathered overhead.

"Actually, it's in your best interest that I keep talking." Odin said, gently tapping his eye-patch. "I've been peering into the future. It's amazing how much is open to you when everything you hold dear isn't poised on the brink of destruction."

Zeus's furious glare softened in surprise.

Odin laughed. "That's right, you glorified phone charger, Ragnarok is averted. Me and mine are free to interact with the world as if we'll actually be here long enough to matter. I've seen a lot of ways things can end between us. None of them are good for you personally. You're too much of a prick to let yourself live through this, but the people you lead are a different story."

Almost all fighting had halted. The devils in the city armed themselves with the weapons I provided and regrouped. The amazons pulled back, warily watching the confrontation between Odin and Zeus. Ajuka and Falbium regrouped. Falbium let his shields fall, subtly trying to catch his breath as Dememter ceased her assault, hanging on Odin's words. Hermes flitted through the air around Zeus, glaring at Odin and I.

Odin held up a finger. "To being, I will speak of the future where your people have the ability to forge their own path, the future you are going to fuck up for them, sees Olympus standing after your fall. Another will rise to the throne. It just won't be you."

"That will never happen," Zeus spat. "I will not fall."

"See? That's why I said you'd fuck it up. I don't need to see the future to predict you, you dim-witted dolt. Even with my vast understanding of the cosmos, I cannot for the life of me understand how you possibly won your war with the Titans. Hades and Poseidon had to have done all the important work. All you're good for is smashing things."

Zeus's fist clenched. A clap of thunder shook the sky. He held out his hand and caught the falling lightning bolt, it swelled in his hand as he added his power to it. "I am going to kill you, Odin. Asgard will be without its ruler. Then, Ragnarok or no, it shall fall."

Odin's grin pulled into a serious line. "And that brings me to what will actually happen. You being you, you'll make it so this path is all but certain. Olympus will fall, destroyed by an unending tide the few who remain cannot resist. Its once proud gods will be forced to seek refuge amongst other powers. Some will be welcomed into other homes, living far more fulfilling lives than they led beneath you. Others will suffer fates far worse than death. They will have you to thank for that, Zeus."

"I tire of your prattling. It is time we finish this."

Odin shook his head. "No. not yet. Your time will come, but it will not come here."

A Hole opened behind Odin. The runes beneath Odin's feet spun into a large platform to accommodate a large procession. The armored form of Frigg led the way, stepping up to her husband's side. Tyr's towering form crouched through the Hole, standing tall, armored and carrying a sword and shield. Freyja was next, armored similarly to her valkyries. Last came Víðarr, massive boot clicking against the rune platform Odin created. Unlike the others, he wore little armor, just a belt and furs. An axe hung from the belt at his side.

"By all means, Zeus," Odin said, good humor gone as he stared up at Zeus. "Strike. For all that you lack in intelligence, you do make up for it in strength. Strike, King of Olympus. I wonder if you can defeat all of us."

Zeus stared down at Odin, unflinching. He raised the bolt in his hand.

A hand came to rest on Zeus's arm, pulling it back down.

Zeus's head whipped around to glare at Hera. Hera shook her head.

Zeus shook with fury. With a roar, he hurled his lightning bolt towards a point in the city below where the devils were regrouping. Falbium summoned a shield to absorb it. He needn't have bothered.

Zeus's lightning bolt vanished as it was swallowed by a Hole. Zeus was seething as he glared at me.

"I will kill you, boy." Zeus turned his ire to Odin. "And I will burn away everything your people ever built. I will destroy even the memory of Asgard. Hecate!"

The air above Zeus shimmered. I tried to hide my shock as a woman appeared. I felt no trace of her presence. She was a ghost until this moment.

She wore dark robes and carried a dark torch. I recognized her. It was the witch that opened my lands' wards for the angels' assault before fleeing. The Greeks must have coordinated with the angels to try to attack multiple targets while I was occupied with an assault on my lands so I wouldn't be able to bring support to the battlefields. It might even have worked if the angels had known to expect Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker. I needed to have a talk with Medea about somehow preventing the Greek Goddess of Magic from tampering with our wards in the future.

A green flame flared to life atop Hecate's torch. The flame spilled into the air. Demeter and Hermes floated down to be near her as the flames fell like a waterfall towards the ground. The amazons and monsters rushed across the ground towards the flame.

I moved to open Holes to prevent the ground forces from escaping when Odin grabbed my hand, shaking his head.

"Not today, Balthazar. Let them go. Most will fall with Olympus. Some will survive to lead better lives. They deserve that chance." Odin said.

After a moment's hesitation, I lowered my hand, watching the Greek forces as they sprinted into the curtain of flame falling away from Hecate like a curtain. Each creature that stepped through the fire vanished from the battlefield.

Even moving at supernatural speeds, it took almost a full five minutes for the Greeks to travel across the city and flee through Hecate's spell. Soon, all that was left was the Greek gods themselves.

"I look forward to mounting your head on my throne, Odin." Zeus said, stepping into the fire. The others followed him.

Hecate was the last. She pulled back her hood. Raven hair fell free to dance in the wind. Glowing violet eyes met mine, beseeching. I felt a presence brushing against my mind like fingers brushing against the surface of a pond.

'We–'

'Balthazar is mine!' Medea screamed into my head. The foreign voice was violently ejected from my head as I felt Medea's presence rush to the forefront of my mind, shoving out everything else.

Hecate visibly recoiled in the air as if she'd been slapped across the face, eyes flying wide. She huffed, frustrated. She met my gaze once more, eyes softening. "Please," she said softly, voice barely reaching my ears. The curtain of flame rose around her, pulling her away.

What in creation was that? Did Hecate just try to take over my mind?

Odin scoffed. "Prick always needs to get the last word. The world will be better for being rid of him. I think it's time we head back to Lucifaad, my boy. I expect my sons are doing well, but it is wise to support them all the same."

I shook my head. Sorting out whatever Hecate had tried could wait for later. Lucifaad was still under attack. "Right."

I opened a Hole near us and another next to Ajuka and Falbium. Odin's assembled gods filed through the Hole. I was the last one through.

I expected to emerge back onto a raging battlefield. I didn't expect to be met with cheering. Devils flew all around, roaring in victory, weapons raised high in celebration.

It took me a moment to find Serafall floating up in the air at Sirzechs' side. Both watched the celebration impassively. I stepped through a Hole to join them.

"What happened?" I asked.

"We won," Sirzechs said, though he didn't sound happy about that. "A wave of green fire swept over the city. It was some sort of teleportation spell. The Greeks fled through it. Aphrodite escaped before we could stop her."

"What happened in Lilith?" Serafall asked.

I frowned. "The damage was bad. Once Odin showed up, Zeus left rather than fight him."

"Zeus was there personally?" Serafall asked. "Fuck! I should have had you take us there first."

Sirzechs shook his head. "You didn't know."

We lapsed into silence as we stared down at the city. Many devils celebrated their victory. A large number also lay dead on the streets below. Olympus hit our capital and did significant damage. They hit Lilith and reduced the majority of the city to rubble. This didn't feel much like winning.

Ajuka and Falbium joined us in the sky, silently drifting up to stare down at the city with us. Four Satans and a random devil lord who could walk between worlds looked down at what our enemy had done to our home.

"I heard Heaven has joined the fight against us." Ajuka said quietly.

"I'll deal with it." I said before anyone else could speak, glaring at nothing.

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "What do you mean?"

I met her gaze. "I'm really tired of people fucking with me. You're already gearing up to hit Olympus. Let me worry about Heaven."

"Balthazar," Sirzechs said slowly. "Heaven has many capable defenders. Michael, Uriel, Metatron – you can't fight them alone."

"Who said anything about me fighting them?" I asked. "No, I'm wiping them off the map and salting the ashes. This is the last time anyone will think about fucking with us."

"Bal," Serafall said softly, laying a hand on my shoulder. "At least tell me your plan. I'm just as pissed at them as you are. Let me help."

I didn't see any issue with that. I quickly laid out the beginnings of my battle plan. It wasn't very complicated. I had Hole. I had Dimension Lost. I had Annihilation Maker. The plan practically made itself.

Serafall grinned, an evil joy sparkling in her eyes.


Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, TheGodofCheese and 1,150 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jun 14, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 51
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jun 21, 2026
Add bookmark
#9,910
Despite the turmoil of nerves and anxiety spinning about his chest, Azazel kept a relaxed grin on his face as he was escorted to Serafall Leviathan's office by none other than Gondul, formerly Leader of the Valkyrior, herself.

"So, they've got you coming out of retirement, huh?" Azazel asked in good humor.

Gondul didn't seem amused. "That is what happens when a pantheon goes to war, Azazel."

"Seen much action yet?"

Gondul grunted. Azazel got the message and shut up. There were limits, and he was pushing them.

"Try anything and you're not getting out of here." Gondul said, as if she was just stating a fact. She opened the door to Serafall's office and motioned Azazel inside.

"Much obliged," Azazel said with a mock salute.

He took in the room as he entered. It wasn't the first time he'd been to Serafall's office, but it was the first time in a while. The last issue they'd had to resolve was something about a devil reincarnating a Fallen. Or was it a half-fallen? He couldn't remember. He had a lot on his mind right now.

The decorations on the walls were still the same – paintings and small shelves with supernatural nick-nacks – but the feel of the air was different. Serafall sat behind her desk, poring over pages of reports. She was wearing dark armor Azazel had only seen her wear one other time. He was wearing armor too that last time.

He'd heard about the attacks in Lucifaad and Lilith of course, it was why he was here, but he would have expected Serafall to change into something more comfortable for this meeting.

"It's good to see you, Serafall, and can I say, you're looking positively–"

"Say what you're here to say or leave." Serafall cut him off, still not looking at him. "I don't have time to play your games right now, Azazel."

Azazel's grin slipped off his face. "You want to be serious? Fine."

He grabbed one of the chairs opposite Serafall's desk and loudly dragged it right up to the edge of Serafall's desk. He accomplished his goal, getting her to finally look up at him from her papers. He could have done with less hostility in her gaze though.

"I heard about the attacks. All of the attacks. I know my idiot siblings tried to hit Balthazar again." Azazel explained.

The temperature in the office dropped. Serafall's eyes adopted a dangerous, icy glow. "I expect Heaven is trying to keep their embarrassment quiet. It hasn't even been an hour. What agents do you have in my office?"

"Believe it or not, I didn't hear this from one of my spies. It would have been simpler if I did. Instead…" Azazel sighed, rubbing his forehead. Best to just come out with it. "Remiel Fell."

Serafall's eyes narrowed. "Explain."

"I don't know if it was pride or wrath or some other sin, but he's not pure anymore. The Silver City will never welcome him back."

"So you took him in." Serafall said dangerously.

Azazel held up his hands. "Woah! I'm not stupid. I knew taking him in would be as good as declaring war. The Grigori was made by the Fallen, but we represent far more than just the Fallen now. I'd be putting all of that at risk for one idiot that can't seem to accept when he's beaten or when he's being a colossal dumbass. He came to me and asked for help with some hairbrained scheme to kill Balthazar Abaddon, but I turned him away. Even if I was willing to risk the Grigori to shelter him, he's too unhinged to be a reliable asset. He is obsessed with Balthazar." Azazel sighed. "That obsession is going to kill Heaven."

"What do you mean?"

"Don't play dumb, Serafall. You're going to retaliate for that attack. With Asgard backing you up, I don't see it going well for Heaven. I… I came to hopefully offer an alternative."

"An alternative to what?"

"War. Let me work as a go-between. I don't want my siblings to kill you any more than I want you to kill them. I can work with you to–"

"That's unnecessary. The problem is sorted. You can go now." Serafall cut him off, returning her attention to her reports.

Azazel's eyes narrowed. She was being awfully dismissive. Normally, Serafall would jump at the opportunity to resolve things peacefully. She'd been working for years to create a more stable political climate in the supernatural. Had the war soured her outlook?

"Look Serafall, I know that–"

"You can go." Serafall repeated, more firmly.

The door to the office opened. Gondul appeared in the doorway. "I will see you out, Governor."

Azazel didn't move. His mind worked over the problem. Serafall no longer seemed interested in a peaceful resolution. That meant she would likely seek a militaristic resolution. But she had no way of knowing how a battle with Heaven would go. Heaven's angels were made of an element that was the fundamental antithesis of devils. The devils outnumbered the angels, but the angels still had plenty of cards in their deck to even the odds. Sure, the presence of Asgard threw a wrench in things, but it still wasn't a sure thing, especially with Olympus involved. If Serafall was this confident, she would need an equalizer, something that she was certain would make Heaven's advantages obsolete.

Azazel's eyes widened, remembering the rambling warnings of his insane brother before he kicked Remiel out of his office and forbade him from coming back.

"Annihilation Maker," Azazel breathed. "You're going to use Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker."

Serafall's eyes snapped back up to look at Azazel. "I have no idea what you're talking about, Azazel. For the good of our continued relationship, I suggest you leave and keep your nose out of this fight."

Azazel's palms were sweaty. He ignored Gondul as she walked up to his side, looming threateningly. He only had eyes for Serafall.

He'd figured it out. He knew Serafall's plan. It was brilliant. It was terrifying. This… The world was going to change overnight. The world would watch as the impossible happened, and everyone would fear the same happening to them.

There was nothing Azazel could do. No, there was something. It was a vain hope, hollow, but he would try all the same. He owed his siblings, pious pricks though they were.

"Give me one week," Azazel said. "Give me one week to try to convert my siblings. I will make as many of them Fall as I can. I'll take them into the Grigori and you won't need to worry about fighting them. They're already devastated after the failed attack against Balthazar. I can convert them. I know you, Serafall. Even after all this, you don't want a complete genocide. Let me save as many of them as I can. In exchange, the Grigori will formally ally with you against Olympus. Baraqiel, Shemhazai and I will draft up a formal alliance. There's a lot we can offer each other."

Serafall was silent for a moment as she regarded him. "Years ago, I would have leapt at the opportunity to formally ally with you, Azazel. Now? I don't really need to. I have other much more impactful allies that I won't have to worry about stabbing me in the back at an inconvenient time. Why should I entertain this?"

"I've been researching Sacred Gears for millenia. I can–"

"And I have Medea." Serafall said, sounding bored. "The angels attacked because of what she can do. Don't pretend not to know her presence makes the value of that offer very low. Try again."

Azazel took a breath. "I've wanted to work with Ajuka for years. I'm sure he's wanted the same. Neither of us could say anything because we were enemies, but if we work together, that will change. Think of what we could do together. I've made an original, functioning Sacred Gear that mimics the power of the stronger dragon-type Sacred Gears. I've been studying Ajuka's Evil Pieces for a long time and I think I know how to improve them. Can you imagine a world where every Evil Piece was a Mutation Piece?"

Serafall frowned. "That would be dangerous."

"Then we find a way to trigger it when we want and only when we want. I can help Ajuka figure out a way to control when Mutation Pieces occur. You know how valuable I am, Serafall. You know how great an ally the Grigori would be."

"If I can trust you." she countered.

Azazel's gaze hardened. "I will personally deal with anyone that threatens this alliance."

Serafall was silent.

Gondul watched her closely, ready to remove Azazel if directed.

"Fine," Serafall finally said. "But here's my non-negotiable counter offer: You have twelve hours to convert as many angels as you can. Then it starts."

Azazel felt his mouth go dry. "Twelve hours? You can't be serious. I need to–"

"You said it yourself, the angels are panicked and fractured after their humiliating failure. We will take advantage of that. I will not put the outcome of this war at risk because a third party wanted more time. Whether you use your window or not is on you. Twelve hours. Take it or leave it."

"Done," Azazel said quickly. He wanted to save as many of his siblings as he could. He needed more time to save them, but he couldn't put the Grigori in danger. Serafall had given him the opportunity to secure the Grigori's future against all enemies for the low price of cooperating with her as he'd always wanted to do. Azazel would need to clear house to get rid of the few outspoken voices that had been against this kind of alliance for some time, but one or two voices silenced was worth the security of everyone he commanded as Governor of the Fallen. These were times that would be looked back on for the rest of history. Azazel needed to secure his people's future, so he would.

"I'll send Shemhazai and Baraqiel to go over details." Azazel said, distracted. "I need to go to Heaven now."

Serafall waved him away, attention returning to her reports. "Go. Please don't stab me in the back, Azazel. I've always liked you even though you're irritating. I don't want to have to kill you."

With those morose words, Azazel sped from the office. He left the Underworld as fast as possible. He made a quick call to Shemhazai then took flight on his wings. For the first time in millenia, he was returning home.

Hopefully, he'd be able to make his siblings listen. Even one of them Falling into his protection would be a victory.

There was nothing he could do for the rest.


X


Katarea Leviathan was born to rule Hell. It was her destiny, her birthright. For years, she had plotted and planned, working with the other true heirs to the thrones of Hell. Together, they would rise from their forced exile to become who they were meant to be.

That was how it was supposed to be. That was how it should have been. Now, that was nothing but a fractured dream, a languid hope unattainable.

Katarea had done her part. When she observed the mass of refugees flooding onto Balthazar Abaddon's lands, she'd seen her opportunity. She joined them. They would be her path to an audience with the Lord of the Abaddon Clan. She would converse with him, win him to their side. If he refused to comply, she would remove him.

Her plan hinged on her allies completing their own tasks. Throughout the years spent working with them, Katarea had come to find her allies…lacking in certain respects. They were lazy, prideful. They spoke a lot but acted rarely. Katarea allowed this. The privilege of their blood afforded them some concessions. Katarea could not forgive their most recent, most devastating failure. Were the other heirs of the true Satans not already dead, she would kill them herself to rid her organization of their weakness. Now, she had no organization. She was alone.

Shalba and Creuserey marshalled their armies outside Lilith as planned. When the Greeks struck, they should have been prepared. It was their opportunity to be seen by the denizens of Hell as the saviors the New Satans could not be. Instead, the peasants witnessed Demeter freeze Shalba solid and shattered his body. They watched as Zeus casually flicked a lightning bolt that obliterated Creuserey as if he was little more than an ant. The army they'd amassed to defend and occupy Lilith in their victory was routed, torn apart by amazons and wayward power hurled by Demeter and Zeus.

In an instant, everything Katarea had built crumbled into nothing. Was this to be the end?

No. No, it was not the end. She endured. Her allies had proven wanting, but she was still destined to rule Hell. Shalba and Creuserey led her followers to their deaths, but she would gather new followers. She would make stronger allies. She would start with Balthazar Abaddon.

Already, word of his exploits on the battlefield were spreading like wildfire. Battle had joined less than a day ago, yet the Underworld roared his name and sung his praises. Katarea would use that to her advantage. She would approach Balthazar and slowly mold him into the ally she needed. She could not show her true face for fear of prejudice, so she disguised herself with minor charms. When she was freed from Dimension Lost's mists to join the other refugees, she introduced herself as Evelyn. It was perfect.

At least it should have been. She didn't expect the creature she was speaking to would be intelligent enough to sense something was different about her. She didn't expect Medea Abaddon herself would appear in front of her and dispel her illusion. She didn't expect Dimension Lost would swallow her before she could explain herself to Balthazar's wife.

Katarea held her head high, refusing to show weakness even as she sat trapped in a cell. Moments after discovering her true identity, Medea used Dimension Lost to send Katarea to Serafall. The pretender locked Katarea away, claiming she was a problem to be dealt with later. The insult. Katarea rightly belonged in Serafall's position, yet the bitch thought to treat her as nothing more than an inconvenience? The insolence.

Katarea's cell creaked open. Katarea stood as Serafall entered the small space.

"Serafall," Katarea greeted, keeping her expression cordially controlled. "I would like–"

"I don't care," Serafall cut her off. "I'm going to talk and you're going to listen. I don't have time to deal with you properly right now, so today is your lucky day. It would be a bad look for me to kill another devil while we're embroiled in war with another faction. I don't want to kill another devil while we're at war with other factions. Despite all the bullshit you've put me through, I'm offering you an olive branch, Katarea."

Serafall held out her hand. Katarea held back a snarl as an Evil Piece appeared in Serafall's hand, a Bishop.

"This is your one chance," Serafall said, eyes dangerous. "I don't want to kill you, but I'm not stupid enough to leave you to your own devices. You'll try to take advantage of this chaos to create even more chaos. Accept a place in my peerage. Join my family and put all of this behind us."

"You dare," Katarea hissed, unable to contain her fury. "You dare suggest I, the true heir to the Leviathan, serve you?" Katarea spit on Serafall's hand.

Serafall's expression hardened as her Bishop disappeared.

Katarea's shoulders rose and fell rapidly with her enraged breathing. "I will never submit to you, pretender! When I am free, I will–" Katarea gagged, clutching at her throat.

Serafall stared Katarea down, expression cold as ice. "I didn't want this. My offer was genuine. We could have grown past this together. We could have built a better future for our people together. Instead, you chose this. Goodbye, Katarea." Serafall spun on her heel, swiftly exiting the cell. She didn't close the door behind her. There was no need.

Katarea collapsed to the ground, desperately grasping at the icicle buried in her throat.

No… No! This couldn't be how it ended. She was the Leviathan! She would…

Katarea Leviathan's muscles went limp. She stared deadly out the door of her cell, crimson pooling beneath her.


X


Remiel tore through the sky, desperately flapping his wings to carry him higher and higher. Tears flowed like rivers down his face. He told himself it was from the air biting his skin, stabbing his eyes. He kept his gaze fixed straight ahead, refusing to look back. All the same, he caught a glimpse of darkness every time he beat his wings.

No! He could still fix this. There had to be a way. He could look to the future and…

He couldn't See. His Sight was gone.

Dark feathers fluttered at the edge of his vision as he flapped his wings.

Remiel squeezed his eyes shut.

No! Michael could help. Uriel could help. There had to be something he could do. Azazel refused to aid him, but if he could just kill that blasted devil, he would be welcome in his Father's home once more. He needed to–

Heaven was separate from reality, but angels still needed to fly to get there. As they flew, they travelled elsewhere to get to Heaven. They never encountered anyone other than other angels. So Remiel was caught completely by surprise when, eyes still squeezed shut to avoid seeing his wings, he collided with another body in mid-air.

Remiel's eyes snapped open. He summoned a Light spear, preparing to defend himself.

"Put it down, idiot!"

Remiel's Light spear disappeared. His jaw hung open as he came face to face with Azazel.

Azazel was glaring at him, helping another angel steady herself after Remiel had knocked into her.

Zarall. Remiel recognised her. She was one of the ones to join his assault. Why…why were her wings black?

Remiel looked around. Filling the sky, angels flew all around Azazel, watching Remiel with furious expressions. Each of them sported a pair of dark wings sprouting from their backs. Most of them had joined him in the attack on Balthazar Abaddon. There were others who hadn't, glaring just as hatefully at him as those who had fought with him.

"What is happening?" Remiel asked. If only he still had his Sight, he could See what this was.

"You happened, you bastard!" Zarall screamed, flying towards him as if to charge.

Azazel placed himself between them, holding Zarall back.

"No," Azazel said. "Leave him. He isn't worth it."

"We lost everything because of him!" Zarall cried.

"Not everything," Azazel said, hugging her close to him. "Not yet. Don't let him take your life too."

"Azazel, what is–" Remiel was cut off.

"Leave, Remiel," Azazel said dangerously. He cradled the sobbing form of Zarall, eyes fixed on Remiel. "You're no more welcome in Heaven than you are in the Grigori."

"Why…why have you Fallen?" Remiel couldn't breathe. He needed to understand. What was happening?

"This is the only way we live through this, brother," another angel said, descending down to hover at Azazel's side. Remiel recognized him. Ansiel, a powerful Cherubim, now Fallen, who served as a guardian of Heaven's Gates. "This is the only way we preserve even a memory of Heaven."

"No," Remiel denied, shaking his head. "This is not the end. So long as we have faith, we will–"

"Faith in what?" another angel cried. Onoel. Remiel hadn't interacted with her much. From what he knew, she granted minor miracles to devout followers of the Lord. "Father is dead!" she screeched.

Remiel staggerd in the air as if he'd been punched. "How…?" They shouldn't know that. Only a select few angels were privvy to the truth. Michael thought it was best to preserve the faith of their brothers and sisters by continuing on as if their Father was still with them. He was in a way. The Lord never truly left you.

"I told them," Azazel said simply. "The Sacred Gear system glitched out a while back and has been deteriorating since. That was the first clue. It wasn't the only one. Michael hasn't done as good a job covering things up as you all would have liked."

"Azazel, why…?" Remiel could barely think. He didn't know what was happening. He needed to understand.

"Because I care about my siblings. Despite everything, I wanted to save as many as I could." Azazel said sadly, accepting.

Remiel shook his head. "No, this is not the end. If you are with us, Azazel, we can–"

"Shut up!" another angel screamed. Mihael who watched over true believers in South America. "You've brought us to ruin, yet still you insist we should continue into the inferno. How has Heaven's Guiding Light failed so far!"

Remiel swallowed a lump in his throat. "My Sight is not what it was when Father was alive, but with Michael and Uriel's help, we can restore it and–"

"You knew!" another angel. Theliel. "You knew you couldn't see the full picture but you led us to our end anyway!"

"I…"

"You've doomed us!" Karael, shepard of Saints.

"The Fall of Heaven is on your hands!" Akriel of the Virtues.

"Leave, Remiel! Heaven would have been better off without you!" Sofiel, Principality of Venice.

"You didn't even have the dignity to die with Raphael!" Dominion Omniel.

Remiel covered his ears, tucking his wings and diving back towards the ground. He couldn't listen anymore. He could not stand to hear one more accusatory cry from his siblings.

They didn't understand. He did what he had to. It wasn't his fault. It was the blasted Abaddon.

Remiel's features twisted in fury. He screamed as he dove towards the ground.

He would make it right.


X


Athena sighed. Thunder roared in the chamber behind her. Athena had given up trying to speak to her father. Hera still tried to soothe his rage, but Zeus was not having it. The whole of Olympus trembled with his fury.

"I take it things didn't go well?"

Athena looked up. Poseidon leaned against a nearby pillar, pushing off of it to walk towards Athena.

"Ares is dead, killed by Sirzechs Lucifer. Ajuka Beelzebub killed Glaucus and Proteus before Father arrived on the battlefield. The cities were damaged, but not razed. The morale of our armies is in disarray after yet another disastrous retreat. The valkyries and devils slaughtered most of the amazons, leaving us with few organized, well-trained troops."

"So it is exactly as you predicted." Poseidon said.

Athena sighed tiredly. "Yes, it is exactly as I predicted."

"How long do you think we have?"

Mount Olympus shook as a thunderbolt split the sky. The mountain trembled as if in fear of Zeus's rage.

"A day. Two at most." Athena said.

"How many will blindly follow my idiot brother to their deaths?"

"Not all. Still too many."

"Then we do what we can with those willing to listen to us. Are you ready?"

Athena shook her head. "I still do not know if this will work."

Despite the seriousness of their predicament, Poseidon smiled, amused. "Why do you think we haven't heard from Artemis? We are bound to follow Zeus's commands to the letter, not the spirit."

Athena swallowed nervously. "Very well."

Together, Athena and Poseidon marched into Zeus's throne room.

The entire room shook. Blue energy danced along the walls. Zeus howled in rage. Hera stood at his side, desperately trying to reign in his fury.

"Brother!" Poseidon boldly called.

Zeus's murderous eyes snapped to Poseidon. Energy crackled around his body. "What!" the King of Olympus snapped.

"I have a plan to repay the devils and the foolish Asgardians for their affront."

The sky rumbled, but the sound lowered in intensity. Poseidon had Zeus's full focus. "What is this plan?"

"With your leave, I will take a number of gods from Olympus. We will strike where the Asgardians least expect it. Tell me brother, what is the true source of their power?"

"I have no patience for your games, Poseidon. Explain your plan."

"Odin claims to have averted Ragnarok. I believe, with the right team, I can ensure the end of Asgard is resumed. Not only resumed, but hastened."

Zeus's eyes narrowed. "How?"

Poseidon didn't shrink under Zeus's gaze. "Leave that to me and Athena. We will need some others to bring this to fruition. Hecate, Apoll–"

"Take whoever you need. Just eradicate those fools!"

Poseidon bowed. "By your leave, brother."

Athena bowed at his side. Together, they left the hall. Lightning snapped furiously overhead as they departed.

"That was much easier than I assumed it would be." Athena said. She stopped walking as the full weight of what she was about to do settled over her. She looked around the cloudy paradise of Olympus. The beautiful statues. The trees grown from myth. The golden ambrosia that flowed like water.

She would likely never see it again.

"Never underestimate my brother's ability to hold a grudge. Also, never underestimate his ability to make a foolish decision." Poseidon said. "Gather those you've spoken to. I will do the same. Meet me at Olympus's gate in one hour. I will take us to my palace beneath the ocean where we will plan our next move." Poseidon scattered into a spray of sea water that splashed against the rocks.

Athena walked as if in a dream, slowly taking in all she could, desperately trying to commit the paradise of her home to memory.

At the end of this, Olympus would never be the same if it remained at all. Athena wouldn't know what would become of it for some time. She had tried all she could to save her it, but Zeus was too insistent on leading them all to their doom. There was little Athena could do to go against him, bound as she was to follow him. All she could do was save as much of this glorious dream as she could.


X


Medea stood in the center of a dimming ritual circle, a triumphant smile on her face. Finally, it was done.

In her hand, Sephiroth Graal glowed with supreme power. The inert remnants of the once all-powerful True Longinus lay on the ground at her feet. The spear, once shrouded in a Holy corona, now looked rusted with a copper film. The corrosion was slowly spreading over the spear. In an hour, it would crumble away.

Medea would not let that happen.

Medea would have time to test the power Sephiroth Graal, now enhanced by True Longinus's power, later. She still had work to do.

Medea bent down and picked up the rusted spear. Copper shavings flaked off the spear where her fingers touched it.

"Shang Tsung," Medea called, holding a hand behind her distractedly. She did not look away from the spear.

Medea felt an explosion of magical power as Shang Tsung raised his hand. A perfect crystal sphere floated through the air into Medea's waiting hand. Within the sphere, rageful fire and malicious shadow swirled, batting ineffectually against the enchanted sphere confining them.

What felt like a lifetime ago, Medea accompanied Balthazar on many of his excursions to search for potential locations to open a mine. Medea enjoyed the opportunity to spend time with her future husband. Unfortunately, her time was quickly monopolized by other matters, leaving Aqua to accompany Balthazar in her stead.

During one of these excursions, Balthazar had taken her to a world he spoke of often. It was the world where he failed to recruit Talion as his Knight. While they did have active mines in that world, they were few and far between. Balthazar was cautious of drawing the ire of certain powers. He lamented that he was unwilling to do more in the world for it had many hidden treasures.

When Medea asked her King about these hidden treasures, he gave her little more than a sentence about each. A mountain of gold guarded by a slumbering dragon. A potent volcano playing home to the greatest evil in the land. A wonderous creation of the elves hidden by secrets.

Balthazar had laughed. Medea had focused on his words after that, filing them away in her memory.

'There's even a great mine we could take over if we really wanted to. The veins are already mapped out and there's probably some lingering equipment down there so it would be perfect. 'Would' being the key word. I don't want to mess with Durin's Bane, so that'll never happen.'

Medea wasn't sure why that story stuck out to her as the most important of those Balthazar entertained her with during their excursion. That should have been the end of it.

Until now.

Frustrated with her inability to find anything that would suit her needs in Avernus, Medea almost gave up on her search. It was then that her memory supplied her with Balthazar's words, spoken to her from a time before he took her as his wife. Shang Tsung transported their group to that world. Medea used her scryings and familiars. It only took her an hour to locate the mine Balthazar spoke of. It only took an hour to find the monster that her husband believed was better left alone.

After a minor delay to secure her home from the upstart angels seeking its ruin, Medea returned to that world with the rest of Balthazar's peerage, leaving only Shiroe behind so he could continue overseeing the logistics of caring for the many new vassals of the Abaddon lands.

Balthazar thought many of the refugees would flee after the attack, fearing for their safety. Medea loved her husband, but he was not the best at predicting people's behavior.

He was wrong, of course. A host of angels descended from the sky upon them. The refugees were not slain or even harmed. Each of them was safely sheltered in Dimension Lost for the duration of the battle before being released when the angel threat was dealt with. In one afternoon, Balthazar had assured their loyalty. They were chanting his name. They sung his praises and begged for the opportunity to repay Balthazar for what he was doing for them, for saving them from Heaven, for sheltering them, for feeding them.

Medea would see about ensuring they were given tasks that would help Clan Abaddon later. She had other matters to see to first.

With nearly the full might of Balthazar's peerage at her back – supported by Perseus, Skarlet and Patroclus – the great monster called Durin's Bane stood no chance.

Titanic in size though the creature of flame and shadow was, Coal and Matatabi were larger. Powerful though its magic was, it could not hope to combat the combined might of Medea, Irene, Keno and Aqua. The best was strong, striking fast with its flaming sword. It was too slow to land a single hit on Perseus, Achilles or Patroclus.

The monster fell. As it did, Shang Tsung stepped forward, having been standing by precisely so he would be ready for this moment.

Shang Tsung snatched the corrupted lifeforce of the creature, what could be approximated as its twisted soul, and sealed it before it could dissipate.

The moment this act was complete, Medea felt a tremor in the air, a rumble in the ground. It was as if the environment was responding negatively to what Shang Tsung had just done.

Medea decided it would be unwise to wait and see exactly what was happening. The peerage retreated to Hell. Medea had Aqua retrieve the majority of the skeletons and animated armors staffing their mines. When she returned, Aqua locked the world away for extra protection. By locking the world away, they had lost access to the mines in that world, but Medea did not care. They had an overabundance of resources to draw from. If they ever ran low on anything, they could simply find another world to create a foothold in. Medea did not like the way the world was seemingly responding to their actions against the creature. It was better to be cautious and leave than overconfident and risk injury or worse.

Medea held the crystal orb containing the soulstuff of Durin's Bane in her hand. Her eyes glowed as she chanted. The ritual circle beneath her flared to life once more, its blue color overtaken by a searing orange flame.

Medea completed her chant with a shout, stabbing the point of True Longinus into the soulsphere. The sphere shattered. An unholy wail filled the air as the flaming shadow of Durin's Bane was sucked into the spear.

The rust on True Longinus burned away. Veins of living orange fire burned into the shaft of the spear. The spear's blade was scorched black like a solid shadow.

"Achilles, Aqua," Medea said, voice clipped.

Achilles stepped into the center of the ritual circle. Aqua stepped up to the circle's edge, her Keyblade in her hand.

Achilles lifted the spear out of Medea's hands. Aqua stabbed forward with her Keyblade. There was a locking sound as a beam of golden energy shot from Aqua's Keyblade, forming a connection between Achilles and the spear and locking it in place.

Once more, the ritual circle beneath Medea's feet dimmed as it went inert.

Achilles couldn't look away from the flaming spear in his hands. Misty shadows drifted off of the weapon to dissipate into the air.

"What can it do?" Achilles asked. True Longinus, empowered by the Lord of Heaven's power, was capable of slaying gods. Medea drained that power away to empower Sephiroth Graal, replacing it with something else, something otherworldly.

"We will test its limits and…" Medea trailed off, a suspicious frown on her face as ice pooled on the ground in the corner of the room.

Medea turned as the ice grew from the floor into a bipedal shape. Feminine curves formed as more ice grew from its body. Blue mist spilled off her form to dissipate into the air.

Aqua and Shang Tsung watched her carefully. Achilles spun his new spear into a low stance, ready for whatever may happen.

"Lady Abaddon," the ice woman said, her voice a whisper barely strong enough to break through the air.

Medea turned to fully face the woman, holding her arms out at her slides, feeling the the walls of her home thrum in answer. "What is this? Who are you?"

The woman looked confused at Medea's reaction, as if Medea responding to an intruder with hostility wer something surprising.

"I am… No, no longer. I was the castle, Lady Abaddon. You have nothing to fear from me." This time, the voice, still so quiet a passing breeze might scamper it, emerged from everywhere. The walls and floor. The chandelier. The ceiling. All spoke in unison with the moving of the icy woman's lips.

Medea's eyes widened in shock. Analysis spells flashed around her as she sought to verify the woman's claim. In an instant, Medea learned everything there was to know about the woman of ice before her. Medea sucked in a surprised breath of air at what she found.

This…things never worked in her favor unless it was specifically by her design. Surely this wasn't…?

Slowly, Medea took careful steps towards the woman. Aqua and Achilles stepped to Medea's sides to flank her. Shang Tsung watched from behind, gaze intently focused on the ice woman.

The woman of ice did not move. Eyes of solid, chilled blue like glass watched Medea as she approached. Medea laid a hand on the icy woman's face. It was cold to the touch, yet impossibly warm. A flurry of emotions rose in Medea's chest. She couldn't speak. How had this happened?

Medea's eyes widened as she realized what had caused this. A mistake of magic. A glitch in the world. This presence before her should not be, yet here she was.

Throughout her life, there were many magical workings Medea created that had unintended side-effects. Some were a minor inconvenience. Some were detrimental to her plans. Some were outright dangerous to herself or others she cared for. This appeared to be one of the frightfully rare pleasant mishaps she had encountered as a result of her magics.

Medea knew what happened. She wasn't sure exactly why the series of events leading to the genesis of this woman had functioned, but she could piece together what the ingredients were.

When Medea found herself holding yet another Longinus-Class Sacred Gear, she wasn't sure what to do with it. Initially, she offered to bind Zenith Tempest to Shiroe. While he had made great strides in his magic, he was still the weakest member of Balthazar's peerage.

Shiroe did not want the Sacred Gear. He seemed hesitant, shameful as he told Medea he would rather avoid fighting if he could. He was content to handle the administrative matters of Clan Abaddon. Working with Latia on the refugee crisis had made him interested in perhaps taking a primary role in Bael, Abaddon and Astaroth Trading Co. in the future when the war was well behind them.

Medea saw no issue with Shiroe's request. Soon, there would be no reason to call upon him to fight outside of Rating Games, which he assured Medea he would have no issue participating in. He seemed to want to avoid life-or-death combat, but he did enjoy sparring with Aqua, Keno and Coal.

That left Medea with another Longinus to find a home for. She could not take it for herself. All three chambers in her reliquary were full. She could potentially alter her Sacred Gear to hold a fourth, but that risked weakening the bindings on Sephiroth Graal, Incinerate Anthem and Alphecca Tyrant. Those three Sacred Gears all bound to the reliquary bolstered one-another's strength and stabilized each other. Three was also a powerful number mystically. No, Medea wouldn't take it for herself.

Irene didn't want it. She could summon the weather with her own magic.

Keno didn't want it. She preferred her crystals and could copy any spell she desired, Sacred Gear or no.

Shang Tsung didn't want it, explaining he had already consumed the power of a god with power over storms.

Medea was hesitant to give it to Skarlet because she was so new. Perhaps in time, but not now.

In the end, Medea enlisted Aqua and Irene's help to bind it to the castle with Dimension Lost and Annihilation Maker. If they ever found someone worthy of it, Medea would retrieve it and rebind it to that individual.

That was her thought. She should have expected things would not go according to plan.

When Medea had originally built her castle, her perfect home to spend eternity with her husband, she'd saturated every brick and every beam with her magic. Her power lived and breathed in the walls of the castle. It was a security measure to ensure no one would ever threaten them. When Annihilation Maker and Dimension Lost were added to those protections, the purely magical nature of the castle responded. A minor intelligence was born.

Medea was concerned at first, but the intelligence was supremely loyal to herself and her husband, eager and willing to serve them. Medea monitored the situation, but left well-enough alone. There was too much else for her to focus on with the war well and truly under way. That should have been the end of it.

Then Medea added Zenith Tempest to the already overly-saturated castle. It appeared that addition to the castle's already burgeoning intelligence had consequences.

Three was a powerful number. A Longinus-Class Sacred gear was powerful enough to shake the heavens. Three Longinus-Class Sacred Gears was sufficient to remake the world entire if applied properly.

The castle's intelligence had evolved, creating the icy woman standing before Medea now. The avatar both was and was not the castle. It was born of the castle but not tethered to it. Medea felt it could split itself away. This spirit had developed a mind all its own, free to wander its own path, yet able to return to the castle if it desired.

Medea felt the soul of the creature before her. It was saturated with her magic. It shone with the power of three Longinus Sacred Gears. It was tainted by the immense demonic presence of Balthazar's station as the Lord of Abaddon and a Viscount of Hell.

No longer was the castle's mind merely a far-away presence thrumming through the walls. No, now it was a true, independant entity. The castle was using Zenith Tempest's power to exist in an avatar of pure ice. It could likely do the same with fire, stone, lightning, all the elements accessible through Zenith Tempest's power. Perhaps it could even craft a body using Annihilation Maker?

Three sources of power. Sacred Gears. Medea's magic. Balthazar's demonic power. Another magical anomoly creating the perfect conditions for the entity before her to be born.

Medea's daughter. Her and Balthazar's first child.

There were tears in Medea's eyes as she looked upon the frozen face of the woman before her.

"What is wrong, Lady Abaddon?" the figure asked.

"Mother," Medea said, finally finding her voice.

Frozen eyes blinked. "I do not understand."

"You were born of my magic and Balthazar's demonic power. You are our daughter."

A frozen head tilted in confusion. Several seconds passed.

Aqua and Shang Tsung looked at Medea in open shock. Achilles, seeing there was no danger, had gone back to inspecting his new spear.

The frozen woman righted herself. Her lips curled up almost imperceptibly, but Medea was studying her as if to memorize her every feature. She saw.

"Mother," the woman said. Before, her words were spoken flat with no emotion. Now, there was a trace of joy.

Medea's words caught in her throat as she heard the word. Silent, she wrapped her arms around the frozen woman and pulled her into a crushing hug.

What felt like an eternity ago, Medea answered the call of the grail from the Throne of Heroes seeking a wish. Her wish was not some grand request for immortality, rebirth or the rewriting of history. No, all she desired was a chance to find that which she was denied in life. That which Jason and the gods had torn from her.

She wanted happiness. She wanted a family.

Medea had found happiness. She and Balthazar were going to build a family. She hadn't expected it to happen so soon. She could not be more happy it had.

"Um…" Aqua awkwardly spoke from the side. "It's…good to meet you… Sorry, I didn't catch your name?"

Medea pulled back slightly, just enough to look her daughter in the eyes, but she kept her safe in her arms. Her daughter was frowning.

"I am… I do not know my name. I am no longer Castle Abaddon, though it is what I once was. Perhaps that–"

"Aya," Medea cut her off. She would not allow her daughter's name to be that of the castle she was born from. No. Her name would be Aya. Simple. Beautiful. Free of any burden that might exist with the names of great heroes from the past. It would belong solely to her daughter, hers to do with it whatever she would. Medea would not have her daughter crushed under the weight of legacy. No. She would live as she chose, and Medea would lover her for it.

"Aya," she said, the corners of her lips slightly pulling up happily. "I like it."

"Then you are Aya." Medea said, a single tear running down her face. Words could not express what she was feeling right now. She had known this spirit, her daughter, for barely a minute. Yet already, Medea knew she would kill and die for her.

Aya frowned. Medea felt a dangerous urge to murder whatever made her daughter sad.

"I came here for a reason, mother. Helio– Great-grandfather is here. He approached one of the checkpoints father had me set up at the borders of the land and asked to speak with you."

Medea's happy smile as she studied her daughter's face vanished, replaced by a furious scowl. How dare anyone interrupt this moment, least of all him.

"Has he threatened you? Is he attacking us?" Even as she asked the question, Medea's vision was overtaken by the senses of the familiars she seeded throughout their lands. A raven's eye saw the golden-armored form of the radiantly glowing Titan of the Sun. Helios, her grandfather, stood surrounded by monsters created by Annihilation Maker.

"He says he is not here to fight. I am preparing to destroy him if I have to. What should I do?"

"Prepare to pull everything away with Dimension Lost. I will speak with him."

"Yes, mother,"

Medea fully co-opted her raven familiar. It let out a piercing caw, drawing Helios's eyes to it. The raven landed in front of him, diving into the ground and scattering into a pool of shadow, the shadow condensed, drifting upwards into a vaguely human shape.

"You tried to kill my husband. You are interrupting something precious. You are not welcome here." Medea said through the illusion.

Helios frowned. "You married the devil?"

"Not that it is your business, but yes. Have you come to attempt to destroy my happiness a second time? If so, depart before I destroy you."

Helios frowned. "I…acted too rashly. Circe spoke to me. I did not realize you were reincarnated of your own will. I should have been notified. I did not even know you were alive, Medea."

"My life is mine to live as I please. Why are you here?"

Helios's lips thinned into a line. "I may not be…the easiest to get along with, but I do care. I would revisit our relationship at another time. For now, I need your help."

"Why would I help you after everything you've done? This war began with events you caused when you tried to murder my husband."

Helios frowned. "I know. I will make my peace with you in time. It is not me you must help. Eos is dying."

Medea pursed her lips, silently watching Helios through her illusion. "What do you mean?"

"Zekram Bael struck her with his Power of Destruction. She was stable before. That is no longer the case. She is slowly disintegrating. There is nothing I can do. Selene believes you might be able to help her."

Medea did not respond.

Helios's eyebrows furrowed. "You are displeased with my actions. I understand. It was not Eos who wronged you. Her only crime was to assist me in freeing my daughters, your aunts, from Zekram Bael's slavery. She bears no blame in what I have done to your husband. I will make my amends, but she requires aid now. Without it, she will pass."

Medea was silent for a long time.

"Where is Eos?" she finally said.

"She is safe in my palace." Helios answered promptly.

"I will not go there with you. If you wish her healed, you will bring her here to me." Helios was many things, but he wasn't a liar. He would not claim Eos was dying if she was hale and hearty. Even so, Medea would not risk going to another location with him. If she were to assist her great-aunt, it would be on her terms, in her lands where the power was in her hands.

"I assumed as much. Selene is waiting to transport them. You must lower the wards."

"I will not. Have Selene transport Eos outside the border. I will use Dimension Lost to bring Eos into the castle. You will remain outside."

Helios considered for a moment. "Acceptable. Inform me if you are unable to assist her or if her condition worsens."

"Mother,"

Medea blinked out of her familiar, turning to her side to see Aya, now standing in a body of pure fire, at her side. So she could adopt other forms. Her daughter was so talented.

"Selene is here now. Eos is badly hurt. Her body isn't all there. Should I bring Eos inside?"

"Yes, Aya. I'll see what I can do." Medea looked up pointedly at Aqua, Shang Tsung and Achilles. None of them had left since completing the ritual. They all nodded, understanding Medea's silent command to be prepared for treachery.

An amethyst mist gathered in the center of the ritual circle. As it dispersed, it left a body in its wake.

Medea sucked in a breath. Eos was horribly wounded, worse even than Medea had expected. Both of her legs were gone. She was fully missing one arm at the shoulder and the other arm was deteriorating from the elbow up. The side of her face was scarred and deformed. The Titan had been brought low. Even with Shang Tsung's potions, even with Mothra's healing powers, it likely wouldn't be enough to save her.

Medea pursed her lips. She opened her hand. A small star appeared in her hands, gleaming so bright as to dim all other light. Medea grasped the jewel-encrusted grail in her hands, kneeling down to Eos's side.

Sephiroth Graal was powerful before. Empowered by True Longinus's power, could it heal a Titan consumed by destruction?

Medea laid a hand on Eos's chest. The grail in her hand glowed bright, filling her with power.

Medea gasped as powerful energy coursed through her body, through her hand into Eos.

Aqua and Achilles let out gasps of wonder as Eos's body slowly healed itself. Her scars faded. Her limbs reformed as a wave of pure silver energy passed over the phantom space they used to be.

The whole process took only half-a-minute. Once it was over, Medea put Sephiraoth Graal back into her reliquary, frowning down at Eos's still closed eyes.

Eos sat bolt upright with a gasp.

"Aya! Send her back!" Medea said in shock.

Eos frantically looked around, shuffling backwards awkwardly as mist enveloped her. She was gone.

"Take her and go," Medea said to Helios through her illusion, watching as Helios helped his sister to her feet and hugged her tight. "We will discuss your apology at a later time."

Helios turned to the illusion, opening his mouth.

Medea let the illusion fade. She did not have the energy to deal with her grandfather any more right now. There was too much else on her mind.

Aya perked up, her orange, flaming body flashing blue with heated fire. "Father has returned."

Medea smiled. "Let's go meet him." She was so excited to introduce him to his daughter. She hoped he approved of the name. It was too late to change it now. She'd let him name their next child to make up for choosing Aya's name without his input.

Medea stepped into a shadow, reappearing in the entry hall. Balthazar was conversing with Shiroe, gathering details about the state of the refugees.

Medea charged him and leapt into his arms.

Balthazar was caught by surprise, barely managing to catch her. He stumbled backwards as his arms around around her.

"Welcome home, honey!" Medea said happily.

Balthazar's serious expression melted into a warm smile. Medea loved the way he looked at her.

Balthazar leaned in to steal a kiss as he set her down. "Hello, my love. How is everything here? Have any other problems cropped up?"

Medea took a step back, smiling bright. "The opposite. Something wonderful happened!"

"And what was that?"

Ice grew out of the ground.

Balthazar flinched, falling into a defensive stance as an icy form appeared at Medea's side.

Aya looked different. Paper-thin ice that crumpled against the air like cloth garbed her form. Frills stood at the hem of her sleeves and collar. An icy apron sat atop her dress. She wore a headband, keeping locks of frozen hair at bay.

Medea pursed her lips. "What are you wearing, dear?"

Aya looked away shyly. "Aqua showed me a picture of Grayfia Lucifer wearing something like it. I thought it was cute."

Medea laid a hand on Aya's cheek. "You look lovely."

"I'm sorry," Balthazar said, looking between them in confusion. "Who is this?"

Medea smiled warmly. "I told you that something wonderful happened." Medea took Aya's hand. "Balthazar, this is Aya."

Aya stood frozen, different from before. She was nervous. Medea squeezed her hand comfortingly. There was nothing to fear. She knew Balthazar would be overjoyed.

Balthazar nodded politely. "Hello, Aya."

Aya stuck her chin up, standing tall under Balthazar's eye. "Hello, father. Welcome home."
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, pixel_riki42 and 1,137 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jun 21, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 52
View content
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Aspiring Mediocre Writer
JoinedApr 26, 2024
Messages406
Likes received157,822
Jun 26, 2026
Add bookmark
#10,002
For some time now, I'd been on the backfoot, reactionary. The comfortable days of silence where I could gather power and foster allies in the shadows was well and truly over. Whether I wanted it or not, I was a major player in the supernatural now, my reach and influence spanning far beyond hell. I'd hoped to stay nothing more than a merchant. That changed the moment I became the lynchpin that caused a war.

My clan would soon be seen as its own global power when news of the Longinus Sacred Gears in our possession became common knowledge. And it would become common knowledge. There was no way to put that genie back in the bottle after what just happened with the angels.

Boreas and Helios attacking me that first time in the mortal world set off a very unpleasant chain of events. Every step, I panicked and grasped at anything within reach that might help protect me in the aftermath of whatever event had just impacted me. Honestly, it might have started with Bedeze. If he hadn't tried to steal everything I'd built, I probably would have stayed comfortably hidden in the background for longer. It was only because of the threat he posed that I showed my hand, that I revealed my peerage in the Rating Game.

Now, I'd just returned home from a meeting with the Four Satans, the rulers of Hell themselves. They were coordinating with me. I was to be the spearhead that pierced Heaven. They were going to act as my support, cleaning up the stragglers I didn't destroy.

It didn't feel real. When did I become the harbinger of the destruction of a realm that had been synonymous with the sky, here before the beginning of all things that should have been here after the end of existence? It felt big. I felt small by comparison. It was hard to wrap my head around. A road of violent twists and turns brought me here. If I'd had my way, everyone would have just left me alone to live my life and I wouldn't have done half of what I'd done.

At least, that was what I thought before this exact moment.

My brain had just rebooted. My thoughts were awhirl with details of the attack I'd planned with the Satans. The plan was simple – the best plans were – but there were still some finer details I was hashing out in my mind. Shiroe had just filled me in on the current situation with the refugees. Against all logic, Annihilation Maker's monsters had already managed to construct liveable structures. Now the main task was getting everyone situated and making sure they had simple items for daily use – toiletries, furniture, spare clothes and such.

A single world quieted the storm in my head, silenced all thoughts save one single word.

Father.

I stood slack, staring dumbly at the creature in front of me. A body of pure ice accented by chilled blue fire gathered around its shoulders and hair stood before me. The body was feminine, wearing a maid dress of ice that moved like silk. The icy woman stood tall. Perhaps it was the ice she was made from, but it seemed as if she didn't move at all. She was stock still, watching me intently, waiting.

I opened my mouth. My jaw worked dumbly, but no sound came.

I took a single, careful step forward. Then another.

I wasn't imagining things. The woman grew more tense as I approached, almost leaning away from me as I neared. She was nervous.

Slowly so as not to startle her, I reached up, gently laying my hand against her cheek.

When I offered my peerage a place in Clan Abaddon, naming several of them as my family, Medea and I had discovered the near-imperceptible devilish touch that the devils of Baator could sense in us. As I named each of them Abaddon, they each gained a semblance of that trace, similar to mine, though distinctly different.

Staring into the eyes of the icy woman before me, I felt a power and presence nearly identical to my own. It would be identical were that all I felt. No, it was mixed with Medea's magic. The two powers had joined to create something new.

I didn't know how it happened. I had no idea what process could have possibly given rise to the miracle before me. All I knew was that if anyone threatened the entity before me…

I would burn their entire pantheon.

My arms snapped out. The icy woman flinched at the unexpected speed. She let out a surprised gasp as I pulled her into a crushing hug. Despite her body being composed entirely of ice, the cold didn't burn. It felt impossibly warm, comforting.

"Aya," I nearly choked on the name as I said it, on my daughter's name. "I…" Words failed me. I pulled her even closer.

It was as if a spell had broken. Aya's stiff posture vanished as she fell against me, laying her head on my shoulder. Medea was suddenly there, wrapping her arms around us both, sandwiching Aya between us.

When I first set out on this path, the moment I awoke to consciousness and realized where I was, my ambitions were never so great as those commonly associated with devils. I wanted freedom in a world who counted different flavors of slavery amongst its various factions' practices. I wanted my own home in a world where ancient bloodlines ruled and anything lesser needed to scrape and beg for anything more.

I never wanted to rise to be the strongest power in the world. I never wanted to step onto the supernatural stage as a force equal to pantheons. All I wanted, all I truly wanted, was what I'd never been able to find in my first life.

I wanted peace. I wanted a partner. I wanted love. I wanted a family. I wanted a future with that family.

Medea and I had talked about children, but that was something that would happen in the future. The future. Some far-off, ephemeral concept that didn't truly exist. It never felt real. All I could see was the immediate danger poised to strike against everything I had built.

In an instant, the illusory dream of my future became real. I held in my arms everything I'd ever wanted in both of my lives.

There were tears in my eyes. I blinked them away, holding Aya and Medea tight.

Time lost meaning. I stood there basking in a euphoric realization that I had everything I could have ever wanted. I only came back to reality as Medea and Aya slowly pulled away. I didn't want to let them go, but holding the two of them in a crushing hug for all eternity didn't seem practical.

As we parted, I looked over Aya's icy body again. I could feel the mixture of mine and Medea's power permeating her form, but why was she ice? I didn't recall Medea telling me she was pregnant when I last saw her a little over an hour ago. Even if she had, while I wasn't a biologist, I doubted the result of such a thing would be a fully grown ice woman.

I looked between Aya and Medea. "How…?" I couldn't think of how to phrase my question. Luckily, Medea understood.

"Zenith Tempest," Medea said, smiling softly as she looked at Aya. "When I added it to the castle, the spirit born from Annihilation Maker and Dimension Lost changed, became…more."

"I am…not the castle as I once was, though I may still command and control it as if I were. It is hard to describe." Aya said, her voice an echoing whisper that barely reached your ears.

My smile faded as I followed that line of logic. "Wait, does that mean the castle has the Sacred Gears, or do you?"

Aya met my eyes. She raised her right hand. A small dog the size of a tiny child's toy appeared in her hand. It was made of red, twisted shadows. The dog yipped, wagging its tail as it hopped around in her hand.

"We share them. It is…hard to explain. We were joined when the Sacred Gears were bound to us. I retain their power in this new state just as the castle will still have access to their use." Aya explained. She bent down and let the small dog hop from her hand to the castle floor.

The dog kept barking happily. Its barks grew louder as it grew in size. When it was the size of a fully grown german shepherd, its growth halted. The dog paused, sniffing at the air. One of Medea's shadowy cat familiars peeked out from the arch leading down a hall. The dog yelped happily, claws scratching against the ground as it chased Medea's familiar down the hall.

"What's wrong?" Medea asked, stepping up next to me and laying a hand on my shoulder.

While she and Aya had watched the dog, I stared at the floor deep in thought, a frown on my face.

If Aya were the one in control of the Sacred Gears, I might need to change my plan. I didn't want my daughter's first act in the world to be one of genocide.

As I went to reply to Medea, a new figure appeared in a flash of pink energy.

"Balthazar," Serafall greeted hurriedly. Like when I left our meeting, she was wearing her dark armor. "Are you ready to… Hello," Serafall said, looking up at Aya.

Aya lifted the sides of her icy dress as she dipped into a shallow curtsy. "Hello, Serafall Leviathan. I am glad to properly meet you."

Serafall slowly turned to look at me. "Did you somehow get a third Bishop and recruit another inter-pantheon incident in the time since I last saw you like fifteen minutes ago?"

I smiled, wide and proud. I walked up next to Aya and wrapped an arm around her shoulders, pulling her into my side. Aya looked away shyly.

"Serafall," I said. "Meet Aya. My daughter."

Serafall stared straight at me. There was no change in her expression for several seconds. Finally, she robotically turned to look at Aya like her head was an ungreased joint. Her eyes flashed with an analysis spell.

Serafall's jaw fell open. "How the…" She trailed off, a bright smile slowly overtaking her face. "Aya-chan!" Serafall screeched.

I was knocked to the side, unable to react in time as Serafall turned into a blur. She scooped Aya up into her arms and held her to the sky like a baboon presenting the new king.

"Hi, Aya-chan! It's good to meet you! I'm your auntie Sera! I'm going to be your babysitter when your mom and dad have date nights! I'll introduce you to my peerage and we'll have so much fun! We're going to watch shows and cosplay and karaoke and eat cake and dance and–"

"Serafall," I cut in, smiling. "Please let her put her feet back on the ground."

Aya looked hopelessly confused about the whole situation. Dangling in the air with Serafall holding her up by her armpits, she looked searchingly at Medea and I, seeking an answer for what to do. I'd help her if I could, but even after spending as much time around her as I had, I'd yet to find a right answer for how to deal with the hurricane of Serafall.

Serafall brought Aya back down and hugged her tight, humming happily. "I wish I could stay here forever."

Serafall frowned, a tired sigh deflating her as she stepped away from Aya. She lightly patted Aya's head. "Sadly, duty calls. Aya, it was lovely meeting you. You and I will sit down sometime and talk about anything and everything. I have to steal your dad for a bit, but we'll be back soon." Looking at me, her expression turned serious. "Are you ready?"

"About that, we might need to alter the plan." I said.

Serafall's eyebrows furrowed. "What do you mean? We're all ready to go."

"Aya has Annihilation Maker, Dimension Lost and Zenith Tempest. Part of her genesis was bound to the Sacred Gears." I answered. Aya said the castle could still use the Sacred Gears, but I didn't know the mechanics of that yet. Did Aya have to okay it? Did the castle using them hurt her? I needed to figure out what I was working with before I unleashed a pantheon-destroying amount of power with the potential to recoil back and hurt my daughter.

Serafall pursed her lips. "Fuck."

I nodded in agreement. "Yes. Fuck."

"I do not see the issue." Aya said, confused. "I heard mother explain the plan to the peerage. I am able to act in the necessary capacity."

I smiled at her, taking her hand. "I appreciate that, honey, but I don't want you to have to do something like this, especially so soon after waking up."

Aya's eyes narrowed. "The angels attacked us. I was not what I am when it happened, but I remember the event. They sought our destruction. They will not stop. This is our opportunity. This will stop them. I have already created the monsters you requested before you left. They stand by for deployment where you directed, father."

"Aya…" I said, trying to articulate what I wanted to say. It was clear Aya was not a typical child. I still didn't have all of the details of her birth, but from what I was gathering, it took more after Medea's Greek, 'born from thought and the will of the world' side of the family than my bare-basic devil lust method. She was far more mature than she should be. I was in a meeting for a couple hours. When I got back, I had a daughter. She wasn't even half-a-day old. Maturity or not, I didn't want to march her to battle.

Aya smiled softly. "I understand your hesitation, father. You do not need to worry about me. I will be fine."

Medea laid a hand on my shoulder. "I won't leave her side."

I shared a serious look with Medea. I saw the same dangerous fire I felt in my chest reflected in her eyes. I took Medea's hand, squeezing her hand. "Don't let anything happen to her."

Medea nodded seriously. A dangerous glint appeared in her eyes. I knew, like me, she would eviscerate anything that hurt Aya.

Serafall watched us all closely. "If you're sure about this…?"

I walked up and hugged Aya. "I'm sorry. This shouldn't be our first family activity. When we're done, we can go on a picnic, okay?"

"I do not resent that we are doing what must be done, father. I look forward to our picnic." Aya said. I could have sworn I heard amusement in her voice.

I took a deep breath, turning back to Serafall. "Let's go."


X


The Silver City. Paradise. Heaven. A place humans dreamed of. A place of pleasures and just rewards for the faithful and deserving. A symbol of hope.

The home of the bastards that tried to kill me.

I was a devil, a creature of revolting sin. Our kind was barred from ever stepping foot in Heaven. Ancient protections laid into the realm's structure by the big man himself blocked our way. Any time the angels needed to deal with devils for one reason or another, a meeting was set in the mortal world on neutral ground. They refused to sully their paradise with our sin.

In Heaven, they were safe. In their Heavenly echo chamber, they could lord over the world, assured that they were righteous and all others had lost their way. None save pure angels could enter Heaven. That was how it had always been and how it would always be.

That's what they thought, what they wrongly assumed. They didn't know about Aqua. They didn't know what Hole and Dimension Lost could do when empowered by a King Piece.

Angels drifted about the Silver City. Some were joyous. Some were saddened. Some were conflicted. Some were stalwart. They prepared for war, for another attack against the hellspawn that dared to sully their creator's great plan.

As one, angels looked to the sky in surprise. They felt a disturbance. They saw something impossible. Something that didn't belong in Heaven was paradoxically here. That was impossible.

Amethyst mist mixed with golden clouds. Dark Holes consumed the shining light of Heaven as they appeared across the entire sky.

Some angels were intelligent. They realized before the rest they were under attack. It didn't help them.

Tailed Beast Bombs rained down from the Holes in the sky. Elemental fire roared forth from the mist in the bombs' wake.

The angels panicked. Some sought shelter. Some erected shields to absorb the attacks. Some shields, those set by Heaven's greatest defenders, held. The rest shattered under the might of mountain-destroying explosions.

The gentle music always able to be heard throughout Heaven was drowned out by thunderous explosions, shaking the air and quaking the ground. Angel screams rose into the air in the wake of the bombs' explosions.

Slowly, the survivors began organizing. They prepared to meet the force that would certainly follow that opening attack.

Then the second wave of Tailed Beast Bombs fell.

Angels clumped together, erecting shields together to better withstand the onslaught. Holes opened beneath their shields, unleashing elemental fire directly on top of them. Their shields failed. The bombs destroyed what the fire didn't burn.

The angels realized more waves would come. They saw that clumping together would lead to targeted attacks from fire. They spread out, shouting over the cacophony of screams and explosions to coordinate as well as they could. As one, they prepared for the next wave of Tailed Beast Bombs.

Holes opened to surround each angel. There were so many points of black in the air that the angels could barely see through the maze of Holes.

High-pitched, horrifying screams filled the air as shadowy lumps burst forth from the Holes. The dark oozes morphed into different forms in midflight. Some turned into long serpents, winding their bodies around angels and stabbing their fangs into the angels' necks. Some turned into bipedal forms, latching onto angels with their hands while their head turned into a gaping jaw with long razor teeth that burrowed into the angels' chests.

"To me, my brothers and sisters!"

Panicked angels looked to the sky. There, sword aimed high, crowned by a golden halo, twelve wings spread wide behind him, Uriel dispatched another of the ooze monsters.

"We will destroy this threat to–"

A lone angel wailed in agony, staring dejectedly where Uriel was just swallowed into a Hole. He was there, a shining beacon of Hope and Light, and then he was gone. There was no trace of him.

The angel wailed again, her pure white wings flashed black as she fell through the clouds, fleeing the monsters raining down on Heaven.

Twelve more oozes fell through the air where Uriel was. The oozes altered their form. One became a winged monstrosity with six legs and arms stretching from its back. It dove into a line of angels, snapping and tearing with its jaws.

"To the Hall!"

Despair-filled angels looked to the new voice. Metatron dodged between Holes and shapeshifting shadows to pull angel after angel from their deaths.

"Michael can use Father's system to protect us there. Move!" Metatron narrowly avoided flying through another Hole, leading the way back to the Hall of Heaven where God's system was strongest.

The angels rallied, fighting their way through the unending downpour of oozes. They formed ranks, cutting through the invaders to protect a group of angels in the midst of the group that erected shields to defend against the unending onslaught of elemental fire. The battle was viscous, but they would rise to the occasion. They were within sight of the Hall. They would make it.

A large Hole opened in their path. A giant creature as tall as a skyscraper fell through the Hole. Sinewy wings spread wide to encompass the sky.

Another angels' wings flashed black as he dove down through the clouds, fleeing in terror.

The monstrous creature laughed as the angel fled. Red muscles like armored rock mixed with shadows snapped taut as the bipedal, demonic monster raised a sword high, striking down towards the angels.

Suddenly, Metatron was there. Metatron caught the demon's sword with his blade of Light.

"Go!" Metatron cried, batting the demon's sword aside and dodging its semi-truck-sized fist. Metatron summoned a column of Light to blast the demon back. "I will buy you time!"

Some angels cried in protest, refusing to leave Metatron alone. They were dragged with the greater group as they desperately rushed for the Hall.

Angels along the outside of the group were pulled from their desperate flight by oozes snatching onto their legs or wings. Angels inside the clump were burned away by elemental fire as they let their guard slip for a moment. They were almost there. Their group was not the only one. Ahead, they could see a group of cherubim holding the door against a tide of ooze monsters, covering angels arriving in pairs or alone. They were regrouping. They could win.

Desperate, the angels at the head of the group tore through the doors, bypassing the cherubim fighting with all they were worth to keep the enemy from the Hall. If they could just get to Michael, he would know what to do.

The angels burst into the Hall, colliding heavily with the backs of their kin. The angels in the room were slowly backing away, wings flashing black then back to white.

An angel flew up to see over the mass. She needed to see what was happening. What she saw caused her to freeze.

Holes were spread throughout the ceiling of the Hall. Columns lay in piles of rubble. The great marble floor was cratered. Four figures flew in the air, defiling this most Holy place.

A dark-haired woman in dark armor, frost clinging to her body. A man with green hair in a dark robe, staring dispassionately at the angels still flooding into the room. A bald man with dark marks on his face and heavy silver pauldrons.

And in the middle, a flickering, humanoid shape of pure destruction drifted. Sirzechs Lucifer held Michael by the throat. Michael's body was limp, wings drooped behind him. There was a hole in his chest.

Sirzechs Lucifer turned to look at the assembled angels. He dropped Michael's body as he floated towards them, flanked by his allies. Together, the Four Satans bore down on the angels.

"They're inside!" someone in the back of the group screamed. A moment later, an ooze enveloped their body, dragging them to the ground.

Amidst the screaming and roar of flames, angels shoved against one-another. Those who saw the Satans, who witnessed the death of Michael, desperately tried to flee, their wings flickering black. Those who were stuck outside, desperately pushed back against their brethren, fleeing the oozes for what they believed to be the safety of the Hall.

More and more angels fell, taken by ooze, by fire, or by ice.

Other angels Fell. They dove through the clouds, fleeing Heaven and leaving it to its fate. Some justified it to themselves, saying that this way, Heaven would carry on. Others simply wanted to live.

Fire rained from the sky of Heaven, washing over the meager resistance still existing amongst Heaven's defenders.

Metatron was the last left standing. As he fell, he fell atop a pile of his enemies.

Sirzechs Lucifer stepped up to Michael's throne, the throne once reserved for Heaven's creator. He raised his hand.

The Throne of Heaven was consumed by a wave of pure Destruction.

"God," Serafall Leviathan said experimentally. When none of the Satans flinched in pain as they had since birth whenever the name of Heaven's Lord was spoken in their presence, Serafall grinned evilly. "The system's gone."

"Heaven will fall without it." Ajuka Beelzebub said, detached. "It is time we left."

"You hear that, Bal?" Serafall asked, looking up.

"I'm listening," My voice spoke from every Hole around them. "Just walk through any Hole you want. I'll bring you all back here. I still have Uriel trapped. What do you want me to do with him?"

"We'll deal with that later." Sirzechs said, watching as the Hall of Heaven began to unravel around them. Soon, Heaven would collapse into nothing. "We need to leave."

Together, the Four Satans walked through a Hole, departing Heaven as it crumbled in their wake.
Spoiler: Author's Note:
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Norego, Escanor999 and 1,000 others
HeWhoMakesTheSunRise
Jun 26, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Allen1996
 [NSFW] Paradise’s remains( a highschool DxD/RWBY essence Cyoa self insert/ Infernal comedy sequel)
Allen1996 Wednesday at 11:33 Words: 5.3k comment or else comment whore high school dxd
Replies1
Views708
Wednesday at 13:09
Hansgold
Hansgold
Purecrow
 [NSFW] HP/DXD: A Lords Goals
Purecrow Aug 3, 2026 Words: 8.9k 1 2 harry potter au high school dxd elements isekai self insert
Replies47
Views7K
Aug 20, 2026
Purecrow
Purecrow
IdleMuse0307
 [NSFW] Me? Human? Again? Nah, I'd Adapt [Human SI DXD AU]
IdleMuse0307 Jun 29, 2026 Words: 66k 1 ... 25 26 27 dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies796
Views151K
Today at 04:51
JoeSx2790
JoeSx2790
Grademaster
 [NSFW] Gu (DxD AU/Touhou SI)
Grademaster Saturday at 07:41 Words: 38k 1 ... 5 6 7 dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies198
Views25K
Today at 02:00
manatherindrell
manatherindrell
azukugames
 [NSFW] Omni DXD
azukugames May 1, 2026 Words: 9.1k 1 2 ai assisted ben 10 high school dxd
Replies30
Views3K
Sunday at 08:53
azukugames
azukugames
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit